Hollywood Life


Latest Hollywood Celebrity & Entertainment News
NewsExpand Menu
EntertainmentExpand Menu
BeautyExpand Menu
FashionExpand Menu
ShoppingExpand Menu
TrendingExpand Menu
Celebrity BiosExpand Menu
Taylor Swift and Kanye West weren’t the only ones with bad blood at the Video Music Awards. Look back at the VMAs’ biggest feuds.
If you thought that Taylor Swift and Kanye West were the only major feud born from the MTV Video Music Awards, think again. Although their 2009 exchange went down in history as one of the biggest moments in entertainment, other beefs also came from the awards show over the years.
One of the most notable feuds was between Camila Cabello and Fifth Harmony at the 2017 VMAs. Since the “Havana” hitmaker had just left the band in 2016, the remaining members — Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui — took to the VMAs stage as a four-member group. Before kicking off their performance, a fifth fake band member appeared alongside them, then was catapulted off stage. The image seemingly represented Camila’s exit.
Nevertheless, the former bandmates have put the beef behind them.
Scroll through the gallery to see photos from the most memorable feuds that were born at the MTV VMAs.
No one will ever forget about this moment in 2009 when Ye grabbed the mic from a then-teenage Taylor and basically shaded her for receiving the award over Beyonce. 
After Camila left Fifth Harmony to pursue a solo career, the band appeared at the 2017 VMAs — having a fifth member that seemingly represented Camila jumping off stage behind them before they started the performance. 
The “Havana” hitmaker later admitted that the performance “hurt [her] feelings” but they’ve all apparently moved on, as Camila even shared an Instagram tribute to Fifth Harmony years later. 
At the 2015 VMAs, Nicki abruptly called out Miley — who was hosting the show at the time — for having “a lot to say about [Nicki] in the press.” Miley defended herself by pointing out that all celebrities “do interviews” and sometimes, things can get taken out of context. 
Russell Brand took aim at the Jonas Brothers during the 2008 MTV VMAs, making fun of their chastity rings, which the brothers referenced in their doc Chasing Happiness. 
(REX/Shutterstock)
Kid Rock and Tommy Lee got into a fight at the 2007 MTV VMAs, which got Kid Rock hit with a misdemeanor battery citation at the time. 
Remember that time Eminem got into a fight with a puppet? Triumph the Insult Comic Dog does (As does Moby.) 
During a post-show interview that Madonna was in, Courtney suddenly began throwing random makeup items in her direction, leading the “Like a Virgin” hitmaker to joke, “Courtney Love’s in dire need of attention right now.” 
Follow Us:
About Us
Legal
News
Connect