American rap group Run DMC pose at the Grammy Awards, 1980s. (L-R): Jam Master Jay (Jason Mizell), Joe ‘Run’ Simmons and Darryl ‘DMC’ McDaniels. 
Two men have been convicted for the murder of Run-DMC's Jam Master Jay nearly 22 years ago. According to the Associated Press, Karl Jordan Jr. and Ronald Washington have been "found guilty of murder while engaged in a narcotics trafficking conspiracy and firearm-related murder for killing the pioneering DJ over what prosecutors characterized as revenge for a failed drug deal."
Jam Master Jay, born Jason Mizel, was the DJ for the iconic hip-hop group. He was shot and killed in his studio in 2002.
"Twenty years is a long time to wait for justice," Assistant U.S. Attorney Artie McConnell had told jurors in a closing argument, adding, "Don’t let this go on for another minute."
Jordan and Washington were arrested in 2020 and pleaded not guilty to the charges.
Run-DMC had a "drug-free" message in their music with the lyrics "We are not thugs, we don't do drugs" on "It’s Tricky," But according to McConnell, Mizel "...was a man who got involved in the drug game to take care of the people who depended on him."
Back in 2018, Netflix centered a documentary on the death of the DJ on ReMastered: Who Killed Jam Master Jay? There were six witnesses to the death of the Run-DMC member, but it wasn't until 2020 that law enforcement was able to pin down the two men who were convicted in the murder of the hip-hop icon.
"Virtually every witness changed their testimony 180 degrees," one of Washington’s lawyers, Susan Kellman, told the judge.
Witnesses contested that they were "scared for their lives" about speaking out about the murder, according to The Associated Press.
A third defendant, Jay Bryant, was charged last year after DNA on a hat which was found at the studio matched his. He will go on a separate trial at a later date that has not been yet announced. He has pleaded not guilty.
King From Queens: The Run DMC Story, the group's three-part documentary, is out now on Peacock. Take a look at the trailer below:
Hip-Hop is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. While the genre is one of the youngest, its impact has been massive. The genre originated in the early '70s in New York in African-American communities in the Bronx. Hip-hop starts with the music: rapping, DJing, and freestyling. But those elements led to others, including breakdancing and graffiti art.
Hip-hop has been in the mainstream in ways that its founders never would have dreamed.
"When we started on this journey decades ago, we were often told, 'No.' No, you won't be able to leave New Jersey. No, if you rap, you can't sing. No, singers can't become actresses. No, actors can't also produce," Queen Latifah said to Entertainment Weekly in a statement as she is set to become the first female rap artist to be celebrated at the Kennedy Center Honors.
"To now be recognized amongst so many multi-hyphenates feels unbelievable, not for just me and my team, but for our community. I'm beyond grateful for this recognition."
Throughout this year, hip-hop has been celebrated in performances by some of the greats. At the 2023 BET Awards, there were performances by MC Lyte, Big Daddy Kane, The Sugarhill Gang, D-Nice, Warren G, Yo-Yo, Trick Daddy, Trina, Uncle Luke, Redman, Erick Sermon, and Keith Murray -- also known as "Def Squad," and more highlighted rap on Culture's Biggest Night.
Earlier this year, Questlove curated a hip-hop tribute at the 2023 Grammy Awards where Missy Elliott, Run DMC, Salt n Pepa, Public Enemy, Grandmaster Flash, Ice-T, Queen Latifah, Busta Rhymes with Spliff Star, Nelly, GloRilla, Lil Baby, and more took to the stage. That led to a summer tour featuring the Roots and LL Cool J where they were joined by different hip-hop legends at each stop on the tour.
If you have been a fan since the beginning or you've just begun listening, you'll learn more from these projects. Take a look at five documentaries on these hip-hop artists:
Biggie and Tupac is a full-length documentary on the lives and tragedies of the hip-hop icons, both of whom were taken from us far too soon. Besides footage of Biggie and Tupac, you will also see appearances from Snoop Dogg, Lil Cease, and more. You can stream Biggie and Tupac  on Amazon Prime Video.
Jay-Z is one of the best rappers ever. The New York native's 2004 documentary Fade to Black shows fans how he got started. At the center of this film is Jay-Z's sold-out Madison Square Garden concert in 2003... which, at the time, were supposed to be his final shows. There are appearances from his wife Beyoncé, Pharrell Williams, Kanye West and more. It took about 15 years for this documentary to be available to stream and it is worth the wait. You can stream Fade To Black on Tidal or Amazon Prime.
Jeen-yuhs: A Kanye Trilogy takes us back to where it all began for Kanye West: the Southside of Chicago. Kanye West's artistry has impacted hip-hop like no other, as his diverse skills in producing and designing put him in a league of his own. You can stream Jeen-yuhs: A Kanye Trilogy on Netflix.
Nas: Time Is Illmatic  takes a deep dive into Nas' iconic debut album Illmatic. In the New York native's documentary you will also hear accounts from Alicia Keys, Q-Tip, Busta Rhymes and Pharrell. You can stream Nas: Time Is Illmatic  on Peacock.
https://www.fuse.tv/v/eminem-count-me-in/b068fe5935e445f144177ad06023ac7b

Eminem has had quite a career in hip-hop and this documentary takes a look at many of his accolades. In 2022 he performed at the Super Bowl alongside Dr. Dre, Kendrick Lamar, Snoop Dogg, Mary J. Blige, and 50 Cent. He was also inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame last year for his contributions to hip-hop. You can stream Eminem: Count Me In on Amazon Prime Video.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!