Filed under:
Rice aims to redefine its season in its conference opener at West Point.
Rice and Army played three times in the last 10 years, but for the first time ever, this matchup comes with a different flair.
Army joined the American Athletic Conference this offseason, officially upgrading this matchup to a conference game. The undefeated Black Knights already initiated conference play in Week 2, knocking off Florida Atlantic 24-7 to win their first-ever AAC matchup. Now they host their first conference game as Rice opens AAC play, hoping to make the most of a fresh slate after a 1-2 start.
Rice (1-2, 0-0 AAC) isn’t having the follow-up act it imagined after, fresh off attaining six wins for the first time since 2014 and for the first time under head coach Mike Bloomgren. The Owls were overwhelmed 34-14 in the opener vs. Sam Houston as double-digit favorites, and after a respite against FCS competition, they were nearly blanked in a 33-7 rivalry loss to Houston — notching their only points with 68 seconds left to avoid the shutout.
Although Rice scored 69 points with ease on Texas Southern of the FCS, offensive woes defined its other two losses. The Owls are losing the turnover battle 0-4 against FBS opponents this year, which created the vast separation in their two 20+ point losses. Rice only ran one play in Houston territory in the first 55 minutes of game clock last week, so turnovers aside, the offense needs to find ways to extend the sticks on third down, converting just 27.8 percent of attempts this year after an 0-of-11 start last week.
Not all is grim for the Rice offense as the unit still exhibits immense potential. One area of excellence is the run game headlined by star running back Dean Connors. Connors totaled 771 yards on 6.4 yards per carry as the team’s breakout star in 2023, and he’s already replicating those numbers in 2024 with 197 yards on a 6.2 average through a quarter of the regular season. Connors is responsible for an AAC-best five rushing touchdowns, and his speed and vision are a dangerous combination for opposing defenses.
Rice is one of 23 teams nationally averaging at least 6.0 yards per carry. Yet surprisingly, the Owls are running the ball at the sixth-lowest rate in the FBS which is quite the opposite of their usual M.O. Part of that involves playing from behind in the Houston and Sam Houston games, and the Owls are passing over 34 times per game, and although they’re completing attempts at a decent rate, they average just 172 yards through the air.
The Owls haven’t stretched the field vertically too much yet, but their quarterback certainly has the capability of doing so. Temple transfer E.J. Warner enjoyed four games of 400+ passing yards and 3+ touchdowns at his former school, and Rice installed some of Warner’s favorite plays from Temple to help the passing game, which could reap its benefits down the road. Still, Warner is searching for reliable wide receivers to step up. Connors is the receptions leader with 18, and checking in at second on the list is a tie between wide receiver Matt Sykes and tight end Boden Groen with 10 apiece.
Defensively, the No. 1 thing to know about the Owls is their affinity for pressure. They rank first in the FBS with 14 sacks on the year, and everybody is eating. Seven players have at least 1.5 sacks this year with Michael Larbie and Demone Green leading the way from the defensive line. However, Army’s offense isn’t going to drop back much, but some of the same pressure techniques apply when breaking through the offensive line to stop the triple option.
The Owls are limiting opponents to 3.7 rushing yards per carry, but they’ve been susceptible to allowing explosive plays as evidenced at Houston last week. Outside of the few explosive plays, the defense was rather sound with outside linebacker Josh Pearcy lending a hand with a team-high 14 tackles. Pearcy is a three-time captain on a defense laden with players who have been in the program at least five years.
Other veterans joining in on the run-stopping effort include outside linebacker Myron Morrison who has 2.5 tackles for loss on the year and hard-hitting strong safety Gabe Taylor who aims to help Rice in the turnover battle after forcing four fumbles during his time as an Owl.
Army (2-0, 1-0 AAC) just joined the AAC this year, and its name is already atop the conference standings after handling Florida Atlantic in a Week 2 showdown. The Black Knights have become highly acquainted with winning as of late, as their 6-game win streak ranks second in the country, only trailing Missouri’s 7-game streak.
Prior to the win streak, Army found itself in a rough patch last fall. The Black Knights adopted a more shotgun oriented option offense in 2023, but once they reverted to their bread and butter of the under-center option attack, things started going swimmingly. They pulled off upsets over Air Force and Coastal Carolina to conclude that 2023 campaign, and they remain on a roll with first-year offensive coordinator Cody Worley conducting the offense after his promotion from the quarterbacks coach and run game coordinator.
Breaking in a new offensive scheme in 2023, the Black Knights shockingly finished eighth in the FBS in rushing at 208 yards per game, after finishing in the top five every year from 2016-22. The sample size is small but this year’s squad appears to be back on track, ranking first in the country picking up 390 rushing yards on average, generating 6.8 yards per carry and four touchdowns per outing.
The offense remains under the direction of quarterback Bryson Daily who attained 901 rushing yards in his first full season as Army’s starter. Daily is second on the team in rushing with 195 yards through two games, and the success in the run game means he isn’t tasked with passing as much. In 2023, he dropped back for 11+ attempts and 100+ passing yards in each of his first five outings, but in 2024, he only has 10 attempts on the year in Worley’s offense.
The beauty of the triple option offense is the amount of weapons Rice needs to worry about on a single play. Noah Short played wide receiver for the bulk of 2023, but now he’s an effective slotback, bursting for 243 yards on 19 carries. Kanye Udoh is another common ballcarrier in the scheme, picking up 145 yards and three touchdowns on 29 attempts. Hayden Reed is another frequent presence in the backfield as the fourth different Black Knight to attain at least 10 rushing attempts in 2024.
Army hasn’t thrown much this year, but in the event it does, Jeff Monken teams prefer for deep shots to catch defenses off guard. In 2023, each of Army’s top four receivers averaged over 14 yards per reception with its leader nearing 30. In 2022, each of Army’s top five receivers averaged over 16 yards per reception. Thus, the Owls’ secondary must be mindful of the one or two explosive aerial shots Daily takes during the contest.
When preparing to face Army, coaching staffs focus heavily on the unique offensive scheme. But defense is where the Black Knights typically make their mark, finishing 32nd in scoring defense last season. Through two games, Army suffocated its opponents and allowed 14 total points, shutting out its competition completely in second halves.
No opponent has recorded 200 passing yards on Army this year, and Florida Atlantic particularly struggled gaining any push on the ground with 42 rushing yards on 17 attempts. The Black Knights exhibit a 1-to-3 touchdowns allowed to interceptions accrued ratio with star free safety Max DiDomenico spearheading the coverage. When it comes to the run defense, Kalib Fortner is the most important player on the Black Knights, registering a team-high 12 tackles on a run defense which looks to be one of the premier units in the AAC.
Predicting Army games felt like throwing a dart blindfolded a year ago. The Black Knights lost to ULM, suffered consecutive shutouts, yet took down 9-4 UTSA, 9-4 Air Force, and 8-5 Coastal Carolina in a 6-6 finish.
But Jeff Monken’s team seemed to find its groove when reverting back to its under-center option, and the lofty rushing numbers speak for themselves. Army has plenty of weapons at its disposal in the backfield and the team plays a disciplined style, thriving immensely when playing with the lead.
Rice possesses plenty of talent to be one of the top teams in the AAC, but nothing has materialized this year in commanding defeats to Sam Houston and Houston. The Owls’ strength is their Dean Connors-led run-game but Army’s defense offers a strong enough counter on the ground to stifle the Owls and win its second conference matchup.
Prediction: Army 28, Rice 14
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.