He produced "Keys To My Life" and "Fuk Sumn" on 'Vultures.'

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Timbaland has good news for those who have been enjoying Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign’s collaborative album Vultures 1. The 51-year-old producer says that the second edition of the trilogy is on the way.

	“Like I said Vulture Vol 2 OTW,” he wrote on X, formerly known as Twitter, on Saturday evening (Feb. 24). Timbo is a reliable source on this as he produced “Keys To My Life” and “Fuk Sumn” featuring Playboi Carti and Travis Scott. 

	His announcement preceded some more good news for Ye, Ty, and fans as they learned that Vultures 1 earned the No. 1 spot on the Billboard 200 for the second week in a row. The 16-track LP beat out Yeat’s 2093 for the throne; many people expected 2019 would claim No. 1, especially with the addition of “As We Speak” featuring Drake. 

	









Like I said Vulture Vol 2 OTW ??

	Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign finally released Vultures 1 on Feb. 9 after months of anticipation and delays. Even after it finally came out, they dealt with some hurdles as the project was removed from major streaming platforms on multiple occasions but was able to reach No. 1 on iTunes.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye's Former Manager Free Maiden Shoots Down Extortion Accusations		
			







	“We one, we one, we one!” Ye said during a conversation with TMZ on Feb. 12. He also addressed the anti-semitic comments he had made in the past, skating by being “cancelled,” and not having an opinion on what’s happening in Palestine because he was more focused on what was going on in his hometown Chicago.

	“How many more times y’all gonna call me crazy?” he asked. “How many more times y’all gonna give me fake medication that makes me fat off of a misdiagnosis when I really have slight signs of autism from the car accident? But y’all said, ‘Whatever, give him that bipolar medication.’ Y’all try to kill the superheroes!” Watch below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.