Kanye West's fans were left asking if the rapper is okay following his latest Instagram upload.
The Gold Digger rapper, who has recently released his new album Vultures 1, had taken to the social media platform to address his critics after people questioned why he had uploaded the same video of his wife Bianca Censori three times.
But many social networkers were left with more questions than answers as they were left asking if Kanye was all right after noticing his bulbous top lip, which appeared to have a large lump on it.
One person said: "What’s that thing on yo lip." While another said: "I was wondering the same thing." Many fans wondered if his new $850,000 (£675,000) titanium dentures were to blame, as they thought the hard metal may have cut him.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift 'got Kanye West kicked out of Super Bowl' after he tried to upstage her
A social networker said: "I'd say he's accidentally bitten his lip with the titanium teeth lol." While another added: "More like his new grill on his teeth that is extremely sharp - prolly got cut on it."
Dr Praveen Sharma, scientific advisor to the British Dental Association, spoke to the Mail about what they believed could have caused the lump.
They said: "One of the commonest causes of lumps on the lips is being infected with herpes. These can also arise from physical trauma or an allergic reaction.
"Sometimes these are painful or uncomfortable but are often harmless and will clear up without treatment. Blocked minor salivary glands in the lip can also appear as swellings that can sometimes change size during mealtimes when more saliva is produced."
While Karen Coates, a registered dental nurse and Oral Health Foundation spokesperson, speculated to the outlet that it could have happened as a result of some sort of dental trauma.
She noted how sometimes "implant-supported dentures can move" which then "causes trauma to the surrounding tissues". In the video, Kanye ranted: "Yo, I just wanted to tell everybody I posted my wife three times on purpose.
He then started to say, "What baby..." as he panned the camera round to Bianca, who was loudly giggled, as she ran out of shot.
Kanye then continued: "So, what I'm saying is I delivered the album and people still in my comments talking about, 'why are you posting your wife?.' Because she makes me happy.
"That's why y'all happy with the music because I'm happy. You understand? So don't ever say nothing negative. If you don't like my page and don't like what I'm posting then go f**k yourself. Seriously.
Leave me, leave the King the f**k alone. I don't care bro. I'm [going] to post my wife as much as I want. Go post your wife on your f**king Instagram."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.