Bianca Censori has once again turned heads with her daring outfit choice.
In yet another bold ensemble, she stepped out completely naked under a see-through raincoat to join her husband Kanye West at a studio session in Los Angeles.
The model's raincoat had big black letters across the front to cover her chest, but her bum was clearly visible from the back. She paired the look with black leather boots and a plastic hood tied under her chin.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift's biggest controversies - £3,000 fine, tense Kanye West feud and lawsuits
READ MORE: Kanye West shows Bianca Censori braless and surrounded by clones in eerie clip
From the front, Bianca held together the rain coat around her nether-regions to keep it bunched up and unseen my cameras, while the black writing covered most of her chest.
Bianca opted for a minimal makeup look, with grey eyeshadow and light pink lip-gloss. Despite the stormy weather, she was all smiles as she walked hand-in-hand with Kanye.
Proving to be the polar opposite, Kanye opted for a more covered appearance. The rapper wore a black mask covering his entire face, an oversized leather jacket, dark baggy trousers, leather gloves and boots. He later added a khaki poncho to protect himself from the rain.
Bianca's latest shocking look comes after Kanye announced his wife will be wearing even less clothes this year. Proving he was true to his word, last month Kanye took to Instagram to share a number of revealing snaps of Bianca.
In one picture, Bianca wore nothing but a micro G-string thong hiked up on her hips which she paired with a pink fur bralette. The top left little to the imagination as it barely covered her nipples. Another snap saw Kanye wearing a modest outfit while Bianca stood next to him in a tiny halter top made of just a few strings.
In the caption, Kanye revealed Bianca will be wearing "no pants this year". Shortly after, the rapper deleted all of his Instagram posts, including the ones of Bianca.
The pair have been together non-stop since they tied the knot shortly after Kanye's divorce from Kim Kardashian went through. They wed in December 2022 after a whirlwind romance after he slid into her DMs to ask her to work for him.
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.