By MARY MRAD FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  01:21, 17 September 2024   |  Updated:  01:51, 17 September 2024   
 83
View  comments
Bianca Censori has been shocking onlookers by stepping out in flesh-flashing outfits while out and about with her husband Kanye West.
And it appears Bianca's younger sister Angelina is following in her footsteps.
On Sunday, Angelina shared a racy photo to Instagram during a trip to China to see her brother-in-law perform.
She wore a black bra and white tiny boyshorts as she posed for a mirror selfie in her hotel room.
Angelina tied her brunette locks back as she struck a sultry pose for the camera.
She travelled to China with her father Leo, mother Alexandra and sister Bianca to support the controversial rapper for his latest performance.
They were seen at the Wuyuan River Sports Stadium in Hainan over the weekend during his Vultures Listening Party.
Kanye's four children, North, 11, Saint, eight, Chicago, six and Psalm, five, also joined him for the high-energy set.
Bianca Censori's sister Angelina has posed for a racy selfie in lingerie during a trip to China to see her brother-in-law Kanye West perform
In a video from the event, the stadium erupted as Kanye and his children, whom he shares with ex Kim Kardashian, stepped into the spotlight.
It was previously reported that Leo's relationship with Kanye was on shaky ground.
Bianca's father reportedly wanted to confront the Jesus Walks rapper about her X-rated outfits earlier this year.
An anonymous source claimed Leo - who also boasts past convictions for possession of a pistol and fully jacketed ammunition - was angry the Kanye had turned his family into a 'trashy commodity'.
But this surprise appearance in China seems to suggest things have settled between the pair.
Leo is the brother of Eris Censori - a notorious gangland killer once dubbed 'Melbourne's Al Capone'.
She travelled to China with her father Leo, mother Alexandra and sister Bianca to support the controversial rapper for his latest performance
Eris was sentenced to death in Western Australia for a murder, but the sentence was later commuted to life imprisonment.
The death penalty was abolished in Western Australia in 1984, although the last execution in Australia took place in 1967.
Eldest brother Edmondo, known as 'Eddie Capone', has convictions in Victoria for violence, including assaulting police, theft and threats.
As well as heroin dealing, Leo also has convictions for possession of a pistol and fully jacketed ammunition.
Bianca and Angelina have been making headlines since they posed in racy ensembles at the rapper's Vultures 2 listening party in Los Angeles last month
Meanwhile, Bianca and her sister Angelina have been making headlines since they posed in racy ensembles at the rapper's Vultures 2 listening party in Los Angeles last month.
Angelina appears to be following in her older sister's footsteps, as she completes her architecture degree at Melbourne University and sends pulses racing on Instagram with outfits borrowed from Bianca's wardrobe.
'[Bianca] has the best wardrobe,' she told Page 13 in January at Melbourne Fashion Week.
'I love fashion and I always like to do my own thing. I don't follow what influencers are doing but have my own take and do my own thing.'
Angelina — who lives in Australia alongside Bianca’s parents and other sister, Alyssia — made a splash in August when she wore a pair of white Miu Miu underwear with a nude waistband at another of Ye's listening parties.
Angelina also told the publication that Bianca is her 'best friend' and that she considers her sister's fashion choices to be 'art'.
'Some people call it ugly or eclectic, it’s not for everyone but I think it's cool and I like it.'
'We know what’s up and kind of laugh about the stupid headlines to be honest.'
 The Censori family have recently been rallying around Bianca and making a very public show of support for her marriage to Kanye

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group