By
Kanye West delivers his version of events following reports his wife, Bianca Censori was sexually assaulted at the Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles, California.
In the initial segment of his interview with Justin Laboy on The Download podcast, released Monday (April 22), Ye alleged he confronted a man accused of inappropriate contact with his wife on April 16.
My wife is walking to the bathroom at the Chateau, and then this guy … just grabbed my wife,” he began. “I didn’t see it directly, and [Bianca] started just explaining to me what happened, so then I walked over and found him.
“I’m talking to different security, not just the security that be with me, but other security, like, ‘Okay, let’s get this guy just escorted out or something.’ And then I talked to the guy and I say, ‘Yo, I need you to just— you need to leave right now,’ and he’s like ‘Oh, it’s okay, it’s okay.’
He continued: “It’s like, no, it’s not okay; it wasn’t okay. Then he saw it wasn’t okay — had to go to bed early, tucked this n-gga in. He had to go to bed early.”
Fuck it. Justin Laboy x Ye (Kanye west) Full Interview pic.twitter.com/DGtCAnwczQ
However, eyewitnesses who were present at the time of the alleged incident previously informed TMZ that their account of events doesn’t precisely match that of the Chicago native.
Eyewitnesses reported that a man accidentally bumped into Kanye West’s wife, prompting him to confront the assumed culprit outside the building. Allegedly, West punched the individual he believed responsible, inadvertently hitting the man’s identical twin instead. 
The individuals involved, Mark and Jonnie Houston, own restaurants in the greater Los Angeles area, but it remains unclear who bumped into Censori and who was struck by West in return. 
Contrary to eyewitness accounts, representatives for Ye stated that the incident involved physical assault and sexual misconduct against his wife, Bianca Censori. 
“‘Grabbed’ is grossly inadequate as a description of what happened. Bianca was physically assaulted,” a rep for West said in a statement at the time.
“The assailant didn’t merely collide into her. He put his hands under her dress, directly on her body, he grabbed her waist, he spun her around, and then he blew her kisses. She was battered and sexually assaulted.”
As of now, Censori has not pressed criminal charges against either twin.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97