By EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:15, 20 March 2024   |  Updated:  08:00, 21 March 2024   
 1.6k
View  comments
Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori flashed her assets in another jaw-dropping ensemble as she joined the rapper at the Cheesecake Factory in LA on Wednesday.
Censori, 30, who shocked by stepping out in a silver bikini top and thong underwear this week,  went braless beneath a completely sheer nude mesh top as she walked down the street and headed to lunch at the family friendly eaterie.
As well as her chest, Censori revealed her tiny waist and her long legs in tiny grey shorts, paired with heels.
Her raven locks were slicked back off her face and she added a pop of color with blue shadow.
Kanye flashed his titanium teeth as he smiled at his wife, while wearing a black baggy jacket, shades and leather look joggers.
Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori flashed her assets in another jaw-dropping ensemble as she joined the rapper at the Cheesecake Factory in LA on Wednesday
Censori, 30, who shocked by stepping out in a silver bikini top and thong underwear this week, went braless beneath a completely sheer nude mesh top as she walked down the street and headed to lunch at the family friendly eaterie
The couple looked loved-up as they strolled arm-in-arm and cracked up with laughter before heading inside. 
Kanye has been parading Bianca around in the world in X-rated looks after secretly tying the knot in December 2022 — just weeks after he finalized his divorce from Kim.
She shocked last month by wearing sheer stockings for pants in Paris after going nude under a see-through raincoat in LA. 
A source previously told DailyMail.com that Bianca's parents are 'mortified' at seeing their daughter in racy looks and that they just seems to be 'getting worse and worse.'
'Her parents are so distressed over this because they do not recognize her. She would not be doing this unless she was being controlled,' the insider said.
Some of her loved ones even reportedly staged an intervention with Bianca over West's alleged 'controlling ways'.
Just last week Bianca's mother Alexandra reportedly flew out from their native Australia to Los Angeles in the hopes of 'saving' her daughter, according to sources close to the family.
A source told DailyMail.com that Alexandra is taking time 'to see for herself' if Bianca really does have everything 'under control' as she claims.
As well as her chest, Censori revealed her tiny waist and her long legs in tiny grey shorts, paired with heels
Her raven locks were slicked back off her face and she added a pop of color with blue shadow
Kanye flashed his titanium teeth as he smiled at his wife, while wearing a black baggy jacket, shades and leather look joggers
Bianca showed off her figure in the scanty ensemble 
The stars opted for drastically different looks as they strolled 
Bianca flashed her bust as she strolled into the eaterie for lunch 
The couple looked smitten as they strolled into the restaurant
'This has been a wonderful opportunity for Alexandra to get to spend time with Bianca and assess the situation for herself.'
Her fears have reportedly been eased during this time with Bianca and West as an insider claimed the rapper 'knows how to sweet talk a mom'.
'Right now is a pivotal time and Alexandra was low-key believing she would come to save her daughter,' the source said.
'But this is not the case. Kanye has started to turn things around since the release of [his new album] Vultures in the sense that he is not going off on as many unhinged rants.
'He also knows how to sweet talk a mom,' the source added. 'This has been really a good experience, and everyone is so relieved to see her with Alexandra.'
The insider claimed that a desire to be involved in the lives of any future grandchildren may also be a driving force.
Recently, insiders claimed to DailyMail.com that Bianca's father Leo is keen on confronting the rapper over his daughter's X-rated makeover and how he's paraded her around like a 'trophy pony.'
Bianca linked arms with her husband as they walked in LA
Bianca certainly chose a bold look for her day out
The star flashed the flesh as she walked with Kanye
Kim filed for divorce from Kanye in February 2021 after six years of marriage and four children together; seen in 2019
'Leo honestly wants to just sit Kanye down to let him know that he is hurting her family by turning his beloved daughter into a trashy-looking marketable commodity,' they said.
'No man should ever encourage the woman that he loves to walk out in public and present herself like this. That isn't love. That is control.'
Bianca's family have also questioned how Kanye would feel in the future if a man was treating his daughters with Kim Kardashian in the same way.
'He knows that there is no way in hell that Kanye would allow this for his daughters so it makes no sense why he would encourage this for his own wife.'
As for Bianca's relationship with Kim, a source previously told DailyMail.com exclusively that the pair are 'amicable' but that Kim has taken issue with Bianca dressing provocatively in front of her and Kanye's four children.
The exes share North, 10, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four. 
Kim allegedly warned Kanye to tell Bianca to 'cover up' around the kids, which the 29-year-old brunette has seemingly obliged. 
‘Kim instructed Kanye to never let Bianca dress like that around their kids,’ a source dished. ‘She is truly surprised that Kanye would let his wife leave the house like that.’ 
Kanye and Bianca tied the knot in December 2022 - weeks after his and Kim's divorce was finalized; the couple seen in February
Last week, Kim was spotted with Bianca along with her kids Chicago and Psalm in the audience during Kanye's Vultures listening party in San Francisco.
It marked the first time that the women were photographed together. 
Sources told DailyMail.com that Kim's appearance was part of a 'concerted effort' by the reality star to put on a 'united front' with her ex-husband and his new wife.
A clip of Bianca and Kim standing side-by-side at the event went viral on social media, with fans wondering 'what' the women could have been speaking about.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group