The same interview saw the rapper defend his antisemitic tweets, saying he was under the influence of alcohol when he wrote them
Kanye West has said that Beyoncé should allow Jay-Z to cheat on her in a newly shared interview, originally recorded in 2022.
While speaking to controversial right-wing pundit Candace Owens, West, now known as Ye, said that “Beyoncé needs to let [Jay-Z] go get some pussy,” while discussing his former friend and collaborator. West was interviewed by Owens for her podcast Candace in 2022 however, the episode was only shared yesterday (August 7).
The remark surprised Owens, who burst into laughter before asking “What?”.
West then added:”‘Go to the DR [Dominican Republic] or something like that, you know what I mean?”
"I just think Beyoncé need to let him go get some p*ssy, seriously."
— Kanye West on JAY-Z (2022) pic.twitter.com/Wm3CZtWfFx
— Hip Hop Community (@hiphop_communit) August 7, 2024
The comment follows Jay-Z’s highly-publicised cheating scandal, which first came to light in 2016 with Beyoncé’s album ‘Lemonade’ — a record that followed a storyline of infidelity. Jay-Z later confirmed his unfaithfulness on his ‘4:44’ record in 2017.
Earlier this year, Beyoncé seemed to address the cheating on her latest album ‘Cowboy Carter‘ which included a re-written cover of Parton’s iconic hit ‘Jolene’.
In Beyoncé’s version, ‘Jolene’ now refers to someone trying to “come between a family and a happy man”, as she sings in the chorus: “Jolene, Jolene, Jolene, Jolene / I’m warnin’ you, don’t come for my man / Jolene, Jolene, Jolene, Jolene / Don’t take the chance because you think you can”.
Jay-Z commented on his infidelity in an episode of David Letterman’s My Next Guest Needs No Introduction Netflix show in 2018, saying that he is a “different person” now and that he’s “not the worst of what I’ve done”.
Beyoncé and Jay-Z CREDIT: Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for The Recording Academy
“For a lot of us, we don’t have, especially where I grew up and men in general, we don’t have emotional cues from when we’re young,” he argued. “Our emotional cues are ‘Be a man, stand up, don’t cry!’ I want to have the emotional tools that it takes to keep my family together.”
The rapper added: “I have a beautiful wife who’s understanding and knew I’m not the worst of what I’ve done. We did the hard work of going to therapy and you know, we love each other, right? So we really put in the work.”
“I like to believe we’re in a better place today. But we’re still working and communicating and growing. And I’m proud of the father and the husband that I am today because of all the work that was done.”
In an interview with the New York Times in 2017, Jay-Z also commented on Beyoncé’s decision to stay with him following his infidelity. “You know, most people walk away, and like divorce rate is like 50 per cent or something ’cause most people can’t see themselves,” he said.
“The hardest thing is seeing pain on someone’s face that you caused, and then having to deal with yourself. So, you know, most people don’t want to do that. You don’t want to look inside yourself. And so you walk away.”
Kanye West. CREDIT: MEGA/GC Images/Getty
The same interview saw West defend previous antisemitic tweets, saying he was under the influence of alcohol when he wrote them. The rapper was referring to a series of posts on Twitter/X and Instagram in 2022, which saw his accounts on both social media sites be suspended. In one post West, wrote: “I’m a bit sleepy tonight but when I wake up I’m going death con 3 On JEWISH PEOPLE.”
West went on to say that he hadn’t revealed this earlier, as he didn’t want his tweets to be “discredited” as drunken ramblings. The rapper also defended his comments, saying he still believes they were the “truth”.
Following the tweet, West was dropped by his lawyer, talent agency and record label, while several fashion brands, including Balenciaga and Adidas, ended their partnerships with him, resulting in him losing billionaire status.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.