By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:02, 2 January 2024   |  Updated:  08:10, 3 January 2024   
 2.4k
View  comments
Kanye West declared that his wife Bianca Censori will be wearing even less clothes in 2024, after sharing a slew of racy snaps to his Instagram account.
The controversial rapper - known as Ye - posted three separate pictures of Bianca to his 18.4M followers, with one captioned: 'No pants this year'.
On Tuesday, the 46-year-old hitmaker showed off his wife who donned a skimpy, fur bra top, which revealed her ample assets, and nothing else but a micro thong.
She also had her hair wrapped up in a black headscarf to highlight her barefaced features.
Kanye and Bianca were married in secret early last year, which DailyMail.com exclusively revealed.
Kanye West declares his wife Bianca Censori will be wearing LESS clothes then ever in 2024 as he posts a slew of racy snaps: 'No pants this year'
She was also seen modeling fishnet stocking kitten heels that went up to just below her knees. 
Kanye also shared another jaw-dropping image, which was a mirror selfie of himself standing in a doorway covered head-to-toe next to Bianca.
In the same snap, the Yeezy architect stood to the side while modeling a barely-there string bikini, a black corset and a leather trench coat.
He sported a black leather trench coat to match hers but sported a turtleneck top, baggy pants and chunky boots.
He was also seen rocking a a full beard and mustache.
He also posted a picture of her walking out of the shower of lavish hotel room, looking down at her feet dressed in black, knee-high boots and nearly spilling out of her tiny outfit.
Alongside that snap of her, he wrote in the caption: 'Dropped sumn?' 
During the summer of 2023, the couple enjoyed a European getaway and received backlash after gallivanting throughout Italy with Bianca in her nearly naked ensembles. 
On Tuesday, the 46-year-old hitmaker also shared a mirror selfie of himself standing in a doorway covered head-to-toe. In the same snap, Censori stood to the side, while modeling a barely-there string bikini, a black corset and a leather trench coat
He also posted a picture of her walking out of the shower of lavish hotel room, looking down at her feet dressed in black, knee-high boots and nearly spilling out of her tiny outfit
DailyMail.com exclusively revealed that the pair had tied the knot in December 2022 - just one month after his divorce with ex Kim Kardashian was finalized
During the summer of 2023, the couple enjoyed a European getaway and received backlash after gallivanting throughout Italy with Bianca in her nearly naked ensembles
Some of her recent and most scandalous had her carrying a pillow or stuffed animal to protect her modesty
The thirst trap triptych comes just days after Kanye apologized for his unhinged and offensive anti-semitic outbursts, which resulted in a 'smackdown' from Bianca
Some of her recent and most scandalous had her carrying a pillow or stuffed animal to protect her modesty. 
The thirst trap triptych comes just days after Kanye apologized for his unhinged and offensive anti-semitic outbursts, which resulted in a 'smackdown' from Bianca. 
Insiders revealed that she is allegedly 'tired' of having to 'babysit' her husband and fears he is putting them in danger.
'She told him that his recent behavior was unacceptable and that he needs to apologize because he was putting them in danger and setting a horrible example for his children,' one source said.
'Bianca is really sick of his attention seeking and she knows that this is not who he truly is,' they added.
Previously, DailyMail.com exclusively revealed that the pair had tied the knot in December 2022 - just one month after his divorce with ex Kim Kardashian was finalized.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group