Kanye West faced a massive amount of backlash when he announced a new project in the adult industry last month, with a fresh update now being unveiled.
The Vultures rapper teased the launch of a pornography business last month, under his clothing company YEEZY. Reports said Ye had been thinking about the idea for some time, and was finally ready to pull the trigger.
The controversial rapper, 46, posted about the new business venture on Instagram at the end of April. At the time, he shared a post with a crude caption.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West's 'Yeezy porn' project branded as 'very bad idea' that could 'sever' bonds
But since his announcement, all posts have been deleted from Ye's social media. According to reports, Kanye's X account and YouTube channel have both been wiped of any mention of the venture.
This comes after Kanye's spokesperson, Milo Yiannopoulos, who works as YEEZY's chief of staff, stood against Ye's adult film ideas and now-seemingly-scrapped venture. Milo described the venture as dangerous to his "spiritual and physical health", according to reports.
He wrote: "I cannot be complicit in the production or dissemination of pornographic films and literature, for moral and religious reasons.
“But also because such material and the kind of people invariably involved in its production represent an imminent danger to my life as a recovering addict and an unacceptable risk to my spiritual and physical health as a former homosexual."
This all comes after Ryan McCormick, a PR expert from Goldman McCormick PR told The Mirror that Ye's venture was "a very bad idea". Ryan said: "From a PR perspective, I think this is a very bad idea for Kanye and his brand. The backlash has already started among some long-time fans who are urging him to abandon this idea."
He added: "Kanye could see them and other customers immediately sever their relationship because they aren't fond of pornography. Getting into skin films will make it increasingly difficult for Kanye to appeal to the widest audience possible."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.