By REBECCA LAWRENCE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:47, 1 February 2024   |  Updated:  16:02, 1 February 2024   
 258
View  comments
Kanye West launched into another social media tirade on Thursday after his new sock shoes were ridiculed. 
The Yeezy Pod Socks, which have been widely mocked for looking like the wearer has stepped out without shoes, have just been made available to pre-order at a cost of $200. 
It marks Ye's first release independent from Adidas after the firm cut ties with the rapper and fashion designer in 2022 because of his antisemitic comments. 
Hours after wiping his Instagram account of all posts, the 46-year-old rapper took to his Stories to share a screenshot of a DM he'd sent designer Brittany Pierone after he claimed she appeared to mock his new product. 
Brittany, who formerly worked for Nike and is the founder of design studio Proof Of Concept, had days earlier shared a picture wearing the Yeezy Pod Socks in the wrong size, making it seem like they were clownishly big in nature. 
Kanye West launched into another social media tirade on Thursday after his new sock shoes were ridiculed after they were made available to pre-order at a cost of $200
Designer Brittany Pieron had  shared a picture wearing the Yeezy Pod Socks in the wrong size, making it seem like they were clownishly big in nature
The picture popped up on several Kanye fan pages, and despite Brittany revealing to a follower that there was no fit issue and it was just 'humour', Kanye soon caught wind of the images
Brittany formerly worked for Nike and is the founder of design studio Proof Of Concept
The picture quickly popped up on several Kanye fan pages, and despite Brittany revealing to a follower that there was no fit issue and it was just 'humour', Kanye soon caught wind of the images. 
Kanye was quick to message the designer and shared a picture of his message that read: 'What the f***k is wrong with you. Don't play with me like that. What adidas paid you to post that photo. 
'I've put so much work into every product and when I'm independent this is what you wanna post.'
Referencing a reporter who had asked him recently if he was 'controlling' his wife Bianca Censori, he added: 'You worse than the TMZ lady.' 
Offering fit advice, he continued: 'Get a size one. Don't play with me like that. It ain't funny. I worked for a year on these and put them out myself.'
He proceeded to launch into a series of unfounded claims as he added: 'Jordan wanted to do his own brand and Nike threatened Footlocker to pull all they shoes out the stores'
'Adidas copied all my s**t and treated me like s**t. adidas is suing me for 4 billion dollars and selling my shoes without paying me and they said I misused the marketing fund when I am the marketing
'That's why they sent me the money in the first place. You have no idea how much work. I've put in to everything we do.'
MailOnline has contacted Adidas for comment. 
Kanye referenced a reporter who had asked him recently if he was 'controlling' his wife Bianca Censori, he added: 'You worse than the TMZ lady'
Kanye offered fit advice and proceeded to launch into a series of unfounded claims
Bianca then responded to Kanye explaining her post had been reshared with a different caption, insisting to the rapper she found the product 'beautiful'
Kanye also posted a series of images wearing the Jason Voorhees hockey mask from the horror film series Friday the 13th
Bianca then responded to Kanye explaining her post had been reshared with a different caption, insisting to the rapper she found the product 'beautiful'. 
Satisfied with her response Kanye thanked her for her support, explaining: 'I put everything on the line and we're building everything from scratch. Your support is really appreciated.'  
In 2022 Adidas ended a major partnership with Kanye over his statements, discontinued the rapper's line of Yeezy shoes and moved up the planned departure of its CEO. 
In a statement at that time, the company said it 'does not tolerate antisemitism and any other sort of hate speech.'
It added his 'recent comments and actions have been unacceptable, hateful and dangerous, and they violate the company's values of diversity and inclusion, mutual respect and fairness.'
Days after Adidas parted ways with the rapper, court records showed that it demanded Yeezy return $75 million that had allegedly been deposited in its accounts. 
Yeezy refused and after a week of litigation, Adidas dropped a federal court case aimed at freezing the funds held by Yeezy, announcing they would pursue the money solely through private arbitration, Billboard reports. 
Kanye's footwear collaboration with Adidas, recorded sales of $1.7 billion [£1.37 billion] in 2021 and was forecast to break the $2 billion [£1.61 billion] mark in 2022. That made it responsible for almost 10 per cent of the firm's entire turnover. 
Adidas has now said it plans to sell its remaining Yeezy stock for 'at least' production value.
In 2022 Adidas ended a major partnership with Kanye over his statements, discontinued the rapper's line of Yeezy shoes and moved up the planned departure of its CEO

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group