7 min read

                            By continuing to use this website you agree to our terms and conditions. If you don't agree with our terms and conditions, you are not permitted to continue using this website.                        
Taylor Swift has once again made history in the music world. Her latest album, The Tortured Poets Department, reached the number-one spot on the Billboard 200 chart. 
And it’s a big deal for a couple of reasons. This album has been sitting at the top of the charts for 14 weeks since its release in April 2024. 
But perhaps the biggest news is that it ended Kanye West‘s impressive streak of 11 consecutive number-one albums. 
Kanye’s latest album, Vultures 2, which he made with Ty Dolla Sign, debuted at number two instead of number one, marking the first time in years that he didn’t take the top spot.
Taylor’s achievement is especially satisfying given her long and complicated history with Kanye West. 
Their rocky relationship began back in 2009 at the MTV Video Music Awards. 
That’s when Kanye interrupted Taylor’s acceptance speech, saying that Beyoncé deserved the award more. 
This moment became a huge pop culture event and started a feud that would last for years. 
Although they seemed to be on better terms at different points, things got worse again in 2016 when Kanye released his song Famous. 
In the song, he claimed that Taylor had given him permission to call her a disrespectful name, but Taylor denied it, leading to more public drama.
One of the reasons Taylor’s album The Tortured Poets Department did so well is because of her smart promotional tactics. 
She released several different versions of the album online, each with unique bonus tracks, and sold them for a low price. 
Fans were excited to get their hands on these exclusive versions, which included special recordings like a ‘first draft phone memo’ of one of her songs and live performances from her ongoing Eras Tour. 
She also sold an autographed CD version and ran special sales in her online store, all of which helped boost her album sales significantly.
Taylor’s album also led in overall album sales for the week and was second only to Morgan Wallen’s One Thing at a Time on the Top Streaming Albums chart.
This recent success is just one more highlight in Taylor Swift’s incredible career. 
With this album, she now holds the record for the most weeks at number one on the Billboard 200 chart for a solo artist, with 83 weeks total. 
She surpassed Elvis Presley, who held the record for 67 weeks. Taylor also ties with Jay-Z for the most number-one albums, each with 14. 
Her ability to consistently top the charts shows just how influential and beloved she is in the music world.
A post shared by Taylor Swift- news & updates ♡ (@taylahschildofficial)
Even though Kanye West’s new album didn’t reach the top spot, it still made headlines. 
One of the tracks on Vultures 2 includes lyrics that seem to reference Taylor Swift and her boyfriend, NFL player Travis Kelce. 
The line goes, “I twist my Taylor spliffs tight at the end like Travis Kelce.” This caused a stir, especially since the lyrics seem to bring up Taylor in a negative light once again. 
Travis Kelce’s father even responded to the lyric on social media, calling it a sign of Kanye’s mental struggles.
The feud between Taylor Swift and Kanye West has been one of the most talked-about rivalries in recent years. 
It all started in 2009 when Kanye interrupted Taylor at the VMAs, leading to a decade-long saga of public and private tensions. 
The feud simmered down for a while, but it flared up again in 2016 when Kanye released his song Famous and claimed Taylor approved controversial lyrics about her. 
Taylor denied ever giving permission, which led to more public arguments, including one where Kanye’s then-wife, Kim Kardashian, released a phone call between Kanye and Taylor. 
This led to Kim referring to Taylor as a “snake” on social media, which added even more fuel to the fire.
One of the reasons Taylor Swift has been able to maintain her success is her ability to take painful experiences and turn them into music that is loved by her fans.
After the public drama with Kanye and Kim, Taylor channeled her emotions into her work. 
She talked about how the experience of being publicly shamed and “canceled” by millions of people was incredibly isolating. 
But instead of letting it break her, Taylor used it as inspiration to write songs like “This is Why We Can’t Have Nice Things” and “Look What You Made Me Do.“
These tracks allowed her to tell her side of the story and connect with fans who may have gone through similar challenges.
Taylor Swift broke Kanye West’s streak of 11 consecutive number-one albums on the Billboard 200 chart. Her latest album, The Tortured Poets Department, debuted at number one, ending Kanye’s long-running streak.
Taylor Swift’s album The Tortured Poets Department sold 142,000 equivalent album units in the U.S. during the week ending August 8, 2024. 
This impressive figure secured the album’s number-one spot on the Billboard 200 chart for the 14th time since its release.
Kanye West’s album Vultures 2 debuted at number two on the Billboard 200 chart, selling around 107,000 equivalent album units in its first week. 
Although it didn’t reach number one, it still marked Kanye’s 13th time in the top two spots.

                                Lover of hiking, biking, horror movies, cats and camping. Writer at Wide Open Country, Holler and Nashville Gab.                            
Lucky you! This thread is empty, 
				which means you've got dibs on the first comment. Go for it!
Name 
Comment

                We appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback about this page with us.                 
                Whether it's praise for something good, or ideas to improve something that
                isn't quite right, we're excited to hear from you.                

					@ Copyright Nashville Gab 2008-2025 all rights reserved.				

                    Stay up to date with all the latest Country news delivered to your inbox. 100% FREE