Kim Kardashian and Bianca Censori's recent meeting at Kanye West's listening party doesn't signify friendship but instead a "business transaction", according to an expert.
The reality star, 43, was married to rapper Kanye West, 46, from 2014 until 2021 when she filed for divorce from him. And following their divorce getting finalised in November 2022, the rapper went on to marry Australian model Bianca, 29.
Earlier this week, the two similar-looking women stepped out side-by-side to support North West - Kim and Kanye's eldest child - at Kanye's Vultures listening party in Los Angeles. The duo sat together and cheered as 10-year-old North took to the stage.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian mistaken for Kanye West's new wife Bianca Censori as she 'morphs' into her
But now we can reveal that according to a skilled psychic, " Kim and Bianca's meeting isn't a friendship at all, it's a business transaction," following a Tarot reading that was carried out exclusively for The Mirror.
"From Kim's perspective, she'll give anything a go," Inbaal revealed, adding: "When she's not sure if something would benefit her or not, she'll try it out anyway, just in case. The idea to meet up with Bianca was floated by someone else, and she weighed it up."
Pulling Tarot cards in relation to the meeting, Kim got the 2 of Disks, a card that proclaims that the only constant thing is change. "Kim just met up with Bianca once, she might not meet her again for a long time," Inbaal revealed, noting: "There was no specific agenda to their meeting, but Kim wanted to see whether it could somehow benefit the two of them to chat."
Meanwhile, from Bianca's perspective, "she's interested in anyone and anything that can promote her". Inbaal said that as the model and architect climbs the ladder of life, "she's hoping to meet people on the way up, hoping to never ever be on the way down".
For Bianca, the Tarot that Inbaal pulled was the Prince of Wands, a card that speaks of leaving the past in the past. "Bianca has goals and dreams. If Kim can help her get to her goals, that would be great", Inbaal concluded.
Comments from Inbaal Honigman, celebrity psychic, in association with free Tarot platform Tarotoo https://tarotoo.com.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.