By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:09, 18 April 2024   |  Updated:  18:09, 18 April 2024   
 431
View  comments
Kim Kardashian's company SKIMS shared new images on Thursday from her SWIM summer 2024 line.
The best shot was of the ex-wife of Kanye West in a strappy snakeskin print two piece bikini that made the most of her toned tummy and abs.
'The boldest string bikini. Leave an imprint in our limited edition Snake Print, coming in new and signature SKIMS Swim styles,' the caption read from the blockbuster brand.
The next caption accidentally revealed what size the 5ft2in siren wears: turns out it is an XS. 
'@KimKardashian wears the SKIMS Swim Triangle Top and Dipped Tie Bottom, size XS, in Snake Print,' the SKIMS caption explained.
In the past, Kim has not talked much about her size or weight too much, though she is thought to be 116lbs with a 24in waistline. 
The images were taken by British photographer Nick Knight.
Kim Kardashian's company shared new images on Thursday from her SKIMS SWIM summer 2024 line. The best shot was of the ex-wife of Kanye West in a strappy snakeskin print two piece bikini that made the most of her toned tummy and abs. 'The boldest string bikini. Leave an imprint in our limited edition Snake Print, coming in new and signature SKIMS Swim styles,' the caption read
The next caption revealed that the 5ft2in siren is a size XS. '@KimKardashian wears the SKIMS Swim Triangle Top and Dipped Tie Bottom, size XS, in Snake Print,' the SKIMS caption read. The images were taken by British photographer Nick Knight
The note made it clear that Kim is an XS. Most XS sizes fit people who are about 5ft3in and around 115lbs or less
The 43-year-old fashion designer, last seen with her mother on Saturday, looked like she was about to bust out of the snakeskin bathing suit.
The looker - who has a 24inch waistline - had had on one look that consisted of a bandeau top and plain briefs that made the most of her incredible curves. 
The ex-wife of Kanye West also had on a red and black number that showed off her abs. And there was a snakeskin print as well that had a bikini top, bottoms and a jacket.
It appeared to be a mix and match collection with red triangle tops being paired with snakeskin briefs and skirts.
'KIMS SWIM @nick_knight, styled by @carineroitfeld,' wrote the star to her 364M Instagram followers.
The American Horror Story actress was wearing her dark hair down and wet as she had on red lipstick.
But the main focus was on her knockout and very toned figure as she showed off her abs, tiny waistline, sculpted legs and muscular arms while making the most of her bathing suits.
The ex of Pete Davidson gave her best Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Edition poses to help hawk the swimwear collection.
She said in her Instagram caption, '@SKIMS Swim is finally coming back! KIMS SWIM @nick_knight, styled by @carineroitfeld.'
This black bikini set had a top with sleeves and a skirt that was pushed down past her hips
The Hidden Hills, California resident got likes from sisters Kourtney, Khloe and Kylie as well as pals Sofia Vergara, Chrishell Stause and Nicole Williams. 
The reality TV icon - who is currently starring on Hulu's The Kardashians with mom Kris Jenner and siblings Kourtney, Khloe, Kendall and Kylie - is also seen in a red one-piece swimsuit.
Her first SKIMS Swim collection was launched in March 2022. 
The fashion icon flaunted her pert cleavage in a triangle string top and matching bottoms as waves softly crashed around her under a moonlit shoreline for the shoot.
She said at the time: 'You've asked, we've listened. @SKIMS SWIM launches this Friday, March 18 at 9AM PT.'
This cut-out snakeskin suit in black, brown and orange had a matching skirt; she has a 24in waistline
It appeared to be a mix and match collection with red triangle tops being paired with snakeskin briefs
The designer looked like she was about to bust out of the black snakeskin and ruby red bathing suits that were perhaps a size or two too small for her already petite body
The reality TV star modeled multiple designs from the first swim collection, enticing her followers. 
'I am so excited for you guys to see swim, it's so insane,' she said while taking on Instagram Stories. 
'I really wanted pieces for every single body.
'So if you wanted to cover up and use a sarong, if you want to cover your arms, you can, if you want a triangle top or to fully cover your chest, different kind of bottoms — you just pick and choose.
'It's like Lego pieces … You can hide the pieces you want to hide and accentuate the ones [you want to accentuate],' she added.
There was also a 1970s inspired halter dress with a cut out over her chest in a snakeskin print with a long tie
She modeled the dress while in her Hidden Hills, California mansion as well
And there was a snakeskin print as well that had a bikini top, bottoms and a jacket. 'KIMS SWIM @nick_knight, styled by @carineroitfeld,' wrote the star to her 364M Instagram followers
SKIMS is an American shapewear and clothing brand co-founded by Kim, Emma Grede and Jens Grede in June 2019.
Skims has a focus on body positivity and inclusivity across the brand and practice inclusive sizing. The company was valued at over $3.2 billion in January 2022. 
This camapign is being released after Kardashian and Odell Beckham Jr have split up.
The reality TV star and the Americal Football player enjoyed a six-month romance but are said to have now called time on the relationship.
A source told MailOnline: 'They're not seeing each other anymore right now.'
The split will come as a surprise as Odell, 31, who is currently a free agent, was reportedly set on a move to the Kansas City Chiefs in order to be closer to Kim, who is based in Los Angeles.
A source previously told DailyMail.com: 'Odell is a free agent and is looking to sign with a team that will get him closer to LA to be closer to Kim.
Kardashian at the 10th Annual Breakthrough Prize Ceremony at Academy Museum of Motion Pictures on April 13 in Los Angeles
'He loved his time with Baltimore and may sign with them again, but he has many more options and he is now going to use his personal life as a means of supporting his professional life.
'Kim and Odell are firing on all cylinders and it is very simple right now between them because she can still do her thing, be a mom and he can do his thing.
'There is no wedding bells to consider, it is just fun and physical right now. He would love to be closer to Kim as he sees a future with her.'
'Odell might sign with the Chiefs.'
Kim shares four children - North, 10, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four - with her ex-husband Kanye West, while Odell has son Zydn, two, with his ex-girlfriend Lauren Wood.
Something has changed facially that I can&apos;t q...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group