Kanye West's recent antics "undoubtedly has implications for his brand and public image", claims a leading Hollywood PR expert.
The Bound 2 rapper has made headlines for all the wrong reasons in recent weeks, from a fight with the paparazzi to sharing a flurry of near-naked photographs of his wife Bianca Censori on Instagram – but how is all of this going to affect his reputation?
Courtney Haywood, the principle publicist at Haywood Agency Partners of 14 years, tells The Mirror that recent reports will have "long-term" implications, making reference to Ye's negative press running all the way back to May 2018, involving Donald Trump.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West's recent street bust-up with reporter left him feeling 'furious and hurt'
Haywood explained: "Kanye West's outburst at a TMZ reporter undoubtedly has implications for his brand and public image. From a PR perspective, this incident could have both short-term and long-term effects on how he is perceived by the public and media outlets. As we know this is not his first rodeo with going off on a TMZ reporter.
"Let's rewind it back to May 2018, where Kanye totally stir up the newsroom over slavery, Trump, along with Free Thought. Ironically, the outburst just hit the same day an insider according to the NY Post, told the Daily Mail that Kanye keeps Censori, his wife from using social media. In the short term, this incident could further damage Kanye West's reputation as it portrays him in a negative light, potentially alienating him further from some of his fans, brands, and supporters.
"The aggressive behavior towards a member of the media can be seen as unprofessional and disrespectful, which may lead to backlash and criticism from the public but at this time I think the public is 'used to' Kanye's behavior."
Ye was caught on camera snatching a TMZ reporter's mobile phone when he was asked about his wife Bianca having any freedom. He then launched into an expletive-filled rant at the journalist, going into detail about his kids shared with ex Kim Kardashian.
Courtney added: "From a PR perspective, it will be crucial for Kanye West and his team to address the situation promptly and effectively, in terms of "getting ahead" of the fire that is already burning. A sincere apology or explanation for his actions may help mitigate some of the damage to his brand. Additionally, demonstrating a commitment to improving his behavior and handling of media interactions in the future could help rebuild trust with his audience, brands, and the media.
"However, the long-term impact of this incident will depend on Kanye West's ability to learn from this experience and make positive changes moving forward. If he continues to exhibit similar behavior or fails to address the issue adequately, it could have lasting consequences for his brand and reputation.
"Ultimately, it will be essential for Kanye West to take responsibility for his actions, apologize where necessary, and demonstrate a genuine commitment to personal and professional growth in order to mitigate the negative PR fallout from this incident."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.