AllHipHop
AllHipHop
Kanye West wears the shirt of a Neo-Nazi, church burning, death metal rock act as he us rumored to be apologizing to the jewish community. 

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Yo, fam! Let’s talk!
We have to talk about Kanye West‘s latest fashion move. It’s no secret that Ye loves to stir the pot, but his recent choice of wardrobe has me confused. We’re talking about that Burzum shirt he rocked in a recent picture with JPEGMAFIA. So Burzum is a death metal band with a backstory as heavy AF. Let us get into it. 
First up, who’s Burzum? For those not in the loop, Burzum is a one-man death metal act founded by Varg Vikernes. This dude’s not just about metal riffs and dark lyrics; he’s infamous for some real life crap that I just can’t rock with. Vikernes, back in the ’90s, was convicted for burning down churches. And not just any churches—we’re talking about historical ones in Norway. To keep it real, he claimed it wasn’t Satanism driving him but “revenge” against Christian desecration of Viking sites. Do you believe that? By the way, he was also convicted of murder and arson and subsequently served 15 years in prison. Let us go a bit farther. 
A post shared by • BAEPEGMAFIA • (@jpegmafia)
Kanye West, known for his unapologetic and often controversial statements, decides to wear a Burzum shirt in this JPEGMAFIA photoshoot. He’s been in the spotlight for his antisemitic comments and now, he’s about to apologize to the Jewish community. The irony? Vikernes is known not just for his arson spree but also for writing for neo-Nazi publications. In the early 2000s, the guy was regularly contributing to a magazine associated with the neo-pagan, neo-Nazi group Vigrid.
The plot thickens. Vikernes, who moved to France, got charged by French authorities for inciting racial hatred against Jews and Muslims. And here’s Kanye West donning a shirt representing this guy. Coincidence? Strategy? You tell me. I can’t call it. 
Here’s the kicker—I never even heard of this Vikernes dude until today. But Kanye, being Kanye, knows exactly what he’s doing. He’s no stranger to controversy, and wearing a Burzum shirt is like throwing gasoline on a fire. It’s a statement, whether calculated or just Ye being Ye. This sure is different than “Jesus Walks” Kanye West. 
So, what’s the deal with Kanye and this shirt? Is he trying to send a message, stir up the pot or just rocking a death metal shirt without the heavy backstory? As always, Kanye keeps us guessing. Mr. West knows how to keep people on their toes.
What do y’all think about Kanye’s fashion statement?
-illseed out
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity