Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Kim Kardashian says she wants to reunite with Odell Beckham Jr. so she can have the 'over-the-top-fame that Taylor Swift has with her NFL boyfriend, Travis Kelce.
July 12 2024, Published 8:02 p.m. ET
Kim Kardashian is desperate to rekindle her relationship with Miami Dolphins wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. believing it will put her back in the spotlight the way Taylor Swift is always front and center thanks to her relationship with NFL player, Travis Kelce, RadarOnline.com has learned.
The 43-year-old reality TV star apparently doesn’t seem to think that love should factor into the equation when it comes to being the center of attention. 
Life & Style was the first to report her decidedly non-romantic intentions, with a source telling the outlet, “She sees an opportunity. Specifically, Kim wants the over-the-top fame that dating an NFL player has brought Taylor Swift!”
It’s not surprising that Kim would find herself in yet another beef with the billionaire pop star, which began when Kim and her then-husband, Kanye West, secretly recorded a conversation he was having with the singer about his song Famous.
Kim is hoping to lure back Odell Beckham Jr. ahead of the new football season, which begins on Sept. 5. 
Kanye claimed that Swift, 34, signed off on a line in the song, which referred to their MTV Music Awards moment in 2009, where he stormed the stage and infamously yelled that Beyonce should have won "Best Female Video" over the Anti-Hero singer. 
In the song, he sings, "I made that b---- famous."
Recently, with the release of her new album, The Tortured Poets Department, in April, Swift included a diss track referencing their ongoing feud called thanK you aIMee, with the capital letters clearly meant to spell out KIM.
Kim's beef with Taylor dates back to when her at-the-time husband, Kanye West, secretly recorded a conversation he was having with the singer about his song 'Famous.'
Then, at one of her London performances last month of her worldwide Eras Tour, Swift played the song live. 
She thanked the crowd for coming to the show before taking a moment in between songs to say, “On the other hand, it really makes me think about how every time someone talks s---, it just makes me work even harder and it makes me even tougher. So, it also makes me incredibly thankful for those people,” she said, before launching into a rendition of thanK you aIMee.
This latest clapback from Taylor may have fueled Kim’s desire to get back together with her former NFL beau. 
According to Life & Style’s tattler, Kim misses the power couple stardom she enjoyed with Kanye. If, she can somehow hook him before football season starts on Sept. 5, “It’d be a win-win for Kim,” the source said.
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce have been inseparable and are so worried about their upcoming time apart that they've been spending $100K a day on their romance. 
“She gets him back and takes some of that thunder away from Taylor.”
Swift has been happily in a relationship with Kansas City Chiefs tight end, Kelce, 34, since last summer. The couple went public with their relationship in September 2023 and rumors are flying thick and fast that a wedding is imminent. 
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
Meanwhile, Kim is currently in India, with her sister, Khloe, to attend the multi-million dollar nuptials of Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant.
Never one to miss an opportunity to be in the spotlight, the sisters have brought along an entire production crew to document their adventures, most likely for an upcoming episode of their Hulu show The Kardashians.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.