By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:06, 25 March 2024   |  Updated:  14:41, 25 March 2024   
 525
View  comments
Kanye West and wife Bianca Censori commanded attention on Sunday as they stopped by The Grove in Los Angeles.
The couple — Kanye, 46, and Bianca, 29 — headed to AMC Theatre where they reportedly saw Dune 2 starring Timothée Chalamet and Zendaya.
Bianca arrived wearing a strapless robin's egg blue bodysuit over lacy white pantyhose.
The Australia-bred bombshell put on a very busty display in the straight and low-cut piece, which was cut out at the back.
She rounded out the look with a pair of open-toe white heels with a perspex strap. 
Kanye West and wife Bianca Censori commanded attention on Sunday as they stopped by The Grove in Los Angeles
Bianca arrived wearing a strapless robin's egg blue bodysuit over lacy white pantyhose
The Australia-bred bombshell put on a very busty display in the straight and low-cut piece, which was cut out at the back
Bianca, who is stepmom to Kanye's four kids, wore her short, dark hair in her go-to style: a tiny, slicked bun.
Her eyebrows were bleached slightly lighter than the hair on her head and she appeared to wear a light face of makeup.
For his part, the Yeezy designer wore an all-black outfit consisting of a hooded sweatshirt layered over a T-shirt.
He added parachute pants and a pair of black Nike Air Force One sneakers. 
Censori, who studied architecture before joining the rapper's Yeezy brand as a designer, appeared to be in good spirits.
The young beauty flashed her wide smile throughout the outing.
After their movie date at the Grove, they made their way to Westfield Mall in Century City, where they grabbed a bite to eat at Din Tai Fung. The eatery is known for their soup dumplings as well as noodle dishes.
West shares four children — North, 10; Saint, eight; Chicago, six; and Psalm, four — with ex-wife Kim Kardashian.
The Sunday trip to the movies came after Ye and Bianca took the Chicago-raised music artist's firstborn out to dinner on Saturday night. 
The couple — Kanye, 46, and Bianca, 29 — headed to AMC Theatre where they went to watch Dune 2 starring Timothee Chalamet and Zendaya
She rounded out the look with a pair of open-toe white heels with a perspex strap
Bianca, who is stepmom to Kanye's four kids, wore her short, dark hair in her go-to style: a tiny, slicked bun
For his part, the Yeezy designer wore an all-black outfit consisting of a hooded sweatshirt layered over a T-shirt
Bianca's eyebrows were bleached slightly lighter than the hair on her head and she appeared to wear a light face of makeup
The couple interlocked fingers during their Southern California outing
West added parachute pants and a pair of black Nike Air Force One sneakers
Bianca tucked her phone underneath her arm as she decided to skip a purse
The Sunday trip to the movies came after Ye and Bianca took the Chicago-raised music artist's daughter North out to dinner on Saturday night
Bianca, who studied architecture, made her way to an electronic kiosk
Bianca confidently strutted in her heels
The couple pored through their movie options together
West shares four children — North, 10, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four — with ex-wife Kim Kardashian, but he and wife Bianca were kid-free on Sunday
Kanye rocked his hair in a very low cut and sported a full, bushy beard
Bianca skipped jewelry except for a stack of small hoops in her left ear and two understated rings
Kanye and Bianca held hands as they crossed a street at the outdoor shopping mall. The two were spotted walking past Marmalade Cafe
Bianca did not leave the Vultures artist's side as they enjoyed their time out
Also on Saturday, Kanye took to his Instagram Stories to share a video of him and Bianca shopping for cars.
The pair — who tied the knot in 2022 — were recorded visiting a car dealership, as Censori sat inside a white Porsche.
In February, a source told DailyMail.com that Kardashian asked for Bianca, who has become known for her racy fashion, to 'cover up' when she is around her four children.
'Kim instructed Kanye to never let Bianca dress like that around their kids,' the insider stated. 'She is truly surprised that Kanye would let his wife leave the house like that.'
'Kanye did the same thing he is doing with Bianca to Kim throughout their marriage. The difference is that when Kanye dressed Kim, he was respected as a person – as an artist.'
'Unfortunately, Kim knows what Bianca is going through — but she feels Bianca should have known what she was getting into,' the source continued.
Kim and Kanye tied the knot in 2014 and their divorce was finalized in 2022.
Last week sources told DailyMail.com that both the rapper and Bianca have been asked by her father, Leo, to fly to Australia in order to address his concerns over her X-rated makeover.
'Kanye has been invited to go to Australia and Bianca is hesitant to allow this to happen because she knows how her father will react,' the insider stated.
Onlookers were spotted gazing at the pair
Bianca adjusted her bodysuit
She was seen checking her phone
The duo kept close and Censori flashed her megawatt smile again and again
Each half of the couple wore their wedding rings as they stepped out
After their movie date at the Grove, they made their way to Westfield Mall in Century City
Kanye took off his hoodie and sported a black t-shirt
The duo appeared in good spirits amid their busy day 
The duo grabbed a bite to eat at Din Tai Fung
They rode on the escalator 
Bianca turned heads with her eye-popping look
Bianca didn't appear to be cold, despite the evening hour
Kanye shielded his eyes with a pair of shades
His wife held onto his arm
The pair navigated the parking lot
'Her dad still plans to have a sit-down with Kanye, and Leo will not be intimidated by Kanye's power or control. No one is expecting this to be all rainbows and family portraits,' the person added.
Censori's mother, Alexandra, recently flew out to Los Angeles in order to assess the situation for herself and 'save' her daughter.
'Bianca's father was not necessarily pleased with his wife's visit to see their daughter because he feels like she enabled Bianca to continue doing what she is doing,' the insider spilled.
'Yes, Bianca dressed provocatively while her mother was there, but it was nothing in comparison to some of the outfits she has worn prior to and since the visit.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group