Kanye West has deleted his social media accounts just 24 hours after announcing a racy new venture under his Yeezy branding.
The controversial 46-year-old rapper revealed he was planning on launching "Yeezy Porn", his new adult entertainment project on Wednesday (April 24). However, after suffering an online backlash, the ex-husband of Kim Kardashian swiftly removed his Instagram and X (formerly Twitter) profiles.
Ye previously threatened to deactivate the accounts in March, following a rant about Kim's choice of school for their children. Resisting the urge, however, he remained online until criticism of his reported plans with Stormy Daniel's ex-husband Mike Moz surfaced.
READ MORE: Kanye West 'confirms' adult Yeezy sex site as horrified fans beg 'don't do it'
READ MORE: Kanye West wants to open Yeezy Porn studio with Stormy Daniels' despite his 'habit'
Kanye had previously penned on Instagram that "Yeezy Porn is c***ing", whilst TMZ claimed the new project would begin later this year.
It was also reported that the Yeezy porn studio would also launch a "broader adult entertainment division". Kanye's clothing brand is said to be serving as the parent company.
"Yeezy what???" penned one of the rapper's followers in disgust to his news. Another quipped that they "miss the old Kanye", whilst a third begged: "Kanye please stop embarrassing me, being a fan has been absolutely humiliating for like 10 years."
Since at least 2007, Mike has been an art director in the adult film industry, notably working on Operation: Desert Stormy, whose star Stormy Daniels he tied the knot with during that year. Kanye, meanwhile, confessed to struggling with a porn addiction in 2019, sharing that his fascination with adult content started at the age of five.
"For me, Playboy was my gateway into full on pornography addiction. My dad had a Playboy left out at age five and it's affected almost every choice I made for the rest of my life," he told Zane Lowe on Apple Music's Beats 1 Radio.
"From age five till now, having to kick the habit and it just presents itself in the open like it's OK and I stand up and say: 'No, it's not OK'."
Three years after his admission, while embroiled in a bitter dispute with ex Kim regarding their children's education, he claimed that pornography had "destroyed" his family.
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.