Bianca Censori sported another daring outfit choice as she was seen rocking wild pink hair and exposing her bum in a sheer nude leotard as she stepped out with Kanye West for fashion week.
As Bianca and Kanye sat front row for the Prototypes Menswear Spring/Summer 2025 show runway show in Paris, all eyes were on the curvy model as she stepped out in one of her classic X-rated looks. While the pair sat on the sidelines for the fashion show, Bianca turned heads as she sported a revealing see-through bodysuit and went pantsless exposing both her nipples and bare bum.
Bianca's daring display was also an object of attendees attention as the two showed up fashionably late for the show, leaving everyone to watch the pair find their way to their seats. And while Bianca usually rocks a short pixie cut, she switched things up for the outing wearing an eye-catching bright pink curly wig.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Bianca Censori risks wardrobe malfunction in pants-less see-through cloak at dinner with Kanye West
READ MORE: Suri Cruise stuns in corset dress and sky-high heels as she holds hands with prom date in NYC in pics
As for Kanye, the Vultures hitmaker changed up his usual look up a bit as well as he was seen completely covering up his face for the event drawing all the attention to his wife. At the fashion show, Kanye was seen wearing an all-white beekeeper-like outfit featuring a baggy sweatsuit paired with a white face mask. The controversial rapper accessorized the eccentric look with matching white gloves and his hoodie pulled up over his head.
As the pair drew attention to themselves with their eccentric outfit choices, Bianca appeared to be in high spirits throughout the show. In the snaps, the 29-year-old Australian architect was all smiles as she entered hand-in-hand with the rapper as they navigated the bustling crowd together. And while Kanye was seen checking his phone throughout the event, Bianca didn't seem to be bothered as she happily smiled and chatted with him in the audience.
The pair were last spotted sharing a romantic candle-lit dinner together at the lavish Il Palagio restaurant in Florence. During the date, the couple again drew attention as Bianca sported an odd outfit choice, wearing a bizarre white cloak as the rapper filmed videos of his wife strutting around the table.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.