By NOVA M BAJAMONTI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:48, 15 January 2024   |  Updated:  21:42, 15 January 2024   
 171
View  comments
A 50-year-old lawyer has spent $500,000 on plastic surgery to look like Kim Kardashian.
Ana Paula Oliveira, who is also a model and influencer, is no stranger to receiving attention for her looks - having racked up more than 1.2 million followers on Instagram.
The social media star, from Brazil, believes she already held a 'genetic' similarity to the billionaire businesswoman, 43, before going under the knife.
She has so far splashed out half a million dollars to emulate her idol by undergoing two liposuctions, three breast implants and semi-permanent filler in her face. 
Ana Paula Oliveira, who is also a model and influencer, has spent $500,000 on plastic surgery to look like Kim Kardashian. Pictured: Ana before (left) and after (right) surgery
She is no stranger to receiving attention for her looks - having racked up more than 1.2 million followers on Instagram 
She has so far splashed out half a million dollars to emulate her idol by undergoing two liposuctions, three breast implants and semi-permanent filler in her face. Pictured: Ana before (left) and after (right) surgery
'My similarity with Kim Kardashian is genetic. We already had similar faces and hair and I didn't originally have surgery thinking about looking like Kim or anyone else,' Ana explained.
'But I started to notice the similarity after I had my two liposuctions and three breast implants.
'Now, when I go shopping people will say, "You have the Kim Kardashian body," or "You look like Kim K."'
Ana takes any comments about the duo's similarities as a big compliment and is flattered to be compared to such a big name.
'I also receive a lot of messages saying that I look like Kim Kardashian but I'm very far from Kim's beauty.
'It's great to know that some people think I look like her - she is a symbol of beauty!'
The model plans to continue having surgeries - no matter the cost, adding: 'Whenever I deem it necessary, I will undergo procedures.
'I believe that as time passes, it will be necessary to resort to more surgeries [but] at the moment I have no plans as of yet.'
The social media star (left), from Brazil, believes she already held a 'genetic' similarity to Kim (right) before going under the knife 
The model plans to continue having surgeries - no matter the cost, adding: 'Whenever I deem it necessary, I will undergo procedures'
In another similarity to Kanye West's ex-wife, who is in law school, Ana is a trained lawyer and graduated three years ago from the University of Canoas, Brazil 
She continued: 'Over the years, [women's] skin is no longer the same, so there's no way around it, we have to seek help with treatments! 
'The surgeries are also a result of my work, some of them my husband gave me as a gift.'
In another similarity to Kanye West's ex-wife, who is in law school, Ana is a trained lawyer and graduated three years ago from the University of Canoas, Brazil.
'I work in the areas of family law, succession, divorces and alimony.
'I am glad that me and Kim are both in this line of work because there is an issue that beautiful women do not match intelligence.
'This is something that needs to be changed, women can be beautiful and intelligent!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group