By AMELIA WYNNE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:36, 15 October 2024   |  Updated:  12:40, 15 October 2024   
 20
View  comments
Kanye West attempted to keep a low profile during a shopping trip in Tokyo on Tuesday after a tumultuous few weeks.
The rapper, 47, wore dark shades and wore his hood up as he picked up a few items including a plaid shirt.
He is currently in Tokyo with his wife Bianca Censori though she seemed absent on the clothes shopping excursion.
It come amid claims the pair's alleged marital troubles were a publicity stunt manufactured by the rapper to overshadow the bombshell lawsuit brought against him by his former assistant Lauren Pisciotta.
Kanye was said to be heading for divorce last week, less than two years after marrying Australian architect Censori, 29, amid claims they had 'drifted apart.'
Kanye West attempted to keep a low profile during a shopping trip in Tokyo on Tuesday after a tumultuous few weeks
The rapper, 47, wore dark shades and wore his hood up as he picked up a few items including a plaid shirt
But just hours later, the unlikely couple appeared to confirm they were still together as they engaged in PDA in Tokyo.
Now, insiders have suggested that the stunt was concocted in a desperate bid to distract from claims that West drugged and raped Pisciotta at a party with Sean 'Diddy' Combs, who is currently awaiting trial behind bars for sex trafficking and racketeering among others.
'Kanye is concerned that his new lawsuit will drag him down to Diddy's level and he has been speaking to his legal reps,' the insider told DailyMail.com.
'He is paying attention to what is going on with Diddy and some believe that the publicity stunt was a way of overshadowing the details of the harrowing lawsuit.'
Influencer and former OnlyFans star Pisciotta sued West in June for allegedly sexually harassing and stalking her while she worked for him between 2021 and 2022.
He dismissed the accusations as 'baseless' and accused her of 'blackmail and extortion.'
But on Friday night, Pisciotta filed a new 88-page updated lawsuit which detailed the rapper's alleged sick sexual obsessions, and his fetish for wanting to sleep with the mothers of his sexual targets.
He allegedly sent Pisciotta a screenshot on September 28, 2022 – two months before he secretly married Censori – of a text conversation between him and the Australian native about wanting to have sex with her mother Alexandra.
He is currently in Tokyo with his wife Bianca Censori though she seemed absent on the clothes shopping excursion
He was seen buying this shirt at the store
It come amid claims the pair 's alleged marital troubles were a publicity stunt manufactured by the rapper to overshadow the bombshell lawsuit brought against him by his former assistant Lauren Pisciotta 
Lauren claims that Kanye drugged and raped her at a party with Sean 'Diddy' Combs in a new 88-page lawsuit 
'I wanna f**k your mum,' he allegedly wrote to Censori. 'Before she leaves.'
According to the filing, he asked Pisciotta: 'Should I add I meant I want you to watch me f**k your mom'.
Censori was in the US on a work visa at the time, and her mother was visiting Los Angeles from their native Australia.
Pisciotta claimed Censori, who started working for West's Yeezy brand in 2020, responded to his texts by declining the offer.
Alexandra said she wouldn't be drawn into the latest claims about her son-in-law and asked for privacy when questioned by the Daily Mail in Ivanhoe, Melbourne on Monday.
West allegedly sent a text message to Pisciotta two weeks prior on September 13 about an 'A-list fashion model' he was 'determined' to have sex with, and requested she model for his sunglasses campaign.
The lawsuit also claimed he often had sex with employees and a 'rotating list of guests' in his Yeezy offices-turned-'sexual playground.'
Censori would reportedly act as his 'orgy coordinator' and willingly participated in his 'twisted sexual fantasies.'
Pisciotta also claimed West once grabbed her by the throat in front of an 'unfazed' Censori.
The lawsuit also laid bare the full horror of his neo-Nazi views that included hate-filled rants and forcing staff to draw swastikas.
West, who has four young children with his ex-wife Kim Kardashian, has yet to respond to the updated lawsuit.
In June, Piciotta's initial lawsuit claimed she was hired as the musician's 'Executive Assistant/Personal Assistant' in July 2021 with an annual salary of $1million, on the condition she quit OnlyFans and was available to him '24-7,' which she reportedly accepted.
She also claimed the controversial star hounded her with explicit messages and, in one incident, masturbated in front of her.
Pisciotta claimed she was terminated from the company in October 2022, one month after she claimed she was promoted to Chief of Staff for West's various companies and was informed she would receive an additional $3million - which West allegedly never delivered.
Another unnamed former Yeezy employee claimed in a separate lawsuit that West instructed him to get private investigators to 'tail' his wife while she was abroad and claims excessive use of nitrous oxide led to 'erratic behavior' by the star.
Pisciotta's lawsuit includes an alleged screenshot of a text conversation between West and Censori about wanting to have sex with her mother Alexandra
The lawsuit also claimed West often had sex with Yeezy employees and a 'rotating list of guests' and that Censori would reportedly act as his 'orgy coordinator' 
The Vultures rapper married Censori in December 2022, just one month after his divorce from Kardashian was finalized.
Concerns were soon raised for the designer after she was pictured in a string of bizarre and increasingly provocative outfits. 
Her parents reportedly felt 'tricked' by their daughter who they truly believed was finally leaving West, before she seemingly reneged on the decision last week.
'They can't understand what is happening and feel that she is being controlled,' a source told DailyMail.com. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group