Tickets are currently on sale for the listening experience. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	Ye — the artist formerly known as Kanye West — and Ty Dolla $ign are taking their talents to Egypt next month. 

	The rapper announced on Wednesday (March 20) that the next Vultures listening experience will be taking place at the Step Pyramid of Djoser on April 20. The show is set for a tentative start time of 8 p.m. locally in the desert of Saqqara, Egypt. There aren’t any other details regarding the show available at this time, but tickets are currently on sale. If the pair go through with it, Ye and Ty will be some of the first in rap to perform at the pyramids. 

	Travis Scott attempted to put together a show at Egypt’s nearby Great Pyramid of Giza last summer, but plans were eventually scrapped due to “production issues” after the Egyptian Musicians Syndicate reportedly revoked La Flame’s license to perform, citing “rituals” surrounding his artistic values that they believed contradicted Middle Eastern culture.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Kanye West		
					






















	
		
					Ty Dolla $ign		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“After examining social media opinions and feedback, as well as the news circulating on search engines and social media platforms, which included authenticated images and information about peculiar rituals performed by the star during his performance, contradicting our authentic societal values and traditions, the Syndicate’s president and board of directors have decided to cancel the license issued for hosting this type of concert, which goes against the cultural identity of the Egyptian people,” the Syndicate said at the time. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	Scott pushed back against the notion and voiced that his music is meant to “unite” his fans around the globe. “Nothing could be further from the truth,” he replied in a statement last year. “My only intent with live performances is to unite people around the world over a shared bond in music.”

	Only a few American artists have ever had the chance to perform at the pyramids, including the Grateful Dead in 1978 and Mariah Carey, who brought her five-octave vocal range to the Middle East in 2010. 

	On the rap side, Russ performed at the Pyramids of Giza in 2022. He’s also been spotted with Ye at various stops throughout the Vultures rollout.

	After Ye and Ty Dolla earned a No. 1 album atop the Billboard 200 and “Carnival” topped the Billboard Hot 100, the Vultures duo is rolling into the sequel. However, Vultures 2‘s arrival remains murky after earlier tentative release date in March came and went.

	Find Ye’s announcement below.

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.