Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 Sharon Osbourne has spoken up about her husband Ozzy's feud with Kanye West, as the duo used to be friends, but now they're not talking due to content Kanye put on social media. 
Kanye was kicked off most of his social media for saying antisemitic messages, and also got in trouble for posting private photos of his new wife Bianca Censori. The feud with the Osbourne's started when Kanye wanted to use some music from Ozzy's band Black Sabbath. Ozzy refused and called Kanye an "antisemite" because of the content that he had posted online. 
Kanye has since apologised in various formats for some of the content he has shared, including a long video to explain himself. Sharon has now opened up on her family's fight with Kanye as she chatted with her son Jack on their family podcast before she went to stay in the Celebrity Big Brother house. 
Sharron says her family is over the fight with Kanye, but it doesn't look like they want to be friends again.
Ozzy's band's song from 1983 was used in the end, but Sharon told everyone that Kanye has now stopped using it. She said to Jack: "That's all we have to say. We just didn't want to be associated with anything with him because of his stance on current issues which are very important to me and your dad."
Sharon explained: "We didn't want to have any association with anybody like that. And that's the end of it, next."
Jack revealed that "everyone went crazy" during the pair's public spat after Ozzy took to his social media accounts to rant about Kanye.
On Instagram, he wrote: " Kanye West asked permission to sample a section of a 1983 live performance of 'War Pig' from the US Festival without vocals and was refused permission because he is an antisemite and has caused untold heartache to many. He went ahead and used the sample anyway at his album listening party last night. I want no association with this man!"
For years Kanye has been accused of being antisemitic and has been known to make comments praising Hitler. He had his Instagram account temporarily locked and was dropped from Universal Music Group and his agency CAA. Balenciaga and Gap also dropped their collaboration with Kanye's clothing brand Yeezy.