Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Kim Kardashian threw shade at ex-husband Kanye West as she confessed to raising their kids 'by myself'.
Sept. 24 2024, Published 8:20 a.m. ET
She has become increasingly worried about her four children spending time with their erratic father.
And now RadarOnline.com can reveal Kim Kardashian has started to dispatch "trusted nannies and her own security" to supervise her kids when they go away with Kanye West and his wife Bianca Censori.
An insider said: "Kim never lets the kids go away with Kanye without trusted nannies and her own security."
Kardashian visited the killer brothers with a camera crew.
The source continued: "There is a very tight schedule – what time they go to bed, what they eat, when they eat, how much sugar they have.
"Exactly where they go and how crowded those places are."
Kardashian, 43, and West, 47, married in 2014 but divorced eight years later in 2022. 
They share and co-parent kids North, 11, Saint, 8, Chicago, 6, and Psalm, 5.
Kardashian and West pictured here with their kids Psalm, Chicago, North and Saint in 2019.
West later married architectural designer Censori, 29, in a secret ceremony less than two months after he finalized his divorce from the Kardashians star in November 2022.
As RadarOnline.com reported, the controversial Donda rapper and his much younger wife have raised eyebrows on nearly every trip and outing they've taken since their marriage two years ago.
Censori has come under fire for the "risky" outfits she wears while out and about with West, and the pair were banned for life from a boat company last year after allegedly engaging in a lewd act on a vessel in Venice, Italy.
But an insider also said West has started "countering" Kardashian's approach to their children's public exposure – especially after the billionaire SKIMS founder started involving their kids in her reality TV show and social media.
West and Censori have been married for two years.
A source told The Sun: "Kanye is playing Kim at her own game – he's against her putting the kids on the family reality show and on TikTok, so he's put them on stage.
"She's always saying they like being on TV – well, he's hitting back and saying they like being onstage.
"Everyone thinks it's his new way to get publicity and make people pay attention to him – like how he parades Bianca around."
The former couple's oldest child North joined her father onstage in South Korea last month for a concert at Goyang Stadium.
Thousands of fans reportedly cheered the preteen on during her performance in Goyang, but the concert is said to have worried Kardashian even more.
West and Censori sparked split rumours but were seen together shortly afterwards.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
A source claimed Kardashian is "concerned" about what North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm are "exposed" to when with West and Censori and "wants a sit-down meeting urgently" to "discuss co-parenting and put some new ground rules in place".
The insider said: "Kim is constantly getting more and more alarmed about the stories she sees coming out about Kanye and Bianca.
"Every week it's something different and she fears it's no longer a healthy environment for the younger kids to be in.
"It's not like she's even in contact with Kanye directly – they either speak through nannies, Kris (Jenner) or lawyers – but North sends her pictures and videos when she's with her dad. 
"It's like Kim wants to see with her own eyes what's going on – she's saying she wants a sit-down meeting urgently with both of them to discuss co-parenting and put some new ground rules in place."
RadarOnline.com has reached out to Kardashian and West's teams for comment.
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.