editions
Copyright © 2025 HipHopDX
All Rights Reserved
AD LOADING...
From Future, Metro Boomin and Gunna to GloRilla, Latto and Sexyy Red, the South has only further cemented itself as Hip Hop’s most dominant region in 2024 — even as Kendrick Lamar popped out and showed there’s no coast quite like the West Coast.
But beneath the glow of the South’s current crop of stars, the Third Coast’s rich history has continued to make its trunk-rattling presence felt thanks to the foundational art of sampling and interpolating.
AD LOADING...
Whether it’s Three 6 Mafia‘s signature Memphis sound, New Orleans’ twerk-friendly bounce or the trap and snap subgenres that have emerged from Atlanta, Southern Hip Hop from the ’90s and 2000s has provided fertile soil on which some of today’s biggest artists (from all over the map) have flourished.
In fact, Juicy J recently claimed that he gets paid from “90 percent of the songs that’s out right now” due to the sheer number of artists sampling his work. And while there may have been some slight exaggeration in that statement, there’s no denying the enduring influence of classic Southern rap on modern Hip Hop.
AD LOADING...
Here are some of the many songs from 2024 that sample Southern rap hits from the past.
Sample: Three 6 Mafia “Gotta Touch ‘Em (Pt. 2)” (1995)
Over whining synths made famous by Three 6 Mafia’s influential debut album Mystic Stylez, Kendrick Lamar ignited the rap battle of the century by declaring: “Muthafuck the big three, n-gga, it’s just big me.” Technically, “Like That” samples “Everlasting Bass” by ’80s West Coast Hip Hop duo Rodney-O and Joe Cooley, but given Metro Boomin’s well-documented love of Juicy J and DJ Paul, it wouldn’t be surprising if they’re the reason he flipped this sample.
Sample: Young Buck “Get Buck” (2007)
The star-studded standout from Tyler, The Creator‘s blockbuster album Chromakopia, “Sticky” is a speaker-stomping anthem just begging to be covered by HBCU marching bands (Jackson State University’s Sonic Boom of the South have already obliged, much to Tyler’s delight). The beat anchoring the GloRilla, Sexyy Red and Lil Wayne-assisted track changes throughout, with bells and whistles being added after each verse. The biggest (and most pleasantly surprising) shift comes roughly two and a half minutes in when Tyler borrows the ominous horns from Young Buck‘s “Get Buck,” transforming the G-Unit banger into a GOLF le FLEUR masterpiece.
Samples: Lil Wil “My Dougie” (2007) & Project Pat feat. Crunchy Black “Don’t Save Her” (2001)
The hotly anticipated collaboration between Hot Girl Summer tourmates GloRilla and Megan Thee Stallion (and Cardi B on the remix), “Wanna Be” samples the widely-used “infrared countdown beat” from Texas rapper Lil Wil’s 2007 hit “My Dougie,” as well as Project Pat’s refrain from “Don’t Save Her.” The track has sparked a lawsuit from Plies over claims that “Wanna Be” stole the beat from his 2008 song “Me & My Goons,” but this accusation has been contested.
Sample: Mike Jones feat. Hurricane Chris “Drop & Gimme 50” (2007)
Outside of their very direct and damaging blows, Kendrick Lamar and Drake’s beef was full of hidden references and easter eggs for music nerds to uncover, but this one might have gone over your head. Drizzy taunting his long-running rival by telling him to “drop and gimme 50” was primarily about his claim that Kendrick was being extorted by his former TDE label boss Anthony “Top Dawg” Tiffith, but it was also a nod to Mike Jones‘ 2007 hit of the same name. Not the first time that the 6 God has borrowed from Houston.
Sample: Hurricane Chris feat. Superstarr “Halle Berry (She’s Fine)” (2009)
Hurricane Chris may have made headlines this year for his brief spat with 50 Cent instead of his music, but one of his numerous mid-2000s hits, “Halle Berry (She’s Fine),” found a new lease on life in 2024 thanks to Sexyy Red, who borrowed its synth-soaked melody and “bow bow!” ad-libs on “Get It Sexyy.” Only this time all eyes were on Big Sexyy, not the Bond girl.
AD LOADING...
Sample: Missy Elliott “She’s a Bitch” (1999)
Virginia might not be the first state that comes to mind when you think of the South, but as Portsmouth native Missy Elliott once said: “I have had so many people say they didn’t know VA was Down South. [Y]up We from Da Country or Da Boonies is what we say.” One of two warm-up singles from her long-awaited sophomore album, “Like What (Freestyle)” finds Cardi B talking her shit over a slightly beefed-up version of Missy’s “She’s a Bitch.” The song sparked a heated spat between Bardi and BIA, who had the same idea a year earlier.
Sample: Da Banggaz314 “Run Up Get Dun Up” (2007)
Cracking the top 30 on the Billboard Hot 100 and earning two Grammy nominations, “Yeah Glo!” is one of the biggest hits from GloRilla’s banner year. Its sample source material, on the other hand, is a hidden gem from St. Louis, lifting its pugnacious intro from Da Banggaz314’s “Run Up Get Dun Up” (whose energy sets the tone for the rest of the track).
Sample: Three 6 Mafia “Poppin’ My Collar” (2005)
Keeping the original Willie Hutch-sampling instrumental largely in tact, save for a slightly sped-up tempo and some thudding 808s, Big Sean wisely went to Three 6 Mafia’s well for the lead single from Better Me Than You. Headshot.
Sample: Project Pat feat. Three 6 Mafia & La Chat “Chickenhead” (2001)
While Cardi B’s platinum-certified hit “Bickenhead” was essentially a modern-day remake of Project Pat‘s “Chickenhead” from the perspective of a female hustler, ScHoolboy Q‘s “THank God 4 Me” sampled it in more subtle fashion, using its haunting synths and screwed-up vocals to drive its moshpit-ready mid section.
Sample: Juvenile feat. Mannie Fresh & Lil Wayne “Back That Azz Up” (1998)
The most random moment from an album full of eyebrow-raising moments, “Do It” begins as a Mustard-produced West Coast club banger clearly plucked from Ty Dolla $ign‘s hard drive, before unexpectedly turning into a brief remix of Juvenile‘s “Back That Azz Up” led by YG. If anything, it goes to show that Mustard and Mannie Fresh go together better than you might’ve thought, despite their regional and generational differences.
related news
March 5, 2024
Sample: Juvenile “Ha” (1998)
Eminem must have heard Vultures 1 because his Death of Slim Shady cut “Road Rage” pulls an almost identical stunt as “Do It,” albeit with Juvenile’s other 400 Degreez hit, “Ha.” With 30 seconds left on the clock, Dr. Dre‘s wonky, plodding beat suddenly gives way to Mannie Fresh’s frantic instrumental and sees Em do his best impression of the former Cash Money millionaire.
Sample: The Showboys “Drag Rap” (aka the Triggerman beat) (1986)
Sampling New Orleans music was really popular this year, huh? (Or should I say “ha”?) In addition to titling the song after the Louisiana dish and referencing both B.G.‘s classic album Chopper City in the Ghetto and Lil Elt’s ’90s hit “Get the Gat” in the hook, Vince Staples closed out his Dark Times standout by borrowing the Big Easy’s most famous bounce beat.
Sample: Lil Boosie feat. Webbie & Foxx “Wipe Me Down” (2007)
Having crowned herself the “modern day Boosie,” it was only a matter of time before Sexyy Red sampled the Louisiana rap legend. Alongside fellow Southern rap queen GloRilla, the “SkeeYee” star reworked Boosie’s defining hit “Wipe Me Down” into the equally flex-heavy “Whatchu Kno About Me.” The pair even paid homage to Boosie’s original video in the song’s accompanying clip.
Sample: Dem Franchize Boyz “I Think They Like Me” (2004)
From oversized tees to oversized booties, Ice Spice yanked the iconic “yup!” and “oh, I–oh, I” ad-libs from Dem Franchize Boyz‘s snap hit to inject some extra “umph” into her heavy-bottomed Y2K! cut. Whether Ice Spice has the same career trajectory as the Atlanta trio remains to be seen.
Sample: La Chat “Yeah, I Rob” (2001)
Metro Boomin further proved he’s a Three 6 Mafia/Hypnotize Minds aficionado by digging deep into the Memphis crew’s vaults and sampling La Chat‘s criminal anthem “Yeah, I Rob” on “Ice Attack.” The original spooky chords and synths remained in tact, but Young Metro added his own intricate percussion to let Future‘s flossy rhymes shine.
AD LOADING...
Sample: DJ Unk feat. Baby D, DJ Montay & Parlae “Hold On Ho” (2006)
DJ Unk is best known for the 2006 hit “Walk It Out,” but it was another track from his debut album Beat’n Down Yo Block! that provided the basis for GloRilla’s “Hollon.” Driven by its repetitive yet catchy hook (“Hold on, ho!”), the original song was a rare moment of combativeness on an otherwise dance-friendly album. With a tenacious presence that feels like a bareknuckle punch to the face, Big Glo got all up in your grill and turned it into an even more bruising fight song. This deserves to be a ring anthem.
Sample: Uncle Luke “I Wanna Rock” (1991)
“Sticky” isn’t the only Chromakopia cut indebted to Southern Hip Hop. The penultimate track on Tyler’s deeply personal album, “Balloon” borrows the widely-sampled “I wanna rock!” and “don’t stop!” ad-libs from 2 Live Crew pioneer Uncle Luke to lift the euphoric track higher into the stratosphere.
Sample: Gucci Mane “Lemonade” (2009)
Even the pop stars were at it. The lead single and opening track from Camila Cabello’s C,XOXO found her adding a pop sheen to the children’s chorus from Gucci Mane‘s classic hit “Lemonade,” as well as his signature “Burr!” ad-lib. Shame Playboi Carti didn’t bring back his baby voice for this one.
Sample: Gucci Mane “I Think I Love Her” (2008)
Sexyy Red didn’t just sample Gucci Mane on “You Don’t Love Me,” but got the man himself to feature on her remake of his ghetto love song “I Think I Love Her.” Between this and her (thankfully fake) ice cream cone face tattoo, there’s a reason Big Sexyy calls herself the “Female Gucci Mane.”
Sample: T.I. “24s” (2003)
Latto not only channeled the classic T.I. film ATL in the trailer for her Sugar Honey Iced Tea album, but put her spin on the King of the South’s Trap Muzik favorite. While Big Mama shares Tip’s love for money and clothes, she tweaked the chorus to flex her icy diamonds, big bankroll and rule of only messing with rich dudes.
AD LOADING...
Sample: Ludacris feat. Mystikal & I-20 “Move Bitch” (2001)
Interpolating the hook from Ludacris‘ 2001 hit, TDE star Doechii crafted her own fed-up-with-these-bitches anthem with help from the colorfully-named Atlanta upstart KUNTFETISH. All that was missing was a music video with a cameo from an afro’d Luda.
Sample: Waka Flocka Flame “Hard In Da Paint” (2010)
There aren’t many rappers who can match the raucous energy of Waka Flocka Flame, but Denzel Curry is one of them. Living up to his moniker of King of the Mischievous South, the Florida firestarter gave the Flockaveli anthem a jolt of new life (and lyrical dexterity) with the aptly-titled “Still in the Paint.”
Sample: Gucci Mane “Lemonade” (2009)
After teaming up with Gucci Mane on the aptly-titled “Icy” from his trap-flavored 2019 album Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, Logic continued to flaunt his Guwop fandom on his latest LP. In true Bobby Tarantino fashion, “Mission Control” adds some boom bap flavor to “Lemonade”‘s instantly recognizable piano melody.
Sample: Mike Jones “Back Then” (2005)
T.I.’s “24s” isn’t the only 2000s Southern rap classic that Latto flipped on Sugar Honey Iced Tea. Making the 800-mile trip from Atlanta to Houston, the “Big Energy” hitmaker flipped Mike Jones’ “Back Then” on “There She Go” as she celebrated her own rags-to-riches journey: “Back then, I was broke / Now I’m on an island getting my back blown.”
Sample: Jeezy “I Luv It” (2006)
From bliss to heartbreak, DJ Toomp to Tay Keith, Megan Thee Stallion turned Jeezy‘s triumphant “I Luv It” into an ode to the man-eating power of her, well, private parts on “Broke His Heart.”
Travis Scott Partners With Soccer Giants FC Barcelona For Custom Jersey
news | May 3, 2025
Will Ferrell's First-Ever Concert Was A Roddy Ricch Show
news | May 3, 2025
Misa Hylton’s Lawyer Says She’d Drop Mary J. Blige Lawsuit If She Fixes Things With Vado
news | May 3, 2025
AD LOADING...
AD LOADING...
Copyright © 2025 HipHopDX
All Rights Reserved