The sequel was expected to arrive on March 8.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Kanye West is sharing some new artwork for his upcoming Vultures 2 album with Ty Dolla $ign.

	The rapper and fashion mogul, who now goes by Ye, took to social media early Saturday (March 9) to share a photo of himself wearing all black and holding a portrait of what appears to be Ty’s incarcerated Brother Big TC.

	“VULTURES 2,” Ye captioned the Instagram post, which features an image of the superstar rapper wearing a face mask and leather jacket.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Kanye West		
					






















	
		
					Ty Dolla $ign		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The sequel album was expected to arrive on Friday (March 8), about one month after Vultures 1, which topped the Billboard 200 chart in back-to-back weeks. That marked the first time West held the top spot for more than a week since Watch The Throne.




			Trending on Billboard		






	The impending arrival of Vultures 2 sets up another busy month for Ye and Ty Dolla $ign. They’re set to host a pair of Vultures listening experience parties at Phoenix’s Footprint Center (March 10) and San Francisco’s Chase Center (March 12) before making their live performance debut on Thursday (March 14) at Rolling Loud California.

	










	The project boasts Vultures leftovers such as “Everybody” and “Time Moving Slow.” Ye and Ty invite a plethora of guests into the mix to execute their vision with appearances from Playboi Carti, Young Thug, Travis Scott, Lil Baby and more.

	On Friday night, West and his wife, Bianca Censori, arrived to a Vultures 2 listening party in Los Angeles, according to TMZ. Ye reportedly gave an update on the sequel’s progress through the fan Instagram account Ye Fanatics, writing, “We in the Lab.”

	See Ye’s Vultures 2 post on Instagram below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.