Some celebrities don't mind sharing all the intimate details of their lives, including what goes on behind closed doors. A few of these stars are even willing to spill all about their sex lives -- and embarrass their kids a little in the process. Celebs like Molly Ringwald and Kanye West have actually shared exactly where their children were conceived and they were honestly some pretty iconic places! While their kids may not be thrilled about the whole world knowing, it definitely makes for an interesting origin story.
Find out which stars shared a little bit TMI…
1. Molly Ringwald & Panio Gianopoulos
Molly Ringwald shares three children with her husband Panio Gianopoulos and she says their daughter, Mathilda, was conceived in a pretty iconic place. Back in 2003, Molly was finishing up her run in Cabaret when things got a little hot and heavy in her dressing room.
"I believe that Mathilda was conceived in the dressing room at Studio 54 right at the end of my run playing Sally Bowles in Cabaret in 2003. It's so Mathilda to be conceived in such an iconic place," shared with The Times.
2. Kourtney Kardashian & Travis Barker
Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker recently welcomed their son Rocky, and spilled the details about where he was conceived. On Instagram, Kourtney shared a series of photos from Amangiri resort in Canyon Point, Utah, captioning it, "One year ago today." In the comments, Travis chimed in to reveal it was where Rocky was conceived.
"We made baby Rocky 🖤," Travis wrote.
3. Kim Kardashian & Kanye West
Early in Kim Kardashian's relationship with Kanye West, they became pregnant with their daughter North. Looking back, Kanye says he believes their oldest daughter was conceived during a trip to Italy.
"I adore Florence. I love Italy and the Italian lifestyle. To tell you the truth, I already came to the banks of the Arno [river] with Kim last year, just the two of us, incognito. And I think that our daughter North was conceived here among the Renaissance masterpieces," he told Italian magazine La Nazione.
4. Will Smith & Jada Pinkett Smith
Will Smith told the story of his son Jaden's conception during his son's 21st birthday party. While hosting the event with Jada Pinkett Smith, Will joked that the story needed to be told every year like telling the story of the nativity on Christmas. In fact, he joked that next year he would actually set up a whole miniature scene recreating the events.
"Tequila! That's how you got here Jaden," Will shared on YouTube. "That's what I'm gonna do next year. Imma make the little house, the scene about Jaden's conception. It'll be a villa in Mexico. There's Jose Cuervo tequila all over the place."
5. Beyoncé & Jay-Z
Beyoncé and Jay-Z were in Paris when they became pregnant with their daughter Blue Ivy. Shortly after her birth, Jay-Z dropped the song "Glory," where he hinted at what was going on before she was conceived.
"The most beautiful-est thing in this world is Daddy's little girl/ You don't yet know what swag is but you was made in Paris/ And mama woke up the next day and shot her album package," he raps in the song.
6. Victoria & David Beckham
While many people believe that Victoria and David Beckham conceived their son Brooklyn in the Big Apple, she says that's not the case. While she did discover that she was expecting during a trip to New York, she says they got pregnant somewhere else.
"We did it in Denmark, if you really want to know," she said during a 2006 interview with Ali G, AKA Sacha Baron Cohen.
7. Alicia Keys & Swizz Beatz
Alicia Keys revealed where she got pregnant with her son Egypt in her book More Myself. She explained that she and her husband Swizz Beatz were on a romantic getaway to Hawaii, when they had a "sensual" experience involving canisters of body paint and a blank canvas.
"Never have I experienced anything more sensual. Which is why, when I missed my period a few weeks later, I wasn't exactly surprised. As that winter gave way to spring, we relished two pleasures: the engagement and the pregnancy," Alicia wrote.
8. Ron & Cheryl Howard
Ron and Cheryl Howard have always openly shared where their children were conceived. Their daughter, Bryce Dallas Howard, explained that her parents have a tradition of paying tribute to the location in their children's middle names. Bryce actually didn't even know about it until her dad spilled during a talk show appearance.
"The rule was, it's wherever we were conceived. It's so disgusting! For me, it was a city, for my sisters, it was a hotel. My brother, his middle name was Cross after a place we used to live ... That was our road where our house was. My dad would make this joke, "I didn't want to call him back of the Volvo!'" Bryce Dallas Howard shared with ABC News.
9. Nick & Vanessa Lachey
Nick and Vanessa Lachey are the proud parents of three children but it was their daughter, Brooklyn, who was conceived while they were living in New York. While they weren't exactly living in Brooklyn, the couple just wanted to pay tribute to the Big Apple in some way.
"Well, if you must know, she was conceived in New York. Not in Brooklyn, per se, but we felt the Upper West Side didn't have a good ring to it and we wanted to pay an homage to New York," Nick joked to People.
10. Chip & Joanna Gaines
Chip and Joanna Gaines explained exactly when their son Crew was conceived right in the announcement about their pregnancy. Back in 2018, Chip posted that it all happened after attending a Johnnyswim concert in their hometown of Waco, Texas.
"You might recall a few months back.. the ever amazing, ever romantic @JOHNNYSWIM was in Waco. And they put on a little too romantic of a concert. Anyways, one thing led to another, & we are officially pregnant. And I could not be more EXCITED! #5 #7ThePerfectNumber," Chip tweeted.
11. Melanie Griffith & Don Johnson
When Dakota Johnson hosted Saturday Night Live in 2015, she revealed that her parents, Melanie Griffith and Don Johnson, had actually conceived her in New York -- and it could have happened backstage at the show.
"It's actually really incredible that I'm standing on this stage right now, because in December of 1988 my mother stood in this exact spot and hosted SNL," she shared in her monologue. "Right after the show my father got down on one knee and he proposed to her for the second time, and exactly nine months later I was born. So I must have been conceived that night after the show or maybe even during the show."
12. Maren Morris & Ryan Hurd
Maren Morris and her ex-husband Ryan Hurd conceived their son Hayes during a vacation to Maui, Hawaii. She returned to the island several months later, hinting that it was where she got pregnant.
"I was here five months ago with my husband Ryan for vacation, and now I am mysteriously five months pregnant," Maren said during the BMI Maui Songwriters Festival. "So Hawaii must agree with me."