Bianca Censori's sister forced fans to do a double take as she shared a glamorous clip where she looked almost identical to her famous sister.
Angelina, who is the sister of Kanye West's wife, caused quite a stir over the weekend when she posted a video on Instagram in which she looked like her sister's double. The brunette beauty rocked a plunging navy blue number.
It's fair to say her sleeveless ensemble struggled to contain her ample assets as she modelled her outfit online. The star pulled her chocolate tresses up into a bun at the crown of her head, reports the Mirror.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's eye-watering wedding costs for lavish ceremony
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
She completed the look with a full face of makeup which celebrated her youthful glow with a pinch of blush on the apples of her cheeks. She added a thin band of eyeliner and lashings of black mascara which she finished with a swipe of nude pink lipstick.
In the playful video, Angelina ran her fingers through her hair and flashed a mischievous grin before abruptly ending the clip. But this isn't the first time that comparisons have been drawn between Angelina and Bianca.
Like Bianca, her younger sister is also a model, while their other sibling Alyssia works as a nurse in Australia. Back in March, Angelina finally broke her silence about her sister's marriage to rapper Kanye West - who has legally changed his name to Ye.
This came following reports that the family had become increasingly worried about the couple's relationship. However, Angelina took the opportunity to share her true feelings about her sister's husband.
Her comments came amid rumours that Bianca's parents were also concerned for their daughter after she married the controversial rapper. "It's all just bulls**t," slammed Angelina.
She denied rumours surrounding her family's take on Bianca's new husband, saying that "nothing" reported on their thoughts and feelings about the Vultures musician are true. "We all support him, she told the Herald Sun at the time.
"We support his new album. We support his new clothes he's dropping." Angelina went on to call older sister Bianca her "best friend and confidante" during the tell-all interview, adding: "It's all just bulls**t.
"There was something about my dad even recently. My dad never talks. Nothing's true." Kanye and Bianca were recently spotted in the heart of Italy, with Bianca looking like she was returning to her architectural designer ways as she carried a sketchbook.
However, an expert has warned the couple may face an "imbalance of power" in their relationship. Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.