Season eight can be a death knell for even the best TV shows, and early into the latest installment of Selling Sunset—all 11 episodes of which debuted September 6—I worried that the Netflix series had reached its expiration date. After dozens of episodes in which realtors at the Oppenheim Group flounce around in increasingly outlandish fashion, one agent has the audacity to question the ultra-mini skirt another wears for an open house. Some low-stakes drama over the dress code would’ve been fitting of this show’s first or second season, but that time has long passed. Nevertheless, I armed myself for hours of fighting over hemlines when something miraculous happened: the show’s most shocking storyline in years.
In the third episode, cast member Bre Tiesi agrees to meet with an agent from another brokerage, Amanda Lynn, and hears a bit of gossip about Chelsea Lazkani, who joined the show in season five. Tiesi learns that Lazkani’s husband Jeff, with whom she shares two young children, was allegedly seen making out with another woman at the W Hotel “multiple times.” Tiesi, who made an enemy of Lazkani after boarding the series in season six, sits on this information until episode five, when she relays the allegation over a glass of red wine.
“I just wanted to come to you woman to woman, because I’ve been here. I was married. My husband was doing the same thing with multiple women,” says Tiesi, referring to Johnny Manziel, a former NFL star who appears in this season as a potential client for his former wife. “I know you don’t necessarily care for me, but I wouldn’t wish this on you or anyone ever,” she continues. “Like, I’ve seriously been there, and it’s awful. But regardless, it was brought up, and I feel like you have the right to know.”
Though Lazkani previously criticized Tiesi’s family on the show—calling her unconventional relationship with Nick Cannon, with whom Tiesi shares a two-year-old son, “rather off-putting”—the revelation about her own personal life is handled delicately. When Lazkani asks if she trusts Lynn, Tiesi responds that she does, but she wouldn’t consider her a “best friend.” By episode’s end, Lazkani confides to costar Chrishell Stause: “I’m in my most vulnerable state that I’ve ever been in my whole life.”
The scene feels achingly familiar. As Stause’s marriage to This Is Us star Justin Hartley imploded in the middle of filming Selling Sunset’s second season, she tearfully came to terms with the split across from castmate Mary Fitzgerald. Three seasons later, a similar scenario played out after Stause’s breakup with boss Jason Oppenheim. The show got some needed juice out of Heather Rae El Moussa’s romance with HGTV’s Tarek El Moussa following his divorce from his Flip or Flop cohost Christina Hall. And after Tyler Stanaland of Selling the O.C. split from actor Brittany Snow, Rolling Stone hypothesized that the cast’s relationships may be afflicted with a “Selling Sunset curse.”
The show has never really been about luxury real estate. When asked about the series on a recent episode of Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen, Josh Flagg of Bravo’s Million Dollar Listing snarked: “No, I only like to watch licensed real estate brokers.” Instead—as macabre as it sounds—breakups have become this franchise’s bread and butter.
Still, season eight of Selling Sunset gamely melds drama from both real life and real estate. Fitzgerald and Oppenheim mourn the loss of Niko, the dog they shared even years after their split, while visiting their splashy new listing: selling the family home of TikTok stars Charli and Dixi D’Amelio. During the season finale, Oppenheim tells the brokerage he plans to list Kanye West’s Malibu mansion—a property designed by renowned Japanese architect Tadao Ando—for a cool $53 million. The only snag? West has gutted the home of all its basic functions, removing plumbing, heating, and air conditioning, as well as most of the doors. “It’s like a Picasso,” Oppenheim tells his dumbstruck employees. “Maybe an abstract parking garage,” quips agent Amanza Smith. (Last month, Business Insider reported that house-flipping firm Belwood Investments was set to purchase West’s house for $21 million—less than half the original asking price.)
As Lazkani mourns her marriage alongside Stause and fellow castmate Emma Hernan, she becomes wary about Tiesi discussing the alleged cheating on camera. Lazkani then breaks the fourth wall by questioning Tiesi over who initiated the scene between her and Lynn—and whether she knew what the bombshell would be prior to filming. Enter fellow agent Nicole Young, who after making up in her bitter feud with Stause perpetuates a rumor about Hernan romancing a married man. Young delivers that gossip to Tiesi in hopes that she’ll use it against Hernan in a future fight.
In the season finale, non-Oppenheim agent Michelle Lally of Vanderpump Rules spinoff The Valley (whoever made this cross-show cameo happen, I’d like to send them a fruit basket), shows Lazkani a home that she contemplates living in as a single woman with her children. Across town, Tiesi goes scorched-earth on the situation, bringing Lynn by the office as a potential new hire. Lazkani is seen removing her wedding ring mid-confessional, but there is little resolution regarding her marriage—in fact, most of the office hasn’t even found out about the alleged infidelity. In March, Lazkani filed for divorce after nearly seven years of marriage, People magazine reported, allegedly citing “irreconcilable differences” as the reason for their split.
But the very storylines that made this season soar now threaten the show’s longevity. Before the latest season had even aired, off-screen drama among the cast members was already percolating. Over Labor Day weekend, and presumably after the cast had finally got a hold of screeners for the new season, some began to air their grievances with production—and each other—on social media.
“Someone needs to take my phone,” Stause warned on her Instagram Story, writing, “Are we really still giving air time to LIARS that just want air time??” and declaring that she’d “NEVER” work on a show with Young again. “Just know she spews a disgusting lie about a bestie that is categorically FALSE and SUPER damaging. It is NOT TRUE,” Stause wrote, tagging Done and Done Productions and calling them “disgusting for blindsiding” Hernan “instead of letting her at LEAST defend herself with the TRUTH.”
Meanwhile, Lazkani tagged Young directly, calling her “diabolical” and accusing production of lacking “moral ground and integrity,” writing on her Instagram Story, “Spreading lies for views is so damaging,” and claiming that some Selling Sunset costars are homophobic and transphobic. She tagged other castmates in her own posts, including Tiesi and Bonnet.
For her part, Young clarified via Instagram that she “stated this info as a rumor” on camera, adding, “Given both of you have been the victim of extramarital affairs, I would think you too would stand for the sanctity of all marriages.” Stause, Lazkani, and Hernan have since closed ranks, showing support for one another on Instagram.
It’s unclear if talent and production have reached a true impasse—and the stars themselves are still figuring out which parts of their lives are up for sale. “I don’t think there’s any question that I found my voice,” Stause told Vanity Fair last May, ahead of the show’s sixth season. “It’s just now trying to be smart about when to use it and when to shut up.” She also acknowledged that the best storylines on Selling Sunset make for the worst off-screen aftermath: “Will it make for great television? Yes. Is this how I am proud of conducting myself?…. Absolutely not.”
Two months prior to speaking with VF, Stause called out “the way reality TV producers manipulate things to create a narrative,” writing on her Instagram Story, “Sucks to not be able to be proud of what you’re working on,” and tagging several producers and Done and Done Productions. Several cast members on shows produced by Adam DiVello, who was not available to speak with Vanity Fair, have spoken out about the reality of their own experiences, including Spencer Pratt and Heidi Montag of The Hills, Kristin Cavallari of Laguna Beach, and even Christine Quinn, who departed Selling Sunset after five seasons.
Most reality shows have soldiered on after losing high-profile cast members. Take Vanderpump Rules, which received series-high ratings and an Emmy nomination a decade into its run—and only after marquee names like Stassi Schroeder, Jax Taylor, and Kristen Doute left. (They’ve all since returned to their former stomping grounds in some capacity. Schroeder is joining the second season of Hulu’s Vanderpump Villa alongside Lisa Vanderpump, while Doute and Taylor are currently filming the sophomore installment of The Valley.)
Then again, the prospect of a season of Selling Sunset without some of its most popular stars feels a little like Oppenheim’s exorbitant Kanye West listing—a once gleaming work of art that has been stripped of all its vital parts.
How Miriam Adelson Went From Big MAGA Winner to Casino Loser in Trump’s First 100 Days
The Truth Underlying Pete Hegseth’s Job Security
“It’s About Him”: How Trump Is Perverting the Presidential Photo Stream
Inside the Case of Kim Kardashian’s Paris Robbery
How Sebastian Stan Became Hollywood’s Most Daring Shape-Shifter
The Ballad of Bill Belichick and Jordon Hudson
Juilliard Is Going Tuition-Free
Elon Musk’s Breeding Spree Is So Much Wilder Than You Thought
Every Quentin Tarantino Movie, Ranked
Meet Elon Musk’s 14 Children and Their Mothers (Whom We Know of)
From the Archive: Sinatra and the Mob
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment