Kanye West seems to have made a subtle dig at his ex-wife Kim Kardashian as he shared a throwback video of their daughter North West.
The controversial rapper, 46, has reignited his bitter feud with Kim as he claimed his two youngest children don't know who he is. Now, he's taken to his Instagram Story to share a throwback video of his eldest daughter in what could be seen as a sly dig at his ex-wife.
In the video, the father-daughter duo seemed very happy as they danced together during Sunday Service in 2019. Kanye serenaded his then-six-year-old daughter with his hit song Lift Yourself as she boogied in front of a crowd of people.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Bianca Censori's dad slams her 'trashy behaviour' and says she is a 'naked trophy'
North took centre stage and smiled widely as her dad started singing to her. The cute clip was originally shared by a fan with the caption: "North West vibing to Lift Yourself by Kanye West during Sunday Service in 2019. Then Kanye started singing to her."
Kanye wasn't the only one loving the throwback clip, with one fan commenting: "Man this makes me feel good." Another gushed: "We love ye and northie forever!!" while a third person said: "Dats a special moment wit his daughter," adding two red heart emojis.
Kanye's new post comes after he took to social media to lash out at his ex-wife Kim. He demanded the reality star remove their children from the school they attend before sensationally claiming only his eldest two children "know they daddy." The former couple share four children together - North, 10, Saint, eight, Chicago, five, and Psalm, four.
Kanye shared a pointed statement at Kim on a picture which said: "Kim take my kids out of Sierra Canyon now. it's a fake school for celebrities that are used by 'the system'." He then made further allegations about being "removed" from his children as he captioned the post: "At this point everybody knows what 'the system' is code word for. I was removed from my dad by the system and the system removed me from my children."
He added: "When the system drafts athletes they avoid working with those who have their father in their life because they are harder to manipulate My two oldest know they daddy is."
It comes after he previously implied he only had access to 10-year-old North after she "ripped up couches" to be with him. During a 10-minute rant back in December, he said his daughter "ripped up the mother f**king couches in the house to be able to be with me right now."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.