Kim Kardashian faced backlash from fans who spotted she edited her Instagram caption just minutes after she was criticized for her new ‘passion’. They took to social media to complain.
Kim made the mistake of telling fans architecture had long been a passion of hers, as Kanye West's new wife Bianca is a professional architect.
The Skims founder proudly revealed she was asked to help narrate Architectural Digest's video showcasing Ryan Murphy's reimagining of a Richard Neutra house in LA.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West's daughter North draws step-mum Bianca Censori before Kim Kardashian steps in
Eagle-eyed fans flocked to social media site Reddit to document the caption in a Kardashians-themed forum.
The caption originally read: "My serious passion is studying and researching architecture, furniture, and landscaping so to be asked to help narrate a home tour for Architectual Digest for Ryan Murphy's home was such an honor, and was honestly the start of our relationship knowing we shared a mutual love for the same passion."
"Now you love architecture cuz of Bianca"? one fan asked. "Now Kim loves architecture? Smh," another asked. She has since edited the caption down.
Fans also shared the updated caption: "I love architecture and furniture, so to be asked to help narrate a home tour for Architectural Digest for Ryan Murphy's home was such an honour."
Meanwhile Kim reckons she's ready to get married for the fourth time, but it has to be a "special" and "unique" man to get her to walk down the aisle.
The 43-year-old isn't looking for a wedding ring from "exclusive" boyfriend, Odell Beckham Jr., anytime soon, but she told James Corden that she'd be open to the possibility with the right person one day. She spoke to the former Late Late Show host on his Sirius XM show This Life of Mine with James Corden.
She insisted that she's "good" and keeps busy with her kids and work, but admitted she's a "hopeless romantic." The SKIMS founder also acknowledged that her life isn't for the faint of heart.
"I don't know. I really don't. There'll be moods where I'm just like, 'You know what? I understand my life is really big and I understand it takes a really, really, really special, unique person to want to deal with that,'" she said.
She added: "I think my life is really fun and whoever comes in my life will have a really good time, but it's a lot."
Kim kept an upbeat outlook as she said: "I'm not lonely, so I'm good. I have my kids, I have work, I have my family, but it would be nice to share your life with someone, but when you do, it's such a big, I don't take that lightly."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.