By EVE BUCKLAND and HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:49, 19 January 2024   |  Updated:  16:58, 19 January 2024   
 52
View  comments
Kim Kardashian looked incredible in a busty nude crop-top as she plugged her newly relaunched make-up brand, SKKN By Kim this week.
The star, 43, who announced her return to the cosmetics world earlier this week, showed off her ample cleavage and taut midriff as she expertly applied lipliner.
The beauty wore her raven tresses sleek and straight and sported smoky eye make-up for her post.
The star also showed off her notable contour as she smoldered for the camera. 
On Wednesday the reality TV star made the announcement that she is coming out with a line of nude tones under her SKKN umbrella.
Kim Kardashian looked incredible in a busty nude crop-top as she plugged her newly relaunched make-up brand, SKKN By Kim this week
The star, 43, who announced her return to the cosmetics world earlier this week, showed off her ample cleavage and taut midriff as she expertly applied lipliner
The cover girl has eye shadows, lip liners and lipsticks that will go on sale later this month.
The siren was seen modeling the makeup in a close-up glamour shots as she wore a sheer gray bra with her jet-black hair down.
In July 2021 she ended her KKW Beauty line - KKW stood for Kim Kardashian West - after her divorce from Kanye West.
'SKKN BY KIM MAKEUP, where skin-loving formulas meet high-performance glam,' Kim wrote in her Instagram caption.
'I’ve recently been taking a skin-first approach towards my beauty routine.
'In developing @SKKN BY KIM Makeup, my goal was not only to create universally-flattering cosmetic essentials, but also to ensure that our products are clean, hydrating, and help improve the look and feel of skin with every wear.
'Meet your new makeup bag must-haves, inspired by my iconic smoky eye and nude lip: Soft Matte Lip Color: 10 full-coverage velvety matte lipsticks, Lip Liner: 15 long-wear matte lip pencils, Classic Mattes Eyeshadow Palette: 12 universally flattering, warm and cool nude shadows in silky matte finishes.'
She then said the line was launching on January 26th at 9AM PST. 
The beauty wore her raven tresses sleek and straight and sported smoky eye make-up for her post
Kim puckered up for the camera as she posed up a storm
Kim Kardashian has returned to creating makeup after a long break. On Wednesday the 43-year-old reality TV star made the announcement that she is coming out with a line of nude tones under her SKKN umbrella
The cover girl has eye shadows, lip liners and lipsticks that will go on sale later this month. The siren was seen modeling the makeup in a close-up glamour shots as she wore a sheer gray bra with her jet-black hair down
 'SKKN BY KIM MAKEUP, where skin-loving formulas meet high-performance glam,' Kim wrote in her Instagram caption.
Kardashian celebrated the launch Of KKW Beauty in 2017 in Los Angeles
'Join the waitlist at SKKNBYKIM.com,' she noted. Her new lines often sell out in minutes.
Fans went wild with the announcement. One said: 'I want it all' while another shared, 'It's about time!'
'This is sooooooo exciting,' shared another.
One fan then asked for more: 'Okay but what about perfume?'
She launched SKKN by Kim in June 2022. 
On Tuesday Kim hinted she would be returning to makeup.
In a video posted on January 16 to her Instagram page she reads out comments from fans that are sad at the closure of her previous brands, and asking for them to return.
Kardashian ends the video by saying she 'hears' her fans, and the date of January 26, 2024 appears on screen.
Under the post, an even more interesting comment from the official SKKN by Kim account popped up.
'We got the hint. Stay tuned for a BIG announcement...' read the message, alongside a red kiss emoji.
In July 2021 she ended her KKW Beauty line - KKW stood for Kim Kardashian West - after her divorce from Kanye West. The rapper seen in 2019
Kim has four children with the Yeezy singer: North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group