Home » Music
It looks like Consequence had a lot of get off his chest at the end of 2023.
The Queens-born rapper has been calling people out to usher in the new year. Cons decided to drop a diss track aimed at Talib Kweli called “Beef Forever” that includes mentions of the “I Try” rapper’s ex-wife and sexual assault allegations in the following lyrics.
You might have went around with the Lyricist Lounge
but the underground know who got the Lyricist Crown
So you should be afraid, watch the levels EQ
You should know that night I could’ve left with Eque
You probably so afraid of that left from Eque
and that’s the reason why them other girls got #MeToo’d
You never been more than a Mr. Me Too
and you don’t really want no smoke with the one I too, n—-
We got beef forever
once we got beef, we got beef forever
After the song was promoted and shouted out by DJ Akademiks, Kweli took to Instagram to air out his grievances.
“‘That’s why Trumps my guy, he keeps it a bean!’ — DJ Wackademiks — NGL I didn’t have Dexter and Wackademiks alliance on my 2023 bingo card,” mused Kweli. “You can tell these knee grows have no friends this song [trash emoji] How @constv mad at me for saying what he be saying about Kanye two years before he said it and @akademiks I been waiting for your Jerry the Mouse a– to jump out the window. So Trump the nazi rapist is your guy huh.”
Just a day later, Kweli picked up where he left off with another post aimed at Consequence and Akademiks by sharing a video post of Akademiks’ ex-girlfriend giving her account of an alleged sexual assault incident she says happened in Akademiks’ home.
“Yesterday @constv conspired w @akademiks to release a diss about me on @akademiks page,” Kweli wrote. “Today @akademiks ex-girlfriend accused Akademiks of rape. Dexter really needs better friends. The language @akademiks used to describe @constv diss song about me was ‘violate.’ This man sure does know a thing or two about how to violate.”
The feud between Kweli and Consequence dates back to 2022 when Cons made his feelings known about former friends who distanced themselves from Kanye in wake of the backlash from his anti-Semitic rants.
As irony would have it, Consequence also recently had some tough words for West for saying he had no one to support him at the height of the controversy.