Sign in or Subscribe 
See Offers




Account Subscription: ACTIVE
Questions about your account? Our customer service team can be reached at circulation@metln.org during business hours at (207) 791-6000.
She made the surprise trip to New York City just days before the election, briefly stepping away from the battleground states where she’s been furiously campaigning.
You are able to gift 5 more articles this month.
Anyone can access the link you share with no account required.  Learn more.
With a Lewiston Sun Journal subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
It looks like you do not have any active subscriptions. To get one, go to the subscriptions page.
With a Lewiston Sun Journal subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
Democratic presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris, right, appears on NBC’s “Saturday Night Live” with Maya Rudolph on Saturday in New York.  Jacquelyn Martin/Associated Pess 
NEW YORK — Vice President Kamala Harris made a surprise appearance on “Saturday Night Live” in the final days before the election, playing herself as the mirror-image double of Maya Rudolph’s version of her in the show’s cold open.
The first lines the candidate spoke as she sat across from Rudolph, their outfits identical, were drowned out by cheers from the audience.
“It is nice to see you, Kamala,” Harris told Rudolph with a broad grin she kept throughout the sketch. “And I’m just here to remind you, you got this.”
In sync, the two said supporters need to “Keep Kamala and carry-on-ala,” declared that they share each other’s “belief in the promise of America” and delivered the signature “Live from New York, it’s Saturday night!”
﻿﻿
Harris made the surprise trip to New York City with the election looming, briefly stepping away from the battleground states where she’s been furiously campaigning in favor of NBC’s iconic sketch comedy show, where she was hoping to generate buzz and appeal to a nationwide audience.Advertisement
She flew to New York on Air Force Two after an early evening campaign stop Saturday in Charlotte, North Carolina. She was scheduled to head to Detroit, but once in the air, aides said she’d be making an unscheduled stop and the plane landed at LaGuardia Airport.
Harris arrived at 30 Rockefeller Plaza in Manhattan, where “SNL” tapes, shortly after 8 p.m., enough time for a quick rehearsal before the show airs live at 11:30 p.m. It is the final “SNL” episode before Election Day on Tuesday.
The visit wasn’t previously announced, and an official familiar with Harris’ planning only officially confirmed it for reporters traveling with the vice president moments before the live airing began. The official insisted on anonymity to discuss plans before they were made public.
Harris departed immediately after the opening segment. She told reporters, “It was fun!” as she boarded the plane to leave New York.
Host John Mulaney and musical guest Chappell Roan shifted the show away from politics; neither addressed the election.
Mulaney, the standup comic and former “SNL” writer, hosted for the sixth time and spent his opening monologue talking about his kids with wife Olivia Munn, Catholicism and his stint in rehab.Advertisement
Some expected Roan, the 26-year-old singer who has become a major star in recent months, to make a political statement in her first appearance on the show. She has previously been harshly critical of the Democratic Party and declined to endorse Harris, though Roan has said several times that she plans to vote for her.
But she played it straight – or as straight as the wildly theatrical performer gets. She sang her hit “Pink Pony Club” on an all-pink set bathed in pink light.
Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., also made a surprise appearance in a game-show sketch where the gag was that no one remembered him, despite his being Hillary Clinton’s running mate in 2016.
﻿
“It’s been less than eight years. What’s my name?” he asked as the contestants stood silent and flummoxed.
Rudolph first played Harris on the show in 2019 and has reprised her role this season, doing a spot-on impression of the vice president, including calling herself “Momala” – a reference to the affectionate nickname her stepchildren gave her.Advertisement
Fellow former cast member Andy Samberg appeared again Saturday night as Harris’ husband, second gentleman Doug Emhoff, while standup comic Jim Gaffigan returned as running mate Tim Walz and longtime alumnus Dana Carvey continued his portrayal of President Biden.
Rudolph’s performance has won critical and comedic acclaim – including from Harris herself.
“Maya Rudolph – I mean, she’s so good,” Harris said last month on ABC’s “The View.” “She had the whole thing, the suit, the jewelry, everything!”
Jason Miller, a senior adviser to former president and Republican nominee Donald Trump, expressed surprise that Harris would appear on “SNL” given what he characterized as her unflattering portrayal on the show. Asked if Trump had been invited to appear, he said: “I don’t know. Probably not.”
Politicians nonetheless have a long history on “SNL,” including Trump, who hosted the show in 2015 – though appearing so close to Election Day is unusual.
Hillary Clinton was running in the 2008 Democratic presidential primary when she appeared next to Amy Poehler, who played her on the show and was known for launching into a trademark, exaggerated cackle. The real Clinton wondered during her appearance, “Do I really laugh like that?”Advertisement
Harris repeated that line in response to Rudolph’s portrayal of her laugh in Saturday’s episode.
Clinton returned in 2016 while running against Trump in a race she ultimately lost.
The first sitting president to appear on “SNL” was Republican Gerald Ford, who did so less than a year after the show debuted. Ford appeared in April 1976 on an episode hosted by his press secretary, Ron Nessen, and declared the show’s famous opening rejoinder, “Live from New York, it’s Saturday night.”
Then-Illinois Sen. Barack Obama appeared alongside Poehler impersonating Clinton in 2007, and Republican Bob Dole was on the show in November 1996 – a mere 11 days after losing that year’s election to Bill Clinton. Dole consoled Norm Macdonald, who played the Kansas senator.
Then there was Tina Fey’s 2008 impression of vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin – and in particular, her joke that “I can see Russia from my house.” It was so good that Fey eventually won an Emmy, and Palin herself appeared on the show that October in the weeks before the election.
Long, Miller and Weissert reported from Washington. Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in New York and Andrew Dalton in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
We believe it’s important to offer commenting on certain stories as a benefit to our readers. At its best, our comments sections can be a productive platform for readers to engage with our journalism, offer thoughts on coverage and issues, and drive conversation in a respectful, solutions-based way. It’s a form of open discourse that can be useful to our community, public officials, journalists and others. Read more... 
We do not enable comments on everything — exceptions include most crime stories, and coverage involving personal tragedy or sensitive issues that invite personal attacks instead of thoughtful discussion. 
For those stories that we do enable discussion, our system may hold up comments pending the approval of a moderator for several reasons, including possible violation of our guidelines. As the Maine Trust’s digital team reviews these comments, we ask for patience.  
Comments are managed by our staff during regular business hours Monday through Friday and limited hours on Saturday and Sunday. Comments held for moderation outside of those hours may take longer to approve. 
By joining the conversation, you are agreeing to our commenting policy and terms of use. More information is found on our FAQs. 
You can modify your screen name here.
Show less
Please sign into your Sun Journal account to participate in conversations below. If you do not have an account, you can register or subscribe. Questions? Please see our FAQs.
Your commenting screen name has been updated.
Send questions/comments to the editors.


			« Previous		



			Next »