The singer had some words for the eager paparazzi at the award show.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Chappell Roan was "HOT TO GO!" as she arrived on the red carpet for the 2024 MTV VMAs.
When the pop star arrived at the award show on Wednesday, September 11, she had words for a photographer who seemingly was eager to take her picture before she was ready to pose. After a paparazzi yelled, "Shut the fuck up," Roan was captured in videos taken by onlookers as responding "You shut the fuck up."
As seen by videos shared on X (formerly Twitter), the 26-year-old singer-songwriter, who was wearing a medieval-inspired, hooded gown, was at the start of the carpet and seemed to be getting ready to walk it when she made the comment. At the time, a member of her team was still preparing her train.
In another video shared on social media, Roan (whose real name is Kayleigh Rose Amstutz) was seen saying, "Not me, bitch," seemingly to the same photographer.
It's unclear why the photographer made the remark to begin with, but according to one clip posted to X, someone in the crowd supported Raon by yelling, "You tell ‘em, girl!"
Roan then went on to walk the carpet and pose for a handful of shots.
Fans on social media have been quick to point out she was setting a boundary and trying to "defend" herself. Some have even joked about how "iconic" the moment was, with one even joking, "Bring real DIVAS back to pop!!"
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Chappell Roan on the 2024 MTV VMAs red carpet.
This year's Video Music Awards marks the "Pink Pony Club" singer's first-ever nominations. She's up for the coveted Best New Artist award—and among the top three finalists—as well as Song of the Summer for "Good Luck, Babe!," Best Trending Video for "HOT TO GO!" and MTV Push Performance of the Year for "Red Wine Supernova."
Roan's comments directed at a photographer on the red carpet come amid her recent statements about needing to set boundaries with fans. As the hitmaker has experienced a rapid ascension since the 2023 release of her debut album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, she's been vocal about struggling to adjust to fame.
In late August, she posted a series of TikToks asking rhetorical questions about whether it is ever okay to "harass" women on the street, referencing recent fan interactions that have made her uncomfortable.
"I don't care that abuse and harassment, stalking, whatever, is a normal thing to do to people who are famous or a little famous, whatever—I don't care that it's normal," she said in the clip.
"I don't care that this crazy type of behavior comes along with the job, the career field I've chosen," she continued. "That does not make it okay. That doesn't make it normal. It doesn't mean I want it, it doesn't mean that I like it."
She later followed up her TikToks with an additional, clarifying statement on Instagram, and has continued to speak out in interviews about her mental health amid her whirlwind of a past year.
Sadie Bell is the Senior Culture Editor at Marie Claire, where she edits, writes, and helps to ideate stories across movies, TV, books, and music, from interviews with talent to pop culture features and trend stories. She has a passion for uplifting rising stars, and a special interest in cult-classic movies, emerging arts scenes, and music. She has over eight years of experience covering pop culture and her byline has appeared in Billboard, Interview Magazine, NYLON, PEOPLE, Rolling Stone, Thrillist and other outlets. 

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


In its musical moments, Ryan Coogler's vampire blockbuster makes a powerful statement about Black culture, ancestry, and art.


To coincide with the film's anniversary, Mia Berrin from Pom Pom Squad reflects on what it's meant to her artistic journey.


With her new album 'LETHAL' coming soon, the rapper opens up about her musical preferences for the 'Marie Claire' series "Listen Up."


The A24 film's costume and production designers open up about crafting fictional pop icon Moretti’s style and mysterious estate.


The artist known as Japanese Breakfast opens up about finding her sound on a new album after experiencing whirlwind success.


The Academy Awards are for the pop girls, actually.


With their new album 'Silver Deliverer' coming soon, the sister act opens up about their musical preferences for the 'Marie Claire' series "Listen Up."


The superstar—who has the most wins in the award show's history—took home the biggest prize of the night for 'Cowboy Carter.'


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.