Michael Keaton will host "Saturday Night Live" on NBC on Saturday, Oct. 19, 2024. Musical guest will be Billie Eilish.Rosalind O'Connor/NBC
Michael Keaton will host “Saturday Night Live” this week.
“Saturday Night Live” airs at 11:30 p.m. Saturday, Oct. 19, 2024, on NBC.
The musical guest will be Billie Eilish.
The show is celebrating its 50th season this year. Host for Nov. 2 will be John Mulaney. Musical guest will be Chappell Roan.
What is fuboTV?
FuboTV is a streaming service that offers more than 100 live and on-demand channels and includes cloud DVR. FuboTV has a seven-day free trial. Channels include AMC, E!, HGTV, ESPN, NBC Sports, NFL Network, FS1, MSNBC, Food Network, Great American Living, Magnolia Network, Animal Planet, Bravo, FX, CMT, Comedy Central and Hallmark. The Pro plan is $79.99 a month, Elite is $89.99 a month and Premier is $99.99 a month. Add-ons include EPIX, Showtime and Starz.
What is Peacock?
Peacock plans start at $7.99 a month for Premium. The Premium Plus plan is $13.99 a month. Premium Plus includes ad-free content as well as your local NBC affiliate. Peacock includes more than 80,000 hours of content from NBC, Bravo and Telemundo, movies, TV shows, originals, sports and news.
What is DirecTV Stream?
DirecTV Stream provides access to more than 100 channels, hundreds of on-demand titles, the ability to stream through three devices at once, and unlimited Cloud DVR storage. Channels include ABC, HGTV, Hallmark, Bravo, BET, Discovery, Food Network, AMC, Animal Planet, CMT, Comedy Central, FX, ID, Disney, Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon and PBS Kids. There are four packages ranging from Entertainment at $64.99 a month to Premier for $154.99 a month. The streaming service offers a five-day free trial.
What is Sling?
Sling streaming service is $40 a month for the Orange (32 channels) or Blue (40 channels) Levels. Orange plus Blue is $55 a month. Premium subscribers also can get a month of Showtime, STARZ and EPIX for free. Channels include CMT, Bravo, BET, Comedy Central, A&E, AMC, Animal Planet, Discovery+, Hallmark, History, National Geographic, Lifetime, TLC and USA.
Billie Eilish will be the musical guest on "Saturday Night Live" on Oct. 19, 2024, on NBC. Here, she arrives at the 35th annual Palm Springs International Film Festival Awards Gala on Thursday, Jan. 4, 2024, in Palm Springs, California.Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices