Sign up to get insider stories, advice, and a first look at how we’re tackling poverty across the UK.  
2024 was the year of country music and Chappell Roan for pop star Henry Moodie
Photo credit: Katie Silvester
Fast-rising pop star Henry Moodie has had one hell of a year by anyone’s standards, selling out music venues across the UK and Europe, playing festivals around the world, advocating for mental health and releasing his debut EP to his millions of followers across TikTok, Instagram and more.
But was he one of the hundreds of thousands of fans to get Oasis tickets ? And what Christmas tradition does his family still keep alive?
For our My Big Year series Henry Moodie remembers 2024 – from the highest of highs to the lowest of lows.
BIG ISSUE: What has been the standout moment of 2024?
HENRY MOODIE: I would say festival season in Asia and Australia this summer! I got to visit so many countries and cultures I’ve always dreamed of going to and experiencing and some of those festivals were the biggest crowds I’ve ever performed to. I’m so grateful that people are reacting to my music out there.
What do you think the world got right this year?
I feel like music has been incredible this year. I’m loving how people are taking a lot of inspiration from country music as that genre is very storytelling based, which I love! there’s so many incredible new artists such as Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan and Benson Boone.
What do you think the world got wrong this year?
I was really sad to see Donald Trump elected. The narcissistic, racist, homophobic rhetoric from the leader of the most powerful country in the world I find deeply upsetting. I felt a lot of hope in Kamala, she couldn’t be more qualified for the job.
Did you get Oasis tickets?
I tried to get some for my dad‘s birthday, but sadly I couldn’t!
What is your cultural highlight of 2024 – book, film, podcast, TV show, live event, radio moment?
I think my cultural highlight was the rise of Chappell Roan. I love her authenticity and queer representation; her performances are so energetic and theatrical, and her pop melodies are very hooky!
What is the most odd family Christmas tradition you keep?
We still go to the pantomime every year – and always on Christmas Eve. 
Do you have a story to tell or opinions to share about this? Get in touch and tell us more. This Christmas, you can make a lasting change on a vendor’s life. Buy a magazine from your local vendor in the street every week. If you can’t reach them, buy a Vendor Support Kit.
Never miss an issue
By signing up, you agree to our privacy policy and terms of use, and to receive
										messages from the Big Issue and our partners.
Awards & Accreditations
For each subscription to the magazine, we’ll provide a vendor with a reusable water bottle, making it easier for them to access cold water on hot days.