By 

	Larisha Paul


	This Halloween season, Olivia Rodrigo wants to make you scream your guts out. But the singer-songwriter is all treats and no tricks as she unveils the first trailer for Olivia Rodrigo: GUTS World Tour, the concert film premiering Oct. 29 on Netflix.

	“OK, here’s the deal,” she tells the audience in the clip. “Right now, I want you to think about something or someone that really just pissed you off. And when the lights go down, you’re gonna scream as loud as you can and let it all out. OK?”

	Far from a fright fest, the Guts movie was filmed during one of Rodrigo’s two sold-out shows at the Intuit Dome in Los Angeles back in August. The show opened with “Bad Idea Right?” and closed on “Good 4 U” and “Get Him Back!” The show spanned nearly two hours of music from the singer’s two albums Guts and Sour. In a scene captured backstage, the 21-year-old tells her crew: “I’m so grateful that I get to be here and do this with you guys. I love you all to death.”

	










	Each night on tour, Rodrigo wears a custom tank top for her encore. In the trailer, she’s sporting the “Liv Laugh Love” shirt that she wore on her first night at the Intuit Dome. That happened to be the same night that Chappell Roan joined her onstage to perform “Hot to Go!” Clips of the performance spread like wildfire across social media, but now there’s hope that the concert film will immortalize it forever in HD.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Roan and Rodrigo both work closely with producer Dan Nigro, often ending up at the same studio. Roan recorded backing vocals on the Guts songs “Lacy” and “Obsessed.” And they channel the same DGAF-energy both onstage and in the studio. “I remember her walking into the studio one day and just flat-out saying ‘I don’t give a fuck about what people say anymore. If I like it, then it’s good,’ ” Rodrigo recently told Rolling Stone. “I could tell she actually meant it, too. That’s her magic.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.