By
Lauren Boisvert
After scalpers and bots bought up a significant amount of tickets to Chappell Roan‘s Franklin, Tennessee show, the pop star canceled those tickets and is now re-releasing them to actual fans looking to see her live. She addressed the issues in a recent video posted to Twitter/X. 
“Franklin!” she captioned the post. “We scrubbed and canceled scalper tickets for my show this week and are releasing a limited number of tickets to you.” She then added that fans can go to this website to request a ticket to the show. 
[Get Tickets to See Chappell Roan Perform Live]
“My show at FirstBank Amphitheatre on Oct. 1 sold out really quickly and we figured out why: scalpers and bots just bought up all the tickets,” Chappell said in the video. “So we went through and canceled all the scalper tickets we could, so from that we’re going to release a limited number of tickets to you, because I want to make sure that tickets go to people who actually want to come and, like, our fans.”
Chappell Roan didn’t specify how many tickets are available, but fans can head to the website and try their luck with getting tickets this time. Those who get through the virtual queue will be asked to submit their information, then will be notified later if they are selected to purchase tickets. 
[RELATED: Jewel Supports Chappell Roan Setting Her Boundaries, Recalls Harrowing Moments with Stalkers]
Chappell Roan recently shared that she was “heartbroken” after having to cancel two shows in France and the Netherlands. She was scheduled for Le Bataclan in Paris on September 3, and Melkweg in Amsterdam on September 4. In a post on Twitter, she claimed scheduling conflicts with the VMAs on September 11 led to the cancelations. Additionally, she was due to perform in Berlin on August 31 that was rescheduled for September 23. 
“I am so sorry & very disappointed,” she wrote in the post. “I promise I will be back. I’m heartbroken.” Some fans in the comments were incensed that she canceled the shows, claiming they were out “hundreds of pounds” for flights and lodging. 
“Not cool at all,” one person wrote. Another commented, “She really [chose] the VMAS over her fans but i thought she hated fame??”
Disappointed fans are common when an artist cancels shows, especially when people follow an artist overseas. One person wrote, “artists need to understand a lot of ppl aren’t rich, and cancelling a show two days before the actual event when people made plans, booked hotels and planes, is f–ked up! at least say why you cancelled the shows, that’s the minimum you could do.”
However, many people in the comments called out the inherent privilege of flying to a different country to see an artist. “We need to bring back just going to the show closest to you and not flying across the world for a concert just cuz it’s fun… that’s a privilege in itself,” one person wrote. Word of advice—just don’t post an itemized bill expecting an artist to pay it like this Morgan Wallen fan. 
Featured Image by Daniel DeSlover/ZUMA Press Wire/Shutterstock
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand