The highly anticipated season 33 finale airs tonight on ABC and Disney+.
Disney/Andrew Eccles
 The wait is nearly over (and no, we’re not talking about Thanksgiving). We're referring to the 33rd season finale of Dancing With the Stars, ABC’s long-running competition program which somehow manages to grow more nail-biting every year.

 Tonight's three-hour finale will feature the five remaining couples doing two dances each — a redemption round, which is assigned by judges Carrie Ann Inaba, Derek Hough, and Bruno Tonioli; and a freestyle round in which the competitors can (hopefully) show off their best moves.

 Hosted by Julianne Hough and Alfonso Ribeiro, the telecast will also include performances by the 2025 Dancing With the Stars live touring group and see last season's winners return.

 Ahead of the 33rd season finale of Dancing With the Stars, here is everything you need to know about where to watch the broadcast and how to vote for your favorite performers.

Disney/Eric McCandless
 The 33rd season finale of Dancing With the Stars airs on Tuesday, Nov. 26, at 8 p.m. ET/PT.

Disney/Eric McCandless
 Fans will have a couple of different options for tuning in. The finale will be live on ABC and streaming on Disney+ on Tuesday night. Don't worry if you miss that window to watch; the episode will be available to stream on Hulu the following day, Wednesday, Nov. 27.

Disney/Eric McCandless
 There are five couples left come Tuesday night’s showdown: Super Bowl champ Danny Amendola and Witney Carson; former Bachelor Joey Graziadei and Jenna Johnson; actor Chandler Kinney and Brandon Armstrong; Olympic gymnast Stephen Nedoroscik and Rylee Arnold; and Olympic rugby star Ilona Maher and Alan Bersten.

Disney/Eric McCandless
 You can cast your vote in this year's finale at www.dwtsvote.abc.com.

 Voting begins with the live telecasts in your local area — 8 p.m. ET/PT; and 7 p.m. CST. ABC reports that this year’s winners will be determined by combining the scores of Tuesday night’s finale with last week’s semifinals.

 The 33rd season finale of Dancing With the Stars airs tonight on ABC at 8 p.m. ET/PT and 7 p.m. CT.

Disney/Eric McCandless
 This year’s finale will include many segments in addition to the main competition.

 A redemption round will find all five couples getting a second chance at a performance they bungled earlier on in the season; Maher and Bersten will remount their jive to Ray Charles & the Blues Brothers’ “Shake A Tail Feather,” while Graziadei and Johnson will take another stab at their cha-cha to Justin Timberlake's “Can’t Stop the Feeling!”

 There will also be a freestyle round featuring the finalists improvising to tracks like Coldplay’s “Viva La Vida” and a Barbie mash-up of Lizzo’s “Pink” and Ryan Gosling's “I’m Just Ken.”

 Mark Ballas and Derek Hough will perform a rendition of Tango Bardo’s “Libertango,” while members of the Dancing With the Stars 2025 live tour will break out a version of Troye Sivan’s “Rush.”

 Notably, last season’s winners Xochitl Gomez and Val Chmerkovskiy are returning to the studio to perform a routine to Chappell Roan’s "Pink Pony Club."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)