Top Congressional Democrats reintroduce Equality Act on Trump’s 100th day in office
George Santos sentenced to 87 months in prison for fraud case
Democratic lawmakers travel to El Salvador, demand information about gay Venezuelan asylum seeker
Goodlander endorses Pappas’s Senate bid
EXCLUSIVE: Garcia demands answers on deportation of gay Venezuelan asylum seeker
D.C. liquor board extends drinking hours for WorldPride
Episcopal bishop to speak at WorldPride human rights conference
Pabllo Vittar to perform at WorldPride
$3.7 billion RFK stadium proposal draws support from Team DC
Welcome home: DC LGBTQ Center opens its doors to healing and hope
RFK Jr.’s HHS report pushes therapy, not medical interventions, for trans youth
Trump nominates Mike Waltz to become next UN ambassador
Second federal lawsuit filed against White House passport policy
HHS to retire 988 crisis lifeline for LGBTQ youth
Supreme Court hears oral arguments in LGBTQ education case
Executive director of LGBTQ Catholic group to travel to Rome for conclave
LGBTQ activist murdered in Lesotho
LGBTQ Kashmiri students targeted after terrorist attack
Potential Pope Francis successor views homosexuality as an ‘abomination’
Liberal Party wins Canadian election
INDIGNACIÓN: ¡El transfeminicidio de Sara Millerey en Colombia nos cuestiona como sociedad!
Suspensión de fondos de USAID golpea con fuerza a grupos LGBTQ en El Salvador
El suicidio de Rick: bullying, homofobia y una madre que busca justicia
Mujeres diversas marchan en El Salvador exigiendo justicia e igualdad en el 8M
Noboa y González van a segunda vuelta en Ecuador: ¿cuáles son sus propuestas LGBTQ?
PDAB: A mysterious acronym that could affect your health
TRAITOR: Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has blood on his hands
Congressional Equality Caucus should participate in WorldPride
How I changed my documents
We must show up to WorldPride 2025 in D.C.
PHOTOS: Victory Fund National Champagne Brunch
Tom Goss returns with ‘Bear Friends Furever Tour’
Calendar: May 2-8
English soccer bans transgender women from women’s teams
Theatre Prometheus spreads queer joy with ‘Galatea’
No, ‘Mid-Century Modern’ is not a ‘Golden Girls’ remake
Queer TV to watch this spring
Putting off watching ‘Monsters?’ You’re missing out
PBS ‘Disco’ is a Pride party you don’t want to miss
Lesbian road movie returns with campy ‘Dolls’
Union Market’s Last Call Bar a welcoming oasis for all
RAMMYs honors restaurant industry professionals
Behind the bar with Moon Rabbit’s Thi Nguyen
My Rehoboth Beach culinary tour
New D.C. restaurants opening just in time for spring
Theatre Prometheus spreads queer joy with ‘Galatea’
Timely comedy ‘Fake It’ focuses on Native American themes
‘Bad Books’ a timely look at censorship in local library
STC’s ‘Vanya’  puts pleasing twist on Chekhov classic
Out actor Ángel Lozado on his new role in ‘In the Heights’
Jacob Elordi rides high in ‘On Swift Horses’
Infectious ‘Egghead & Twinkie’ celebrates love and allyship
Heartfelt ‘Wedding Banquet’ remake a romcom worth seeing
An ‘Indian Boy’ challenges family tradition in sweet romcom
Sexy small town secrets surface in twisty French ‘Misericordia’
Tom Goss returns with ‘Bear Friends Furever Tour’
Kylie brings ‘Tension’ tour to D.C.
Busy season for live music in D.C.
Pride concert to take place at Strathmore after Kennedy Center rescinds invitation
J. Lo, Troye Sivan, RuPaul added to WorldPride Music Festival
Chronicling disastrous effects of ‘conversion therapy’
How one gay Catholic helped change the world
‘Pronoun Trouble’ reminds us that punctuation matters
New book helps vulnerable people to stay safe
‘Hurt Capital’ chronicles young life of bipolar, trans writer
PHOTOS: Victory Fund National Champagne Brunch
PHOTOS: Cherry ‘Fire’
PHOTOS: Night of Champions
PHOTOS: Mr., Mx, & Miss Capital Pride Pageant
PHOTOS: La Loca
April showers bring May flowers in life — and in real estate
Spring updates to sell your home for pride and profit
Navigating DMV real estate market during political unrest
New trends for old kitchens
Spring cleaning your rental relationship
US contributes more than $90 million to fight mpox outbreak in Africa
Mpox outbreak in Africa declared global health emergency
White House urged to expand PrEP coverage for injectable form
Young gay Latinos see rising share of new HIV cases, leading to call for targeted funding
Asian American and LGBTQ: A Heritage of Pride
US contributes more than $90 million to fight mpox outbreak in Africa
Mpox outbreak in Africa declared global health emergency
White House urged to expand PrEP coverage for injectable form
Young gay Latinos see rising share of new HIV cases, leading to call for targeted funding
Asian American and LGBTQ: A Heritage of Pride
New Mexico guv signs marijuana legalization
Delaware cannabis activists take on corporate marijuana
Virginia marijuana legalization takes effect July 1
Highstream 420 Festival Livestream
Cannabis Culture
NEW YEAR NEW YOU 2020: Local VIDA master trainer on trends, tips and technology at the gym
Why a personalized diet can help you achieve better results
Al Roker blasts Jillian Michaels for criticizing Keto diet
Make 2019 your year for fitness
Raising healthy adults starts now
Owners win top honors from Delaware Restaurant Association
Published
on
By
The Comings & Goings column is about sharing the professional successes of our community. We want to recognize those landing new jobs, new clients for their business, joining boards of organizations and other achievements. Please share your successes with us at [email protected]. 
The Comings & Goings column also invites LGBTQ college students to share their successes with us. If you have been elected to a student government position, gotten an exciting internship, or are graduating and beginning your career with a great job, let us know so we can share your success. 
Congratulations to Second Block Hospitality, winners of the Delaware Restaurant Association’s designation as Restaurateurs of the Year. This award was won by business partners Lion Gardner, David Gonce, Tyler Townsend, and Bob Suppies, whose Second Block Hospitality restaurants include Bodhi Kitchen, The Pines, and Drift, all in Rehoboth Beach, Del.
“The partners of Second Block Hospitality, each bring unique expertise from diverse business backgrounds, and have successfully united to create a flourishing restaurant group in downtown Rehoboth Beach. Their first venture, The Pines, was inspired by the rich history and hospitality of old Rehoboth Beach, where pine trees meet the ocean. Their newest ventures, Drift Seafood & Raw Bar, and Bodhi Kitchen, showcase sophisticated seafood and Asian-inspired street food, earning awards, accolades, and features in top regional publications. Driven by a mission of hospitality, innovation, and community, the team exemplifies the qualities honored by the Restaurateurs of the Year Award, celebrating their passion, diversity, and creativity in Delaware’s dining scene.”
Townsend said, “The entire team at Second Block Hospitality is thrilled to have won Restaurateurs of the Year. Since 2018, we have worked hard to bring the very best in dining, cocktails, entertainment, and décor.” 
Suppies added, “Yes, winning this award truly validates we are on the right path to keep bringing innovative design paired with amazing food and drinks. More is coming from Second Block for sure.”
Delaware advocacy group to host panel on media’s role in countering hate
GOP candidate in Del. House race expresses LGBTQ support
Rehoboth hosts Women’s+ Fest this weekend
New D.C. theater season offers ‘Inheritance,’ ‘Vanya,’ more
Array of queer events on tap for D.C. this spring
Body to ‘strengthen ties’ between government and community        
Published
on
By
Delaware Gov. Bethany Hall-Long on Jan. 16 signed and issued an executive order creating a Delaware State LGBTQ+ Commission that she said will hold public forums for the exchange of ideas on the needs of the state’s diverse LGBTQ community.
“The nine-member commission will serve to strengthen ties between the government and LGBTQ+ organizations,” a statement released by the governor’s office says.
The statement adds that the new commission will “help remove barriers to societal participation for LGBTQ+ people and improve the delivery of services to the community in Delaware to areas such as employment, equality, education, and mental health.”
It says that members of the commission will be appointed by the governor and serve without monetary compensation for a three-year term.
According to the statement, the commission members “will represent different facets of the LGBTQ+ community, taking into account age, race, gender, identity, background, life experiences and other factors, and reflect the geographic diversity of the state.”
Hall-Long’s executive order creating the new commission came at a time when she is serving in effect as interim governor for a period of just two weeks. As lieutenant governor, she became governor on Jan. 7 when outgoing Gov. John Carney resigned to take office in his newly elected position of mayor of Wilmington.
Carney, who served two terms as governor, could not run again for that position under Delaware’s term limit law. Democrat Matt Myer won the governor’s election in November and will be sworn in as Delaware’s next governor on Jan. 21, when Hall-Long will step down.
Myer was expected to appoint the commission members in the weeks following his assumption of gubernatorial duties.
“Ultimately, the commission will advise the governor, members of the governor’s Cabinet, members of the General Assembly, and other policymakers on the effect of agency policies, procedures, practices, laws, and administrative rules on the unique challenges and needs of LGBTQ+ people,”  the statement released by Hall-Long’s office says.
“It is truly an honor to bring this commission to fruition, and I am very excited to see the positive changes the commission will make in the lives of our LGBTQ+ neighbors,” Hall-Long said in the statement.
David Mariner, executive director of Sussex Pride, an LGBTQ advocacy group based in Delaware’s Sussex County, which includes Rehoboth Beach, praised the new executive order as an important step in advancing LGBTQ equality.
“It is my hope that through this commission, we can address the critical issues facing LGBTQ Delawareans,” Mariner said in his own statement.
“This includes developing an LGBTQ health report with a tangible roadmap to health equity, increasing collaboration and communication on hate crimes and hate-related activities, and ensuring that nondiscrimination protections, guaranteed by law, are a reality for all of our residents,” he said.
The statement announcing the LGBTQ+ Commission and the full text of the executive order can be accessed here. 
Blade editor among journalists participating in Wednesday event
Published
on
By
LEWES, Del. — Speak Out Against Hate (SOAH) will hold its bi-monthly community meeting at 5 p.m. on Nov. 13 at the Lewes Library and via Zoom. The meeting will concentrate on the role of the press in responding to the divisiveness and rising tide of hatred in our country and communities. 
The meeting will feature a panel of journalists comprised of Chris Rauch, owner and publisher of the Cape Gazette; Benjamin Rothstein, journalist at the Daily State News and its sister paper the Greater Dover Independent; Kevin Naff, editor and co-owner of the Washington Blade; and Jake Owens, editor-in-chief of Spotlight Delaware.
Patty Maloney, president of SOAH said, “Following a national and state elections that saw our country nearly evenly divided, this important discussion with our local press will shine a light upon the role of the press locally and nationally in confronting the obvious chasm within our citizenry.”
For more information about the event and to register, please visit Speak Out Against Hate at soah-de.org.
Speak Out Against Hate was formed to confront and counter the rising tide of hate, whenever and wherever it exists.
Simpler says trans residents deserve protection from discrimination
Published
on
By
Early voting is underway in Delaware and one race that has captivated the LGBTQ community is the 14th District House seat being vacated by longtime ally Pete Schwartzkopf. Claire Snyder-Hall, a lesbian, won the Democratic primary and faces Republican Mike Simpler. But Simpler says the LGBTQ community shouldn’t discount him simply because he’s a Republican.
“I was kind of upset that they would even think of me being a Republican, that I would discriminate against the LGBTQ community in general,” Simpler told the Blade. “It’s kind of upsetting knowing that I’m born and raised here, and I’ve had family members that way. I mean the treasurer of my campaign is a lesbian. It’s just upsetting that people feel that way about the gay community in general.” 
Simpler, a lifelong resident of Sussex County and the current president of the Rehoboth Beach Volunteer Fire Company said that his experience in the role has allowed him to work alongside many different types of people, including members of the LGBTQ community. 
“We probably have the most diverse fire company in the state of Delaware, when it comes to the LGBTQ group,” he said. “People need to realize that the LGBTQ [community] is no different than the rest of the people in the world.”
Simpler also shared with the Blade that he has had firsthand experience with a unique aspect of LGBTQ culture — drag. He dressed up in drag at a fundraiser held at The Pines, a popular gay venue in Rehoboth Beach.
“I was asked to volunteer for a fundraiser, and next thing you know, I find out I’m going to be in drag at The Pines,” Simpler said. “We had a ball! I mean, I had so much fun.”   
Not only did Simpler definitively say he supports the LGBTQ community in Delaware, but he added he supports legislative protections for these communities. He pointed out that providing a safe space for marginalized communities is ingrained in American history.  
“Protect them,” he said when asked about the potential of supporting pro-transgender legislation amid a wave of anti-LGBTQ state legislation being passed nationwide. “You’ve got to. They’re trying to escape. For example, they’re trying to escape the process like the Jews did, like the Chinese when they came here. They’re trying to move away from an issue where they’re being prosecuted against to somewhere where they can be free and enjoy their life that they want to live.” 
In addition to promising LGBTQ support, Simpler says he backs smarter growth in the region by prioritizing better development and efforts to alleviate traffic. He also pledges to attract high-quality jobs to the region.
Simpler faces Synder-Hall in the Nov. 5 general election. Read the Blade’s profile of her, here: https://www.washingtonblade.com/2024/09/24/claire-snyder-hall-interview/
Early voting is already underway. 
TRAITOR: Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has blood on his hands
Potential Pope Francis successor views homosexuality as an ‘abomination’
Jacob Elordi rides high in ‘On Swift Horses’
Liberal Party wins Canadian election
© Copyright Brown, Naff, Pitts Omnimedia, Inc. 2021. All rights reserved | Powered by Keynetik.