E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

Deadlines:


Monday-Friday 8:30am-4:00pm, Call 610-915-2226


(Proofs will be provided for accuracy only, they will not be styled/formatted like the finished product)


Obituaries submitted on Saturday, Sunday and Holidays are accepted from 8:30 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. by email only Obit@delcotimes.com


(No proofs will be furnished. Pricing will not be available until the next business day after 10:00am by calling Dianne at 610-915-2226)


Obituaries received after Deadline will not be published in the following edition of the paper.


Sending Procedure:


Email is the preferable method for receiving Obituaries (and the only method on Saturday, Sunday and Holidays), they can be sent to Obit@delcotimes.com (Feel free to call and confirm that we’ve received the email)


Formatting:


Obituaries will continue to visually look the same as they currently do, but you will no longer be restricted in what you can say (ex. As much Family can be listed as you’d like; Wording like “Went to rest with the Lord” is now permissible)


Other:


There is a cost for each obituary. Pricing and payments are only available Monday through Friday, 8:30 am to 4:00 pm. All weekend and holiday submissions will be provided a cost the next business day.


Exceptions:


All New accounts, Out of State Funeral Homes and Private Parties will require prepayment upon approval of the obituary. Weekend and Holiday staff are not authorized to set up a new account or process payments


Deadline for the above is before 4:00 PM Mon – Fri. only (Holiday schedules may vary).


Prepayment required submissions will be handled on the very first business day following the weekend and/or holiday schedule. A complete name, address and best contact phone number are required upon submittal of your obituary request to set up your account. A proof will then be emailed for review but placed on hold until payment is received.

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
Throughout the year, Rock Music Menu will be traveling to various music festivals around the globe. Keep an eye on this spot to follow along.
Following two straight years post-COVID overcoming seemingly insurmountable last-minute lineup obstacles, Boston Calling was poised for a letdown.
Too many times it had dodged a bullet. When the 2024 bill was revealed in January, there were endless complaints across social media about it not being good enough, the fest having finally run its course, etc.
And once again, the naysayers were proven wrong.
Taking place on Memorial Day weekend, the three-day destination event saw headlining sets from The Killers, Ed Sheeran, Hozier, Tyler Childers, Trey Anastasio and, while she was listed lower on the bill, Megan Thee Stallion.
Set on the grounds of the Harvard Athletic Complex over four stages, with one expressly for homegrown talent, this year’s Boston Calling had its challenges just like any other fest, but almost all of that was overshadowed by the music.
Opening Friday, the long weekend kicked off with spirited sets from neo-soul star Leon Bridges and Young the Giant, with frontman Sameer Gadhia from the latter noting that they had played the first-ever Boston Calling back in 2013 when it was still a two-stage event held in downtown Boston’s Financial District.
Plagued with technical issues from the outset, the alt-rockers pulled it together for hits like “Cough Syrup” and “My Body.” This summer, YTG will be on the road with Cage the Elephant and roll into the Mann Sept. 6.
It was Ed Sheeran who stole the day, though.
He handled the entire performance solo, in front of tens of thousands of people no less, with just an acoustic guitar, a small keyboard set up and a live looping system.
No matter what he was singing — and at one point rapping — the redheaded U.K. sensation received a constant whine of screams from the girls in the first couple dozen rows which was near deafening, depending on your proximity to the stage.
Day 2 was much more sparsely attended, despite picture-perfect weather.
An early favorite was psychedelic rock trio Khruangbin — pronounced kuh-rang-bin — taking the Green Stage just before sunset.
Afterwards, a stone’s throw away on the Red Stage, Trey Anastasio reminded everyone why the bootleg guys outside the complex were selling tie-dye T-shirts.
The Phish guitarist burned through a set very heavy on his primary outfit, doing just one solo number.
Anastasio and the night’s headliner, Tyler Childers, were the primary reason for the light turnout.
For whatever reason, jam band and modern country just didn’t resonate with attendees and draw enough of a crowd. Estimates put Saturday at just 16,000.
Organizers more than made up for it with 40,000 plus cramming into the final day.
Not only was the bill top heavy, but there was also a midafternoon appearance of pop sensation Chappell Roan, who had broken out in a major way since the lineup came out.
Drawing a small fraction of the crowd in the midst of all the mainstream pop Sunday was Christone “Kingfish” Ingram. The blues singer and guitarist from Mississippi wailed away and even ventured down into the audience area by the barricades to rip off a fiery solo.
It was clear Megan Thee Stallion, who played the Wells Fargo Center just last week, had a strong following on hand. Fans sang along to every lyric by the rapper, lines to songs we can’t even print the titles for in a family newspaper.
After her set, there was a surge toward the next stage, creating one of the tightest, largest swarms of bodies this regular festivalgoer has ever seen. But despite multiple instances of EMTs forcing themselves through the throng, there were no serious injuries reported.
Hozier, who played the Freedom Mortgage Pavilion in Camden the night prior, is seeing a second wave of career popularity, some decade after his first hit, “Take Me to Church.”
Returning in 2023 after a four-year break, the Irish folk rock singer was back to being nearly drowned out by his audience singing over him, this time not just to hits of yore, but the chart topping “Too Sweet” from this March.
By the time The Killers appeared almost 10 minutes late for their headlining slot, much of the crowd was visibly exhausted.
However, the Las Vegas crew was very motivational in sprinkling six songs from their 2004 synth-rock masterpiece “Hot Fuss” into the set. One of those tracks, “On Top,” was paused about three-quarters through due to someone in the audience needing medical attention.
Criticisms were aplenty in the hours following the festival, with many complaining of being crushed, having panic attacks because of the sheer number of people and some insisting the day had been oversold.
Organizers said that simply wasn’t true.
“While attendee count was several thousand below the official capacity rating of the site, we never want anyone to feel uncomfortable or unsafe at the show,” read a statement posted on Instagram. “The safety and well-being of our fans, artists, guests and staff is paramount. We will continue to work with public officials and our operations team to improve the experience, layout, and ultimately create a better environment for everyone.”
This was hardly the first time Boston Calling has faced challenges in recent years.
Back in 2022, Foo Fighters had to pull out of their opening night headline slot after the tragic death of drummer Taylor Hawkins that March.
Industrial icons Nine Inch Nails took their place. Then, the weekend of the festival, Saturday night headliner The Strokes had to bail because someone in their camp contracted COVID.
Once more, Nine Inch Nails stepped up, playing an unprecedented two nights in a row.
Last year, Yeah Yeah Yeahs — first night co-headliners with Foo Fighters — pulled out the day before due to an illness in the band.
Trent Reznor was nowhere to be found, but Boston stalwart punks Dropkick Murphys took the emergency call and were warmly received as dad-rock unit The National slid into the co-headlining slot.
To see more photos from Boston Calling 2023 head to delcotimes.com
Keep an eye on this spot as each week we’ll be looking at new or soon-to-be-released vinyl from a variety of artists. It might be a re-pressing of a landmark recording, special edition or new collection from a legendary act.
This week, it’s an incredibly important set of soul recordings from a label founded by Sam Cooke.
“Sam Cooke’s SAR Records Story 1959-1965”
Originally released by ABKCO as a two-CD set in 1994, “Sam Cooke’s SAR Records Story 1959-1965” is finally available on vinyl as a four-LP set.
The collection gathers significant recordings of SAR Records, the label Sam Cooke co-founded, produced the majority of records for, and was instrumental in operating before his untimely death in December 1964.
Groundbreaking artists such as The Soul Stirrers, Johnnie Taylor, Billy Preston and Bobby Womack’s group The Valentinos are all featured, in addition to Cooke himself. In an era where black-owned labels were a rarity, the Los Angeles-based SAR Records was founded at almost exactly the same time as Motown, its Detroit counterpart.
SAR was established in 1959 by Sam Cooke, music publisher J.W. Alexander, and S. Roy Crain, Cooke’s road manager and founder of gospel group The Soul Stirrers.
The acronym standing for Sam Alex Roy, SAR sought to keep gospel music alive while simultaneously crossing over to pop audiences in the mainstream.
The first and second LPs of the “SAR Records Story” focus on the gospel side of things, while the third and fourth encompass the pop end of the spectrum.
From choosing talent, to writing a great number of songs, to producing, SAR was entirely the fulfillment of Cooke’s vision on a musical/creative level.
The superstar singer, who had already crossed over from the gospel world himself, tirelessly coached the vocalists during SAR recording sessions, emphasizing diction. His methods are heard throughout the collection, as he is heard speaking to artists between takes.
While Sam Cooke himself was never signed to his own label, he obtained the rights to unreleased masters recorded under Keen Records in place of unpaid royalties.
These tracks were put out on SAR and are included on the box set, along with a demo version of his No. 1 1957 hit “You Send Me.”
“Sam Cooke’s SAR Records Story 1959-1965” contains comprehensive liner notes written by music historian Peter Guralnick, who has since gone on to author “Dream Boogie: The Triumph of Sam Cooke,” which was published in 2005.
In Guralnick’s summation of SAR, he writes that the label “sought a way to broaden the appeal of gospel music while introducing the techniques of gospel into the world of pop.”
Look for “Sam Cooke’s SAR Records Story 1959-1965” online and from all respectable retailers who carry vinyl.
To contact music columnist Michael Christopher, send an email to rockmusicmenu@gmail.com. Also, check out his website at thechroniclesofmc.com.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group