2024 is looking like an amazing year for queer representation in music, with some of the year’s biggest names in pop, R&B, and rock falling on the LGBTQIA+ spectrum. So when it comes to the 2025 Grammy Awards, we might be pleasantly surprised to see multiple queer names on the list.
One of the year’s biggest queer sensations is pop star Chappell Roan, who is having a breakout 2024 with her album "The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess." The new sapphic icon is almost a surefire bet for a Best New Artist nomination, especially with the support of Producer of the Year nominee Dan Nigro and the intensive promotional blitz her team is carrying out. Furthermore, Roan could surprise in the genre categories, especially if she submits something to the alternative field. Even if she doesn’t, it wouldn’t be a shocker to see her in Best Pop Vocal Album; on the charts, "Midwest Princess" is currently outperforming other contenders like Dua Lipa’s "Radical Optimism" and Tate McRae’s "Think Later." Plus, if it keeps steadily growing, Roan’s song “Good Luck, Babe!” could also show up in a couple of categories.
Roan might be joined by fellow breakout Reneé Rapp, who has had a big year with both her music and film work. Rapp, who identifies as a lesbian, had been generating buzz for a while, but she finally earned a hit this year with “Not My Fault,” featuring Megan Thee Stallion, from the "Mean Girls" soundtrack. The pop bop peaked inside the top 10 on the Mainstream Top 40 chart, and might earn nominations in both Best Pop Duo/Group Performance and Best Song Written for Visual Media. Plus, with all the hype she’s received this year, it also would make sense to see Rapp in the Best New Artist lineup.
Another major female LGTBQIA+ representative this year is Grammy darling Billie Eilish, who came out not so long ago. Eilish’s new album, "Hit Me Hard and Soft," is her first to openly deal with sapphic themes, especially in the lead single “Lunch,” in which she sings very openly about sexual desire for another woman. Eilish is sure to get nominated for Album, Record, and Song of the Year, as well as in the pop categories. She is also in contention for top wins, especially in Album of the Year. "Hit Me" has been a huge success in all fronts -- massively acclaimed while also giving Eilish her biggest debut week ever by equivalent album units.
Also in the pop field, there’s gay icon Troye Sivan, who received his first two career nominations last year for his hit “Rush.” Sivan could return this year, and funny enough it might be in the same categories. His hit “Got Me Started,” featured in the hit movie "Anyone But You," is a real possibility for a Best Dance Pop Recording nomination. There’s also Best Music Video, where Sivan could get in for either of his acclaimed videos: “Got Me Started” or “One of Your Girls.”
In R&B, there’s Tinashe, who is experiencing a big moment right now with her hit “Nasty.” Tinashe, who’s publicly out as bisexual, is looking for her first Grammy nominations ever after years of mostly underappreciated work in the genre. “Nasty” is a possible nominee for Best R&B Song and Best R&B Performance and, should she win, she would be one of the few queer artists to do so in the genre, joining champs like Paul Jabara and Luther Vandross.
Lastly, there are a couple high-profile names in alternative music who also happen to be queer women. First is Brittany Howard, who has won many Grammys thus far and is a field favorite. She is in contention with her acclaimed release "What Now," which features the hit single of the same name. Howard will likely be joined by St. Vincent, who is also a field favorite and will be nominated for her equally-loved "All Born Screaming." The rock and alternative categories have been quite open to queer winners in the past few years, with artists like Howard, St. Vincent, Boygenius, and Justin Kiszka (of Greta Van Fleet) picking up trophies in the past five years.
So for the 2025 Grammys, expect queer talent to be all over the nominations. The monumental work done by LGBTQIA+ artists recently is certainly not going to go unnoticed -- or at least I'd like to believe so. Of course, one can never be too sure at the Grammys, but given how much the Grammys claim to embrace diversity, we should see a banner year in terms of queer inclusion.
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media