Vevo has announced its “DSCVR Artists to Watch” List for 2025 ands named 2024 class alum Chappell Roan “DSCVR Artist of the Year.”
via A2IM
Vevo “DSCVR Artists to Watch” 2025
Vevo, the world’s leading music video network, today released the complete list for its highly-anticipated Vevo “DSCVR Artists to Watch” 2025 campaign. Now in its eleventh year, Vevo’s DSCVR ATW program is a highly curated selection of global artists who Vevo has tipped to break through to the mainstream. Starting Tuesday, November 12th, Vevo’s DSCVR ATW will showcase high-quality live performance video content from the class of 2025, with two bespoke performances from each artist, shot exclusively for Vevo. Born out of Vevo’s taste-making DSCVR series, “DSCVR Artists To Watch” is one of the most highly anticipated and competitive lists in the emerging music space, receiving over 600 submissions. Artists and bands selected for the program receive critical exposure and promotion that help propel their careers, marketing and features in Vevo’s expert music video programming via playlists and editorial features across Vevo’s network. “Our annual DSCVR Artists to Watch list epitomizes the curatorial expertise and editorial support Vevo offers emerging artists to help them break through.” says JP Evangelista, SVP, Content, Programming & Marketing, Vevo, “While we provide this support for artists daily, the selection process for this predictive list in particular requires a special mix of art and science on a global scale. Our seasoned team of tastemakers diligently comb through each submission across all genres, looking at various trends and datasets, while also tapping into their musical instincts. In addition to the list, the exclusive live performances that we shoot with these artists in the Vevo studios help them build and diversify their visual catalog for further exposure. Making our competitive list is no easy feat. Congratulations to this next class of future stars from around the world!“Vevo has a long history of supporting and introducing emerging artists to new global audiences. ATW alumni are a long list of musical success stories, including Sam Smith (2014), James Bay (2015), Raye (2017), Billie Eilish (2018) Lewis Capaldi (2018), Remi Wolf (2021), Ice Spice (2023) and Chappell Roan (2024), who has been named Vevo’s DSCVR Artist of the Year. “Every year, in celebration of Vevo’s Artist to Watch list, we award one stand-out artist the title of Vevo’s ‘DSCVR Artist of the Year.’ They should embody everything about a successful DSCVR Artist to Watch: drive, stage presence, personality, a kaleidoscopic artistic vision, a sound that is distinctly their own, and (perhaps most importantly) a special and undeniable connection with a global audience. Chappell is an absolute supernova of joyful pop music, and throughout the past year, we’ve had the pleasure of watching her take the world by storm. From record-breaking sets at the most legendary festivals, to a sold-out international tour and the release of an album that gave a voice to so many – we know this is just the beginning. Her ascent to fame will no doubt be in history books, and we’re so honored to have been even a small part of it.”
With the internet and digital technologies driving rapid change within the music industry, articles about new releases and who has been hired and fired are no longer enough. Our up to the minute industry news alongside insightful commentary helps our readers sift through the rumors and developments to find the information they need to keep their businesses moving forward.
 Hypebot is read daily by more than 30,000 music industry professionals including executives and senior staff of music related tech firms, internet based music sites, every major label group and most indies as well as many managers, artists and members of the live music community:
Contact us for the latesst stats, ad rates and sponosorship opportunites. We also offer combined rates with MusicThinkTank.
 “I swear by Hypebot every morning over breakfast.” Derek Sivers Founder, CD Baby
 “Hypebot is the most focused music business centric resource we have.” Celia Hirschman One Little Indian, Downtown Marketing & KCRW-FM
 “Well done.” Seth Godin Marketing guru