By
Chris Piner
Marking the historic 50th season of Saturday Night Live, Lorne Michaels looked to celebrate his massive achievement with the show. Just last week, former SNL writer John Mulaney took the stage as the host. And the close of the show, Chappell Roan produced a mesmerizing performance when she debuted the country song “The Giver.” Even Pete Davidson made an appearance. Keeping with that same excitement, here are all the details surrounding tonight’s episode, if it’s live, and who is hosting. 
Kicking off the weekend right, there will be a new episode of SNL tonight. And making his long-awaited return to the show, controversial comedian Bill Burr will take over the hosting duties. Although known for some hot topics, this isn’t the first time Burr found himself on SNL. He first walked down the iconic stairs back in 2020. Dropping a promo for tonight’s episode, Burr enjoyed some tasty treats from the crafty table. When cast member Marcello Hernandez approached him, the two engaged in a friendly conversation about a plethora of conspiracy theories that surround the world. The only problem, none of the answers revealed themselves due to some perfect comedic timing. 
Bill Burr hosts SNL this weekend pic.twitter.com/cMiqe4ZrmM
[RELATED: Watch: Chappell Roan Takes Over ‘Saturday Night Live’ With New Country Song “The Giver”]
Fans loved the promo and shared their excitement to see Burr return. Comments included, “You can tell he is pissed off already! Ahah” Another person declared, “Comedy gold right there.” 
While Burr is no stranger to the stage or critics, he won’t be the only one under the spotlight. For the musical guest of the evening, that honor has been given to Michael Gordon, who goes by Mk.gee. Spending only a few years in the music industry, the singer-songwriter gained success with songs like “I Know How You Got.”
Although continuously exploring his career over the years, 2024 brought several milestones for the singer. Back in April, he went on a North American tour to promote his album Pitchfork. That same month, he made his debut on television on Jimmy Kimmel Live! And if that wasn’t enough, in May, he passed 1 million listeners on Spotify. With a career on the rise, Mk.gee’s performance is sure to be special. Don’t miss Saturday Night Live, airing tonight at 11:30 ET/PT on NBC. 
(Disney/Christopher Willard)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand