By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:04, 5 September 2024   |  Updated:  17:25, 5 September 2024   
 240
View  comments
Paris Hilton bared it all, literally and figuratively, while starring in one of her raciest photo shoots to date for NYLON. 
While gracing the publication's September cover, the 43-year-old reality star sent pulses racing as she posed topless in just a pair of unbuttoned jeans, which were folded down the sides. 
The socialite, who is married to venture capitalist Carter Reum, preserved her modesty by holding two vanilla ice cream cones in front of her bare breasts. 
Other images, taken during the shoot, show the mother-of-two in various revealing looks, including a plunging denim jumpsuit. 
As expected, the pop diva pushed the boundaries of traditional fashion by wearing a pair of high heeled Roller skates before posing inside a red convertible. 
Paris Hilton bared it all, literally and figuratively, while posing for one of her sexiest photo shoots to date for NYLON
In addition to tapping into her sexy side, the star got vulnerable as she sat down with her longtime friend Bebe Rexha for a wide-ranging interview about her career, the upcoming launch of her sophomore album, Infinite Icon and battling ADHD. 
'People don’t see me as that [dumb blond] character anymore,' The Simple Life alum noted. 'They see me as a human being with feelings, that I’m real and I’m vulnerable and honest. Now people can see me in a different way when it comes to music as well.'
Over the years, Hilton has worked hard to shed the 'dumb blonde' character that she played to cope with her teenage trauma, which included enduring horrific abuse at a boarding school in Utah and a sex tape of her getting released without her consent.
At this point in her life, the mogul says she has been on a 'whole path of self-discovery' and 'reclaiming' her story through her memoir, documentary and, now, music. 
When asked about working with Sia on her first record in 18 years, Hilton gushed she is 'so proud of this album' and explained how the singer 'brought out something' in her that she 'didn't even know' she had in her. 
'To have someone like Sia believe in me made me believe in myself even more,' she explained. 'And she really pushed me to use my real voice. My first album was all about being hot and partying. It was during my party girl era. It was very 2000s and what that whole time was about.'
During that period, Hilton said she would mostly use her 'breathy Marilyn voice,' but Sia 'really pushed' her to sing with her 'real voice.'
While reflecting on using a high-pitched 'baby voice' on TV and in public, Hilton said it started as a 'trauma response' and an attempt to 'create this perfect Barbie doll life.' 
While gracing the publication's September cover, the 43-year-old reality star sent pulses racing as she posed topless in just a pair of unbuttoned jeans, which were folded down the sides
Other images taken during the shoot show the mother-of-two in various revealing looks, including a plunging denim jumpsuit
In addition to tapping into her sexy side, the star got vulnerable as she sat down with her longtime friend Bebe Rexha for a wide-ranging interview about her career, the upcoming launch of her sophomore album, Infinite Icon, and battling ADHD
'[The fake voice] was a protective mask. And then getting on The Simple Life, I was being told, “We want you to play up this ditzy airhead character.” I didn’t realize it would be such a huge success and we’d have to continue on for five seasons,' she admitted. 'Doing all the late night shows and interviews, of course I would have to use the voice there, too. So I just got used to it.'
Now, Hilton is seemingly more comfortable than ever letting the public get to know her while opening up about suffering from attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). 
'I didn’t know until my 20s that I even had it. As a teenager, I just assumed something was wrong, like, “I can’t remember anything. I have no concentration. I can’t focus in class.”' 
She continued: 'I actually hate the word disorder because I don’t think it’s something that’s bad. It’s just our brains work differently. We can focus. We can hyperfocus on things that we care about, but if something’s boring, then we don’t. So if you can harness it in the right way, you can really turn it into a superpower.' 
The performer, then, insisted that without it, she 'wouldn’t be as successful.' 
Hilton, who has a track called ADHD on her upcoming album, said she 'wanted to make an empowering song to let people know that they can still make their dreams come true and not to listen to people who are negative about it. I’ve never really heard a pop star sing about ADHD before.' 
'People don’t see me as that [dumb blond] character anymore,' The Simple Life alum noted. 'They see me as a human being with feelings, that I’m real and I’m vulnerable and honest. Now people can see me in a different way when it comes to music as well'
Over the years, Hilton has worked hard to shed the 'dumb blonde' character that she played to cope with her teenage trauma, which included enduring horrific abuse at a boarding school in Utah and a sex tape of her getting released without her consent
'I’ve never really heard a pop star sing about ADHD before,' she added. 
Hilton also reflected on how 'even just saying “mental health” back in the 2000s' would make people think 'mental hospital.' 
'They weren’t talking about mental health. They weren’t talking about feelings. Everyone just needed to be happy and perfect,' she said of the decade that made her famous. 
The mother-of-two also stated that her relationship to fame has changed since starting her family.  
'In the start of my career, I felt like fame was the ultimate validation,' she confessed. 'And of course I was happy, but it does leave you feeling empty inside if you don’t have that real love. Now, especially being a wife and a mother, I’ve realized what’s most important in life.' 
Additionally, she, now, sees her fame as 'a superpower to make others happy.' 
Her upcoming 12-track album, Infinite Icon, will also feature a collaboration with Megan Thee Stallion. 
At this point in her life, the mogul says she has been on a 'whole path of self-discovery' and 'reclaiming' her story through her memoir, documentary and, now, music
When asked about working with Sia on her first record in 18 years, Hilton gushed she is 'so proud of this album' and explained how the singer 'brought out something' in her that she 'didn't even know' she had in her
During her latest interview, the Paris in Love star revealed she and the rapper, 29, met at the Chateau Marmont and bonded instantly over being Aquariuses. 
'We immediately became close, and then she started coming to my parties. She walks in the room and just lights it up,' the TV personality said. 
As for how she began working with Sia, Hilton traced back their friendship to her surprise performance of her 2006 single, Stars Are Blind.
'It all started out when Miley asked me to come on her New Year’s Eve special in Miami to surprise everyone and sing Stars Are Blind with her and Sia,' she recalled. 
Afterward, she accepted Sia's invite to fly back to Los Angeles on her jet and they ended up talking 'the entire six-hour flight.' 
'We became so close just on the plane ride alone. And then that night she sent me 60 different songs that she had written, and we just started going from there. I went into the studio the next day. It happened quick,' Hilton raved. 
'To have someone like Sia believe in me made me believe in myself even more,' she explained. 'And she really pushed me to use my real voice. My first album was all about being hot and partying. It was during my party girl era. It was very 2000s and what that whole time was about'
When asked about her thoughts on Chappell Roan asking fans not to 'touch' her when she's not working or request pictures, Hilton was sympathetic. 
The star, who dealt with an intense level of fame and paparazzi from the start of her career, said that after two decades in the spotlight 'nothing fazes' her anymore. 
'I’m just so used to it. Wherever I go, whenever I’m eating dinner, people are always coming up, and I always am so polite — I’ll take photos with everyone,' she said. 'Sometimes I feel bad because I’m with my family and I don’t want to take away the time from everyone, but then I don’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings.'
When she wants to go to Disneyland with her kids or the farmers market without getting stopped, Hilton says she wears a 'full disguise' to be 'normal.' 
This, often, includes a black, short wig, 'giant sunglasses, a hat, a hoodie, [and] sometimes a face mask.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group