A little more than a baker’s dozen shows wasn’t enough for Julien Baker.
After announcing a 14-concert tour in mid-June, the Boygenius band member has since tacked on an additional three nights to her solo tour.
She will now play back-to-back-to-back sets at NYC’s Webster Hall on Saturday, Oct. 5, Sunday, Oct. 6, and Monday, Oct. 7.
“Truly cannot wait to see everybody at the FREAKING gig this fall,” the 28-year-old singer-songwriter shared on Instagram.
The trio of NYC concerts listed above won’t be Baker’s only Big Apple stop this fall; she’s also slated to headline at Forest Hills’ All Things Go Festival, which takes place Sept. 28-29 at Forest Hills Stadium. Other headliners on the bill include Chappell Roan, Janelle Monáe, Reneé Rapp, MUNA and Holly Humberstone.
If you can’t wait to catch Julien Baker live, tickets for all of her U.S. concert dates are available now.
Fans can purchase tickets for all upcoming shows on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale for the Webster Hall concerts is Friday, Aug. 16.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, and links to buy tickets can be found below.
*New dates are in bold.
On the last weekend of September, Baker will headline back-to-back evenings at the Columbia, MD, and Forest Hills, NY All Things Go Festivals.
To find which fest suits your taste best, we’ve got all the details you need about both here:
The last time Baker toured on her own was the 2021-22 ‘Little Oblivions Tour.’
For a closer look at what she performed at the final gig of that run, you can find all the songs that made the set list that evening below.
01.) “Hardline”02.) “Bloodshot”03.) “Shadowboxing”04.) “Favor”05.) “Relative Fiction”06.) “Highlight Reel”07.) “Red Door”08.) “Heatwave”09.) “Ringside”10.) “Sprained Ankle”11.) “Something”12.) “Song in E”13.) “Faith Healer”14.) “Tokyo”15.) “Sour Breath”16.) “Appointments”Encore
17.) “Everybody Does”18.) “Ziptie”
The above comes courtesy of Set List FM.
This year, Baker has released a pair of singles.
Most recently, she dropped the 3.5-minute “Orphan Black: Echoes” theme with Calvin Lauber. Full of feedback, haunting vocals, beeps and boops, and stops and starts, the track is a million different ideas melded into a single song. To put it simply, it’s the perfect way to start an episode of the moody series.
 Then, in early May, Baker unveiled “Empty Voices” with Thomas Powers.
Over four minutes, the pair create an eerie, trippy soundscape that wouldn’t sound out of place at a gallery or hip indie eatery. And good luck trying to get Baker’s repeated refrain of “You leave me breathless” out of your head. It’s longing and affecting in the best way possible.
Baker isn’t the only mega icon out and about this year.
Here are just five of our favorite artists you won’t want to miss live these next few months.
• Clairo
• Chappell Roan
• Cyndi Lauper
• Adrianne Lenker
• Mitski
Who else is on the road? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change