Saturday, May 3, 2025
Trump signs order seeking to end federal funding for NPR and PBS; NY immigrant wrongfully sent to El Salvador 'supermax' prison; PA 'Day of Action' planned for higher minimum wage, immigrants' rights;  New bill in Congress seeks to overturn CA animal welfare law.
National Security Advisor Mike Waltz is leaving that job to become UN ambassador, bipartisan Arizona poll finds Latino voters dissatisfied by Trump's first 100 days, and Florida mass deportations frighten community members.
Rural students who face hurdles going to college are getting noticed, Native Alaskans may want to live off the land but obstacles like climate change loom large, and the Cherokee language is being preserved by kids in North Carolina.  
Share
  Suzanne Potter, Producer Contact
 Contact
  Kathleen Shannon, Producer Contact
 Contact
  Trimmel Gomes, Producer Contact
 Contact
  Roz Brown, Producer Contact
 Contact
  Why you can trust Public News Service
  Why you can trust Public News Service
  Why you can trust Public News Service
Wednesday, November 20, 2024   
Tuesday, April 8, 2025   
Friday, March 7, 2025   
Wednesday, February 12, 2025   
President-elect Donald Trump's choice of Brendan Carr to lead the Federal Communications Commission is raising red flags among groups that advocate for a free press and consumer protections.

Carr is currently the top Republican on the Federal Communications Commission.

Craig Aaron, president of Free Press, a national public interest group that acts as an FCC watchdog, said Carr has already refused to condemn Mr. Trump's calls to pull the broadcast license of the ABC television network.

"That should be an easy question for an FCC chair to answer: Are you going to go after ABC's broadcast license because they fact-checked the debate? The correct answer is, 'No, that's ridiculous,'" Aaron stressed. "And what Brendan Carr essentially said testifying in Congress was, 'Well, I'd have to look at it.' That's not the answer you want."

The FCC regulates radio, television and cable communications, so its decisions have big implications for Californians, and all Americans. Carr also wrote the Project 2025 chapter on media issues, saying the FCC should rein in big tech, promote national security and emphasize prosperity and FCC accountability. Under President Joe Biden, the FCC has strengthened consumer protections and approved net neutrality rules. 

Aaron worries protections will go out the window and fears the FCC will change the rules to allow mega-mergers of media companies.

"If you just allow the cronies of the administration to buy up these local TV stations, networks, infrastructure, then that's another way you can take control," Aaron contended. "And Brendan Carr's never met a media merger he didn't like."

The position of FCC chair does not require Senate confirmation, so Carr is likely to be appointed.  However, any future vacancies would require Senate approval.
                
                

get more stories like this via email


By Ilana Newman for The Daily Yonder.Broadcast version by Kathleen Shannon for Big Sky Connection for the Public News Service/Daily Yonder Collaboration

A new study from the LOR Foundation, an organization focused on rural community development, maps local news outlets in Montana to provide a look at demographics and gaps in coverage. Efforts to map local news have become popular in states like Colorado, Nebraska, Minnesota, and beyond. 
Mapping local news provides valuable information about where the coverage is lacking and helps funders identify places most in need of support. Daniel Read, research analyst at the LOR Foundation, said the study matters because "data can drive action towards places that are typically underserved by local media or just underrepresented generally in the media landscape."
Read spent two months calling people in Montana to inquire about their local news environment for the study. This included "the librarian and the county clerk, and maybe the manager of a history museum, people who were just likely to pick up the phone," said Read, as well as, contacting every obvious news source. By reaching out to local leaders embedded in the communities, they were able to identify local news sources that might not be obvious from an internet search. 
"If they're providing original local news, we wanted them included," Read said. "We were very agnostic to the medium that was being provided." This means they included radio stations that primarily play music but might also include news and podcasts providing original reporting, like Hello Whitefish, a long-form podcast out of Whitefish, Montana. 
LOR did not include sources like Reddit, Facebook, and civic news sources like a local chamber of commerce newsletter. Read said that they could see doing another study looking at these more social versions of news, which can be a primary source of information for rural communities without many traditional news sources. 
When asked how many of Montana Broadcaster Association's (MBA) members were in rural areas, Dewey Bruce, president and CEO of MBA, replied, "In Montana, everything is rural." He went on to say that not including the top seven media markets in Montana - made up of the seven statistical areas of the state - around 70% of their members are in rural areas. 
Even the biggest metropolitan markets are smaller than most states. Billings, the largest city in the state, has a population of around 120,000. 
There were only five counties out of Montana's 56 counties with zero local news sources, most of which have less than 1,000 residents. However, Toole and Liberty counties, both news deserts, have a combined total of nearly 7,000 residents and zero news sources. The study also found that counties with larger populations, higher median incomes, and more private businesses supported more news. 
"Rural places are often the places that are most underrepresented...they're the places that are most likely to be a media desert, a local news desert," Read said. 
Jim Strauss, director of communications and development for Montana Newspaper Association, said that Montana residents are worried about consolidation - papers being bought by national corporations - reduced coverage, and closures that are happening around the state. 
"Nothing can replace the local boots on the ground. You have to have local reporters in the community. And because of the financial challenges that some news outlets face, unfortunately, that number has been on the decline"
Strauss said that one thing they are currently paying attention to is the transition of ownership of local publications. Many newspaper owners are aging out and Montana Newspaper Association is working to support these legacy outlets as they transition to a new generation of management. 
"It's really hard work to run a weekly newspaper or a small radio station," Strauss said, "We're finding it more difficult to attract people to take over those properties, and that's one of our challenges."
A Long-lasting Newspaper
One successful story of a transition of ownership took place in Choteau, Montana, a town of 1,714 on the east side of the Rocky Mountains. 
Melody Martinsen was 24 years old and working at the Great Falls Tribune when she got a call from the owner of the Choteau Acantha, Dick Nordhagen, who wanted Martinsen and her husband to buy the paper, which was founded in 1894. That was in 1990 and the Martinsens have run the paper ever since.
The Martinsens have kept the paper pretty much the same as it was 35 years ago. "We haven't changed our core mission ever," said Martinsen. They have two other reporters and a few additional staff and put out a weekly print newspaper as well as providing online breaking news coverage. 
"We are going to give our readers news that they can't get on Facebook or social media," Martinsen said. "We're going to cover city council meetings, county commissioner meetings, school board meetings, airport board meetings, library board meetings, cemetery board meetings, water and sewer district board meetings."
The Acantha is the paper of record for Teton County and has 1,400 paid subscribers, in a county of 6,400. Advertising is a significant part of their revenue stream, as has been traditional for print newspapers because they have been able to keep their local subscriptions strong. 
"Local journalism sheds light on a community's problems and helps bring solutions to those problems," Strauss said. "A more informed local community is going to be better in the long run as it recognizes and solves its challenges."
Having strong support from their readership has been a lifeline for the paper. On January 7, 2025, the Choteau Acantha building caught fire. But because of support from the community, the Martinsens "didn't miss a beat". They published the paper the following week as they always have. 
"Our community has been beyond amazing. I'll start to cry if I talk about how amazing they've been," said Martinsen. They were offered multiple spaces to use as temporary offices, were donated furniture and a new phone system, and the elementary school held a penny war to raise money for the paper. 
Strauss and the Montana Newspaper Association are working with the University of Montana's journalism program to try to get more reporters in rural communities. One initiative is engaging high school students with the local papers in their communities and providing scholarships and internships. 
"While there's endless ways we can get national news, in much of Montana, there are very limited ways that we can get local news. So sustaining and building that voice is of greater importance than ever," Strauss said.

Ilana Newman wrote this article for The Daily Yonder.


get more stories like this via email


A Mississippi judge has ruled the State Legislature is not a "public body" under the state's Open Meetings Act, a decision allowing lawmakers to hold secret caucus meetings.

The decision comes after the Mississippi Free Press sued to open these meetings to the public, in the name of transparency. The case originated when the nonprofit paper filed an ethics complaint after one of its reporters, Nick Judin, was barred from attending a closed Republican caucus meeting in the House of Representatives.

Donna Ladd, editor and CEO of the Mississippi Free Press, called the ruling a blow to open government. 

"About the way this is worded, to me, is a technicality that allows them -- when they want to -- to get around the idea of public transparency," Ladd observed. "So, it's kind of status quo, and especially in a state where -- I mean, let's just be honest -- much of Mississippi's history has been one-party rule, one way or the other."

In the ruling, the judge stated the Open Meetings Act applies only to "executive or administrative bodies," not the Legislature itself. Supporters of the ruling argued political caucuses are internal party matters and privacy is essential for candid discussions.

Rob McDuff, director of impact litigation for the Mississippi Center for Justice, argued on behalf of the Mississippi Free Press that caucus meetings should be open under the Open Meetings Act, as they involve a quorum of the House discussing public business. However, McDuff explained the Ethics Commission and Chancery Court ruled against them, with the judge citing a narrow definition of "public body."

"That just seems quite nonsensical when you think, of course, the Mississippi Legislature is a public body in Mississippi," McDuff pointed out. "But the wording of the particular statute, the Open Meetings Act, is what led him to that conclusion."

The ruling means journalists and the public cannot hear the debates shaping policy. While advocates for open government said the fight is not over, the decision sets a troubling precedent for transparency nationwide. As Free Press Editor Donna Ladd warned, "Don't think that it can't happen in your state."
                
                

get more stories like this via email


A former community organizer and newly-elected lawmaker is responding to the Trump administration's escalating attacks on the press with a proposed law to strengthen privacy protections for New Mexico journalists.

Rep. Sarah Silva, D-Las Cruces, said House Bill 153 is needed to replace a state statute last updated in the 1970s before the internet, email and cellphones. With the Trump administration targeting journalists as "enemies of the state" for reporting the daily news, she stressed it is important to reinforce a reporter's privilege to protect their sources.

"Given the current state of affairs at the federal level, I want to do as much as I can to protect journalists here in New Mexico from the threat of subpoena or some sort of civil case," Silva explained.

In recent weeks, major media outlets including ABC and CBS have entered into negotiations or agreed to pay huge settlements over court cases brought against them by Trump. Others have lost assigned spots in the White House press area. Meanwhile, the Federal Communications Commission has launched a funding investigation into the Public Broadcasting System and National Public Radio.

Silva, who is married to a journalist, said she modeled the bill on the federal PRESS Act, proposed legislation which failed to pass the U.S. Senate last year after then President-elect Trump assailed it on his social media site.

Silva's bill would bar the executive branch or New Mexico's administrative agencies from obtaining a subpoena to force journalists to identify their sources or to disclose unpublished information they gathered for a story.

"As a community organizer, I really relied on journalists in the field to be covering issues like immigration reform for closures," Silva recounted. "They were helping move the needle on really important issues or they were revealing problems that the organizer needed to know about."

The bill includes some exceptions against protecting journalists, including terrorism investigations or when an imminent threat of harm exists.
                
                
References:  
World Press Freedom Index Reporters Without Borders 05/03/2024


get more stories like this via email


Social Issues
Social Issues
Social Issues
Social Issues
Social Issues
Social Issues
Social Issues
Social Issues
While Gov. Ron DeSantis touts "Operation Tidal Wave" as a success, advocates for Florida's immigrant families say the crackdown is tearing them apart …
Social Issues
A new bipartisan poll looks at how Latino voters in Arizona are feeling about President Donald Trump's first 100 days in office - and pollsters descri… 
Social Issues
A Minnesota proposal is in the works that supporters say would end forced labor in correctional facilities.

They note the 13th Amendment was adopted … 
Social Issues
Montana's wildfire risk is 74% higher than other states, so experts are encouraging Montanans to think ahead Saturday on Wildfire Community …
Social Issues
Thousands are expected to rally in Harrisburg on Monday for a "Raise the Wage and Immigrant Rights Day of Action."

More than 47,000 Pennsylvania work… 
Environment
By Enrique Saenz for Mirror Indy.
Broadcast version by Joe Ulery for Indiana News Service reporting for the Mirror Indy-Free Press Indiana-Public …
Social Issues
By Lauren Cohen / Broadcast version by Farah Siddiqi reporting for the Kent State NewsLab-Ohio News Connection Collaboration.

S.B. 109, a bill that …
Social Issues
An Illinois law professor is weighing in on what she called a "very public and open test of due process" for immigrants being deported from the United…
Phone: 303.448.9105 Toll Free: 888.891.9416 Fax: 208.247.1830
            Your trusted member- and audience-supported news source since 1996
            Copyright © 2021