Sabrina’s Brown Sugar Shakin’ Espresso will be available from December 31
Sabrina Carpenter is teaming up with Dunkin’ to launch a new signature coffee, Sabrina’s Brown Sugar Shakin’ Espresso.
The bespoke beverage is named in honour of the singer’s runaway hit single of 2024, with the American coffee and doughnut chain releasing the drink tomorrow (December 3).
It will be made by combining Dunkin’s own espresso blend with notes of brown sugar and oat milk. The company launched the product with an advertising campaign on Monday (December 30).
The ad, made in partnership with Ben Affleck and Matt Damon’s Artists Equity, sees Carpenter strutting through a Dunkin’ restaurant with a coffee shaker while ‘Espresso’ plays in the background. Check it out below.
“When we first dreamed up Sabrina’s Brown Sugar Shakin’ Espresso at Dunkin’, it had to be more than another delicious drink on the menu — we wanted to bring some levity to guests’ everyday coffee order,” Dunkin’ chief marketing officer Jill McVicar Nelson has said.
“Working with one of America’s most beloved pop stars, Sabrina Carpenter, adds a spirited, fresh energy that perfectly aligns with Dunkin’s love of bold taste and good-natured fun. Through our new ad campaign, we’re showing guests that their new drink order can be both delicious and a wink at embracing life’s lighter side — exactly what Dunkin’ is all about.”
‘Espresso’ was released back in April, ahead of her sixth album ‘Short n’ Sweet’ in August. It topped the UK Singles Chart and has been nominated for Record Of The Year and Best Pop Solo Performance at the Grammys.
Elsewhere, Carpenter recently made her debut on NPR’s Tiny Desk series, while her song ‘Bed Chem’ was named as one of NME’s 50 best songs of 2024.
Carpenter is set to bring the ‘Short N’ Sweet’ tour to the UK next year, and the dates include a huge headline slot at BST Hyde Park next summer. Visit here for tickets.
2025 will also see her headline Primavera Sound alongside Charli XCX and Chappell Roan, as well as embark on the UK and European leg of her tour, which will take place next year with former NME Cover star Rachel Chinouriri as a special guest.
Those shows kick off at 3Arena in Dublin on March 3, with further shows in Birmingham, London and Manchester – see all dates below and grab tickets here.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.