Manage your account
Chappell Roan is not feeling pressure to endorse either Kamala Harris or Donald Trump for the 2024 presidential election.
In contrast to singers like Taylor Swift and Billie Eilish, who have publicly stated their stance on who they will vote for in November, Roan is not ready to make a similar move.
More from Deadline
"This Was An Assassination Attempt On Donald Trump": Suspect Left A Letter Outlining Plans
"That Will Be It": Donald Trump Says He Won't Run In 2028 If He Loses In 2024
'The Apprentice's Sebastian Stan Says He Didn't "Get Sleep" Playing Donald Trump
“I have so many issues with our government in every way,” she said in an interview with The Guardian. “There are so many things that I would want to change. So I don’t feel pressured to endorse someone.”
She continued, “There’s problems on both sides. I encourage people to use your critical thinking skills, use your vote – vote small, vote for what’s going on in your city.”
One particular issue that Roan would like to be highlighted is “trans rights” adding, “They cannot have cis people making decisions for trans people, period.”
RELATED: Billie Eilish & Finneas Endorse Kamala Harris In Video Urging Voter Registration
Roan’s comments have divided fans on social media who argue that there’s one party that has demonized trans people. The “Good Luck, Babe” singer has been a queer community activist and recently dedicated her VMAs win to the “queer and trans people that fuel pop.”
“I dedicate this to all the drag artists who inspire me. And I dedicate this to queer & trans people that fuel pop,” Roan said as the star read from a diary.
Roan continued, “And for all the queer kids in the Midwest watching right now, I see you, I understand you because I’m one of you. And don’t ever let anyone tell you that you can’t be exactly who you want to be b***.”
RELATED: Taylor Swift Endorses Kamala Harris For President Minutes After Debate
Best of Deadline
Every ‘The Voice’ Winner Since Season 1, Including 9 Team Blake Champions
Everything We Know About 'The Boroughs' So Far
Hollywood & Media Deaths In 2024: Photo Gallery & Obituaries
Sign up for Deadline's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.