The ultimate GRWM

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Exploring nautical motifs, Tommy Hilfiger's latest Spring/Summer 2025 show seamlessly combined the brand's maritime inspirations, which have defined it since 1885. Hosted on the decommissioned MV John F. Kennedy, attendees spanned across different media and industries. There was no shortage of brilliance amongst the FROW. From Damson Idris to Tenashe, guests were presented with the brand's latest offerings, which included classic Breton stripes and regatta jackets.
We had the pleasure of catching up with one specific avid attendee, actress and model Madison Bailey, who talked us through her pre-show prep. Talking us through her classic Oxford dress and knee-high boots combo, fashion week handbag essentials, and her go-to getting-ready playlist, read below to find out how an A-lister prepares for New York Fashion Week...
Can you talk us through your outfit for Tommy Hilfiger’s fashion show?We went with a classic Oxford layered under a cord mini! Chic and fun for fall with extra points for comfort.
My essentials include: eye patches, a charging block, a speaker for glam, my Canon camera for content, and bandaids for blisters!
What do you listen to when you’re getting ready? I listen to Rihanna, Chappell Roan, Beyoncé- all of the girlies!
Which trends are you buying into for this and next season?I have always and will always stan cheetah print, regardless of whether it's trending or not! I’m also taking my cowboy boots into next season, no matter what!
What is the most Instagrammable spot in NYC?You tell me!! I’m never here enough.
Celebrity news, beauty, fashion advice, and fascinating features, delivered straight to your inbox!
Sofia Piza is the Fashion Writer at Marie Claire UK. With extensive experience and a degree in Fashion Journalism, she covers runway trends, shopping picks, celebrity fashion, and industry news.
Throughout her career, Sofia's work has ranged from in-depth interviews with industry experts and high-profile celebrities to creative production for editorial cover shoots and red-carpet coverage. Born in Mexico and raised in five countries, Sofia's multicultural upbringing has fed into her interest in international markets, leading her fashion week coverage across London, Milan, Paris, New York, and Copenhagen.
When she's not sourcing inspiration from social media, you will find Sofia anywhere from a local vintage market to busy central London streets, people watching to make sure she brings you the latest trends, from the best denim pieces to the must-have investment bags- the possibilities are endless.

Marie Claire UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.