Coming to Netflix next week
The official trailer for Olivia Rodrigo‘s upcoming ‘Guts’ concert film for Netflix has been released – watch it below.
The ‘Get Him Back’ singer’s concert special – which was filmed at the Intuit Dome in Los Angeles – will be available to stream on October 29. The special will give fans insight to the pop singer’s massive sold-out arena tour. It was first announced earlier this month (October 2).
In the trailer, we get a peak at Rodrigo, her backing dancers and her crew backstage as she expresses her love and appreciation for her. Then we get shots of her performing her biggest hits onstage, complete with sitting atop a crescent moon that floats around the arena and more.
Watch the trailer for Olivia Rodrigo: GUTS World Tour below.
During the concert at the Inuit Dome, Rodrigo brought out Chappell Roan to perform the viral track ‘Hot To Go!’, though it remains to be scene if that particular performance will appear in the forthcoming concert film.
Last week, she donated all of the profits from her first show in the Philippines to the nonprofit organisation Jhpiego which works “to ensure moms and babies receive quality health care” (per their website).
The three-time Grammy winner has been on the road since February, and is set to wrap up her tour after the current four-night stint in Sydney. Rodrigo has also announced new dates for her rescheduled Manchester shows, and they’re just after Glastonbury 2025.
Olivia Rodrigo. Credit: Christopher Polk/Getty
The singer shared that she’ll be playing Manchester’s Co-op Live arena on June 30 and July 1 next year, and tickets purchased for the original shows will be transferred to the new dates automatically.
Olivia Rodrigo’s ‘Guts’ scored a glowing five-star review, with Sophie Williams writing for NME: “‘Guts’ doesn’t just feel transitional in a musical sense. It marks the end of Rodrigo’s teenage years, a moment that has gravity given that she recently said in a statement that she felt like she grew “10 years” between the ages of 18 and 20. Here, she offers blunt self-analysis while reflecting on wider cultural ideas of performance and swallowing anger in order to comply with the wants and needs of others. It works as a display of real power, range and versatility – all of which Rodrigo possesses in abundance.”
In a four-star review of her live show at London’s O2 arena, NME wrote: “The raw regret of ‘Drivers Licence’ brought her to this venue a few years ago, but now, it’s sung with both the lived experience and confidence that comes only from someone who’s moved on to even bigger and better things; there’s no denying that Rodrigo has certainly done that and will continue to do so.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.