Just her opinion, but, yes, these are the styles that topped her list during a breakout year.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	It’s an understatement to say that Chappell Roan had a huge 2024. But as the hours ticked down to 2025, the singer was in a reflective mood on Monday (Dec. 30) in an Instagram post in which she ran down her top 10 personal ranking of her most “Iconic” looks of the year. The singer also noted in the caption of her post that “it’s my OPINION!!!!! + why yes, I do consider myself to be iconique.”

	The number one spot is, of course, Roan’s joint-smoking, green-skinned Lady Liberty getup from this summer’s Governors Ball Festival in New York in June. Roan memorably emerged from a gigantic apple, her skin covered in green paint, with a spiky silver tiara topping off the ensemble.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Number two was her pig-nosed look from a Grammy afterparty in which she channeled the “Good Luck, Babe” single cover art, down to the deep red dress. Coming in at three was the pink prom dress, stacked red hair style from the singer’s NPR Tiny Desk show, followed by the Medieval warrior queen get-up she rocked at this year’s MTV VMAs, where she famously clashed with a photographer; she alluded to that incident by captioning the shot “vma carpet (triggered).”

	The white latex outfit reading “EAT ME” from her Coachella weekend one set came in at number five, followed by the full Roan of Arc suit of armor from her 2024 VMA performance and the colorful butterfly weekend ‘fit from the second Coachella weekend. At number eight was the chilly white swan outfit she wore in June during an appearance on The Tonight Show, with her lucha libre-inspired blue and pink costume from her mind-blowing Lollapalooza day set taking the ninth spot.

	Rounding out the list was an equally over-the-top ensemble Roan wore on The Late Show With Stephen Colbert for her late night debut in February, which found her sitting in a giant heart while wearing a frilly, bedazzled white Victorian mini dress.

	Roan is a six-time nominee at the upcoming Grammy Awards (Feb. 1), where she is in the mix for best new artist, album of the year for her breakthrough LP The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, as well as song and record of the year for “Good Luck, Babe!”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.