One of the key mentors for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in America has been billionaire media mogul Oprah Winfrey. She joined them on Friday for a star-studded book event in California, which also saw appearances from Ellen DeGeneres and Netflix CEO Ted Sarandos.
The Duke and Duchess made a stylish entrance to the literary evening, arriving in a sleek Range Rover before greeting their hosts and other celebrity guests. The event was held in honour of Hollywood literary agent Jennifer Rudolph Walsh and cosmetics entrepreneur Victoria Jackson, at a shop inspired by a term Harry used to describe influential women in his life.
At the bookshop event near Montecito, the Duke of Sussex paid tribute to his friend and ally Oprah, who he has previously revealed he has a two-word nickname for. The renowned talk show host played a pivotal role in the couple's decision to step back from Royal duties and relocate to America, conducting their explosive 2021 interview that laid bare their rift with the Royal Family.
READ MORE: Prince William and Harry's secret underground 'Club H' where brothers would find 'mischief'
Oprah reportedly earned her nickname after helping to launch the Prince's own book, Spare, which further deepened the divide between Harry and his father King Charles, and brother William, revealing a catalogue of family tensions, disagreements, and full-blown disputes for the first time, reports the Express.
When the Duke and Duchess of Sussex made their move to America, Walsh, Jackson, and Winfrey were the influential figures who offered them support. At his memoir 'Spare' launch, Prince Harry reportedly referred to the trio as his "fairy godmothers."
Little did he know that a year and a half later, he would be standing in a Californian bookshop named 'Godmothers,' in tribute to his comments, embracing his mentors, according to the Mail.
At the event, the Royal couple seemed at ease among their friends and peers, dancing to pop star Chappell Roan's tunes and delivering speeches alongside other notable attendees. Pictures from the occasion show the stylish Duchess, dressed in a casual sleeveless collared jumpsuit, warmly embracing close friend Oprah Winfrey.
The couple also posed for photos outside the 'Godmothers' bookshop, standing with the owners. Prince Harry even shared a humorous moment when asked for a book recommendation.
Pointing to a copy of his memoir 'Spare,' the Duke suggested his own substantial work as a good read.
Victoria Jackson, co-founder of the bookshop with Jennifer Rudolph Walsh, has conveyed to Town and Country her aspirations for the store being a "safe space" for the Sussexes, who have voiced concerns over breaches of their privacy. Jackson commented: "Seeing them be able to come here and be in a safe space... it's what we want it to be."
She went on to say: "Their support, and the light that it will shine on Godmothers, is pretty extraordinary."
The Godmothers bookshop isn't shy about promoting works by their circle, prominently displaying Harry's memoir 'Spare' and Meghan's children's book 'The Bench' to entice patrons.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.