Posted in: TV | Tagged: saturday night live, snl
Saturday Night Live checked in with host Michael Keaton (Beetlejuice Beetlejuice) and the SNL team during Wednesday night's read-thru.
With host Michael Keaton (Beetlejuice Beetlejuice) and musical guest Billie Eilish set to take the stages of Studio 8H for this weekend's edition of NBC's Saturday Night Live, we were treated to a midweek sketch earlier today that saw Keaton ready to get into the SNL ring – with a sketchy ring intro and Keaton forgetting that he was going "commando" until it was too late (more on that above). But now, it's back to business as we get a look at Keaton and SNL's cast and writers running through the show during the official read-thru – which you can check out below:
A post shared by Saturday Night Live (@nbcsnl)
Back in May, the word went out regarding early plans to celebrate the milestone 50th season of Saturday Night Live. The network confirmed that there will be a "celebratory weekend" that wraps up on Sunday, February 16th (from 8-11 p.m. ET), with a live, primetime special. Now, thanks to an interview he had with The New York Times at the end of the most recent season, we're learning some additional details on what's ahead – and Michaels's thoughts on those rumblings about his retiring after Season 50.
Along with the primetime special on February 16th, music producer Mark Ronson and Michaels will produce a "homecoming" of sorts at Radio City Music Hall on the Friday of that weekend. In addition, it was noted that musician and producer Questlove (The Roots) is co-producing a documentary for the anniversary season spotlighting the impact that SNL had had on music and culture, and Morgan Neville (Steve! (Martin): A Documentary in 2 Pieces, Won't You Be My Neighbor) is producing five documentaries focusing on both Michaels and the long-running late-night sketch comedy/music series. As for those rumblings that the 50th anniversary will also be his last hurrah, Michaels is basing that decision on how he's feeling and not committing to anything. "I'm going to do it as long as I feel I can do it," he shared. "But I rely on other people and always have."
Heading into Season 50, SNL said goodbye to Punkie Johnson, Molly Kearney, and Chloe Troast – and hello to new featured players Ashley Padilla, Emil Wakim, and Jane Wickline. In addition, Marcello Hernandez, Michael Longfellow, and Devon Walker were promoted to the main cast. After this weekend, we have John Mulaney and Chappell Roan on November 2nd. The long-running late-night sketch comedy series is executive-produced by Lorne Michaels, with Liz Patrick directing and SNL alum Darrell Hammond announcing. Broadcasting from Studio 8H in Rockefeller Center, Saturday Night Live is produced by SNL Studios in association with Universal Television and Broadway Video.
Enjoyed this? Please share on social media!