New Yorkers will line the streets on Sunday to applaud and encourage more than 50,000 runners. PRWeek checks in with participants and asks about parallels between training and the PR profession.


                    
            by
            Noah Zuss

31 October 2024

        
Once a year, the frenetic energy of the Big Apple’s streets is replaced with the deliberate, controlled pace of tens of thousands of New York City Marathon runners. 
The first Sunday of November in New York City means the marathon — the city’s biggest block party — when more than 50,000 runners, ranging from top professionals to recreational and charity participants, take to the streets. 
Some of them are PR professionals. PRWeek asked them what the marathon means and to share their insights on the parallels between training and communications work. 
Running for charity SharsheretFinish time: 4:03:43
Why did you decide to run the New York City Marathon? In my early 20s, I found out that I have the BRCA gene, which is a genetic mutation that makes me extremely high-risk for breast and ovarian cancer. I realized that there's so much out of my control when it comes to a lot of these health cards that you may be dealt in life, but the one thing that you can control is your nutrition and the way that you move and go about your day and the people that you surround yourself with. So that entire experience just became a huge motivator for me to keep running and stay active.
How important is running to your work-life balance and well being? It's extremely important. I would consider it my own form of therapy. I feel like you can't really put a price on the endorphin rush from a runner's high. 
Do you see any parallels between marathon training and comms work? The parallels that I see between marathon training and comms work really comes down to having to be super-efficient with your time, because you're either running, you're sleeping, you're working or you're trying to live your personal life in any of the spare minutes or hours you can find. You really need to show up, put your work in, get it done and do it all over again the next day. 
Do you have race rituals? One thing that's gotten me through it is the power of consistency and having that routine. I have the same stretching routine that I do every morning during the week. For my long runs on Saturday, I always eat [about] an hour before and my go-to is toast with peanut butter, cinnamon, honey and banana for breakfast. 
How inspired do you get by the crowd?The crowd is everything to me. It's a reflection of my support system. It's going to be so exciting to see everyone's faces out in the crowd. 
What are your major training rituals?A ritual for me since I started this process is I started an Instagram account called Diary of a Runner Girl, and initially I created it to track my process of securing a bid for the marathon, because, like New York, everything is so crazy. It's really become an open letter to myself for accountability and motivation. I basically write a post and recap what kind of has transpired through the week in work and life and in running and all the amazing people that have been part of the journey. 
It's been really cool to reflect on and see all the different posts through the training cycle. 
What does the NYC marathon mean to you? A sign of encouragement that I can do hard things. There's no place better to do it than in New York City.
What's something on your race day or training playlist that would surprise everyone?It's not necessarily one that people would expect from me, but I will say that I put “Defying Gravity” on there from Wicked, the musical. I can't wait to see the movie when it comes out in November. It holds a special place in my heart. 
Guide for an athlete with disabilities on behalf of the charity Achilles International.
Why did you decide to run the New York City Marathon?I have been part of an organization called Achilles international for about three years, and when they asked me if I would be willing to guide and pace a blind athlete, I said yes. So he is flying in to run the marathon, and I will be his guide [and] his eyes, if you will. 
How important is running to your work-life balance and well-being? Incredibly important. I try to prioritize overall physical wellness as well as mental [health] and running is that lovely escape to just not think about anything for 20 minutes to an hour or however long I'm out there. I've met so many incredible people [through running] that I've become friends with, and now I can't imagine my life without it. It's brought me a lot of fulfillment from all those different angles. 
Do you see any parallels between marathon training and comms work? There's that saying ‘it's a marathon not a sprint,’ and I think comms is similar to that: when you're building a good story with consistent messaging, and you're developing those relationships with either your key audience or other PR professionals and peers, a well-executed strategy is going to take time, and it's going to need to really breathe and build. Much like a marathon, it has the endurance and the legs to stand on its own. 
Do you have race rituals? Or pre-race rituals? I love to eat a penne ala vodka pasta the night before the race and I love to eat banana bread the morning of.
How inspired do you get by the crowd?The New York City Marathon specifically proves that running can be a spectator sport, despite what everyone says. I think that in no other instance do you see millions of New Yorkers come out and cheer for random strangers for hours on end.
What are your major training rituals? It's a mix of long runs and speed workouts to just make sure that when I toe that line, I'm set up for success. 
What's something on your race day or training playlists that may surprise everyone?The thing that will surprise people is I don't listen to music when I run. I find it just way more meditative to take in my surroundings and overhear random conversations on West Side Highway — all of these little things, and specifically on race days, I love being able to hear the crowd — whether they're cheering for me or cheering for their friends.
Running for charity RallyCap Sports
Finish time: 4:23:04
Why did you decide to run the New York City Marathon?I’ve always enjoyed running and being active. After experiencing my first NYC Marathon as a spectator, I knew it was something I wanted to eventually check off my bucket list and will be doing so for the first time this year.
How important is running to your work-life balance and well-being? Staying active is something I have always prioritized, as I believe it is extremely important to dedicate time for yourself. While the PR industry doesn’t typically have standard 9-to-5 hours, being able to take the time to train whether before or after work provided the headspace I needed to focus on the marathon. 
Do you see any parallels between marathon training and comms work? I was fortunate enough to train with an incredible group of runners that really helped motivate and push me, especially during the long runs. In the communications field, having a supportive team helps contribute to your success and fostering meaningful relationships will allow you to grow both personally and professionally. 
Do you have race rituals? Or pre-race rituals? Getting a nutritious, and carb-heavy, meal the nights before the race with friends and family is something I look forward to. Also, plenty of sleep — I am usually in bed by 8 p.m. the night before a race.
How inspired do you get by the crowd? With this being my first NYC Marathon, I am really counting on the crowd to help push me to the finish line. I think feeding off their positive energy will motivate me and of course I can’t wait to see the signs. 
What are your major training rituals? I think following a similar fueling routine and wearing clothes you are comfortable in leading up to the race will allow you to feel confident on race day. Pre- and post-race stretching is also something that is major for me. I have also been doing cryotherapy and compression therapy to help reset my body during training. 
What does the NYC Marathon mean to you? I truly believe that the NYC Marathon is hands down the greatest day of the year for the City of New York. Everyone puts their differences aside and comes out to support the 50,000 runners that have been training for months to cross the finish line. Being able to support a charity that means a lot to me while celebrating with the city is a memory I won’t forget.
What's something on your race day or training playlists that would surprise everyone? I think my entire playlist would be a surprise as it is truly an array of genres. I will say that Chappell Roan has been a must on every playlist.
Running for charity the American Cancer Society 
Finish time: 3:46:38
Why did you decide to run the New York City Marathon? I started getting into long-distance running while training for the 2023 Chicago Marathon. Golin offers its employees the opportunity to run the Chicago Marathon on behalf of the Ronald McDonald House, the charity associated with the agency's longest-standing client, McDonald’s. Golin gives participants a training plan and coach, and once you meet your fundraising goal, the agency takes care of your flights to and from Chicago for race weekend. 
Since then, I’ve caught the bug and love running. It has given me something in my life that I can control and it’s my thing. Plus, outside of work, I enjoy having a hobby that pushes me to get better.
How important is running to your work-life balance and well-being? I love the structure that training has given me in my day-to-day life. Waking up early before the rest of New York City, knocking out a workout then heading into the office is the best feeling. Training forces you to prioritize your time because there are only so many hours in a day to get your run in, work and sleep, outside of the social activities I choose to partake in. 
Do you see any parallels between marathon training and comms work? Both require preparation and planning. Knowing what my week looks like in terms of how many miles I have to run in addition to the calls on my calendar or deadlines helps me prepare for what’s to come and how I can best tackle the week. 
Do you have race rituals? Or pre-race rituals? I play The New York Times Wordle every single day. Playing helps me relax before big runs and races, so I plan on playing Connections, Worlde and The Mini on my way to the start village. 
How inspired do you get by the crowd? I’m so excited to see how the city shows up across the five boroughs on Sunday. During the Chicago Marathon, the crowd support was amazing, but I have heard NYC is unmatched. I’m going to put my name on my bib to lean into the crowd when I need it most during the last six miles known as the ‘pain cave.’ My friends and family are coming out to support, too, and I have the biggest smile on my face thinking about the energy boost I will get from seeing them. 
What are your major training rituals? I eat a bagel with peanut butter and a banana before every long run. This is pretty standard for most runners, but carb loading is a must. 
What does the NYC Marathon mean to you?Running the New York City Marathon means everything to me. I put my heart and soul into my 17-week training block and and I could not be more proud to be running on behalf of ACS. 
What's something on your race day or training playlists that would surprise everyone? I have a lot of ‘dad rock’ and 1970s, 80s and 90s songs on my race day playlist like “Sweet Child O’ Mine” by Guns N’ Roses, “American Pie” by Don McLean, “Dream On” by Aerosmith plus a mix of Red Hot Chili Peppers, Taylor Swift and Eminem.  
Running for charity Achilles International
Finish time: 5:29:21
Why did you decide to run the New York City Marathon? I like to joke that my decision to run was like Forrest Gump’s when he says, “that day, for no particular reason, I decided to go for a little run.” But in reality, running a marathon has always been a bucket-list item for me and being able to do it in NYC while fundraising for an amazing organization like Achilles International was more than enough motivation. 
How important is running to your work-life balance and well-being? It has been refreshingly helpful. I played competitive tennis all my life, which is oftentimes more stress-inducing than not, so I’ve always been active but did everything I could to avoid running. Now being able to go for a run and clear my mind has been great, and I’m starting to see what runners have been talking about all these years.
Do you see any parallels between marathon training and comms work? Preparation is key. In running, if you don’t fuel, stretch or train, you probably won’t have a good run or a good race. In comms, if you don’t have a comprehensive strategy and plan ahead, you’ll constantly be on the back foot and likely won’t be successful. While one example could have billion-dollar implications and the other a calf cramp, I think both hold true.
Do you have race rituals? Or pre-race rituals? Not yet since this is my first race but maybe I’ll start some. 
How inspired do you get by the crowd? My longest training run was 20 miles so I’m hoping I’ll be at least 6.2 miles worth of inspiration. Marathon day is one of the best days in NYC in my opinion. The event brings out the best in the city, and I can’t wait to read all the satirical signs and high five people I don’t know in the Bronx.
What are your major training rituals? Early on in my training, I found a hat with the slogan “Take It Easy.” I’ve worn it on just about all my training runs and have adopted the motto for the race. I think it helps provide me with some perspective, and gives me an excuse if I’m slow.
What does the NYC Marathon mean to you? This race represents a lot of firsts for me: my first marathon, the first time people have called me a runner and the first time I laid down on a bench in the East Village because I was immobile from a training run. It’ll always be special to me, and I’m incredibly excited to be part of it and honored to be supporting Achilles International.
What's something on your race day or training playlists that would surprise everyone? Deep House mixes on Soundcloud.
Finish time: 5:29:06
Why did you decide to run the New York City Marathon? I decided to run after cheering on my uncle and one of my friends at the 2019 NYC Marathon five years ago. Seeing the breadth and diversity of runners across different ages, ethnicities, body shapes and sizes inspired me to believe I could run, too. After many stops and starts, five years later, I’m running my first marathon. 
How important is running to your work-life balance and well-being?Running gives me much-needed breaks from technology and allows me the opportunity to get away from the desk. I love running outdoors in the morning and I feel like that helps get my work day off to a better start. This week, just a few days before the NYC marathon, I had to travel to London for an exciting women in STEM awards program that The Estée Lauder Companies hosts in the U.K. & Ireland headquarters, and it was so important that I built my Tuesday run into my work schedule. 
Prioritizing running even when traveling internationally for work helps me stay on track with my training and supports my work-life balance.
Do you see any parallels between marathon training and comms work?100%. In communications, there’s often a lot of scenario planning and ensuring you have a back-up to the back-up of the original plan if things go awry. This marathon training has taught me to expect the unexpected, i.e. injuries, and to plan for that, and that’s exactly what we have to do in communications. Stakeholder engagement and awareness is also incredibly important in comms, and to help prepare my ‘stakeholders’ — family, friends and coworkers — to cheer me on during this race, I created a briefing doc, equipped with a reactive Q&A, links to the course map and tracking app, restaurant recommendations at different parts of the race, and more, since it’s a big day for them as well.  
Do you have race rituals? Or pre-race rituals? As someone who has asthma, I’m naturally a more back-of-the-pack runner and I have a love of the run-walk strategy — and even PR'd my half marathon time using it. My usual race ritual is a nine-minute run-one-minute-walk and that one-minute walk is my time to reset, check back in with myself on what worked and what didn’t in those last nine minutes, and maybe snap a photo or two of the crowds and scenery. 
Working at a beauty company, I’d be remiss if I didn’t share my running beauty rituals. I prioritize skincare before any long run, including using my Clinique 3-Step to keep my face clean and fresh and Dr. Jart+ Premium BB Beauty Balm SPF 50 for sun safety. 
How inspired do you get by the crowd?The crowds and photographers might push me further than any gels or Gatorade would. (The gels and Gatorade are still important of course.)
What are your major training rituals? I am big on project trackers in my day-to-day, so for any race longer than 10 miles, I usually create a personal running tracker to manage all of my runs and cross-training activities throughout the training cycle. I love checking off a run or yoga session and seeing the progress I make over time.
What does the NYC Marathon mean to you? It’s the culmination of months of training, so while it’s going to be tough at various parts of the course, I’m excited to have fun and celebrate all the hard work I’ve put in. I’m also thrilled to see my family, friends, coworkers and people from the best running club in NYC, Prospect Park Track Club, along the course cheering us all on.
What's something on your race day or training playlists that would surprise everyone?I don’t think there’s anything that would surprise people on my playlist, other than the fact that it’s six-hours long with upbeat music from across most genres. While I have my master running playlist for the marathon, I also made a final six miles playlist of specific songs I’m going to need to hear to help push me to the finish. 
Running for charity the American Cancer Society 
Finish time: 3:16:35 
Why did you decide to run the New York City Marathon? I was fortunate enough to run my first marathon last year in Chicago with the American Cancer Society and had an incredible experience from start to finish. I’d been aiming to run a full for some time and was incredibly moved by the many friends and close family members that I’d seen face cancer head on, including my mom. The American Cancer Society provided the ideal way to achieve this goal, while also honoring those closest to me by committing to raising money that would go to cancer research, prevention, detection efforts and last but not least patient support for those currently battling this disease. 
As soon as Chicago was complete, I had my sights set on the NYC Marathon and am once again part of the American Cancer Society team. I’ve previously only been a spectator in NYC, which in itself is an amazing experience and living here for the past few years has made this process all the more meaningful and rewarding.
How important is running to your work-life balance and well-being?Running is a huge part of my life outside of work and has proven time and again to be an area that improves my work product. I’ve seen my mental and physical health improve immensely since embarking on these last two training blocks and feel that the sport is a great way to inform how you approach obstacles, problem solve and remain a positive team member and resource for your clients. 
Do you see any parallels between marathon training and comms work? I definitely see some parallels between marathon training and comms work, whether that be the required strategy for a respective client that mimics the strategy for training and race day or the positive attitude in either case you need to show up with each day, with a strategy, that allows you to succeed, remain a collaborative and creative teammate and, last but not least, navigate obstacles that will inevitably present themselves throughout each day. 
Do you have race rituals? Or pre-race rituals? I don’t have any established rituals, but I have an awesome coach, Tom Black, who is a great sounding board, helps to calm the nerves and reminds me that I've done everything needed to get to this point. Other than that, I can be found with a bagel, a lot of coffee and my latest Spotify playlist that I create for each training block.
How inspired do you get by the crowd?Not until I ran the Chicago Marathon did I realize how much the crowd means to a runner on race day. Witnessing the positivity, buzz and cheers of support from absolute strangers is energizing to say the least. When you think you’ve reached your limit those shouts of support are what keep your legs going and I really believe the goodness of humanity is prevalent and on full display in the crowds of a marathon. 
What are your major training rituals?No rituals are in place yet for training, I just try to take it day by day, remain consistent and do my best to enjoy the process! 
What does the NYC Marathon mean to you? The NYC Marathon holds a special meaning after being able to call this place home over the past few years and learning to love every aspect of the greatest city in the world. I grew up not far outside of the city and trips here would always bring about a strong sense of belonging. Returning to race with the American Cancer Society is also a huge privilege that I don’t take for granted. 
Between New Yorkers and those fighting cancer, it feels like I’m part of something bigger and in a small way am working to make a difference in the lives of those facing this disease. 
Anyone battling cancer is going through something much more difficult than I am, so if there’s any way I can bring them some comfort, I’ll consider marathon Sunday a success. My family, friends and colleagues are coming out to support me in this endeavor, which adds another layer of meaning to a single day that I can achieve several goals and push myself to become better physically and as a person altogether. 
What's something on your race day or training playlists that would surprise everyone? It might not be the stereotypical pump up song, but nothing can really capture the NYC Marathon like “New York, New York” by [Frank] Sinatra. 
Finish time: 4:46:29
Why did you decide to run the New York City Marathon? Running the legendary NYC Marathon was always a bucket-list dream that felt more like a far-off fantasy for someone whose racing schedule consisted of a 5K every summer with a group of family members — all in matching ‘Zunner Runner’ team t-shirts. Two years ago, a friend of mine ran the NYC Marathon, and I trained with him and cheered him on. It was so inspiring to see all the people of different abilities and backgrounds meeting the challenge and experiencing the energy and cheers of the crowds.
It was then that I felt it was something I could and must take steps to do at least once in my life. I’m incredibly excited, and a little nervous, about my maiden 26.2-mile voyage through the streets of New York City. 
How important is running to your work-life balance and well-being? Finding time to train for a marathon is a time trial in itself, but some of the miles turned into a meditation while running outside along the river at the end of a long day in the office. Plus, as Ailey’s managing director of public relations, it will also get me in great shape for the non-stop excitement of Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater’s five-week holiday season at New York City Center December 4 through January 5. 
Do you see any parallels between marathon training and comms work?Definitely one parallel between marathon training and comms work is the dedication that is needed; you have to fully commit, not be afraid to take chances and try to enjoy the ride and all the victories along the way. And, like my high-school cross country coach used to say, “you get out of it what you put into it.”
Do you have race rituals? Or pre-race rituals? I do have a standard pre-race meal of toaster waffles, blueberries and maple syrup. I spend as much time as possible at home warming up my muscles with the help of a foam roller, so I tend to get to the races just in time to get in my corral and hit play on the music. It’s at the start of the race you breathe in with gratitude and think how lucky you are to be alive and moving forward.
How inspired do you get by the crowd?Being a part of the supportive crowd at past marathons and volunteering at last year’s starting line were both inspiring moments to cheer others on. I can’t wait to see how it will feel to be on the opposite side of the cheering. 
What are your major training rituals? I’ve really appreciated the Runna app that New York Road Runners offered, which made me feel like I had a personal coach to guide and keep me on-track with run targets, warm-up and cool down exercises and yoga and pilates cross training. I’m lucky to live in Midtown West, not far from Ailey’s Center for Dance on West 55th St. and 9th Ave., so I get to run the paths along the Hudson River. The training ritual I look forward to is enjoying the view of the river and the city and the feel of all the energy from both. 
What does the NYC Marathon mean to you? The ‘it will move you’ motto of the NYC Marathon is so fitting. Working at a dance company like Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater, I am aware how movement can inspire and be about much more than the physical experience, and more a manifestation of heart and soul. The NYC marathon is full of heart and represents the best of this great city, which is filled with a multitude of stories. 
It exemplifies how we are better when we join together and move in community.
What's something on your race day or training playlists that would surprise everyone?My surprising song comes from work, where I see first-hand how music is instrumental to inspiring movement by some extraordinary dancers. There’s a tour de force male trio called “Sinner Man” from Alvin Ailey’s uplifting must-see masterpiece Revelations, which is set to a suite of spirituals. The lyrics to the rousing song begin with ‘Oh, sinnerman, where you gonna run to?’ and run is repeatedly sung throughout with a sense of urgency. 
A colleague suggested these alternate lyrics for me to envision as I listen to the song, ‘Oh, Zunnerman, where you gonna run to?’ And on Sunday, November 3, the answer to that is through all the boroughs of NYC. 
Running for charity Autistic Self Advocacy Network 
Why did you decide to run the New York City Marathon? I lived in the city for 10-plus years before moving to the New Jersey suburbs. It's been on my bucket list for years, but I have always been scared to do it. The opportunity came up to run to support the Autistic Self Advocacy Network, and both of our kids have autism. 
It's such a great cause and it's been such an honor to share more about ASAN and the work it does throughout my fundraising. 
How important is running to your work-life balance and well-being?Huge! I work in social and digital, so I try to balance the odd hours with this as my much-needed time to disconnect. I usually turn off my app notifications for my runs. Running really helps me turn down the general noise of life and prepare to start the day. 
Do you see any parallels between marathon training and comms work?Absolutely — the importance of embracing and not being disheartened by first drafts — bad runs — excelling under pressure and committing to showing up, even if sometimes it's with tired eyes or legs. 
Do you have race rituals? Or pre-race rituals? I am usually driving to the races and am able to turn on my karaoke Spotify playlist and sing in the car at the top of my lungs. I can't do that on Sunday's Staten Island Ferry trip over, so I'm sticking to my other big one — pizza. I'm also starting a new one and bringing friendship bracelets to exchange in the start village. 
How inspired do you get by the crowd?The energy of the city is like no other. I ran the NYC Half before and know the marathon is next level. I'm wearing my name so I can high-five lots of people, as I'm counting on their energy almost as much as all the snacks and energy gels I'm stuffing in my pockets. 
What are your major training rituals?I pick out my clothes and prepare my breakfast the night before to make it as easy as possible to not hit snooze the next morning. It's helped me commit to my 20-week training plan.
What does the NYC Marathon mean to you? It means unity, which, in today's very divided world, is even more special. It's the day out of the year where NYC feels the most like one connected space, and I'll forever feel amazed I'm getting to experience this day at least one time as a runner. 
What's something on your race day or training playlists that would surprise everyone? I've added some songs from people who donated to the Autistic Self Advocacy Network. I had to also include some nods to my kids and husband, so lots of Taylor Swift as well as some Encanto and Boyz II Men remixes were musts.
(All images used with permission. Photo credit for Cunningham image: @quentinmui.photos). This story was updated with finish times on November 5. 

		Register now to enjoy more articles and free email bulletins
	
Join a growing community of PRWeek comms professionals today



Stay signed in


Forgotten password?


                                    The Metropolitan Police Service,
                                    City of Westminster, London (Greater)
                                

                                    The Metropolitan Police Service,
                                    London/Hybrid
                                

                                    The UK Committee for UNICEF,
                                    Stratford and New Town, London (Greater)
                                

                                    The Electoral Commission,
                                    UK-wide with significant presence required in the Commission’s office in London.
                                

                                    Copper Consultancy,
                                    Birmingham, Bristol, Cardiff, Glasgow, Manchester, or London (office and hybrid)