Advertisement
For premium support please call:
For premium support please call:
PROVIDENCE — So how does an All-State wrestler who’s never played football in his life end up becoming his school’s starting running back?
Narragansett’s Jack Giannetto had never put pads on before this fall. Football wasn’t his sport, but he succumbed to his friends’ recruiting efforts and decided to suit up for the Mariners this season. There were no expectations. Just show up, work hard and do what the coaches say.
All that’s happened is Giannetto — maybe the story of last winter after his shocking pin in the 190-pound final — has become one of the best stories of the high school football season, one that only got better on Saturday with his two-touchdown performance in Narragansett’s 35-14 win over previously undefeated Juanita Sanchez.
More: Which HS football player was the best in Week 3? Vote now for Providence Journal Player of the Week
More: Rhode Island high school football Week 3 schedules, scores and stats
“We’re feeling great,” Giannetto said. “The first two quarters, they weren’t in our favor. We came off the field at half knowing we had to make a strong push. All of our guys, offense and defense, we came together in the second half.”
There was an era when every wrestler played football. The push for single-sport specialization has ruined that, as club coaches brainwash kids into believing you need to dedicate yourself year-round to one sport and the risk of injury is too high.
Giannetto was never a football player, but it wasn’t because of wrestling. It was just something he really thought about. Narragansett has a tremendous youth program, but he never took part. When he got to high school, Giannetto never really thought about it.
That changed this summer. For a school of its size, Narragansett does well with numbers. This year, the Mariners’ roster was looking thin and Giannetto’s friends persuaded him to give it a shot. You’re big. You’re strong. You’re an athlete. You can handle it.
“I just went and found my position,” Giannetto said. “And helped the team out at that position by doing my best.”
At 6-foot-1, 190 pounds, Giannetto could play just about anywhere on the field, but coach Matt Blessing found a spot for him at running back. Giannetto’s not a burner, but in Narragansett’s Air Raid offense, he’s a perfect fit. He knows his assignments, he runs downhill and isn’t someone you tackle one-on-one.
In the first game of his life, Giannetto ran for over 100 yards and two touchdowns in a win over Cranston East. It was the type of contribution the Mariners weren’t expecting out of the gate.
“Not this early,” quarterback Matt Timpson said. “It’s freaking great that he’s doing it. I’m glad to see it.”
“Nobody would have thought I’d be out there right now,” Giannetto said.
While football practices can be especially difficult, it’s nothing Giannetto hasn’t done in the wrestling room. Workouts are easy. Learning technique is the same on the field as it is on the mat.
The difficult part is what happens behind the scenes. Learning the playbook. Understanding verbiage. Giannetto has embraced the education and, after competing in a very individualized sport, he has enjoyed the team aspect.
“I’m learning every day of course,” Giannetto said. “It’s not hard — you work as a team, you fight as a team.”
Giannetto runs more like a fullback than halfback. He’s not trying to make people miss — just hit the hole, hit it hard and look for someone to hit.
On Saturday night, he showed he can do more than run the ball. Coming out of the backfield for a pass, Timpson threw to Giannetto. The pass was a little off, but Giannetto managed to tip it, change the direction of his body, and corral the ball for his second touchdown of the game.
Just an athlete doing athletic things.
“He’s a great addition to the team,” Timpson said. “We definitely needed more running backs and him doing what he’s doing right now, it’s great.”
“This is great,” Giannetto said. “Being with my friends, winning — it can’t get any better.”
There are plenty of arguments to be made about who the best running back in the state is, but there’s no debate about which running back is having the best season.
Scituate’s Paul Zolkos had the performance of the season so far, carrying the ball 27 times for 302 yards and three touchdowns, including the game-winning 58-yard touchdown run, in the Spartans’ 21-14 win over Tiverton on Saturday.
“That’s just how the game-plan rolls. That’s how it rolled today,” Zolkos said. “I just want to thank my O-line. If it weren’t for them, none of this would have happened.”
Zolkos is a four-year starter for the Spartans, something you rarely see in Rhode Island except at a school the size of Scituate. His running style hasn’t changed since freshman year — he’s looking to run through tacklers, not around them — and tackling Zolkos is not a one-man operation.
Scoreless in the second quarter, Zolkos had two Tigers about to pull him down for a short gain. Instead, Zolkos flicked them off his body like they were gnats, then rumbled 75 yards downfield for a touchdown.
It wasn’t a one-off. Zolkos carried Tigers for yards on some carries. On his game-winner, he broke through arm tackles with the ease of a cross country runner breaking the tape at the finish line.
“I like getting hit, in a nice way,” Zolkos said. “It’s the football way — getting hit is giving me a rush. When I see the open holes and I take it, it’s a nice feeling.
“Churn the legs and keep going. See how far I can get.”
The only thing stopping Zolkos from winning a state rushing title is a teammate. Charlie Grover joins Zolkos in the backfield, giving the Spartans the best running back room in D-IV. Grover had a big game against Central Falls in Scituate’s opener, the two split carries in Week 2 and Saturday’s big game shouldn’t change their usage.
Zolkos doesn’t care about stats, because the Spartans are doing something they haven’t in a while — winning games.
“Senior year, we knew we were going to have to work hard in the summer and we’ve been working hard since June, July,” Zolkos said. “We just have to buckle down and keep going.”
Over the weekend two teams grabbed two much-needed wins.
Mt. Hope nearly pulled off the upset of the D-III season in Week 2, battling Ponaganset in a 10-7 loss. It was a similar story to their winless 2023 season, when the Huskies hung tough with just about everyone but didn’t have a league win to show for it.
That changed on Friday against East Greenwich. With a roster built of experience and youth — but the same type of toughness — Mt. Hope controlled the game with defense while the offense sustained drives and finished them off. J.J. Pimental, Zach Borges and Rocco Palazio all had touchdowns in the 20-0 win.
Shea also went winless in 2023. It was a transition season as head coach Jimmy Torres took over for legendary coach Dino Campopiano.
The Raiders traveled to Middletown on Friday and put on an offensive show.
Keondre Silva was the star, carrying the ball 12 times for 113 yards and three touchdowns. Teammate Angel Lopes found the end zone twice as Shea came away with a 32-21 win over the Islanders.
Not every team is going to win a Super Bowl. But on any Friday (or Saturday, and sometimes Thursday) a team can feel like it’s going to.
It can be tough working hard week in, week out, with nothing to show for it. Good to see these two programs grab wins and it will be interesting to see how it helps them moving forward.
Didn’t think I was gonna have a good review but then the Cranston culinary department showed up with a food truck and blew my doors off pic.twitter.com/uitH6cOZmR
— Eric Rueb (@EricRueb) September 27, 2024
∎Cranston West continues to be one of the best environments to watch a game in Rhode Island. Making it better? The school’s culinary department has a food truck that makes a cheeseburger — and this is not hyperbole — that's better than any you’ll find in an actual restaurant.
∎A follower on Instagram asked me a fun question last week — if you put Derrick Henry on Davies, would the Patriots beat Hendricken. My original answer was no, just because I thought the Hawks had enough to slow Henry down. After watching what Henry did to the Buffalo Bills, I have changed my answer.
∎Portsmouth’s Adam Conheeny is another example of why high school basketball players should play football. Let athletes be athletes and, surprise, they do athletic things.
∎High school players asking me to “pop into my game Friday” during La Salle-Hendricken week is my reminder that kids are oblivious to how the media works.
∎North Kingstown quarterback Jack Diano is quietly putting together an All-State resumé. The first-year starter threw for nearly 400 yards in the Skippers’ win over Westfield last week.
∎Speaking of QBs who chucked it last weekend, Tiverton head coach Dillon Sheridan told me pregame he’d be shocked if they threw a pass play more than six yards On Saturday against Scituate. What happened? Ben Troia went out and threw for 323 yards and two touchdowns.
∎Thought I was going to have a great celebration video after Damien Ocampo scored his fourth touchdown against West on Friday. Instead, he flipped the ball to the ref and went to the sidelines. He did what good players do — nothing.
∎While I appear on WPRI 12’s "Friday Night Blitz" and encourage everyone to watch it every Friday at 11:15, you might want to set your DVRs and record ABC6’s "Pick Six." Nick Coit and Ian Steele have unmatched chemistry and Coit dropping a Chappell Roan reference on a highlight this week was incredible. They’re your favorite media members’ favorite media members.
∎That said, everyone in TV and social media missed out not putting something together with Ben Black returning at quarterback this week. Putting AC/DC’s ‘Back in Black’ over his highlights seems like a no-brainer for Week 4.
Cranston West got it within a score, but St. Raphael shuts the door as Damien Ocampo caps a 50-yard drive with his fourth TD of the night. pic.twitter.com/AGQwV3sY3g
— Eric Rueb (@EricRueb) September 28, 2024
∎St. Raphael at Burrillville is the big game on Saturday, but the Broncos won’t have the homefield advantage you’d think they would. Forgetting the Saints play at Pariseau Field, I asked Ocampo about playing at Burrillville and he delivered the quote of the week.
“We know it’s really hard to play on that field, but we play on a trashy field, too, so we know what it takes.”
∎This is why high school football is the best. See you after Week 4.
This article originally appeared on The Providence Journal: Eric Rueb Monday morning column on Week 3 of RIIL football season
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement