Great podcasts are all about great chemistry between the hosts—and who has better chemistry than people who grew up together and know each other inside and out?
Podcasters get in fights all the time and split up over it (see: Call Her Daddy) but sibling-hosted shows are different: Siblings are more likely to be used to fighting and getting over it, and that combative tension, underscored by family bonds, can make for a more entertaining, endearing show. Siblings have spent years giving each other noogies, sharing hand-me-downs, going on vacation together, and maybe dealing with hard adult stuff, like losing a parent. It’s no surprise these podcasts have a particular vibe. \
These 10 sibling-hosted shows will either be extremely relatable, or, if you’re an only child like me, a fascinating visit into Sibling Town.
If you’re looking for a podcast that’s equal parts hilarious, nostalgic, and heartwarming, Family Trips With the Meyers Brothers should be your next listen. Brothers Seth (Late Night with Seth Meyers) and Josh Meyers (an equally funny comedian) ask guests like Nate Bargatze, Amy Poehler, Reggie Watts, and Jeff Tweedy about their family vacations, family anecdotes, and the general quirks of family life. It’s a journey through childhood, and your vehicle is a Chrysler mini van on its way to the Grand Canyon (don’t make dad turn this thing around!) The Meyers brothers have a knack for finding recurring themes in their guests' stories, evidence that the tension and benefits of the sibling bond are universal. 
Hank and John Green (of YouTube fame, and yes, it's the same John Green who wrote The Fault In Our Stars) are the hosts of one of the most universally beloved podcasts, Dear Hank and John, a chatty mix of advice, big existential questions, and adorable brotherly love. The listener-submitted questions can be silly or serious, which mirrors the vibe of the show itself—lots of fun, but thoughtfully so. Hank is playful, while John is more philosophical. Together they guarantee a funny and earnest show with heart. There are a few recurring segments—Hank shares updates about his favorite celestial body (Mars), and John John discusses the latest news on AFC Wimbledon, his favorite soccer team—but you'll come back to Dear Hank and John simply for the pleasure of their company.
The Heart is a beautifully produced podcast, created by Kaitlin Prest what what sounds like her whole, well, heart. Katilin explores uncomfortable topics (loss, sex, race) and uses sound in a way that makes listening an experience rather than a passive activity. Her mini-series Sisters, which she produced with her sister Natalie, is an evocative exploration of sisterhood, identity, and personal growth, offering listeners an intimate look into their lives, warts and all. It’s like you’re awkwardly sitting between them at the family dinner table while they're in the middle of an old argument. They narrate their way through shared memories, lingering conflicts, and the bonds that shaped them. It’s a compelling mixture of raw conversations and poignant, unforgettable storytelling. 
My Brother, My Brother and Me is a hilarious advice podcast hosted by the McElroy brothers: Justin, Travis, and Griffin. They’re funny and quick-witted, and their brotherly chemistry is always on point. The ostensible point of the show is to answer absurd questions from their extremely loyal listeners (“How do I convince my wife to let me get a pet tarantula?”), or sometimes pulled from the depths of Yahoo Answers. They are most lovable for their earnestness, enthusiasm, and endless goofy bits. This is a show that advertises advice, but really delivers connection, creativity, brotherly love, and weirdness. (If you like them here, you can also listen to them play Dungeons & Dragons with their dad.) 
SNL's Vanessa Bayer and her brother Jonah are the hosts of How Did We Get Weird?, the show that gets comedians to talk about the quirky snacks, TV shows, toys, and random trends that shaped their childhoods. Vanessa might be the one on the comedy TV show, but Jonah is really funny, too. If you grew up in the '90s, listening to them is a hilarious ride down memory lane, with stops to talk about the Power Rangers, Happy Meal toys, Saved by the Bell, and Popples. (The pair grew up in Cleveland (like me!) and the show is also littered with references only Clevelandars will appreciate.) It's retro pop culture apologia mixed with sharp, sibling banter. If Squeezits, Saturday Morning Cartoons, and Choose Your Own Adventure Books raised you too, listen to this show while shrieking “Hey, I remember that!” every few minutes.
Beach Too Sandy, Water Too Wet is a hilarious podcast where hosts (and siblings) Alex and Christine Schiefer dramatically read and dissect absurd, over-the-top negative reviews from across the internet. It’s the combination of their deadpan delivery, funny commentary, and the theatrical music they play to accompany their readings that takes these reviews from ridiculous to sublime. 
If you love Sydnee McElroy from Sawbones, follow her to Still Buffering, where she bridges the gap between what it was like to be a teenager decades ago and what it's like to be a teen today with the help of her siblings Teylor and Rileigh Smirl. They talk new and old TV shows and movies, listen to albums, and discuss Chappell Roan in an attempt to get to the heart of how generations divide us, how they don’t, and how three siblings can communicate using pop culture touch points as tools.
Siblings Kristen Anderson and Will Rogers were raised on mysteries, and now bring them to listeners via their podcast Guide to the Unknown. It’s full of the scary, weird, and creepy stuff podcast listeners can’t seem to get enough of, but delivered with the good vibes of your favorite chat show. Kristen and Will share the same sense of humor, and a curiosity for the strange. Conversations around aliens, haunted houses, urban legends and internet creepypastas are thoughtful and kinda cozy. 
Tooth and Claw is perfect for anyone who loves wildlife, adventure, and a good story told with a dose of sibling chemistry. Hosted by brothers Wes and Jeff Larson, along with their friend Mike Smith, the show tells true stories of real-life animal attacks with a blend of insight, irreverent humor, and the kind of natural tension that happens when siblings get together. Wes, a wildlife biologist, brings expert knowledge, while Jeff and Mike add wit and excitement, so the show is equal parts educational and entertaining. It’s a great hang, provided you’re into hearing about people getting mauled by bears or breached upon by Humpback whales. 
New Heights With Jason & Travis Kelce made a splash earlier this year when it scored a $100 million deal with Wondery. That’s a number thousands of times larger than most podcasters will ever see, but it’s not surprising: Celeb podcasts are huge and this podcast is delivering us two huge stars in NFL pro brothers Jason and Travis Kelce (not to mention adjacency to thee Taylor Swift). The Kelce brothers are a dynamic podcasting duo, sprinkling brotherly banter and laughter into their insider takes on NFL life, locker room stories, and game analysis. You don’t need to love sports (or Taylor Swift) to get something out of this one. 
Lauren is the founder of Tink Media and writes two podcast newsletters, Podcast the Newsletter and Podcast Marketing Magic. Her podcast discovery podcast is called Feed the Queue. 
Lauren is the founder of Tink Media and writes two podcast newsletters, Podcast the Newsletter and Podcast Marketing Magic. Her podcast discovery podcast is called Feed the Queue. 
Lifehacker has been a go-to source of tech help and life advice since 2005. Our mission is to offer reliable tech help and credible, practical, science-based life advice to help you live better.
                
© 2001-2025 Ziff Davis, LLC., A ZIFF DAVIS COMPANY. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Lifehacker is a federally registered trademark of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate
                    any affiliation or the
                    endorsement of Lifehacker. If you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service, we may be paid a fee by that merchant.