Global superstars like Taylor Swift, Sabrina Carpenter and Chappell Roan were spotted at The Video Music Awards earlier this week. But, one celebrity caught attention for her incredible abs.
Katy Perry returned to the recording studio this year after leaving her role as an American Idol judge to release new music - including summer anthem Woman's World. The mum-of-one stole the show, not only with her memorable performance but also with her red carpet outfit that flaunted her sculpted abs.
The California Girls star has previously shared that she "cut out sugar and processed foods" as well as started an intense workout plan with fiancé Orlando Bloom. The 39-year-old is said to be 'loving how fit she is right now' and feeling 'sexy and confident'.
With people already looking online for ways to achieve similar results themselves, it couldn't be simpler to start. Experts at Mirafit have outlined some exercises you can try at home to get that same sculpted look.
Even better, these don't require any extra equipment and can be boxed off in less than an hour. These seven exercises combine well to target areas that will have you on your way to looking like the Hot N Cold singer.
Elbow planks are better for strengthening and toning your core than forearm planks, as you limit movement from your upper body, working those core muscles much more. Start by lying on your stomach with your toes tucked in. Then, slowly lift your body off the ground using your forearms, maintaining a straight line.
Ensure your hips are tucked in, your shoulders are relaxed, and you engage your core by drawing your belly button into your body rather than towards the floor. Start by holding the plank for 20 seconds and gradually increase the duration of the plank as you become more confident and increase your strength.
This exercise focuses on the lower abdomen and engages your core. Scissor kicks also work your glutes, quads, and abductors. Start by lying on a mat on your back, facing the ceiling, and resting your arms by your sides, palms facing downwards. Push your lower back into the mat and tuck in your pelvis to start engaging the core.
Lift both legs off the mat at about a 45-degree angle, then lift one leg while lowering the other. Repeat this motion by alternating lifting and lowering each leg.
Remember to keep your core tight while doing this to ensure you truly feel the burn. Start with 10 reps (repetition of exercise) and increase depending on your ability and strength.
This exercise is great for working and strengthening your core, arms, back, shoulders, and legs. Start in a high plank position with your shoulders positioned over your wrists, pelvis tucked in, and ribs drawn towards your hips.
Bring one leg into your chest, keeping the other leg in the starting position. Alternate legs and repeat this for 45 seconds or longer if you can handle the burn.
Ab crunches tone and strengthen your abdominal muscles, specifically working the rectus abdominis, also known as your six-pack. Ab crunches differ from a normal sit-up in that with this exercise, your shoulders and upper back are lifted off the floor, making it a little more difficult.
Start by lying on a mat with your feet on the floor and your knees bent before resting your arms on your thighs. Keep your lower back on the mat, but lift your shoulders and upper back off the mat by squeezing your abs and pulling your sternum towards your belly button.
Slowly lower your shoulders and upper back on the mat before repeating and remember to breathe while lifting and lowering. Start by doing 12-15 reps and increase to a total of three sets of 12-15 reps when you feel able and strong enough.
If you want to elevate your ab crunches and challenge yourself even more, try bicycle crunches. These work the same muscles as a standard ab crunch but also engage your internal and external obliques.
Similarly to an ab crunch, lie on your back with your feet flat on the ground keeping your shoulders slightly raised and chest lifted. Keep one leg straight, lift off the ground, and bend the other towards your chest.
As you bend the knee towards you, bring the opposite elbow to the knee using a twisting motion. Alternate legs and repeat this around 10 times, gradually increasing when you feel you are able to.
Not only is this exercise good for your abs, but bird dogs are also good for strengthening the hips and back, thus helping improve your posture. Start on all fours, wrists under the shoulders and knees under your hips.
Make sure your back is flat and your core is engaged before lifting one arm out in front of you while lifting the opposite leg straight at hip height. Bring both your arm and leg into your body so that they meet. Do 10-12 reps on each side and increase if you feel strong enough to do so.
This exercise is excellent at engaging your upper and lower abdomen, specifically working your rectus abdominis. Lie on your back with your legs in the air at a 90-degree angle, then press your lower back onto the mat with your shoulders lifted off the mat.
Extend your arms and try to reach your toes, then lower back down to the mat. To make this exercise a little more challenging and effective, hold a dumbbell and lift it towards your toes.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.