Sabrina Carpenter is the first female artist in Official U.K. Chart history to hold the top two spots for three consecutive weeks simultaneously. 

													By
												

	Jessica Lynch


Sabrina Carpenter is brewing up a storm in the U.K. music scene, becoming the first female artist in Official U.K. Chart history to simultaneously hold the top two spots for three consecutive weeks. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Sabrina Carpenter		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Her latest hit, “Please Please Please,” has maintained its position at No. 1, while her previous chart-topper “Espresso” continues to percolate at No. 2 for the third week running.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	This week, “Espresso” is also the most-streamed track, logging 7.1 million combined streams, while “Please Please Please” follows closely with 7 million streams. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The major achievement places Carpenter in elite company, matching The Beatles, who managed this feat twice—in 1963 with “I Want To Hold Your Hand” and “She Loves You,” and again in 1967 with “Hello Goodbye” and “Magical Mystery Tour EP.” 

	Only Justin Bieber and Ed Sheeran have surpassed this record, with Bieber achieving four weeks at the top two spots in 2015, and Sheeran holding the positions for five weeks on two separate occasions in 2017.

	Beyond the U.K. charts, Carpenter recently also became the first artist this year to have two No. 1 hits on the Pop Airplay chart, thanks to “Espresso.” Additionally, both “Please Please Please” and “Espresso” have topped several Billboard Global charts.

	In other chart news, Chappell Roan celebrates her first-ever Official Top 5 single this week with “Good Luck, Babe!” rising three spots to No. 4. The track also tops the Official Vinyl Singles Chart, proving the most popular song on that format. Roan’s success continues with “HOT TO GO!” jumping seven spots to No. 26 and “Red Wine Supernova” holding steady at No. 40.

Central Cee and Lil Baby’s “BAND4BAND” rebounds to No. 10, while Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” climbs three spots to No. 11 following the release of its headline-grabbing music video. Mark Ambor’s “Belong Together” moves up two places to No. 14, and Benson Boone’s “Slow It Down” returns to its previous peak at No. 15, with “Beautiful Things” rising one spot to No. 18.

Coldplay’s “feelslikeimfallinginlove” jumps nine places to a new peak at No. 16 after their Glastonbury performance. 

Jordan Adetunji’s “KEHLANI” reaches a career-best at No. 24, climbing five places. Dua Lipa’s “Illusion” rebounds nine spots to No. 25, and “Houdini” returns to the Top 40 at No. 38.

	










The Kid LAROI’s “NIGHTS LIKE THIS” surges 17 places to No. 30, fueled by viral social media success. Finally, BL3SS, CamrinWatsin, bbyclose, and Evan McGee enter the U.K. Top 40 for the first time with “Kisses,” climbing nine spots to No. 35.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.