Today's e-Edition
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Today's e-Edition

			Trending:		
Check out this roundup of Bay Area happenings to add some sure-fire fun to your summer:
Bounce the City: Now through June 30 at 2086 Newpark Mall Road, Newark. This immersive attraction features inflatable fun for the whole family with a 600+ foot-long obstacle course, an intergalactic, extraterrestrial City Xscape, a supersized Skyscraper Slide and a silent Headphone Disco Dome. Tickets start at $24. bouncethecity.com/event/newark
Circus in the Parks: Select dates now through July 21, various Bay Area locations. Watch in awe as the vivaciously colorful Circus Bella Company, comprising a diverse troupe of acrobats, aerialists, jugglers, and clowns from the Bay Area and beyond, performs to the lively tunes of Rob Reich and the 6-piece Circus Bella All-Star Band. Free. circusbella.org/circusintheparks
Sculpture in the Garden: Now through Aug. 11, Ruth Bancroft Garden & Nursery, 1552 Bancroft Road, Walnut Creek. Visitors are invited to immerse themselves in the beauty of the Ruth Bancroft garden while admiring a stunning array of sculptures. Each piece has been carefully curated to complement the natural surroundings, creating a harmonious blend of art and nature. $0 to $12. ruthbancroftgarden.org/sculpture-in-the-garden
Movies on the Square: Thursdays now through Aug. 29, Courthouse Square, Redwood City. Gather your friends and family, grab a blanket or a lawn chair and head on over to Redwood City’s outdoor movie series, featuring everything from family-friendly favorites to cult classics. Free. redwoodcity.org/residents/redwood-city-events/movies
Noise Pop Summer of Music: Now through August at various San Francisco venues. Noise Pop is bringing unique musicians of all styles and genres from around the Bay Area to perform live concerts throughout six neighborhoods across the city all summer long. Free. summerofmusicsf.com
Filoli Summer Nights: 5 to 8 p.m. Wednesdays and Thursdays now through Sept. 19, Filoli Historic House & Garden, 86 Cañada Road, Woodside. Slow down, smell the roses and watch the sun dip behind the mountains while enjoying bar libations, food trucks, and acoustic tunes in the garden. $0 to $38. filoli.org/summer-nights
Sunset Movie Nights on Treasure Island: Select Tuesdays now through Oct. 8, Gold Bar Whiskey, 1 Avenue of the Palms, San Francisco. Join Gold Bar Whiskey for outdoor movie nights on Treasure Island. Groove to a live DJ while enjoying the sunset before the movie starts at sundown. Gold Bar will be screening films where some of the filming and production actually took place on Treasure Island! $0 to $10. tinyurl.com/TreasureIslandMovies
Opera in the Vineyard: June 23 and Aug. 18, Garré Vineyard & Winery, 7986 Tesla Road, Livermore. Join Livermore Valley Opera for a relaxing evening filled with beautiful voices and captivating melodies in a picturesque vineyard, best enjoyed while sampling some of Garré’s award-winning wines. $80. livermorevalleyopera.com
Stern Grove Festival: June 23 through Aug. 25, Sigmund Stern Recreation Grove, San Francisco. The Stern Grove Festival is the nation’s longest running nonprofit festival, celebrating 87 years of free music with a 2024 lineup featuring Tegan and Sara, Chicano Batman, the San Francisco Symphony, The Commodores and more. Tickets are free but must be reserved online at sterngrove.org.
Apricot STEM Fair: 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. June 29, Los Altos History Museum, 51 S. San Antonio Road, Los Altos. Enjoy hands-on STEM activities that highlight the journey of humans — and apricots — to the Santa Clara Valley and beyond. Learn about steam power from a model train, experiment with the physics behind roller coasters, sun-dry your own apricots and start a new apricot orchard. $0 to $10. losaltoshistory.org/events/apricot-stem-fair-5
Martinez Beaver Festival: 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. June 29, Susana Park, Estudillo at Susana Street, Martinez. This beloved annual event celebrates the beavers who came to Martinez in 2007 with live music, wildlife and conservation exhibits and children’s activities and a wildlife chalk artist completing an onsite mural. Free admission. martinezbeavers.org
It’s The Malt! — Craft Malt Festival: 1 to 5 p.m. June 29, The Rake at Admiral Maltings, 651A W. Tower Ave., Alameda. This festival celebrates the artistry and tradition of malting with a local craft beer showcase, an International Floor Malting Collaboration, a brewing demonstration, whiskey tastings, live music and a barbecue extravaganza. $50 to $75. tinyurl.com/MaltFest
Pacific Chamber Orchestra Presents Franc D’Ambrosio: 7:30 p.m. June 29, Lafayette-Orinda Presbyterian Church, 49 Knox Drive, Lafayette. Broadway and movie star Franc D’Ambrosio — the longest running San Francisco Phantom — stars in a pops concert of Broadway hits alongside the Pacific Chamber Orchestra and chorus. $25 to $65. pacificchamberorchestra.org
Poetry Nap at Chabot Planetarium: 8 p.m. June 29, Chabot Space and Science Center, 10000 Skyline Blvd., Oakland. Delight in a cozy, world-expanding Poetry Nap under the celestial marvels of the Chabot Space & Science Center’s full-dome Planetarium, complete with the world premiere of a brand new Poetry Nap voyage, “The Enchanting Secret of the Opalescent Moon.” $30 to $40. poetrynap.com/tickets
Jack London Dog Parade: 9:30 to 11:30 a.m. June 30, Jack London State Historic Park, 2400 London Ranch Road, Glen Ellen. Celebrate summer with a parade of pooches at Jack London State Historic Park. A gathering of 15 (potentially costumed) dogs and their humans will walk around the Beauty Ranch and then down to the Wolf House. Free admission, $5 dog entry fee for the parade. jacklondonpark.com/events/dogs-on-parade
Sounds of the Shores: 5 to 7 p.m. June 30, July 21 and Aug. 18, Marlin Park, Redwood City. Enjoy the beautiful summer weather while listening to live music performances by talented local artists from the water’s edge of the Redwood Shores lagoon. In addition to the music, there will be food trucks on site for you all your tasty eats needs. Free admission. tinyurl.com/ShoreSounds
High Sierra Music Festival: July 4-7, Plumas County Fairgrounds, 204 Fairground Road, Quincy. Join this annual pilgrimage to experience musical magic, artisanal food and drinks, arts and craft vendors, parades and mindfulness activities. Find updated ticket information at highsierramusic.com.
Hops & Creek Brewfest: July 6, 1375 Civic Drive, Walnut Creek. Walnut Creek’s annual craft beer festival is once again taking over Civic Park for July 4th weekend. Enjoy good food, live music and fun activities while sampling sips from more than 20 NorCal breweries. Find updated ticket information at hopsandcreek.com.
Wharf Walks: 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. July 6 and Aug. 3 at 1 Old Fisherman’s Wharf in Monterey. Monterey’s Fisherman’s Wharf Association continues its popular Wharf Walks with award-winning Monterey Bay Fisheries historian and author Tim Thomas. Attendees will gain  insight into the cultural history of the wharf and surrounding neighborhoods. Free. montereywharf.com
California State Fair: July 12-28, 1600 Exposition Blvd., Sacramento. Join this showcase of California’s industries, agriculture and diversity. The state fair features blue-ribbon animal displays, culinary delights and competitions, live music, a carnival, fireworks and other family fun. $0 to $16 admission, rides prices separately. calexpostatefair.com
Taste of Napa: 12 to 3 p.m. July 13, Meritage Resort And Spa, 875 Bordeaux Way, Napa. Festival Napa Valley’s Taste of Napa celebration will feature more than 70 wineries, breweries, restaurants and culinary artisans, plus live music, games, activities and a special international wine showcase. $150 to $295. festivalnapavalley.org/calendar/taste-of-napa-2024
SailGP Season 4 Championship: July 13-14, San Francisco Bay. Following 13 events of intense, stadium style racing at the most iconic venues in the world, the 10-strong F50 fleet returns to San Francisco to decide the ultimate winner of Season 4. Five fleet races will propel the top three teams into the winner-takes-all Grand Final showdown. Free viewing along the waterfront, various event packages available. sailgp.com
Pub in the Park: 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. July 13, Aug. 3 and Sept. 7, Red Morton Park, 1120 Roosevelt Ave., Redwood City. Enjoy a leisurely summer afternoon lounging in the park while listening to bluegrass, sipping delicious local brews and enjoying lawn games. Each event features a variety of microbreweries and food trucks. Free admission. tinyurl.com/RedwoodPubinthePark
Northern Nights Music Festival: July 19-21, Cooks Valley Campground, 83950 Road 442E, Piercy. This annual festival features live music performances, art displays and vendors, regional craft brews and wines, organic food offerings and mindful spaces for yoga and meditation including tree and hammock lounges. $299 to $499. northernnights.org
Italian Family Festa San Jose: Aug. 3-4, History Park, 1650 Senter Road, San Jose. This annual festival showcases authentic Italian culture, music, food and wine. In previous years, this festival has also offered grape stomping, a wine garden and kids activity area. Free admission. italianfamilyfestasj.org
San Jose Jazz Summer Fest: Aug. 9-11, downtown San Jose, Plaza de Cesar Chavez and nearby venues. This 34th annual festival will feature scores of musicians performing jazz, R&B, Latin jazz, salsa, soul, funk and other genres on nine stages, along with food, arts, wine, beer booths. Headliner Herbie Hancock leads the lineup that includes Lisa Fischer, Maze Honoring Frankie Beverly, Spanish Harlem Orchestra, Family Stone, Angelique Kidjo, Delfeayo Marsalis with Uptown Jazz. Daily tickets, $35 adults, $10 children; find three-day pass deals online at summerfest.sanjosejazz.org.
Outside Lands: Aug. 9-11, Golden Gate Park, San Francisco. This annual outdoor extravaganza celebrates live music as well as Bay Area food, wine, beer and comedy. The 2024 lineup includes big-name artists like The Killers, Grace Jones, Tyler the Creator, Renee Rapp, Chappell Roan, and The Postal Service. Find updated ticket information at sfoutsidelands.com.
Gravenstein Apple Fair: Aug. 10-11, Ragle Ranch Regional Park, Sebastopol. Experience farm life through hands-on demonstrations, savor foods made by local chefs using local ingredients, sip locally made beverages and learn about the history of Gravenstein farming, all while enjoying live music. $0 to $30 admission. gravensteinapplefair.com
Brick Fest Live: Aug. 17-18 at Alameda County Fairgrounds and Sept. 14-15 at Sacramento’s SAFE Credit Union Convention Center. This bonanza of a brick fest offers life-size models, hands-on attractions and shopping opportunities for hard-to-find LEGO merchandise. $16.99 to $34.99. brickfestlive.com
Hot Wheels Glow Party: Aug. 24-25, Chase Center, 1 Warriors Way, San Francisco. The Hot Wheels Glow Party production features fan-favorite monster trucks, a laser light show, spectacular theatrical effects, dance parties, giveaways, robot performances and the high-flyers of Hot Wheels Monster Trucks Live freestyle motocross team. Tickets start at $47.50. tinyurl.com/HotWheelsGlow
158th Scottish Highland Gathering and Games: Aug. 31 through Sept. 1 in the Alameda County Fairgrounds at 4501 Pleasanton Ave. in Pleasanton. Enjoy sports competitions and athletic feats, traditional music and dance, Celtic heritage events and whisky tastings. $0 to $35 admission. thescottishgames.com
Extraordinary Cow Palace: Now through 2026, San Mateo County History Museum, 2200 Broadway, Redwood City. The Cow Palace has been an important part of Bay Area history for more than 83 years. Now the San Mateo County Historical Association is preserving, celebrating and sharing this history with a new exhibit exploring the landmark venue and its many events. $0 to $6. historysmc.org/exhibits/extraordinary-cow-palace
Have an entertainment event to add? Submit it online at forms.gle/Cu9J6Ks2fQiQUcKk8.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group