AJ Tracey, Becky Hill, Amyl And The Sniffers, The Dare, Enter Shikari and Lambrini Girls are also on the bill, with Bloc Party set to play the first ever 'icon' slot. Check out the full line-up and ticket details here
The first names on the line-up for Reading & Leeds 2025 have been announced – with Chappell Roan, Travis Scott, Bring Me The Horizon and Hozier all set to headline. Check out the full bill so far and ticket details below.
After a blockbuster 2024 edition that saw Liam Gallagher, Lana Del Rey, Fred Again.., Blink-182, Catfish & The Bottlemen and Gerry Cinnamon top the bill, the twin-site festival will next year saw four headliners above a raft of other huge names and rising talent.
Chappell Roan will be making the victory lap off the back of the phenomenal slowburn success of her debut album ‘The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess‘, appearing at R&L as an English headline exclusive.
Travis Scott will be bringing the wild world of his ‘Utopia: Circus Maximus’ tour to the UK with his only 2025 European festival appearance, while Bring Me The Horizon return to headline for a second time as they continue to take their celebrated 2024 album ‘Post Human: Nex Gen‘ on the road with their only 2025 UK festival appearance. The same goes for Hozier, who completes the four headliners for R&L next summer, as he rounds off live shows for his huge 2023 album ‘Unreal Unearth‘.
Elsewhere on the bill are the likes of AJ Tracey, Becky Hill, Sammy Virij, Trippie Redd, Amyl And The Sniffers, Conan Gray, The Kooks, The Dare, Enter Shikari, Wallows, Sea Girls, Mannequin Pussy, SOFT PLAY, Lambrini Girls, DJ EZ, and many more. Bloc Party have also been confirmed to play the first ever ‘Icon Slot’ at R&L 2025.
A post shared by Reading & Leeds Festival (@officialrandl)
“We are beyond excited to be returning to Reading & Leeds for our first fully fledged headline slot,” said Bring Me The Horizon’s Oli Sykes, after the Sheffield metal giants shared top-billing with Arctic Monkeys for their stellar set back in 2022.
“We are going to bring hands down the greatest show of our careers. It’s going to be our only UK performance next year and the final European show of the ‘NEX GEN campaign’ before the band take time away, so if you want to see BMTH next year, this truly is your only chance. Can’t wait.”
Managing Director of Festival Republic Melvin Benn added:“Right now, we’re witnessing an exciting wave of inspiring voices breaking through in pop culture, and this line-up captures that energy perfectly. This is one of the youngest average ages for headliners in years, and that’s very exciting in itself.
“We are delighted to welcome Chappell Roan’s debut, an inspiring new pop star poised to define a generation, sitting alongside one of our favourite modern songwriters, Hozier. We are also proud to welcome back Bring Me The Horizon, a band who have grown with us over the years to become the UK’s biggest alternative act. Add to that the massive European exclusive appearance of Travis Scott and an unrivalled selection of dance music’s biggest names, and you’ve got something truly special. It will be a genuine privilege to witness these moments, from iconic headliners to extraordinary emerging artists alike.”
Chappell Roan. Credit: Kristen Jan Wong for NME
He added: “Bringing together these worlds and delivering a standout weekend every summer is ultimately what makes Reading & Leeds the UK’s biggest, best and most unmissable music festival”
Reading & Leeds returns the August Bank Holiday weekend between Thursday 21 – Sunday 24 August 2025 at Richfield Avenue in Reading and Bramham Park in Leeds. There will be a pre-sale for tickets at 12pm on Friday December 6, before a general sale from 12pm on Monday December 9. Visit here for tickets and more information.
Chappell Roan
Hozier
Bring Me The Horizon
Travis Scott
AJ Tracey
Becky Hill
Sammy Virji
Enter Shikari
The Kooks
Bloc Party
Trippie Redd
Conan Gray
Amyl And The Sniffers
Wunderhorse
Royel Otis
Del Water Gap
Balming Tiger
Alessi Rose
DJ EZ
Rudim3ntal
High Vis
Bilmuri
Blanco
Issey Cross
Antony Szmierek
Mannequin Pussy
Girls Don’t Sync
Good Kid
Nieve Ella
Lancey Foux
The Dare
Suki Waterhouse
Sofia Isella
Lambrini Girls
Snow Strippers
Soft Play
Luvcat
Sea Girls
Pale Waves
Songer
The Chats
Wallows
Lola Young
The Linda Lindas
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.