Abby Lee Miller attended the 2024 Emmys at Los Angeles’ Peacock Theater Sept. 15. As the Dance Moms star told her Instagram followers, "Let’s celebrate TV tonight."
If you’re a Dance Moms fan, then this sighting might be at the top of your 2024 Emmys pyramid.
Abby Lee Miller attended the annual award show at Los Angeles’ Peacock Theater on Sept. 15. For the big night, the 58-year-old wore a sparkly white ensemble—finishing her look with a silver purse and coordinating jewelry (you can dance on over to see more star-studded looks at the 76th Emmy Awards here).
In fact, Abby shared a video of herself getting ready ahead of the ceremony. Set to Chappell Roan’s “Hot to Go!,” the clip showed the Abby Lee Dance Company founder doing her hair, eyelashes, nails and makeup before debuting her final look.
“Ready for the 2024 Emmy Awards,” she wrote on Instagram, “who’s tuning in tonight?!”
Once Abby arrived at the event, she continued to keep her followers updated on all the fun.
“Hello, everybody, Abby Lee Miller here live at the Emmys,” the dance instructor—who's attended the event before, including in 2021—said in a video from the red carpet posted to Instagram. “It’s all happening right here, right now. Red carpet’s going on, hustle and bustle, people trying to find their seats and taking pictures with the Emmy, yes, right behind me. So, it’s all happening. Make sure you tune in tonight to watch the Emmys on television. Let’s celebrate TV tonight.”
Though Abby herself isn’t nominated this evening, she has had some major wins lately. Earlier in the day, she posted a video of her progress at physical therapy—noting on Instagram she was, “Walking into the new week ahead with shoulders back, chest out, chin up, and confidence!”
#AbbyLeeMiller attending the #EMMYs is at the top of our pyramid. 
As for who is nominated tonight, Shogun leads the pack with 25 nods followed by The Bear with 23. True Detective: Night Country trails closely behind with 19, and The Crown has 18 (see the full list of nominees here and keep up with all the winners here).
To see more stars at the 2024 Emmys—hosted by Dan Levy and Eugene Levy—keep reading.
Nicola Coughlan
In custom Prabal Gurung. 
Ayo Edebiri
In custom Bottega Veneta.
Jennifer Aniston
In Oscar de la Renta and Tiffany & Co. jewelry. 
Sofía Vergara
In custom Dolce & Gabbana.
Selena Gomez
In custom Ralph Lauren. 
Reese Witherspoon
In Christian Dior. 
Quinta Brunson
In Georges Chakra FW24 Couture and Tiffany & Co. jewelry.
Jeremy Allen White
In custom Calvin Klein.
Elizabeth Debicki
In Christian Dior, De Beers jewelry, Vacheron Constantin watch and Aldo shoes.
Meryl Streep
In Alexander McQueen.
Da'Vine Joy Randolph
In Sophie Couture and Bulgari jewelry.
Holland Taylor
In custom Louis Vuitton.
Sarah Paulson
In Prada.
Dan Levy
In Loewe SS25 RTW and Jacques Marie Mage glasses.
Abby Elliott
In Monique Lhuillier and custom KAY Jewelers and Monique Lhuillier earrings and ring.
Viola Davis
In custom Zuhair Murad. 
Juno Temple
In vintage Roberto Cavalli. 
Maya Rudolph
In Chloé FW24 RTW. 
Niecy Nash-Betts
In custom Christian Siriano with Le Vian and Kallati jewelry.
Jean Smart
In custom Laura Basci.
Hannah Einbinder
In custom Louis Vuitton. 
Mindy Kaling
In Gayrav Gupta SS24 Couture and Wempe jewelry. 
Jonathan Bailey
In Giorgio Armani, Santoni shoes, and DeBeers jewelry. 
Lily Gladstone
In custom Rodarte and Wempe jewelry. 
Sheryl Lee Ralph
In custom Ateliee Versace. 
Janelle James
In Marchesa. 
Brie Larson
In custom Chanel.
Richard Gadd
In Loewe. 
Jessica Gunning
In custom Rodarte.
Reba McEntire
In Roberto Cavalli.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.