Chappell Roan shouted at someone to "shut the fuck up" on the red carpet of the Video Music Awards — after they yelled the same.
A clip of the incident went viral on X during Wednesday's event. It showed Roan yelling at the photographer section while her stylist was fixing her dress.
She later said the VMA red carpet was a "horrifying" experience.
It comes after Roan, who exploded in popularity earlier this year, has spoken out about her boundaries in public interactions in recent months, including calling out "creepy" fan behavior.
The viral clip shows Roan saying, "You shut the fuck up! Not me bitch."
While some initially criticized Roan for this, others supported her after a longer clip went online, in which someone out of the frame can be heard saying, "Shut the fuck up," before Roan shouts back.
pic.twitter.com/gAoTf4mnsO
Some outlets, like The Hollywood Reporter, reported a photographer had yelled the phrase, but it is not clear whether the words were directed at Roan.
Later during the event, Roan told Entertainment Tonight that the red carpet is "horrifying… for someone who gets a lot of anxiety when people are yelling."
Chappell Roan reacts to being yelled at by photographers on the #VMAs black carpet: "The carpet is horrifying, and I yelled back!" pic.twitter.com/SqUbGdBhnm
"This is quite overwhelming and quite scary," she said. "I yelled back. You don't get to yell at me like that."
Wednesday's event was the first time Roan had attended the VMAs, where she won the Best New Artist award. She performed her song "Good Luck Babe," which helped make the singer an overnight pop sensation earlier this year.
Roan's weekly streams rose from under 3 million to 68.36 million in the first half of the year, Billboard reported in June.
Roan has been vocal about fans overstepping boundaries in recent months.
On August 19, Roan shared two TikTok videos calling out fans for being "creepy" toward her by harassing her in public for pictures, following her around, and stalking her family.
"I don't want whatever the fuck you think you're supposed to be entitled to whenever you see a celebrity," Roan said in the second video. "I don't give a fuck if you think it's selfish of me to say no for a photo or for your time, or for a hug. That's not normal. That's weird."
A week later, Roan also shared a statement on Instagram with a similar message.
A post shared by ･ﾟ: *✧ Chappell Roan ✧*:･ﾟ (@chappellroan)
In an interview for the cover of Rolling Stone published Tuesday, Roan said that many singers, including Billie Eilish, Elton John, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, and Charli XCX, had reached out in private to support her after she spoke out.
Jump to