Chappell Roan has pulled out of a music festival appearance this weekend after being "overwhelmed" by public scrutiny.
The 26-year-old singer, whose real name is Kayleigh Rose Amstutz, was thrown into the spotlight this year after her debut album began to top the charts a year after it was released. While the singer has enjoyed music success, she has struggled with the newfound attention that comes with international fame. 
 In recent weeks, she has hit out at "stalker" fans, clashed with photographers at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards, and been slammed by fans for refusing to back Kamala Harris in the 2024 US presidential elections. This weekend, she was due to be one of the performers at the All Things Go Music Festival in New York and Washington DC. 
She was billed to perform in New York City on Saturday as one of the top performers and was also on the line-up for DC on Sunday alongside headliners Hozier, Reneé Rapp and Conan Gray. But on Friday, she announced she was pulling out of the event.
 She wrote via Instagram Stories: “I apologize to people who have been waiting to see me in NYC & DC this weekend at All Things Go, but I am unable to perform. Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it. I feel pressure to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health. I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible. Thank you for understanding. Be back soon xox.” 
The festival also shared a statement online, writing: "We’re heartbroken to announce that Chappell Roan will no longer be performing at this year’s festivals. While we know how much you were looking forward to the performances, it’s important to remember that health and well-being always come first.
 "All Things Go strongly supports artists prioritizing their well-being and we ask our community to rally around Chappell Roan with love and understanding. Let’s continue to show the world that music fans support not just the art, but the artists themselves." 
Chappell's cancellation came hours after she was forced to clarify her political beliefs after enraging much of her fanbase by refusing to explicitly endorse Democratic politician Kamala Harris. In a fiery video clip, the Good Luck, Babe! singer clapped back at the backlash, saying: “I’m voting for f**king Kamala. But I’m not settling for what has been offered, because that’s questionable.”
 She had previously hinted she is unimpressed with the vision both Kamala and her Republican opponent Donald Trump are offering for the 2024 election. She previously told The Guardian: “I have so many issues with our government in every way. There are so many things that I would want to change. So I don’t feel pressured to endorse someone. There’s problems on both sides. I encourage people to use your critical thinking skills, use your vote – vote small, vote for what’s going on in your city." 
In a recent Rolling Stone interview, Chappell opened up about her mental health battles over the years and her unease with her newfound, if slow burn, fame. She revealed: “I would not have been able to handle any of this even a year ago today. It would’ve just been too much.
“I started gaining a lot of followers when I was being really insane on TikTok... I wasn’t sleeping. I was on the incorrect meds [for bipolar II]. I had the energy and the delusion and realized that this app is fueled off of mental illness. Straight up.”
 Follow Mirror Celebs on   TikTok   ,   Snapchat   ,   Instagram   ,   Twitter   ,   Facebook   ,   YouTube   and   Threads.  
Celeb obsessed? Get a daily dose of showbiz gossip direct to your inbox