The cast is set for the 5th Annual Drag Bingo at the Owensboro Convention Center. The annual fundraiser has become a signature event for New Beginnings Sexual Assault Support Services and the agency recently shared a Save the Date notice on social media.
Here's your first look at the incredible 2025 cast!
MISS OLIVIA KNOWLES
Olivia Knowles was raised in Ironton, Ohio, and started her career entertaining in Huntington, WV in 2005. She now resides in Savannah, GA. She has been in the art form of entertaining for over 20 years. In 2013, Olivia was featured on RuPaul's Drag Race Season 5 Untucked. Later that year, she left the cast of the Stonewall Nightclub in West Virginia to headline her own illusion show with Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines. Olivia served 2 contracts on Royal Caribbean's Adventure and Freedom of the Seas that took her illusion show to over 38 countries worldwide.
Olivia is the current Miss Savannah Pride 2024, a former Miss Gay Ohio United States, Miss Vice Versa, Miss Steel City, Miss Stonewall, and the first ever Miss West Virginia Continental. She's also a former Miss Kentucky Continental, Miss Sweetheart, Miss Independence, Miss Winter Wonderland, Miss Stonewall Pride, Miss New Face and Miss West Virginia Pride.
Olivia was voted West Virginia's #1 Entertainer of the Year four years in a row and has been featured in Chicago’s GRAB magazine. She has also been published in DRAG: The Book. Olivia was also featured in The Queens documentary about the Continental pageantry system. She has worked in more than 90 nightclubs and theaters in the United States and continues to travel the world independently bringing her illusions to stages near you!
STACIE ALEXIS DAVENPORT
Stacie Alexis Davenport (also known as Stacie Da Bodyy) is a Kansas City native who currently lives and performs in Atlanta, GA. She is a former Miss Gay USofA Newcomer (2022) and a former Miss Ultimate Star Newcomer (2022). 
Known for her stunts, voguing ability, and high energy performances, Stacie is no stranger to the stage. She is a graduate of Kansas City Kansas Community College and has done numerous events in ballroom communities across the country. Her motto is “You only fail if you choose not to try.”
P.H. DEE
A Cincinnati-based drag queen, P.H. Dee (she/her) began her career in October 2018. Since then, she has established herself as one of the most in-demand drag performers in the city. Within her first ten months as a performer, she won two pageant titles- Miss Red & White 2019 and Miss Queen City 2019. She also won an Outstanding Newcomer Award with the Imperial Sovereign Queen City Court of the Buckeye Empire. She also won a residency competition at The Cabaret (Over-the-Rhine) in June 2019, which led to a recurring guest and hostess role through December 2020. 
P.H. Dee has produced a variety of recurring shows and pop-ups over the years, and she most recently served as one of the entertainment directors at The Birdcage (Central Business District). There, she emceed karaoke, booked a monthly show, and hosted RuPaul's Drag Race watch parties. In addition to these roles, she also books private events such as birthday parties and wedding receptions, and she makes recurring appearances at a variety of venues throughout the city.
MANNA STETICCC HIGHLAND
Manna Steticcc Highland is your favorite high-energy diva with a split that’ll make you drop your drink! Manna Steticcc Highland is the queen you didn’t know you needed — always on time, always on point, and ready to serve up some serious attitude! This bubbly beauty knows how to command a crowd with her electric charisma, impeccable timing, and dance moves that’ll have you questioning if she’s part gymnast, part superstar. 
Known for her flawless splits and energy that never quits, Manna can turn any stage into a full-on party. You can bet when she walks in, it’s all eyes on her — and she’ll be taking no prisoners! Whether she’s throwing shade or throwing it back, Manna Steticcc Highland, who recently had the chance to open for the incredible Chappell Roan, is here to keep the vibes high, the drinks flowing, and the drama real!  
Come for the sass, stay for the splits — because when Manna’s in the building, it’s about to get wild.
The theme for this year's Drag Bingo is Hollywood Glam!
The event, which will also feature celebrity BINGO callers who will be announced soon, is set for Saturday, June 7th at the Owensboro Convention Center. Naturally, because of the 'Hollywood' theme, there will be red carpet arrivals and incredible photo ops with the queens before the show.
Tickets for Drag Bingo 2025, which is a 21+ event, go on sale to the general public on Thursday, January 2nd at OwensboroTickets.com. Tickets are $62.50 per person or $500 for a table of eight.
Drag Bingo is proudly presented by CherriCare.
All proceeds will benefit New Beginnings Sexual Assault Support Services. New Beginnings offers confidential crisis counseling and long-term therapy services to sexual assault survivors of all ages, as well as their family and friends. In addition, the agency offers a wide array of preventative and informational programs to help men, women, and children rise above sexual victimization.
To learn more about New Beginnings' mission and important work in our community and beyond, CLICK HERE.