Raye performs at Tito's stage at Lollapalooza in Chicago's Grant Park on Aug. 2, 2024. 
CHICAGO — Lollapalooza’s Day 2 opened Friday for a second sold-out day in Grant Park. Headliners for the day were the South Korean boy band Stray Kids and singer-songwriter and R&B artist SZA.
Although early attendance couldn’t rival the opening-day crush for Chappell Roan on Thursday, a crowd had formed by noon at the T-Mobile mainstage, with attendees sitting in the front with portable fans. The sun was out and the heat climbed in the 80s, but at least on Friday the air moved with an occasional breeze.
Across the way at the IHG stage, fans were ready to go for Daniel Seavey’s early set.
Samantha Dodd, 22, said she was excited to see the singer also known for the music group Why Don’t We, but later in the day her favorites were coming out — Reneé Rapp and Stray Kids.
“Stray Kids is the new up-and-coming (K-pop band),” Dodd said. “They’re big. They have everybody and their mom watching them.”
Dodd, from Columbia, Missouri, said she started listening to K-pop when her cousin introduced her to it and last year came to Lollapalooza to see Tomorrow X Together.
David Stalnaker and his wife said they have been attending Lollapalooza for years.
“We went to some of the original ones in the early ’90s, when they were touring companies,” Stalnaker, 59, said. This is their sixth Lollapalooza.
Stalnaker, who’s from St. Louis, said there were a lot more artists he didn’t know this year. Nevertheless, he’s excited to see some newer music like Laufey and Wilderado, as well as some old favorites later this weekend, like Two Door Cinema Club and Sunday headliner Blink-182.
“Typically, somebody will put together a Spotify playlist of all the bands,” Stalnaker said. “I just kind of sit and listen to them and figure out what sounds interesting and go from there. It’s kind of a dip your toe into everything.”
On the north side of the festival, the buzz was all about Stray Kids, with a crowd camped out in front of the Bud Light stage. Daily capacity inside the Lolla fences is 115,000 for 2024, an increase of 15,000 since a contract extension was signed with the city after 2022’s event. A spokesperson for Lollapalooza organizer C3 Presents, a division of Live Nation, confirmed Thursday that all four days for 2024 are officially sold out.
Andi Kessler, 34, said she had been meaning to make the short trip from her home in Northwest Indiana to Lollapalooza for years but Stray Kids’ headlining spot was the push she needed to make the trip.
“The best thing about them is that all their music is produced within the group,” Kessler said. “Which is kind of unique in K-pop — they usually have teams with their company. But they write all their own stuff.”
She’s also excited for IVE, a K-pop girl group performing Saturday.
Kessler pointed out light sticks and photo cards, saying that’s how you can spot the Stray Kids crowd. “People bring them to trade,” she explained about the photo cards, which operate like baseball trading cards. “It’s a really welcoming community and fan group.”
Lollapalooza founder Perry Farrell spoke with the Tribune late Thursday just before Megan Thee Stallion’s headlining concert. He says he still keeps a hand in the festival as a creative voice. “Though not as much as I used to be,” he said. “I dream. I think about how we can utilize what we started.”
Lollapalooza was created in 1991 as a tour for Farrell’s band Jane’s Addiction; it toured annually until 1997, was revived in 2003 and then was recast as a Chicago-only festival in 2005.
Though others chose most of the artist lineup for 2024, “every year I’ve got a few good tasty picks,” he said, including Laufey, performing Friday evening with the Chicago Philharmonic, as well as the Thursday acts Last Dinner Party and Blondshell. (Blondshell recorded a cover of his hit song “Jane Says” “that just warms my heart,” he said.)
Some have asked why Roan wasn’t a day-capping headliner Thursday, but that’s the speed at which music moves now, he said. Roan went from an Olivia Rodrigo opener to Spotify chart-topper in a matter of months. “That happened so fast,” he said. “It’s all because of the internet that that happened so fast.”
It’s all very different than from Jane’s Addiction’s heyday at the start of what came to be called alternative rock. Does it seem as strange to him as it does to other Gen Xers that alternative music is now considered nostalgic music?
It does, he laughs, but the spirit of what was alternative is still alive now. “The term ‘alternative,’ I’m very proud of it,” he said. “My ears prick up when I hear it. It means we’re not asleep.” He says he loves how accepting younger music fans are now, referencing the crowd for Roan. “We’re all so open with each other.”
On Friday afternoon, in a north-side tent shared with two other nonprofits, Our Music My Body — a group dedicated to consent education and sexual harassment prevention at music festivals across the country — handed out free fentanyl test strips, condoms and sanitary products to festival-goers.
“We’re really just making sure that people are consenting at music venues and they’re also feeling safe in music venues,” said volunteer Alexandra Burrell. “We come to Lolla every year.”
Nearby, 67-year-old Chicago resident Sharon Foudray was passing out wristbands for suicide prevention nonprofit Hope for the Day.
Foudray said she has attended Lollapalooza around seven times. Her first time at the festival was back in 1992 in Tinley Park, Illinois, when Lollapalooza was still a traveling tour.
The festival has changed a lot over the years, Foudray said. “It’s better grounds, much more variety in one spot,” she said.
Matt and Stephanie Couch from Houston, Texas, last went to Lollapalooza 11 years ago. They’re back with their three children, ages 7, 11, and 14, and said the fun hasn’t diminished — but the number of rock acts has.
“We grew up in the grunge era, the ’90s, when (Lollapalooza) was a rock festival, and now it’s a lot of alternative, pop, rap,” said Matt Couch, who was wearing a Rolling Stones T-shirt. “It’s different. But more rock bands would be great.”
The festival had something for everyone, the family noted.
Their 14-year-old daughter had pushed up to the barricade the previous night for Megan Thee Stallion, while their 7-year-old daughter had spent the day earning a pin at Kidzapalooza, the family-friendly section of the festival.
The family had struggled, however, with what they called “dangerous” long lines at the festival’s hydration stations, which left attendees waiting extended stretches for water on the humid 82-degree day.
In the half hour before Sexyy Red’s 4:45 p.m. performance, a continuous flow of hundreds of people headed toward the Bud Light Stage, pushing toward the barricades.
Erica Barker, who just moved to Chicago for school, sat on the grass with her three friends as the crowds filed in behind them. She said she expected a “high energy” set from Red with lots of dancing. The 26-year-old rapper from St. Louis has a breakout single last year with “Pound Town” and this year’s “Get It Sexyy” reached Billboard’s top 20.
“There’s been a ton of people who have been waiting for a while,” Valerie Jones-Mohr said.
The annual music festival will take place Aug. 3-6 in Chicago's Grant Park.
De'Wayne performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Erica Banks performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Zoe Wees performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago.
Buffalo Nichols performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Hannah Mee, left, and James Shaw of Hot Milk perform on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Goth Babe performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago.
Festivalgoers are seen on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Erica Banks performs on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
De'Wayne performs on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Zoe Wees performs on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
A person poses for a photo on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Hannah Mee, left, and James Shaw of Hot Milk perform on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Hannah Mee, left, and James Shaw of Hot Milk perform on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Ethan Torchio of Maneskin performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Goth Babe performs on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Goth Babe performs on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
People attend Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
People attend Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
People attend Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Lili Trifilio of Beach Bunny performs on Day 4of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Victoria De Angelis of Maneskin performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Victoria De Angelis of Maneskin performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Victoria De Angelis, left, and Thomas Raggi perform on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Victoria De Angelis, left, and Damiano David performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago.
Victoria De Angelis, left, and Thomas Raggi perform on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago.
Perry Farrell of Porno for Pyros performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Etty Farrell of Porno for Pyros performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Perry Farrell of Porno for Pyros performs on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Perry Farrell of Porno for Pyros performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
The Kid Laroi performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Festivalgoers are seen on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
The Kid Laroi performs on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Tré Cool of Green Day performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Mike Dirnt of Green Day performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Drunk Bunny is seen on stage before Green Day performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago.
Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day performs on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Mike Dirnt of Green Day performs on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago.
Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day performs on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
J-Hope performs on Day 4 of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
J-Hope performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. 
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
She also is a former cafeteria employee of Glenwood High School in Chatham.
Four people were killed when a vehicle drove into a child care facility in the Sangamon County village of Chatham, authorities said. 
A Lee Enterprises investigation found most states fail to protect vulnerable women and few law enforcement agencies punish the owners of the b…
“Some evidence has been developed indicating the possibility of a medical emergency leading to the crash,” ISP Director Brendan Kelly said at …
Gov. JB Pritzker isn't backing down from the fiery sentiments in a high-profile speech that Republican critics say amounted to a call for poli…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.