The new remix appears to sample Fleetwood Mac's 'Dreams'
Charli XCX has teased “one more remix” to round off ‘Brat’ summer.
Following the success of the new remix of ‘Brat’ deluxe edition track ‘Guess’ featuring Billie Eilish – which was co-produced by The Dare and Finneas – the artist took to TikTok to hint at another coming before summer turns to autumn.
“i’m in poland.. there’s a whiff of autumn in the breeze.. something is shifting,” Charli says while walking down the street lip syncing to the song.
The TikTok mentions the audio is an original sound but also references Lindsay Buckingham – indeed, judging from the sound of the song, it appears to sample the Fleetwood Mac hit ‘Dreams’.
Shen then sings some lyrics from ‘360’ over the top: “I’m tectonic, moves, I make ’em
Shock you like defibrillators/No style, I can’t relate/I’ll always be the one, ah/Drop down, yeah/Put the camera flash on/So stylish.”
maybe one more remix and then ?
 ♬ original sound – Lindsey Buckingham 
The forthcoming remix and the ‘Guess’ remix – whose video used 10,000 pairs of pants that were then donated to I Support The Girls – followed the equally successful remix of ‘Girl, so confusing’ featuring Lorde.
The artist’s seventh album ‘Brat’ has been at the centre of its own cultural phenomenon since it was released last month. Its simple lime green artwork became a meme, while fans on social media have embraced the record’s hedonistic aesthetic and attitude. The autobiographical lyrics have also been subject to widespread fascination, particularly related to ‘Sympathy is a Knife’ and ‘Girl, So Confusing’, where Charli acknowledges her anxieties and difficult feelings towards other women in pop.
However, some outlets – including Pitchfork, Dazed, and ANTIART – declared that ‘Brat summer’ was dead after it took a political turn. Charli XCX tweeted “Kamala IS brat”, following Joe Biden endorsing Kamala Harris as his successor in the 2024 US presidential race, leading to political pundits embarrassingly trying and failing to explain the ‘Brat’ phenomenon.
Among the countless ways that her album has taken over the summer is Chappell Roan sharing a selfie holding a CD copy of ‘Brat’, leading fans to believe that she will feature on a forthcoming Charli track, and Charli recently bringing the album’ to Ibiza for a ‘Party Girl’-inspired set at the Boiler Room.
‘Brat’ has been nominated for the Mercury Prize and the winner will be revealed in September.
Charli XCX will be touring the album for her biggest ever UK shows in November with Shygirl in support – you can see the full list of dates below and buy tickets here.
NOVEMBER
27 – Manchester, Co-Op Live
28 – London, The O2
29 – Birmingham, Resorts World Arena
DECEMBER
2 – Glasgow, OVO Hydro 
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.