ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
GEORGE, WA - AUGUST 02:  Joe Diffie performs on stage at the Watershed Music Festival 2014 at The ... More Gorge on August 2, 2014 in George, Washington. A reworking of the late Joe Diffie's “Ships That Don’t Come In,” now featuring Toby Keith and Luke Combs, debuts on a pair of Billboard tallies this week. (Photo by Suzi Pratt/FilmMagic)
Joe Diffie was one of the first major musicians to pass away from COVID-19. The singer-songwriter announced that he had come down with the then-novel virus back in March 2020. Just days later, he tragically died, as the global pandemic was just beginning to take its toll.
Years after his passing, Diffie has scored a new hit. Interestingly, the tune that reaches the Billboard charts for the first time isn’t really brand new, but fans have rediscovered the track, making it a special posthumous win for the beloved country star.
“Ships That Don’t Come In” debuts on a pair of Billboard tallies this week. The cut is credited to Diffie, as well as Luke Combs and the late Toby Keith. The track lands on the charts due to a strong sales performance, with 2,800 copies sold during the latest tracking period, according to Luminate.
Among the two Billboard rankings where “Ships That Don’t Come In” appears, it launches highest on the Country Digital Song Sales chart. On that tally, it comes in at No. 7.
The same tune also makes an appearance on the all-genre Digital Song Sales chart, which is less common for country tracks. “Ships That Don’t Come In” starts its time on the list of the bestselling songs in the U.S. at No. 16.
This track marks Diffie’s fifth top 10 hit on the Country Digital Song Sales chart. While he’s sent two other tunes to this ranking, they didn’t quite reach the top 10. “Ships That Don’t Come In” also becomes just the fifth song of his career to land on the all-genre Digital Song Sales roster.
Diffie, Combs, and Keith secure the only debut on this week’s list of the top-selling country songs in the U.S. They also claim the highest new entry on the Digital Song Sales chart, though they’re not the only fresh face. Chappell Roan’s “Hot To Go!” debuts at No. 24.
“Ships That Don’t Come In” was originally released in 1992 as a solo effort by Diffie and became a hit in the country world, peaking at No. 5 on the Hot Country Songs chart. While the remake featuring Keith and Combs hasn’t yet landed on that tally, it may have a shot at reaching it in the coming weeks. The remake is featured on Hardy’s Hixtape, Vol.3:DIFFTAPE, a compilation of Diffie’s biggest hits, covered by fellow country superstars. That set arrived this spring, and is still churning out successful tunes to this day.