On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking about Cyrus revisiting her Hannah Montana beginnings at D23 fan event.

	Who says you can’t go home? On Sunday night, Miley Cyrus revisited her teenage origin story, heading to D23 in Anaheim, California, for the Disney Legends Ceremony.

	Cyrus started her run in the title role on Disney Channel’s Hannah Montana when she was just 13 years old, and at age 31, she gave a tear-filled speech about what her early Disney days meant to her. She was even introduced by country star Lainey Wilson, who performed the show’s theme song “Best of Both Worlds” with a full band and spoke about her own early days as a Hannah Montana impersonator.

	










	On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking all about the sweet full-circle moment.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Also on the show, we’ve got chart news on the Taylor Swift vs. Ye fight for No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart. Plus, Chappell Roan hits new highs yet again on both the Billboard 200 and Billboard Hot 100 songs chart, Charli XCX lands her highest-charting song on the Hot 100 in 10 years with the debut of “Guess” thanks to a new remix with Billie Eilish, and *NSYNC’s “Bye Bye Bye” re-enters the Hot 100 after more than 24 years after its revival in Deadpool & Wolverine.

	Plus: We discuss Celine Dion calling out Donald Trump for using her Titanic hit “My Heart Will Go On” at a Montana rally, as well as Swift fans finding a silver lining in the cancellation of her three dates scheduled for Vienna, last week due to an alleged planned attack, gathering and bonding throughout the Austrian capital.

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.