Zach Bryan performs at Festival d'ete de Quebec, Sunday, July 9, 2023, at Plains of Abraham in Quebec City.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Zach Bryan’s “The Quittin’ Time Tour” is coming to Philadelphia’s Lincoln Financial Field on Tuesday, August 6 and Wednesday, August 7 for two back-to-back sold-out shows. Both concerts start at 7:00 p.m., with special guests Turnpike Troubadours and Levi Turner opening.
The Navy veteran and Oklahoma native is touring his 2023 self-titled fourth studio album, which debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200. Track 11 on the album “I Remember Everything,” featuring Kacey Musgraves, went on to win a Grammy for Best Country Duo/Group Performance. 
Bryan also recently released his fifth studio album, “The Great American Bar Scene,” on July 4, reaching number two on the US Billboard 200.
A complete list of Bryan’s tour dates is available here.
Tickets to Bryan’s Philadelphia shows are completely sold out, but fans can still secure tickets on secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
Here’s a look at the best resale ticket prices available:
Tuesday, August 6
Wednesday, August 7
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
For a limited time, take $5 off your order of $300+ on SeatGeek with the code TAKE5.
Can’t get enough live music? Zach Bryan isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Sabrina Carpenter, Childish Gambino, Taylor Swift, Chappell Roan and Imagine Dragons.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices