Elton John is recovering from a recent health scare, which left him with “limited vision” in one of his eyes, according to FOX news.
The “Tiny Dancer” singer posted a message to his Instagram followers on Tuesday, sharing that he contracted a “severe eye infection” over the summer and is facing a long road to recovery.
“Over the summer, I’ve been dealing with a severe eye infection that has unfortunately left me with only limited vision in one eye,” he shared on social media. “I am healing, but it’s an extremely slow process and it will take some time before sight returns to the impacted eye.”
He went on to thank his “excellent team” of medical staff, as well as his family, for taking care of him “over the last several weeks.” 
“I have been quietly spending the summer recuperating at home, and am feeling positive about the progress I have made in my healing and recovery thus far,” he added, before signing off “with love and gratitude, Elton John.”
Many famous faces took to the comments section to offer their support for the legendary musician. Food Network star Sandra Lee wrote, “Feel better soon always sending love your way you wonderful, wonderful man. Take care of you. You’ll be back in a flash.” Model Linda Evangelista commented, “sending you love and wishing you a speedy recovery” with heart emojis.
Pop star Chappell Roan wrote, “We love you,” adding an emoji of a heart with a bandage on it, and Carnie Wilson wrote, “Get well soon Sir Elton. Daddy and I were watching your concert together yesterday. He was loving Bennie And The Jets.”
Despite his limited eyesight, John is expected to appear on the red carpet at the premiere of his documentary, “Elton John: Never Too Late,” at the Toronto International Film Festival, later this week.
The documentary, which is set to premiere on Disney+ in December, will follow John as he looks back on his career spanning over five decades, and will also feature a new song.
“As he prepares for his final concert in North America at Dodger Stadium, Elton takes us back in time to recount the extraordinary highs and heartbreaking lows of his early years and how he overcame adversity, abuse and addiction to become the icon he is today,” a press release from Disney said.
John announced the release date of the documentary to his fans in August 2024, calling the experience of making it “a special journey through the memories, music, and moments that have shaped my life.”
“Over the summer, I’ve been dealing with a severe eye infection that has unfortunately left me with only limited vision in one eye. I am healing, but it’s an extremely slow process and it will take some time before sight returns to the impacted eye.”
— Elton John
Wildlife lovers can take a trip back in time and visit London Zoo as it was in 1904 this spring,...
Submit guest post/Letters to the Editor:
 editor (at) finchannel.com
 Sales & Marketing: (+995 558) 03 03 03 Email: marketing (at) finchannel.com
 Whatsup: (+995 599) 96 52 52
Georgia: 
(+995 599) 96 52 52 Email: editor (@) finchannel.com 
Postal address: 17 Mtskheta str. Tbilisi, Georgia 0179 The FINANCIAL
© 2025 Intelligence Group llc
Login to your account below


Remember Me

Please enter your username or email address to reset your password.

- Select Visibility -PublicPrivate