Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Five months after debuting on the Saturday Night Live stage, Chappell Roan’s country club song “The Giver” is finally out in the world. The Best New Artist Grammy winner released the track at midnight, unleashing a campy lesbian anthem that’ll make you want to line dance. 
In the song’s refrain, Roan sings, “I get the job done,” and what she’s singing about is no mystery. “All you country boys saying you know how to threat a woman right,” she says playfully, “well, only a woman knows how to treat a woman right. She gets the job done.”
Roan discussed the track on the Country Heat Weekly podcast this week. “Well, and I can’t call myself the Midwest princess and not acknowledge country music straight up,” she said. “That is what is around me in the grocery stores. That’s what is playing on the bus…I know that my heart really wanted to write a country song, and I’m trying to really articulate that it’s not me trying to cross genres and be like, ‘hey, you know, look at me.’ I’m not trying to convince a country crowd that they should listen to my music by baiting them with a country song. That’s not what I feel like I’m doing. I just think a lesbian country song is really funny, so I wrote that.”
On a similar note, she told Apple Music about how country and pop music shaped her upbringing. “I'm from southwest Missouri, grew up on Christian and country, and then found ‘Alejandro’ by Lady Gaga and I was like, ‘I think I like this, too.’ So, I have kept country in my heart,” she said, according to a clip shared on E! News. She added that it’s now “so incredibly nostalgic to drive in West Hollywood and [play] Jason Aldean or Alan Jackson’s ‘Chattahoochee.’”
Big & Rich’s “Save a Horse (Ride a Cowboy)” was a big inspiration for “The Giver” too. “I was like, ‘I want to feel that way on stage. I want to feel that,’” Roan explained. “Because that's how I write. I'm like, ‘How do I want to walk around on stage and sing?’ And I was like, ‘I want to write that song, but Chappell's version.’”
But the singer clarified she’s not switching to country for good. “I really just did it for fun. I'm not switching genres or anything,” she said. But also, “It’s not no forever.”
Roan first performed “The Giver” during her November 2024 set on SNL. She took to the stage with her all-female band wearing a denim and gingham print top and shorts with cowboy boots, as well as her signature drag-inspired makeup look. Her red wig for the night was threaded with a silver curl, conjuring visions of country star Bonnie Raitt.
Since that performance, “The Giver” remained unreleased, but in recent weeks, Roan installed billboards advertising the new track, featuring a phone number that leads fans to a snippet of the song. She also showed herself donning various costumes and personas, from a lawyer to a construction worker, on social media. 
Now, fans can finally hear the song in full. Listen to “The Giver” and read the full lyrics below.
Here are the full lyrics:
Leading up to her SNL appearance, Roan insinuated a new album is on the way. The star posted a photo of herself with the LP jacket of The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, writing in the caption, “Album kinda popped off imo but it is time to welcome a hot new bombshell into the villa.” 
In an interview with the New York Times, her producer and co-writer, Dan Nigro, described one of the new tracks they’ve been working on as a “fun, up-tempo country song” with “a fiddle,” saying it would offer “a new version of Chappell.”
Seems like she’s here and getting the job done.
This story has been updated.
All of Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Looks
Read Selena Gomez’s Suggestive ‘Talk’ Lyrics
Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Is a Family Affair
Benny Blanco Is the World’s Greatest Fiancé
The Best New Songs We Heard Last Month
Meet Your Favorite Artists’ Favorite Collaborators
Coco Jones on Her Debut Album
Everything to Know About Lorde’s New Album 
See Beyoncé's Full Cowboy Carter Tour Setlist
How to Get Tickets to Beyoncé's Cowboy Carter Tour
Blue Ivy Joins Beyoncé on the Cowboy Carter Tour
Samara Joy Is Redefining Jazz Music
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.