By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:55, 13 April 2024   |  Updated:  10:24, 13 April 2024   
 33
View  comments
Heidi Klum put on a radiant display in an eye-catching ensemble while Lala Kent and Scheana Shay glammed up as star-studded, weekend one of Coachella kicked off on Friday.
The German-American supermodel, 50 - who recently dressed to impress at the Fashion Trust Awards in L.A. - joined other celebrities during the music festival, such as Vanderpump Rules stars Lala Kent, 33, and Scheana Shay, 38.
Weekend one of the Coachella Music and Arts Festival began on April 12 in Indio, California and will end on Sunday April 14 - with artists including Lana Del Rey, Doja Cat and No Doubt headlining the festivities.
Klum flaunted her toned frame in a fitted, sheer green dress that contained bunched fabric on the front near the hem, as well as a longer strip of material in the back. 
The America's Got Talent judge additionally slipped into a pair of black boots and added a charcoal-colored cowgirl hat on top of her blonde locks that flowed down naturally past her shoulders. 
Heidi Klum, 50, put on a radiant display in an eye-catching ensemble while Lala Kent, 33, and Scheana Shay, 38, glammed up as star-studded weekend one of Coachella kicked off on Friday
The German-American supermodel joined other celebrities during the music festival, such as Vanderpump Rules stars Lala Kent and Scheana Shay
Heidi accessorized her colorful outfit with an assortment of necklaces as well as a pair of flashy, gold earrings. 
She also sported a pair of black shades to protect her eyes from the bright sunshine while strolling through the crowded festival grounds. 
A small, black purse was placed over her shoulder to hold a few items she needed during the fun outing. 
Klum took to her Instagram stories to share a selfie video of herself as she showed off her outfit. 
She could be seen holding a refreshing drink in her hand and also gave her fans a view of the spacious grounds, as well as the Ferris wheel close by in the distance. 
Towards the end, the star flashed a cheerful smile while slowly making her way across the grass. 
In another reel, the blonde bombshell filmed herself as she was seemingly joined by her teenage daughter, Lou, 14 - whom she shares with ex, Seal. 
The pair strolled next to each other and glanced up while puckering their lips towards the smartphone which was in Klum's hand. 
Klum flaunted her toned frame in a fitted, sheer green dress that contained bunched fabric on the front near the hem, as well as a longer strip of material in the back
Heidi accessorized her colorful outfit with an assortment of necklaces as well as a pair of flashy, gold earrings
She also sported a pair of black shades to protect her eyes from the bright sunshine while strolling through the crowded festival grounds
In another reel, the blonde bombshell filmed herself as she was seemingly joined by her teenage daughter, Lou, 14 - whom she shares with ex, Seal
The pair strolled next to each other and glanced up while puckering their lips towards the smartphone which was in Klum's hand
The star also took to her main Instagram page to share a snap as she posed with Lou as well as friend and previous Making The Cut winner, Yannik Zamboni
The star also took to her main Instagram page to share a snap as she posed with Lou as well as friend and previous Making The Cut winner, Yannik Zamboni. 
In the caption, the supermodel simply penned to her 12 million fans and followers, 'COACHELLA 2024,' followed by various emojis, such as a palm tree and a red bikini. 
She also gave her fans a glimpse of a performance by Sabrina Carpenter as she stood close to the front of one of the stages.  
Lala Kent - who announced last month in March that she is expecting her second child - uploaded a photo onto her main Instagram page on Friday. 
The beauty put on a leggy display wearing a dazzling minidress that showcased her growing baby bump. 
The outfit was held up with thin straps that wrapped around her shoulders and the TV personality also slipped into a pair of comfy, black ankle boots. 
A stylish, black hat partially covered her blonde locks, and the star donned a pair of flashy, silver earrings as well as dainty bracelets on her right wrist. 
Her Vanderpump Rules co-star, Scheana Shay, embraced her love of denim in a pair of light blue jeans as well as a cropped, denim top that had sparkling details on the front. 
She opted for white sneakers that had chunky soles on the bottom, and styled her hair into one, long braid. 
She also gave her fans a glimpse of a performance as she stood close to the front of one of the stages
A large crowd could be seen standing around the stage as the star quickly filmed herself 
Klum took to her Instagram stories to share a selfie video of herself as she showed off her outfit
Another clip showed Klum walking along the grass amongst the crowd as she headed towards one of the stages 
During the reel, the star better showcased her sheer ensemble while standing under the warm sun
One of the stages could be seen in the distance as well as other attendees on the festival grounds
Lala Kent put on a leggy display wearing a dazzling minidress that showcased her growing baby bump
The outfit was held up with thin straps that wrapped around her shoulders and the TV personality also slipped into a pair of comfy, black ankle boots
For a fun flare, Scheana also added rhinestones around her eyes to glam up her outfit before heading to the festival. 
The pair were also joined by two of their close friends, Elaine Ratner and Jenna Willis.  
She also took to her Instagram stories where she was filmed showcasing her outfit by modeling the look for the camera. 
In a separate video, Shay was joined by Kent and Elaine as they danced and flaunted some groovy moves to Beyonce's track, Texas Hold 'Em. 
Earlier in the day, Shay struck a pose outdoors while wearing a pair of fitted, blue shorts as well as a matching, cropped sweater. 
She was promoting a Smirnoff popup event at Coachella and wrote, '#ad Join me today with @Smirnoff ICE. It's gonna get ICY…you'll also have a chance to win this ICE Bucket Hat designed by @suetsai!' 
A swimming pool could be seen directly behind her, as well as the clear blue sky and green palm trees. 
Hailey Bieber also ventured out to Coachella Valley and flaunted her toned legs in a pair of white shorts as well as a short-sleeved, green jersey shirt. 
Her Vanderpump Rules co-star, Scheana Shay, embraced her love of denim in a pair of light blue jeans as well as a cropped, denim top that had sparkling details on the front
For a fun flare, Scheana also added rhinestones around her eyes to glam up her outfit before heading to the festival
In a separate video, Shay was joined by Kent and Elaine as they danced and flaunted some groovy moves to Beyonce's track, Texas Hold 'Em
Earlier in the day, Shay struck a pose outdoors while wearing a pair of fitted, blue shorts as well as a matching, cropped sweater
Hailey Bieber also ventured out to Coachella Valley and flaunted her toned legs in a pair of white shorts as well as a short-sleeved, green jersey shirt
The model also wore a pair of white socks and sleek, black loafers. Her hair was parted in the middle, and combed back into a tight up do
The model also wore a pair of white socks and sleek, black loafers. Her hair was parted in the middle, and combed back into a tight up do. 
A pair of gold earrings as well as a watch and rings accessorized her ensemble for day one of Coachella. The wife of Justin Bieber also sported fashionable, oval-shaped sunglasses for a finishing touch. 
Hailey posed for a quick mirror selfie and added two, white heart emojis over her green top. 
The beauty promoted her Rhode photo booth at the festival, and typed, 'Take some pics. Get a lip treat. @rhode.' 
She also snapped a picture inside and was joined by her 'girls' Sandra Shehab and Kelia Moniz Termini. 
Gwen Stefani - who is reuniting with her band No Doubt during the Coachella Music Festival - also documented her time during the festivities on Friday. 
The songstress shared a short clip to her Instagram stories as she filmed herself in a vehicle while wearing a colorful, plaid outfit as well as black, fishnet tights. 
Her platinum blonde locks were styled into a braid and she opted to wear a bold, red tint to her lips. 
The beauty promoted her Rhode photo booth at the festival, and typed, 'Take some pics. Get a lip treat. @rhode'
She also snapped a picture inside and was joined by her 'girls' Sandra Shehab and Kelia Moniz Termini
Hailey later reposted a clip of herself and Kelia grabbing a yummy ice cream together 
Gwen Stefani - who is reuniting with her band No Doubt during the Coachella Music Festival - also documented her time during the festivities on Friday
Her platinum blonde locks were styled into a braid and she opted to wear a bold, red tint to her lips
In another clip, she filmed the desert landscape and clear blue sky while the track, Hella Good by No Doubt, played in the background
Stefani also showed her followers an extravagant, floral bouquet that was gifted to her in a vase from husband, Blake Shelton
She opened a card that read, 'Good luck & Have Fun! I Love You, Blake'
As she filmed the flowers, Gwen said, 'Just saying, like, I don't think I can believe that Blake bought me these'
The beauty also added an assortment of necklaces and bracelets, as well as dainty earrings to further glam up her look. 
In another clip, she filmed the desert landscape and clear blue sky while the track, Hella Good by No Doubt, played in the background. 
Stefani also showed her followers an extravagant, floral bouquet that was gifted to her in a vase from husband, Blake Shelton. She opened a card that read, 'Good luck & Have Fun! I Love You, Blake.' 
As she filmed the flowers, Gwen said, 'Just saying, like, I don't think I can believe that Blake bought me these.' In text added over the video, she wrote, 'Thank you husband!!! @blakeshelton. #Coachella!!!!!' 
Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star, Kyle Richards, also whisked herself away to attend Coachella and to enjoy the warm, desert weather. 
She uploaded a selfie to her Instagram stories as she sported a black swimsuit while laying out by a swimming pool.   
Palm trees swayed behind her in a cool breeze, and the reality star donned a black hat with 'Karma' printed on the front. Richards also added gold jewelry and a pair of brown shades to complete her pool day ensemble. 
The TV personality also shared a snippet of windmills while driving through Palm Springs. 
Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star, Kyle Richards, also whisked herself away to attend Coachella and to enjoy the warm, desert weather
The TV personality also shared a snippet of windmills while driving through Palm Springs
She also gave her fans a look at a quiet streets that was bordered by green grass and shady trees
She also gave her fans a look at a quiet streets that was bordered by green grass and shady trees. The blue sky stretched out above her as she headed to her next destination. 
Paris Hilton reflected on some of her favorite outfits that she had worn to Coachella in the past. 
One picture showed the star wearing a flowy, white cutout dress while standing in front of the scenic Ferris wheel in the desert. 
In another snap, she wore the same outfit and flaunted over-the-knee, tan boots she paired with the lace dress. 
Hilton turned heads in a neon yellow dress that also contained various cutouts around the bodice. 
Paris also had donned a figure-hugging, orange ensemble that had sheer, black details as well as a leather piece around the upper portion. 
Other looks include a sultry, hot pink outfit that showed off her toned frame as well as a pastel pink ensemble that she sported with her adorable dog cradled close to her face. 
In the caption, the mother-of-two wrote, 'Here are some of my fave looks! Which look is your favorite?'
One picture showed the star wearing a flowy, white cutout dress while standing in front of the scenic Ferris wheel in the desert
In another snap, she wore the same outfit and flaunted over-the-knee, tan boots she paired with the lace dress
Hilton turned heads in a neon yellow dress that also contained various cutouts around the bodice
Paris also had donned a figure-hugging, orange ensemble that had sheer, black details as well as a leather piece around the upper portion
Other looks include a sultry, hot pink outfit that showed off her toned frame as well as a pastel pink ensemble that she sported with her adorable dog cradled close to her face
She also had donned a black, patterned-dress that had a bit of color contrast compared to her other various, vibrant looks 
In the caption, the mother-of-two wrote, 'Here are some of my fave looks! Which look is your favorite?'
Emma Roberts showed off her spring style in a red and white-checkered dress that had off-the-shoulder straps. 
A black purse from MCM was placed over her shoulder to hold items she needed during the busy day at the festival. 
Here blonde locks were parted in the middle, and effortlessly flowed down past her shoulders in light waves. The Scream Queens alum also donned stylish shades to complete her eye-catching look. 
'Let the Festival games begin! @mcmworldwide,' she penned in the caption of the post. She uploaded another image of her outfit on her stories and excitedly typed, 'let's go!' 
Victoria Justice also stopped by the festival, and shared a snap as she posed for a mirror selfie with close friend, Madison Grace. 
The former Nickelodeon actress wore a fitted, black and gold-colored minidress as well as a pair of black, knee-high boots. 
Her brunette hair was parted in the middle and cascaded down past her shoulders, while a pair of black sunglasses completed the outfit. 'Day 1, let's gooooo! @themadgrace,' the star penned. 
Megan Fox also had a blast during day one of Coachella and proudly flaunted her long, blue locks in two Instagram posts. 
Emma Roberts showed off her spring style in a red and white-checkered dress that had off-the-shoulder straps
A black purse from MCM was placed over her shoulder to hold items she needed during the busy day at the festival
Victoria Justice also stopped by the festival, and shared a snap as she posed for a mirror selfie with close friend, Madison Grace
The Jennifer's Body actress wore a fitted, white tank top which was tucked into the waist of denim shorts
She layered the ensemble with a black, leather jacket and added a tan, cowgirl hat on top of her blue locks which flowed down in light waves past her shoulders
To complete her outfit for the outing, Fox slipped into a pair of over-the-knee, black boots
The Jennifer's Body actress wore a fitted, white tank top which was tucked into the waist of denim shorts. 
She layered the ensemble with a black, leather jacket and added a tan, cowgirl hat on top of her blue locks which flowed down in light waves past her shoulders. 
To complete her outfit for the outing, Fox slipped into a pair of over-the-knee, black boots. 
Along with showing off her look, Megan additionally included a clip of herself riding in a cart while being filmed by a close pal. 
In the caption, the star penned to her 21.8 million followers, 'Summertime Sadness,' referencing to the title of one of Lana Del Rey's hit tracks.  
In another post, the beauty also uploaded a reel as she struck a variety of poses outside. 
A gentle breeze blew the strands of her hair away from her face as she stood in front of a large, green bush. 
Throughout the course of the clip, the song Doin' Time by Lana Del Rey played in the background. 
In the caption, the star penned to her 21.8 million followers, 'Summertime Sadness,' referencing to the title of one of Lana Del Rey's hit tracks
In another post, the beauty also uploaded a reel as she struck a variety of poses outside
A gentle breeze blew the strands of her hair away from her face as she stood in front of a large, green bush
Throughout the course of the clip, the song Doin' Time by Lana Del Rey, played in the background
Simu Liu also took to his Instagram stories as he stopped by the festival and took a photo inside one of the food tents. 'Find us at coachella @eat.milla,' he wrote
He additionally uploaded a photo of the Ferris wheel that was brightly lit up once the sun had set
Lastly, Simu took a photo of a street to show the rocky mountains in the far distance, as well as the clear blue sky and various palm trees
Jeff Bezos and Lauren Sanchez were seen preoccupied on their phones after watching Lana Del Rey at the festival
The pair were joined by Kris Jenner's long term partner Corey Gamble
Simu Liu also took to his Instagram stories as he stopped by the festival and took a photo inside one of the food tents. 'Find us at coachella @eat.milla,' he wrote. 
The Barbie actor wore a plain, white tank top to help him stay cool in the warmer, desert temperatures as well as a pair of black pants. 
He additionally uploaded a photo of the Ferris wheel that was brightly lit up once the sun had set. 
Lastly, Simu took a photo of a street to show the rocky mountains in the far distance, as well as the clear blue sky and various palm trees.  
Coachella Stage                                                          Outdoor Theater 
3:40pm - Record Safari                                   4:15pm - Fundido 
4:45pm - Young Miko                                       5:25pm - L’Impératrice
6:00pm - Sabrina Carpenter                        6:45pm - Deftones 
7:35pm -  Lil Uzi Vert                                         8:10pm - Everything Always 
9:05pm - Peso Pluma                                       10:15pm - Justice
11:20pm - Lana del Rey                                    
Sonora                                                                                Gobi 
1:00pm - doom dave                                      2:00pm - Cimafunk 
2:00pm - Upchuck                                          3:10pm - Kokoroko 
2:50pm - Narrow Head                                  4:20pm - Sid Sriram 
3:50pm - late night drive home                  5:20pm - Chappell Roan 
4:50pm - The Beths                                         6:45pm - Brittany Howard 
5:55pm - Eartheater                                        8:00pm - Neil Francis 
8:00pm - Black Country, New Road         9:15pm - Chloe Bailey 
9:05pm - Clown Core                                    10:30pm- Suki Waterhouse 
10:20pm - Son Rompe Pera 
Mojave                                                                           Sahara 
2:10pm - DAYSonMARKET                              2:00pm - Sincerely, Manolo 
3:15pm - Mall Grab                                            3:00pm - Skin on Skin 
4:30pm - The Japanese House                    4:00pm - Cloonee
5:40pm - Faye Webster                                   5:20pm - Ken Carson 
6:55pm - Tinashe                                               6:30pm - Skepta 
8:20pm - Yoasobi                                               7:45pm - Bizarrap 
9:50pm - Hatsune Miku                                   9:15pm - Peggy Gou 
11:15pm - Anti Up                                                10:45pm - ATEEZ 
                                                                                 12:00am - Steve Angello 
Yuma                                                                                Quasar 
1:00pm - Keyspan                                              5:00pm - Patrick Mason 
2:00pm - Ben Sterling                                      7:15pm - Green Velvet          
3:00pm - Miss Monique                                   8:30pm - Honey Dijon 
4:15pm - Innellea                                                9:45pm - Honey Dijon x Green Velvet
5:30pm - BLOND:ISH
6:45pm - Kevin de Vries x Kolsch 
8:15pm - ANOTR 
9:45pm - Adriatique 
11:15pm - Gorgon City  
Coachella Stage                                                            Outdoor Theater 
3:45pm - Jaqck Glam                                          4:05pm - Gabe Real 
4:45pm - Santa Fe Klan                                      5:00pm - Vampire Weekend 
6:05pm - Sublime                                                6:10pm - Blxst 
7:40pm - Blur                                                         7:25pm - Jon Batiste 
9:25pm - No Doubt                                             8:40pm - JUNGLE 
11:40pm - Tyler, the Creator                            10:40pm - Gesaffelstein 
Sonora                                                                                  Gobi 
 1:00pm - Triste Juventurd x TOTEM             1:15pm - Elusive
2:00pm - Militarie Gun                                      2:05pm - Erika de Casier 
2:55pm - Girl Ultra                                               3:10pm - Young Fathers 
3:55pm - The Aquabats                                     4:20pm - thuy 
5:05pm - The Adicts                                           5:30pm - The Last Dinner Party 
6:15pm - Depresion Sonora                             6:45pm - Palace 
7:15pm - The Red Pears                                      8:00pm - Oneohtriz Point Never 
8:15pm - bar italia                                                9:15pm - Saint Levant 
9:15pm - Brutalismus 3000                             10:25pm - Kevin Kaarl 
                                                                                    11:20pm - Orbital 
 Mojave                                                                                Sahara 
2:00pm - ANIKA KAI                                           2:00pm - Loboman 
3:05pm - Kenya Grace                                       3:10pm - Starrza 
4:10pm - RAYE                                                      4:30pm - Destroy Lonely 
5:25pm - Kevin Abstract                                   5:40pm - Purple Disco Machine
6:50pm - Bleachers                                            7:10pm - Grimes 
8:05pm - Charlotte de Witte                           8:30pm - Ice Spice 
9:50pm - Coi Leray                                             9:30pm - ISOKNOCK 
10:45pm - The Drums                                        10:50pm - LE SSERAFIM 
                                                                                  11:55pm - Dom Dolla 
Yuma                                                                                    Quasar 
1:00pm - Kimonos                                              5:00pm - Carlita 
2:00pm - Maz                                                       7:15pm - Michael Bibi 
3:00pm - Mahmut Orhan
4:15pm - Rebuke 
5:30pm - Will Clarke 
6:45pm - Ame x Marcel Dettmann
8:00pm - Reinier Zonneveld 
9:30pm - Patrick Mason 
11:00pm - The Blessed Madonna 
No Doubt is set to reunite on the Coachella Stage on Saturday, April 11; seen above in 2015 in L.A. 
Coachella Stage                                                            Outdoor Theater 
2:50pm - LUDMILLA                                                 3:55pm - Tiffany Tyson 
4:05pm - YG Marley                                                 5:05pm - Renee Rapp 
5:25pm - Carin Leon                                                 6:25pm - The Rose 
6:50pm - Bebe Rexha                                              7:50pm - Khruangbin 
8:20pm - J Balvin                                                       9:30pm - Jhene Aiko 
10:25pm - Doja Cat 
Sonora                                                                               Gobi
1:00pm - Argenis                                                       2:15pm - waveGroove 
1:55pm - jiuujiuu                                                        3:30pm - Mdou Moctar 
3:00pm - Bb Trickz                                                  4:40pm - Jockstrap 
3:55pm - feeble little horse                                  5:50pm - Olivia Dean 
4:50pm - Hermanos Gutierrez                            7:00pm - Two Shell 
6:05pm - Eddie Zuko                                              8:20pm - Barry Can't Swim  
7:05pm - LATIN MAFIA                                          9:40pm - ATARASHI GAKKO!
8:15pm - Mandy, Indiana 
9:20pm - Boy Harsher  
Mojave                                                                                    Sahara 
2:00pm - Honey Roots                                           2:00pm - Bones 
3:00pm - FLO                                                            3:00pm - Tita Lau 
4:10pm - Taking Back Sunday                             4:00pm - SPINALL
5:20pm - 88RISING FUTURES                             5:10pm - AP Dhillon 
6:55pm - Victoria Monet                                       6:20pm - NAV 
8:10pm - Tems                                                          7:45pm - Anyma
9:25pm - Lil Yachty                                                 9:15pm - DJ Snake 
10:40pm - BICEP                                                     10:55pm - John Summit
 Yuma                                                                                      Quasar 
1:00pm - JOPLYN                                                  4:00pm - Mall Grab 
2:00pm - DJ Seinfeld                         6:15pm - Jamie XX x Floating Points x Daphni
3:00pm - Flight Facilities                                                     
4:30pm - Eli & Fur 
6:00pm - Adam Ten x Mita Gami 
7:30pm - Carlita 
9:00pm - Folamour 
10:30pm - ARTBAT  
Doja Cat is slated to perform on the Coachella Stage on Sunday, April 12; seen in 2023 in San Francisco 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group