Third time’s a charm: Your favorite artist’s favorite artist, Chappell Roan, posted another TikTok video to her account Wednesday and declared, “Yeah, I’m voting for fucking Kamala [Harris].”
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
The musician’s exasperated admission comes after yet more criticism of recent comments she made about the 2024 election and not feeling “pressured to endorse someone.” In a TikTok posted late Tuesday night, Roan attempted to clarify her statements, telling audiences, “I’m sorry that you fell for the clickbait,” and saying outright, “No, I’m not voting for [Donald] Trump.”
Her response to the initial backlash was met with—you guessed it—more backlash.
“I just woke up to people just skewing it even more,” she began Wednesday’s video, rubbing her eyes. She captioned the post, “Im done talking about it. If you dont get what im saying from this, its a lost cause. And im not forcing you to agree with me. This is my statement. Have a good day.”
Before sharing in the Wednesday video that she will cast her vote for Harris, Roan continued, “Endorsing and voting are completely different. I don’t agree with a lot of what is going on with policies. Obviously, fuck the policies of the right, but also, fuck some of the policies on the left. That’s why I can’t endorse.”
“Fuck Trump for fucking real, but fuck some of the shit that has gone down in the Democratic Party that has failed people like me and you,” she said. “And more so Palestine. And more so every marginalized community in the world. So no, I’m not going to settle for what options are in front of me and you’re not going to make me feel bad for that.”
Roan has said that she declined an invitation from President Joe Biden’s administration to perform at the White House, though she’d initially considered reading poetry by Palestinian women instead of singing one of her own songs as an act of protest.
In the Tuesday video where she first tried to clarify her statements about not endorsing a candidate, Roan read back an excerpt from that original interview, characterizing the ensuing coverage as taking the quotes “completely out of context, per usual.” She reminded viewers that “it’s important to use critical thinking,” referring both to voting and media literacy.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
“If you come to my shows, if you read my full interviews, if you literally know anything about me and what I stand for, you know that this is not lip service, this is not virtue signaling,” she said. “That my actions have always paved the way for my project and the people who really know me. Actions speak louder than words, and actions speak louder than an endorsement.”
Roan, whose single “Femininomenon” soundtracked a widely circulated TikTok video posted by Harris’s presidential campaign just days into Harris’s candidacy, has been outspoken about her support of rights for the LGBTQ+ community, especially transgender people. Earlier this month, Roan dedicated her acceptance speech for Best New Artist at the MTV VMAs to the community.
“I dedicate this to all the drag artists who inspired me,” she said from the stage after thanking her family and friends. “And I dedicate this to queer and trans people that fuel pop all around.”
In her TikTok Tuesday, Roan said she wants “to be a part of the generation that changes things for good, because we need it.”
And, she said, her lack of endorsement and past statements that she has Republican loved ones, on top of her contentious interview's key pullquote that “there’s problems on both sides” does not mean she’s a secret Trump supporter.
“Hear it from my mouth: If you’re still wondering, no, I’m not voting for Trump,” she said in the Tuesday video, at the time stopping short of explicitly saying that she would cast a vote for Harris. “And yes, I will always question those in power and those making decisions over other people, and I will stand up for what I believe in, and that’s always at the forefront of my project, and I’m sorry that you fell for the clickbait.”
On Wednesday, she concluded her video with clear frustration at how her comments had been characterized.
“This is not me playing both sides. This is me questioning both sides, because this is what we have in front of us. So if you look at my statement and you’re still like, ‘She’s just playing both sides, she doesn’t wanna’–no, you’re not getting it. I’m critiquing both sides because they’re both so fucked up. Voting is all we have right now in this system, so I encourage it yet again, vote for who in your mind is the best option for what we have right now, because it’s all we can do.
“And I hope this makes it clear that no, I’m not picking the sides of what we have right now. Yes, one’s obviously better than the other. But Jesus fucking Christ, I hope you don’t settle for what we have and put your name behind someone that you don’t fully, fully trust, because of their blatant actions.”
Representatives for Chappell Roan did not respond to Vanity Fair’s requests for comment.
This post has been updated with Roan’s September 25 response.
How Miriam Adelson Went From Big MAGA Winner to Casino Loser in Trump’s First 100 Days
The Truth Underlying Pete Hegseth’s Job Security
“It’s About Him”: How Trump Is Perverting the Presidential Photo Stream
Inside the Case of Kim Kardashian’s Paris Robbery
How Sebastian Stan Became Hollywood’s Most Daring Shape-Shifter
The Ballad of Bill Belichick and Jordon Hudson
Juilliard Is Going Tuition-Free
Elon Musk’s Breeding Spree Is So Much Wilder Than You Thought
Every Quentin Tarantino Movie, Ranked
Meet Elon Musk’s 14 Children and Their Mothers (Whom We Know of)
From the Archive: Sinatra and the Mob
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment