ByKris Holt
ByKris Holt, Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Kris Holt is a writer who covers video games and word games.
ByKris Holt,
 Contributor. 
Find the links between the words to win today's game of Connections.
Looking for Sunday’s Connections hints and answers? You can find them here:
Hey, gang! Happy Monday! I hope you had a fantastic weekend and that you’re ready for the week ahead. It’s going to be a good one, I can feel it.
Today’s NYT Connections hints and answers are coming right up.
In Connections, you’re presented with a grid of 16 words. Your task is to arrange them into four groups of four by figuring out the links between them. The groups could be things like horror movie franchises, a type of verb or rappers.
There’s only one solution for each puzzle, and you’ll need to be careful when it comes to words that might fit into more than one category. You can shuffle the words to perhaps help you see links between them.
Each group is color coded. The yellow group is usually the easiest to figure out, blue and green fall in the middle, and the purple group is typically the hardest one to deduce. The purple group often involves wordplay, so bear that in mind.
Select four words you think go together and press Submit. If you make a guess and you’re incorrect, you’ll lose a life. If you’re close to having a correct group, you might see a message telling you that you’re one word away from getting it right, but you’ll still need to figure out which one to swap.
If you make four mistakes, it’s game over. Let’s make sure that doesn’t happen with the help of some hints, and, if you’re really struggling, today’s Connections answers.
Scroll slowly! Just after the hints for each of today’s Connections groups, I’ll reveal what the groups are without immediately telling you which words go into them.
Today’s 16 words are...
And the hints for today’s groups are:
Need some extra help?
Be warned: we’re starting to get into spoiler territory.
Today’s groups are...
Spoiler alert! Don’t scroll any further down the page until you’re ready to find out today’s Connections answers.
This is your final warning!
Today’s Connections answers are...
No perfect game today, but I'm up to 15 straight wins overall.
I got the groups in order today. MAKE DO and GET by gave me the yellows and the greens were obvious enough. I made an error with the blues by initially including WITNESS instead of CAPISCE but I corrected that immediately afterward. That left the purple group (which I should have deduced) for victory.
That’s all there is to it for today’s Connections clues and answers. Be sure to check my blog for hints and the solution for Tuesday’s game if you need them.
P.S. Chappell Roan was one of the big draws at the festival I was at on Saturday. I totally get it now. She's great. I can't get this out of my head.