ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
FRISCO, TEXAS - MAY 11: Miranda Lambert performs onstage during the 58th Academy Of Country Music ... More Awards at The Ford Center at The Star on May 11, 2023 in Frisco, Texas. Miranda Lambert's new release Postcards from Texas shoots right to No. 1 on the U.S. iTunes chart, beating titles from Brantley Gilbert and Eminem. (Photo by Theo Wargo/Getty Images)
Country superstar Miranda Lambert is back with a new album, Postcards from Texas, which is her first on a new record label, Republic Records. Lambert joins a slew of well-known names in releasing a full-length this Friday (September 13), as is typically the case on this day of the week. Despite some tough competition, she manages to beat everyone else.
Postcards from Texas currently appears at No. 1 on the U.S. iTunes chart, as of the time of writing. Lambert’s latest shot right to the top spot on the platform’s list of the bestselling titles in the country.
Lambert is beloved, especially in the country genre, but her performance is especially impressive this Friday. Postcards from Texas beats plenty of other new drops from fellow powerhouses who command huge fan bases, and her ability to best them all is notable.
Postcards from Texas is one of seven new entrants inside the top 10 on the U.S. iTunes albums chart. At present, the highest four rungs are filled by just-released efforts, but, for the moment, none of them have been able to supplant Lambert.
Fellow country musician Brantley Gilbert appears at No. 2, with his new album Tattoos. Controversial political hip-hop artist Adam Calhoun and his collaborator Mesus land at No. 3 with their joint set Pale Horse. Rock outfit Snow Patrol launches their The Forest is the Path in fourth place.
Even Eminem hasn’t been able to compete with the likes of Lambert, Gilbert, and company–at least not yet. The rapper shared an extended take on his recent album, now titled The Death of Slim Shady (Coup De Grâce): Expanded Mourner’s Edition, which doesn’t quite crack the top five. At the time of writing, Eminem sits at No. 6, though his set may climb as the day progresses.
Stryper and London Grammar claim the only other two additional debuts inside the top 10 on the American iTunes albums chart. The former’s When We Were Kings sits right behind Eminem at No. 7, while the latter’s The Greatest Love settles at No. 8. The rest of the top 10 includes holdovers from stars like Chappell Roan, George Strait, and Maze and Frankie Beverly.