Between Gigs on the Green, barbecues and a carnival, Spring Weekend 2025 has something for everyone.
                    

                        Featuring vasectomy debates and twerking potatoes, “Potatoes of August” is an acid trip of a spectacle. From April 10 to 19, the Department of Theatre Arts and Performance Studies staged the play in the Leeds Theatre. Written by Sibyl Kempson and directed by Kathy Ng ’17 GS, “Potatoes of August” ...
                    

                        Nathan Winoto ’25 and Jillian Robbins ’11 joined forces on the show’s production team.
                    

                        Ivy Film Festival hosted the acclaimed writer on Tuesday as part of this year’s speaker panel.
                    

                        Offset, JT, Ravyn Lenae, Zack Fox and the Undertow Brass Band will perform at Spring Weekend 2025, the Brown Concert Agency announced at a midnight release party on Friday.
                    

                        Whether mourning the tragic fact that a human cannot be a nose or having an epiphany during a rowdy game of “Duck, Duck, Goose,” student theater group Something on The Green’s “Melancholy Play” has a bit of absurdity for everyone.
                    

                        The group placed second in the International Championship of Collegiate A Cappella quarterfinals in February.
                    

                        The concert featured special guest Joe Lovano, a Grammy award-winning saxophonist, composer and producer.
                    

                        During the five-day festival, student playwrights presented six original, in-progress plays.
                    

                        With their witty writing and compelling characters and stories, each play left audience members cackling.
                    

                        The Brown Daily Herald, Inc. is a financially independent, nonprofit media organization with more than 250 students working across our journalism, business and web divisions.