By JASON CHESTER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:07, 15 July 2024   |  Updated:  17:07, 15 July 2024   
 49
View  comments
Katy Perry gave fans an insight into her downtime on Monday after new single Woman's World and its accompanying video were met with unfavorable reviews. 
The singer is currently promoting the lead single from her forthcoming seventh studio album 143, but the track - billed as an empowering feminist anthem - has been dismissed as unoriginal, hypocritical and formulaic. 
Taking to Instagram with a montage of video clips, Perry, 39, appeared to be unfazed by the inauspicious response while working out with fiancé Orlando Bloom.
The singer shared a rare clip of Bloom, 47, who stripped off his T-shirt as they occupied neighboring treadmills. 
Perry also shared a separate clip from the beach, where she was filmed sporting a black bikini while strategically stood so the sinking sun appeared between her legs.  
Katy Perry shared a rare Instagram video of fiancé Orlando Bloom as they worked out together on Monday, shortly after her new single was released to mixed reviews 
Perry also shared a separate clip from the beach, where she was filmed sporting a black bikini
The American star returned to music with her new track earlier this week, but has faced criticism for the sexualised nature of the video, notably a moment where she and her dancers perform sexy choreography on a construction site before she is "smashed" by an anvil and returns in a new costume.
In a recent behind-the-scenes video shared to Instagram, Perry said: 'We’re kind of just having fun, being a bit sarcastic with it. It’s very slapstick and very on the nose.
'With this set it’s like, "Oooh, we’re not about the male gaze, but we really are about the male gaze." And we’re really overplaying it and on the nose.'
The former American Idol judge explained the anvil moment was meant as a "reset" to help her embrace the "idea of feminine divine".
She added: 'We wanted to open this video making it look like a super high-gloss pop star video.'
Woman's World is the first single from Perry's upcoming album 143, which will be released on 20 September.
The title is a code for I love you which was often used in messages sent on pagers during the 1990s.
Katy said in a statement: 'I set out to create a bold, exuberant, celebratory dance-pop album with the symbolic 143 numerical expression of love as a throughline message.'
The singer was strategically stood so the sinking sun appeared between her legs 
Bloom looks toned and trim as he works out alongside his fiancée in her latest Instagram post 
It will mark the star's first album since 2020's Smile, which did not replicate the success of her previous records.
The Firework singer previously told how the album will be "pure joy and fun".
She told Access Hollywood: 'I just have yet to make a record from a place of feeling really happy and whole and full of love.
'Sometimes artists are like, "Oh, that’s boring, you want to make music from kind of like a tougher place," but actually it’s very bright and joyful, like pure joy and fun and playful and celebratory and a party.'
Shortly after its release on Friday, Woman's World was panned by the critics as a 'monumental catastrophe' that sounds like a 'reheated' Lady Gaga.
It received a particularly harsh review from Pitchfork, which suggested it sounded like Perry had learned about feminism from a basic Google search.
Katy Perry has insisted a controversial scene in her 'Woman's World' music video is supposed to be "slapstick" and "sarcastic"
She has faced criticism for the sexualised nature of the video, notably a moment where she and her dancers perform sexy choreography on a construction site
'Defying all sense of taste, the pop singer’s comeback single is too dispiriting to even approach camp. It’s abysmal,' wrote the outlet's Shaad D’Souza.
Perry faced criticism for allegedly modeling her song after Lady Gaga's 2020 hit Stupid Love, resulting in what some called a lackluster imitation.
Additionally, she was heavily criticized for collaborating on Woman's World with Dr. Luke, the music producer accused of sexual assault by Kesha in a lawsuit that was later dismissed. Dr. Luke has consistently denied the allegations.
The Pitchfork review noted that her choice to work with Dr. Luke on a feminist anthem was 'sincerely twisted, if unsurprising.'
The song also received a scathing one-star review from The Guardian, which described the song as 'reheated Gaga' and accused it of blatantly borrowing from Chappell Roan's single Super Graphic Ultra Modern Girl.
'Woman’s World sounds like it was designed by a committee in a boardroom at Capitol Records whose sole objective was a sync on RuPaul's Drag Race and generating comments of "you ate" from white gays living in West Hollywood,' wrote Alim Kheraj in a scalding review for Dazed.
With 'lyrics that genuinely felt AI generated,' the song 'falls as flat as the bottom of the anvil that crushes Perry halfway through the music video,' according to Mary Siroky's review for Consequence Of Sound.
The former American Idol judge explained the anvil moment was meant as a "reset" to help her embrace the "idea of feminine divine"
(L-R) Producer Dr. Luke, singer Katy Perry and producer Cirkut at the 56th GRAMMY Awards ijn 2014. Perry has been condemned for working with Luke on her new single 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group