In this week’s edition of Boston at a Bargain, celebrate and learn about Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage in Quincy, watch “A Man Called Ove” with the Fenway Community Center, speak with local poet Suri Chan about her upcoming collection of poems in Jamaica Plain, and more.
AAPI HERITAGE MONTH TRIVIA NIGHT Test your knowledge of Asian American and Pacific Islander heritage and culture with a themed trivia night on Tuesday. Whether you’re on a team or flying solo, everyone is welcome to participate in this event. Connect with neighbors, learn, and celebrate AAPI culture and diversity in the library’s Richardson Building. No registration required. May 21, 7-8 p.m. Free. Thomas Crane Public Library, 40 Washington St., Quincy. thomascranelibrary.assabetinteractive.com
CENTER CINEMA Join the Fenway Community Center for the latest in its series of monthly free movie nights. This month, “A Man Called Ove” — based on Swedish author Fredrik Backman’s best-selling novel of the same name — will screen for Mental Health Awareness Month. The film is rated PG-13. Popcorn and drinks will be provided and outside food is allowed. Registration is encouraged. May 22, 6-8 p.m. Free. Fenway Community Center, 1282 Boylston St. fenwaycommunitycenter.org
SAM SESSIONS MINI-MUSIC FESTIVAL Get ready for Boston Calling weekend with Sam Sessions, an annual mini-music festival that features several local acts on two stages at the Sam Adams beer garden in Jamaica Plain. This year’s lineup includes Heysis, foamflower, Nia Marie, Dylan Burke, Adeline Um, and Alex & The People. Stage Hopper, Sam Adams’s new dry-hopped pilsner brewed in collaboration with Boston Calling, will be for purchase, along with sweet treats by Far Out Ice Cream. Attendees also have a chance to win a pair of VIP Boston Calling tickets for Saturday’s show. May 23, 5-9 p.m. Free. Sam Adams Boston Brewery, 30 Germania St. eventbrite.com
Advertisement
CONCERT AT JORDAN HALL The Boston Modern Orchestra is concluding its 26th season with a free concert at New England Conservatory’s Jordan Hall this Saturday. The program premieres “Hawking Radiation” by Yu-Hui Chang, alongside works crafted by Harold Shapero, Leonard Bernstein, and Henri Lazarof. Gil Rose, Grammy award-winning conductor and the artistic director of BMOP, will lead the evening. May 25, 8-10 p.m. Free. Jordan Hall, 30 Gainsborough St. necmusic.edu
Advertisement
A CONVERSATION WITH SURI CHAN JP’s Papercuts Bookshop is hosting prize-winning poet Suri Chan this Sunday to discuss her debut poetry collection, “But I Don’t Feel Empowered.” Chan — also known for her dreamy illustrations and popular Instagram, @poemsbysuri — will read selected poems from the book, followed by a Q&A with attendees. May 26, 4-5 p.m. Free. Papercuts Bookshop, 60 South St., Jamaica Plain. papercutsjp.com
ILLUMINAUGHTY: A QUEER DANCE PARTY Join queer nightlife group, fruitstand, for a dance party featuring music by Charli XCX, Lil Nas X, Chappell Roan, MUNA, Ariana Grande, Lady Gaga, and more.  Boston-based DJ Frazzo will be on deck to deliver the midnight “rapture” at this cheekily named, secret society-themed event. May 25, 11 p.m.-2 a.m. $10-$15. The Turing Tavern, 1281 Cambridge St., Cambridge. fruitstand.ticketspice.com
ALAMO DRAFTHOUSE CINEMA: BFD TUESDAYS Hoping to escape the heat? Snag a $7 ticket for a cushy seat at the Seaport’s Alamo Drafthouse on Tuesdays. The per-film price can be reused for as many movies as you can fit into one day — meaning an all-day marathon might not break the bank. Every Tuesday, times vary, some restrictions apply. $7. Alamo Drafthouse, 60 Seaport Blvd. drafthouse.com/boston
Advertisement
Adri Pray can be reached at adri.pray@globe.com. Follow her @adriprayy.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information