They'll also perform on the awards show with the Manchester Camerata orchestra. 

													By
												

	Paul Grein


Pet Shop Boys will receive the first MTV EMA Pop Pioneers Award at the 2024 MTV EMA, which is set to take place on Sunday, Nov. 10, at Co-op Live in Manchester, England. The English duo, consisting of Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe, will also perform on the show with the Manchester Camerata, an orchestra that has been working in Manchester and beyond since 1972.

	The award recognizes “their contribution to the world of pop music, including the groundbreaking sonic and visual spectacles they create for their fans. The award also honors their unique style, enduring influence, and their army of steadfast fans around the world,” according to a statement.

	










	2024 marks 40 years since the first Pet Shop Boys record was released. The duo has notched 22 top 10 hits on the Official U.K. Singles chart (including four No. 1s) and five top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot 100 (including one No. 1). “West End Girls” reached No. 1 on both charts. “It’s a Sin,” “Always on My Mind” and “Heart” were the Boys’ other U.K. No. 1s.




			Trending on Billboard		






	MTV also revealed three more performers on the show – K-pop quintet LE SSERAFIM, música Mexicana star Peso Pluma and South African singer Tyla. Previously announced performers are Shawn Mendes, Benson Boone, RAYE, Teddy Swims and the Mexican-born sister trio The Warning.

LL Cool J and mother-and-daughter musicians Neneh Cherry and Mabel have been added to the list of presenters, joining Bush frontman Gavin Rossdale and screen stars Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Jodie Turner-Smith and Lucien Laviscount.

Rita Ora is set to host the show. She will become the show’s first three-time host, having previously hosted in 2017 and co-hosted in 2022 with Taika Waititi.

Taylor Swift leads with seven nods, including best artist, best video, best pop and biggest fans. Ariana Grande, Billie Eilish, Charli XCX and Sabrina Carpenter each scored five nominations. Closely following with four nods each are Ayra Starr, Beyoncé, Kendrick Lamar, LISA, plus first-time nominees Chappell Roan and Tyla. (Note that 10 of the 11 artists with the most nominations for the 2024 MTV EMAs are women.)

	Fans can vote for their favorites on the EMAs website from now until 00:00 CET on Nov. 6.

	










	The 2024 MTV EMAs will broadcast at 9 p.m. GMT Sunday, Nov. 10, on MTV UK, Channel 5 and Pluto TV, and will be available on demand on Paramount+ from Nov. 12. Tickets will be on sale at a later date.

	Bruce Gillmer and Richard Godfrey are executive producers for the 2024 MTV EMAs. Debbie Phillips and Chloe Mason are producers.

	This will be the eighth time the EMAs have been held in the U.K. Last year’s ceremony was set for Nov. 5 in Paris, but was canceled two weeks before the show due to the Israel–Hamas war, becoming the first EMAs to be canceled in its 30-year history.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.