© 2025 WWB Holdings, LLC. All rights reserved

                December 04, 2024
            

                        For the second year in a row, Taylor Swift was the most-streamed artist on Spotify both globally and in Philadelphia. 
                    
Happy Spotify Wrapped day to all who celebrate! For the uninitiated, today is when users of the music streaming app find out what tunes have filled their ears the most during the past year – and then flood social media with posts about it.
The 2024 Wrapped data was released Wednesday morning and can be accessed via Spotify. Globally, Taylor Swift is the top artist of the year on Spotify for the second year in a row, and she has the top album, "The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology." Another Pennsylvania pop princess, Sabrina Carpenter, from Bucks County, has the most-streamed song globally with "Espresso," and the third-most played album with "Short n' Sweet."
MORE: Kendrick Lamar and SZA will play at Lincoln Financial Field on May 5
How do listeners in Philadelphia compare to music lovers around the world?
Swift, a Berks County native, also is the most-played artist in Philly this year, followed by Drake, Zach Bryan – who lived in Philadelphia for a time – Morgan Wallen and Kanye West, Spotify's data shows. Swift was the music platform's most streamed artist here in 2023, too.
Philly's tastes align with the app's global data for the top song and top album of 2024, with Carpenter's "Espresso," and Swift's "The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology" each ranking No. 1 locally on the respective lists.
Here are the top-five lists for Spotify's most-streamed artists, songs and albums in Philadelphia:
Follow Franki & PhillyVoice on Twitter: @wordsbyfranki
 | @thePhillyVoice

Like us on Facebook: PhillyVoice

Have a news tip? Let us know.


                                Franki Rudnesky
                            

                            PhillyVoice Staff
                        

franki@phillyvoice.com

Transportation


                                
                                    Sponsored
                                
                            

Entertainment


Children's Health


Pop Culture


Eagles


Travel


Summer


Adult Health


Adult Health


Parenting


Philanthropy


Health News


Festivals


Travel


Festivals


Entertainment

© 2025 WWB Holdings, LLC. All rights reserved