Filed under:
The season is on the line tonight.
If you buy something from an SB Nation link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.
The Royals are on the ropes after last night’s loss:
Entering the 2024 Division Series, best-of-five postseason series that have been tied 1-1 have seen the team winning Game 3 go on to take the series 45 of 62 times (73%). Under the current 2-2-1 format, teams leading 2-1 and playing Game 4 on the road have taken the series 22 of 33 times (67%). Of those 22 series victories, 18 came on the road in Game 4.
Michael Wacha is ready to start with the season on the line:
“I don’t really think about the leash too much,” Wacha said before the game on Wednesday. “I want to go out there and give our guys a chance to win a ballgame just like any other start throughout the season. And this one is no different. Want to get out there, hopefully go deep and give our guys a chance to win a ballgame.”
Patrick Mahomes was in attendance at yesterday’s game:
Mahomes was seen celebrating in a suite after the clutch knock, jumping up and down and making his way over to a former teammate of his who was wearing a Yankees jacket. That former teammate is Gehrig Dieter, who is named after Lou Gehrig and is apparently a die-hard fan of the Bronx Bombers.
Salvador Perez feels at home in the postseason:
That’s October. “This is what he lives for,” said Cole Ragans, the winning pitcher in Game 2 of the ALDS. Ragans learned this over the past year, when he grew into an ace under Perez’s tutelage. Even when Perez’ body barks at him and tells him men in their mid-30s weren’t built to catch regularly in the big leagues, he pushes through the physical challenges because he craves the mental ones.
“I love to think about the game,” Perez said. “ I want to be in charge. I tell these guys, give me all the pressure. I’ve got it. I want to think fastball, slider, curveball, how we got him out the last at-bat, what we do now, what he’s looking for. That’s why I love catching so much.”
The Detroit Tigers shutout the Cleveland Guardians to take a 2-1 series lead.
The New York Mets took down the Philadelphia Phillies to reach the NLCS for the first time since 2015.
The Los Angeles Dodgers forced a game five with a win over the San Diego Padres.
The roof of Tropicana Field sustained heavy damage from Hurricane Milton.
MLB is starting to get clarity on who Diamond Sports Group will broadcast going forward.
Breaking down the WNBA Finals as the Minnesota Lynx and New York Liberty prepare to open the series tonight.
Wimbledon will no longer use human line judges.
Rafael Nadal will retire at the end of the year.
The DOJ may force a breakup of Google.
Nintendo is coming out with an alarm clock.
Celebrities are spending millions on a startup that’s aiming to bring back the dodo bird from extinction.
Your song of the day is Red Wine Supernova by Chappell Roan.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.