By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:17, 10 November 2024   |  Updated:  19:41, 10 November 2024   
 17
View  comments
Chappell Roan has seen her career skyrocket over the past year and now she's making new moves behind the scenes.
The Good Luck Babe singer, 26, has split with her management team of six years, according to Billboard. 
Roan has parted ways with State of the Art management and her manager Nick Bobetsky.
She signed with the company in 2018 and Bobetsky was a big fan of Chappell, whose real name is Kayleigh Rose Amstutz, from the very start. 
'Her immense talent was clear immediately,' Bobetsky previously told Billboard about Chappell, who has been nominated for Best New Artist and Song of the Year among other nominations.
Chappell Roan has seen her career skyrocket over the past year and now she's making new moves behind the scenes. Seen here on Saturday Night Live on November 2, 2024
Rumors of the professional split started circulating last month after Roan faced backlash for remarks she made about the U.S. Presidential election and her last minute cancellation of her appearance at the All Things Go festival.
When she cancelled the festival appearance she cited her health as the reasoning. 
'Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it,' Roan said at the time. 'I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health.' 
The Every Single Album podcast reported last month that Chappell had fired her management team and that top music managers were now competing to sign her.
Neither Chappell nor State of the Art have commented on the split. DailyMail.com has reached out to Chappell's reps for comment.
The Femininomenon hitmaker has also spoken out about the lack of boundaries she has experienced from her own fan base.
'When I'm on stage, when I'm performing, when I'm in drag, when I'm at a work event, when I'm doing press … I am at work,' she wrote on Instagram in August.
'Any other circumstance, I am not in work mode…I don't agree with the notion that I owe a mutual exchange of energy, time, or attention to people I do not know, do not trust, or who creep me out — just because they're expressing admiration.'
In a comment on her post, the Hot To Go singer spoke out about boundaries and respect and the fact that she isn't afraid to express and demand both. 
Rumors of the professional split started circulating last month after Roan faced backlash for remarks she made about the U.S. Presidential election. Seen here on November 9, 2024
Roan has seen her career skyrocket over the past year and now she's making new moves behind the scenes. Seen here on SNL on November 2, 2024
The Good Luck Babe singer, 26, has split with her management team of six years with Nick Bobetsky of State of the Art management. Seen here on November 9, 2024
She signed with the company in 2018 and Bobetsky was a big fan of Chappell, whose real name is Kayleigh Rose Amstutz, from the very start. Seen here on November 9, 2024
'Why is a girl expressing her fears and boundaries so infuriating?' That is all.'
Last week, the Pink Pony Club singer made her debut performance on Saturday Night Live where she performed an as yet unreleased country song called The Giver.
Most recently, Chappell performed at the Grammy Museum in an event called Chappell Roan at Spotlight: A Night with Chappell Roan at the Grammy Museum.
The Red Wine Supernova is up for six Grammys including Album of the Year for The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, Song and Record of the Year for Good Luck, Babe, and Best New Artist, Best Pop Solo Performance and Best Pop Vocal Album. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group