Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Chappell Roan has explained that she yelled at a photographer on the MTV Video Music Awards red carpet because she was reacting to a man who had been shouting at her.
The "Good Luck, Babe!" singer has enjoyed a meteoric rise to fame in 2024. Rolling Stone has even called her "the future of pop."
While Roan is going from one career success to another, she has also been honest about how this rise has come with pitfalls, such as rabid fans who don't respect her boundaries—and a rude photographer.
When the rising pop star arrived at the VMAs red carpet on September 11, before her impressive performance later in the evening, she snapped at a photographer who could be heard saying "Shut the f*** up." In response, Roan pointed at the offender and said: "YOU shut the f*** up. Don't! Not me, b****."
In an interview with The Guardian, published on Friday, Roan explained how having boundaries has resulted in some people online thinking she's ungrateful for the success she has.
Newsweek emailed a spokesperson for Roan for comment on Friday.
"I'm very turned off by the celebrity of it all," she said. "Some girls have been in this so long that they're used to that, but I'm not that girl. I'm not gonna be a sweetie pie to a man who's telling me to shut the f*** up."
Speaking about some of her fans, the singer added: "They think I'm complaining about my success. I'm complaining about being abused."
Roan previously revealed that she has had a variety of scary fan interactions, including one man who turned up at airports in two different cities after fans learned her travel information, which she said left her sobbing and "screaming."
She also had a stalker, who met Roan in her home state of Missouri and has turned up to her parents' home as well as her hotel room in New York.
The singer told The Guardian that she is now in therapy twice a week to help her cope with how much her life has changed. Roan has also been to a psychiatrist, who has diagnosed the singer with depression.
"I think it's because my whole life has changed. Everything that I really love to do now comes with baggage," she continued.
"If I want to go thrifting, I have to book security and prepare myself that this is not going to be normal. Going to the park, Pilates, yoga—how do I do this in a safe way where I'm not going to be stalked or harassed?"
The "Hot To Go!" singer took a stand against overbearing fan behavior in a video she posted to TikTok in August.
"I don't give a f*** if you think it's selfish of me to say no for a photo or for your time or for a hug. That's not normal, that's weird!" she said in the two-part clip.
"Just answer my questions for a second. If you saw a random woman on the street, would you yell at her from the car window? Would you harass her in public? Would you go up to a random lady and say, 'Can I get a photo with you?' And she's like, 'No, what the f***?' And then you get mad at this random lady? Would you be offended if she says no to your time because she has her own time?"
She added: "Would you stalk her family? Would you follow her around? Would you try to dissect her life and bully her online? This is a lady you don't know, and she doesn't know you at all."
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC