Like mother, like daughter <3 
2024 is the year of the it girl: from Chappell Roan to Sabrina Carpenter to Tyla. And one woman who has "it" (whatever that is) running through her very veins? Well, Kaia Gerber of course. 
The model and actress (we're still living for her role in Bottoms, FYI) has had campaigns with fashion houses like Alaïa, Celine, DKNY and Alexander McQueen and magazine covers with Vogue, British Vogue and Harper's Bazaar, as well as opening for Valentino on the runway. She's basically the EGOT of the fashion world at this point.
Naturally, part of her success is due to her incred DNA: her mother is the OG supermodel Cindy Crawford, AKA one of the most beautiful women to have *ever* lived. And Kaia's fashion has previously paid homage to her famous mum: rocking a retro power suit at Paris Fashion Week last year which looked like it had been taken *straight* from Cindy's wardrobe.
And now, she's back on it. Kaia stepped out at the Toronto International Film Festival for the premiere of Shell — a new film, featuring Kaia (natch!), which explores the perils of the beauty industry through dark comedy. 
On the red carpet, the supermodel rocked a white, ankle-length Hervé Léger bandage dress with in-built underwire cups with a pair of matching white stilettos by Jimmy Choo. Sounds gorge, right? 
Well, the look wasn't just beaut, it was also a major throwback to a look worn by her mother on another red carpet: the 1993 Academy Awards, to be exact. At that awards show, overly 30 years ago, Cindy wore basically the exact same dress by Hervé Leger — proving that some looks literally never go out of style. 
Megan Wallace (they/them) is Cosmopolitan UK’s Former Sex and Relationships Editor covering sexual pleasure, sex toys, LGBTQIA+ identity, dating and romance. They have covered sexuality and relationships for over five years and are the founder of the PULP zine, which publishes essays on culture and sex. In their spare time, they can be found exploring the London kink scene and planning dates on Feeld. 
Kim K's nude bodysuit is *gravity-defying*
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.