Join or Sign In
Sign in to customize your TV listings
By joining TV Guide, you agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge the data practices in our Privacy Policy.
The MTV VMAs are officially back with live awards and performances you won't want to miss. Learn how to watch the 2024 MTA VMAs without cable now.
Disclaimer: When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards (better known as the VMAs) are officially back for another run, taking place this year on Sept. 11 at 8 p.m. ET. With the meteoric rise of pop powerhouses like Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter, plus an album that quite literally ruled the summer — Brat by Charli xcx — this year has been an absolute feast for music lovers. The hits have been dropping nonstop, and you better believe the awards are going to be flowing in abundance.
If you've cut the cord like a lot of other folks have in recent times, you might be wondering how to watch the MTV VMAs without cable. What if something similar to the iconic 2009 Lady Gaga 'Paparazzi' performance happens again? You can't miss that. What else would you talk to your coworkers about on Thursday morning?
2024 MTV VMAs
With performances from Anitta, Benson Boone, Camila Cabello, Chappell Roan, GloRilla, Halsey, KAROL G, Lenny Kravitz, LISA, LL COOL J, Megan Thee Stallion, Rauw Alejandro, Sabrina Carpenter, and Shawn Mendes (please hold as we catch our breath), this is going to be a show-stopping award show sure to leave spectators' jaws on the floor.
Who is going to take the crown for Artist of the Year? Video of the Year? And, most importantly, Best New Artist? And are you willing to riot with us if it isn't Chappell? Tune in to the MTV VMAs this year on Sept 11 at 8 p.m. ET to learn everything you'll need to know. Find out how to watch the 2024 MTV VMAs without cable below.
All you need to watch the MTV VMAs is, well, MTV. Everything MTV-related that you'll ever need to watch is available right on Paramount+, which includes the 2024 MTV VMAs live through the streaming app. Paramount+ costs users $8/month or $60 for a year. Paramount+ also offers a week long free trial and tons of ready-to-watch content from a multitude of different channels.
While Paramount+ is a great option for watching shows and movies, it is limited when it comes to streaming live TV. If you're after a place that's all about live TV then DIRECTV STREAM is your go-to. It's also a fantastic hub for catching all the sports coverage you can handle this season. There are three different tiers to choose from, depending on what you're looking for. But if your main goal is catching the MTV VMAs, we recommend going with DIRECTV STREAM's lowest tier-the Entertainment package. It's got everything you need without any extra fluff. Because it's currently on sale, this tier will only cost $50/month for the first three months and then $80/month each month thereafter. Expect 90+ channels, including MTV.
Fubo is yet another excellent option if live TV is all you want. And, just like DIRECTV STREAM, the lowest tier is all you'll need to stream MTV. Grab 200 channels, streaming on up to 10 screens, and unlimited DVR space for just $50 for the first month then $80/month thereafter. This is also a great option for sports lovers. While the current deal the streaming service is running doesn't trump DIRECTV STREAM, the amount of channels for the price you're paying absolutely does.
For just $77/month, Hulu + Live TV is one of the best streaming services that offers live TV (with over 90 channels), including MTV. Snag everything on Hulu with ads plus live TV — but that's not all you're going to get. Subscribers will also receive Disney+ with ads and ESPN+ with ads all under this deal. So, once the VMAs are over, you'll have a massive catalog of TV and movies to binge afterwards.
When MTV discontinued the MTV app a few years back, many people initially took to Philo due to the brand's affordable live streaming of the channel in addition to many others. Philo is still one of the most affordable live streaming services that offers MTV, costing just $28/month with over 70 channels.
Not in the United States? No worries, you won't miss a single moment of the 2024 MTV VMAs. With a VPN service like ExpressVPN or Private Internet Access, you can stream the entire show no matter where you are. VPNs let you virtually change your location, giving you access to US streaming platforms to catch all the action. Private Internet Access starts at just $2/month, while ExpressVPN is offering a sweet 49% discount on its annual plan right now.
For more deals on streaming services and entertainment products, check out TV Guide's Shopping hub.