e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival lineup is here early this year.
Lady Gaga will headline on Friday evenings, Green Day on Saturday nights, and Post Malone will close out both weekends and Sundays at the annual festival at the Empire Polo Club in Indio on April 11-13 and April 18-20.
Gaga first headlined the festival in 2017, replacing Beyoncé, who postponed her performance due to her pregnancy. Malone will have his first headlining slot at the festival since he previously performed in 2018, but he has made several guest appearances over the years, including most recently with Bad Bunny in 2022. Malone performed a country star-studded set on the Indio field for the Stage Coach County Music Festival, which takes place at the same venue the weekend after both Coachella events on April 25-27.
Other performers include Missy Elliott, Megan Thee Stallion, and Charli XCX in the second-lining slots. Also on this year’s lineup are Anitta, Benson Boone, FKA Twigs, Clairo, Zedd, Junior H, Jennie, GloRilla, Lisa, Mustard, Ivan Cornejo, SPEED, Kraftwerk, Shaboozey, The Go-Go’s and many more.
Rapper Travis Scott will also perform at the festival all three days of the event. His performance will come five years after he was set to headline the 2020 edition, which was canceled due to the coronavirus pandemic. Scott was expected to return to the festival’s rescheduled dates in 2022 but was removed after his festival performance at Astroworld in Houston in 2021 ended in tragedy when fans rushed the stage, leading to 10 deaths. Scott last performed at the fest in 2017 in a second-liner slot, headlining the Outdoor Theatre stage.
Fans can register for access to passes before the presale on Friday, Nov. 22, at 11 a.m. Attendees of 2023 and 2024 will be able to purchase tickets on Thursday, Nov. 21, at 11 a.m.
Coachella 2024 included headliners Tyler, The Creator, Lana Del Rey, Doja Cat and a No Doubt reunion. Some of music’s best-selling stadium acts, Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter drew massive crowds, foreshadowing their ballooning successes. Other highlights included Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce catching Bleachers’ and Ice Spice’s sets.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group