NSYNC are officially back on the charts with one of their biggest hits—and it’s all thanks to Deadpool vs. Wolverine.
The film’s newly-infamous opening scene features Ryan Reynolds busting his best Y2K boy band dance moves to NSYNC’s “Bye Bye Bye.” The moment has since inspired fans to join the “Deadpool Dance Challenge” on TikTok and beyond.
Now, “Bye Bye Bye” made its way back onto the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the No. 42 spot for the week of August 17, a whole 24 years after its release. It sits above more recent singles such as “Mamushi” by Megan Thee Stallion, “Red Wine Supernova” by rising pop starlet Chappell Roan, and “Field Trip” from Ye and Ty Dolla Sign’s Vultures 2 album.
On the Global chart, which excludes data from the United States, “Bye Bye Bye” jumped 10 spots to No. 8.
NSYNC’s iconic single was taken off their blockbuster second studio album, No Strings Attached, which made history at the time as the fastest selling album with 2.4 million copies sold in its first week, per Billboard. “Bye Bye Bye” itself peaked at No. 4 on the Hot 100 in March 2000.
The group also returned to the charts with their 2023 comeback single, “Better Place,” taken from the children's film Trolls Band Together. The track peaked at No. 25 and spent six weeks on the chart.
Although it didn’t make an impact on the Hot 100 this week, Madonna’s “Like a Prayer,” which was prominently featured in the film, enjoyed a sales bump of 2,400 copies, according to Forbes. The song saw a modest 400 copies sold during prior tracking week, per data from Luminate.
pop-culture | BY Trey Alston
Chris Evans Responds to Ryan Reynolds’ Post Thanking Him for His 'Deadpool & Wolverine' Cameo
music | BY Alex Ocho
Video of NSYNC and Backstreet Boys Dancing Together Draws Comparisons to Crips and Bloods, Avengers and Justice League
pop-culture | BY Trey Alston
Ryan Reynolds Thinks Channing Tatum Is the Perfect Gambit
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.