By Maddie Browning 
Vertigo is a sudden sensation triggering an unsteady, woozy feeling. It can cause people to move in circles and stagger around unable to regain their balance. For singer-songwriter Griff, that’s what love feels like. 
“You’re scared of heights, that’s vertigo/ You wanted lights, go see a show/ You ran away, that’s touch and go/ You’re scared of love, well, aren’t we all?” she sings about a partner feeling uneasy about giving in to love. 
The 23-year-old British pop singer dominated the stage at House of Blues on Friday. She released her sophomore record “Vertigo” in July, chronicling the dizzying feeling of the end of a relationship. 
Griff, born Sarah Faith Griffiths, lives in the sonic realm of Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, and Tate McRae. She writes pop with electronic and R&B influences. While her lyrics cut deep, many of her tracks call for jumping and dancing. 
Griff took the stage in a white puffy sleeve top and hoop skirt with her signature curl trailing down her forehead, marrying soft Marie Antoinette style with modern coquette influences. She kicked off her set with her latest album’s title track as blue light and glittery electronic sounds showered down on her. 
She appeared delicate and petite until she unleashed a deeply powerful voice that commanded the room. For “Pillow in My Arms,” a song about dancing with the ghost of her ex, Griff sorrowfully gazed out into the audience as if she could almost see them standing there. 
Above vibrant synths, her voice contained multitudes. Even as she lay down on the stage, she remained carefully controlled, crying out and then pulling back. Her vocal runs were intoxicating, weaving through a haunting melody. 
A spiral chandelier cascaded down above Griff, further referencing the swirling, nauseating motion of falling for someone. 
“We’re gonna dance like no one’s watching because it’s pop music, and we love pop music,” Griff said, twirling around the stage for a captivated audience. She explained that the last time she stopped in Boston, she played a small venue during a snowstorm, so headlining House of Blues was an exciting moment.
“Hiding Alone” felt reminiscent of The 1975 with a swaying bassline. Griff joyfully proclaimed the love letter to someone who used to make life more colorful.
“Oh, ’cause you had a way/ Of making everything disappear/ So not even the wind or the rain/ Can reach us when we’re hiding out here,” she sang with a bright smile as the audience grooved to the beat. 
House of Blues quickly became a nightclub of people giddily jumping to songs about romantic pain and suffering. It was ironic but healing. 
“Where Did You Go” traced how loss can feel like someone going missing — there’s an open-endedness like maybe someday they will walk through the door again. 
“It’s kind of this unanswered question,” Griff explained as a spotlight shone down on her. 
“Oh, baby, where have you been?/ ‘Cause I’ve been in this house alone/ I’ve been sitting here alone/ And I turned all the carpets upside down/ I went into your room and you weren’t to be found/ Even under the table but all I found was dust,” she sang, wiping her eyes before transitioning into the next song. 
Griff moved into the middle of the pit for a few songs, craving the intimacy of smaller venues after playing large stadiums. (Notably, she opened for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour at Wembley Stadium on June 22.)
Leaving her synths behind, she performed “So Fast” with an acoustic guitar. The track outlines the importance of soaking in good moments and not letting them pass so fast, like her taking in this time with an enraptured crowd. 
For her encore, Griff reemerged with “Astronaut,” a heart-wrenching and clever ballad about a lover pulling away. 
“Oh, you said that you needed space, go on then, astronaut/ And when you come back down to earth, bet I’ll be the one you call/ When you realize there’s nothing out there, but matter and emptiness/ And you let a good thing go,” she sang, capturing the hollow aching of not being enough for someone. 
She ended with “Tears for Fun,” a bumping, synthpop and ‘80s-inspired track about knowing a relationship is unhealthy but not being able to move on. Griff ended the show with high energy, bouncing around the stage as the audience enthusiastically sang along.
“When it kills your heart but you can’t say no/ When it burns you red but you won’t let go/ The deepest cuts, well, they heal so slow/ I hope they do, God, but what if they don’t?” she cheerfully belted out. 
Griff’s soaring vocals cut deep, leaving an irreparable mark of admiration. 
Encore
Get everything you need to know to start your day, delivered right to your inbox every morning.
©2025 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC

			Stay up to date with everything Boston. Receive the latest news and breaking updates, straight from our newsroom to your inbox.