Glastonbury Festival hopefuls will always go to great lengths to secure a ticket to the Worthy Farm extravaganza. 
They’ve waited in queues, downloaded 10 different browsers, used every device they could find, organised a 100-person strong ticket syndicate… And yet come the November ticket drop, many were left without that golden pass to the best event of the summer. 
It’s heartbreaking stuff. 
Since the tickets are now sold out for 2025, there are only a few ways to get into the iconic Somerset festival, kicking off on June 25 – and one of them is buying copius amounts of cheese. 
In what is a simply genius marketing tactic, Worthy Farm Cheddar has teamed up with the Co-op, giving customers who buy a block a chance to win one of 10 pairs of tickets to the festival.
With such an alluring prize at stake, the Pilton-based cheddar was hot property on the competition’s opening. 
‘Honestly the s**t I have to do to try and get Glastonbury tickets. Buying cheese now ffs,’ wrote @Ryan01020304061. 
Others panicked that they couldn’t find a Co-op branch stocking the Worthy Farm produce. 
‘@coopuk please can you tell me where my local shop that stocks @Worthy_Cheddar is? I’ve been to the Spital shop today and they do not stock it, my local @mycoopfood stock it but they’re not part of the Glastonbury Tickets competition and I need to be in it to win it,’ wrote @lilaclove76, seemingly in a panic. 
‘It’s bad that Glastonbury gets us chasing cheese to get a ticket…most likely the stress of April resales…’ wrote @IanBates10. 
‘I am lactose intolerant…but needs must!’ wrote @GlastObsessed, while @wheresmytent_ said: ‘Trying to stay off Twitter, but hoping my fellow Glastonbury addicts can all keep their fingers crossed for me. Ran out tonight and bought 4 blocks of Worthy Cheddar using my @coopuk card, praying that I might be lucky enough to win a pair of tickets.’
Gouda luck to all those who have managed to get their hands on a block or two, as the competition is now closed, with the winners to be chosen on December 13.
The award-winning cheddar – made from the milk of the Worthy Farm herd – first launched in 2022 by farmer and festival founder Michael Eavis. 
In 2019, the Co-op was selected as Glastonbury’s first-ever retail partner, and it sets up a store at the festival every year (brilliant for buying ice to keep those tinnies cool, FYI).
To those who end up with 10 blocks of cheese but no ticket, your next chance to get your hands on one will be in the April resale, when cancelled tickets are entered back into a pool and re-sold. 
That’s unless you fancy volunteering and litter pick your way to the fun. Let’s face it, with rumoured headliners including Stevie Wonder, Chappell Roan, Charli XCX, and Neil Young, it would probably be worth it. 
The only act to be confirmed so far at Glastonbury is Sir Rod Stewart, who will be taking to the stage for the Sunday legend slot.
Last year, the whole line up dropped in mid-March but that was a particularly late year. 
If the line up is as good as is promised, there will likely be very few tickets put up for resale – especially considering 2026 is a fallow year so everyone is wanting to attend in 2025 to make up for it. 
Feta luck next time. 
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Record-breaking artist is obvious Glastonbury headliner choice we all keep overlooking
Arrow
MORE: 70s legend ‘keen’ to return for Glastonbury headline slot after 16 years
Arrow
MORE: Three rock bands fuel Glastonbury 2025 rumours with suspicious tour date announcements