"We matter. You matter. Your voice and your vote matters”
Jennifer Lopez has reacted emotionally to controversial remarks about her Puerto Rican heritage at a Donald Trump rally last week.
At a campaign event at New York’s Madison Square Garden on October 27, the comedian Tony Hinchcliffe referred to Puerto Rico as a “floating island of garbage”, among other derogatory remarks about the Latin community, Black people, Jewish people and Palestinians.
Now Lopez, whose parents were born on the island before meeting in New York City, has appeared at a Kamala Harris rally in Las Vegas, where she was visibly emotional as she addressed the remarks.
J-Lo described Trump as “the biggest adversary I think America has internally ever had”, arguing that he has “consistently worked to divide us”.
Jennifer Lopez and Kamala Harris at a campaign rally in Las Vegas, Nevada, on October 31, 2024. (Photo by BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP via Getty Images)
“At Madison Square Garden, he reminded us who he really is and how he really feels,” she said. “It wasn’t just Puerto Ricans that were offended that day. It was every Latino in this country. It was humanity and anyone of decent character.”
“I am Puerto Rican, and yes, I was born here, and we are Americans. I am a mother. I am a sister. I am an actor and an entertainer. And I like Hollywood endings. I like when the good guy, and in this case, the good girl wins.”
As she fought back tears, she continued: “We should be emotional. We should be upset. We should be scared and outraged. We should – our pain matters. We matter. You matter. Your voice and your vote matters.”
Other performers with Puerto Rican heritage, including Bad Bunny, Luis Fonsi and Aubrey Plaza, have all also come out against Trump’s campaign after Hinchcliffe’s ‘jokes’.
The stars of the entertainment world have been lining up to endorse the current Vice President ahead of the November 5 election. Earlier today (November 2), Bruce Springsteen appeared in a ‘Hopes and Dreams’ campaign ad for Harris, while Taylor Swift broke her silence in September when she wrote that she would be voting for the Democrat “because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them”.
Last week, the cast of Marvel’s Avengers, including Mark Ruffalo, Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans and Don Cheadle, reunited to endorse Harris in an Instagram clip.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, a former Republican governor of California, has also said he is voting for Harris. “I will always be an American before I am a Republican,” he said. “That’s why, this week, I am voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. I’m sharing it with all of you because I think there are a lot of you who feel like I do. You don’t recognise our country. And you are right to be furious.”
Others to officially endorse Harris include Beyoncé, Charli XCX, Joni Mitchell, Chappell Roan, Megan Thee Stallion, Cher, Lizzo, Eminem, Usher, P!nk, Leonardo DiCaprio, Bad Bunny, Bon Iver, Quavo, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, Mumford & Sons, GloRilla and Finneas.
High-profile backers of Trump include Kid Rock, Kelsey Grammer, Kanye West and Hulk Hogan.
In other J-Lo news, reports emerged in August that she and Ben Affleck had filed for divorce after two years of marriage. It is the second time the couple have separated, after being engaged from 2002 to 2004.
In May, she cancelled her ‘This Is Me…Live’ summer tour in order to spend more time with her family, strongly denying that it was to do with low ticket sales.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.