Miley Cyrus isn’t posting on her Instagram account for a good reason. In a rare interview with Harper’s Bazaar, the singer opened up about her relationship with social media and childhood fame. She also touched on her private life with boyfriend Maxx Morando.
While discussing her limited online presence, she defended Chappell Roan, who has been open with her own struggles adjusting to newfound fame. “I wish people would not give her a hard time,” Cyrus said. “It’s probably really hard coming into this business with phones and Instagram. That wasn’t always a part of my life, and I’m not a part of it now. I don’t even have my Instagram password.”
She reflected on the impact being a child star has had on her relationships. “For a while, I thought it got in the way of me connecting with people,” she said. 
On whether she can easily form relationships with others, Cyrus explained, “I don’t even know how to really answer that because for who I am as a person, yes, I feel like I can connect to people and I feel like I’m a friend to all. But because of how I’ve grown up, sometimes people make it harder. I can drop my persona really easily, but it’s hard for other people to erase that part of you.”
The singer also briefly spoke about her partner Morando, who is 26. “He looks at life really differently than I do,” she said. “He grew up with a laptop. I had a desktop computer that I shared with my brothers and sisters. … Honestly, he’s raised our dog off Reddit. I’m like, Are you sure we’re supposed to be doing this? And he’s like, On Reddit it says blah, blah, blah.” She added more broadly, “He’s very similar to me. We just don’t take life too seriously.”
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.