Culture | Music
Any Olivia Rodrigo fans who missed out when the Grammy-winning singer’s GUTS World Tour came to the UK back in May are in luck, as the 21-year-old has announced that a concert special of the show will be available to stream on Netflix from October 29. 
Known for #1 hits Good 4 U and Vampire, the multi-platinum-selling singer’s GUTS World Tour, which supported the release of her sophomore album of the same name, kicked off in California last February. 
She’s since performed across North America, Europe and Asia, with the tour set to conclude in Sydney at the end of the month. 
Filmed at Los Angeles’ Intuit Dome, Netflix has said that the special promises to give fans “an exhilarating look inside Rodrigo’s massive, sold-out arena tour”. 
Rodrigo said: “For those of you who didn’t get a chance to rock out in-person, now you can have the best seats in the house! 
“And to the fans who cheered, screamed, and danced with me, I’m so glad we get to do it all over again!”
A press release from Netflix added: “Prepare to scream, cry, dance, and sing your heart out to songs from her latest album, GUTS, and her debut album, SOUR.” 
With the Netflix release, Rodrigo is following in the footsteps of the likes of Beyoncé, Taylor Swift and Lady Gaga, all of whom have filmed their own acclaimed concert specials in recent years. 
The GUTS tour - which sold out all of its 99 dates and featured opening acts including Chappell Roan and PinkPantheress - has grossed the singer nearly $100 million, a huge leap from the $3 million her debut show, the Sour Tour, made with 49 dates in 2022.
MORE ABOUT
Have your say...
1
World
US pulls out of formal peace talks between Ukraine and Russia
US pulls out of formal peace talks between Ukraine and Russia
2
UK
Anger grows towards Prince Harry for saying ‘I don’t know how much longer’ King Charles has to live
Anger at Prince Harry for speculating about how long King has to live
3
Politics
Reform's Andrea Jenkyns storms out of TV interview as she's grilled on comment about rival's 'South African accent'
Reform's Andrea Jenkyns storms out of TV interview in 'accent' row
4
World
Donald Trump posts bizarre image of himself as pope just week after pontiff’s funeral
Trump posts bizarre picture of himself as pope just week after funeral
5
Film
Most disturbing film trailer in years leaves fans 'unable to sleep' after late-night viewing
Most disturbing film trailer in years is leaving fans unable to sleep