ByZoya Hasan
“Artists are renegades, they're fire bombs,” says Shaboozey, the 29-year-old who, this year, scored six Grammy nominations. “We're the people that can't be tamed.”
It took the first-generation Nigerian American 10 years of grinding in the music biz before his 2024 hit A Bar Song (Tipsy), two features with Beyonce and an upcoming gig as the musical guest on Saturday Night Live. He’s journeyed from the kid trying to find his place in Woodbridge, Virginia, where people mispronounced his last name "Chibueze," to embracing that very name and becoming "Shaboozey"—the unlikely country star now set to tour Europe in his cowboy boots and Wrangler jeans.
Tim Tadder for Forbes
Over the past 14 years, Forbes has highlighted the artists, founders, and industry leaders on our annual 30 Under 30 Music list, keeping an eye out for talent year-round and with the help of nominations from the public. All candidates had to be 29 or younger as of December 31, 2024, and have never before been named to a 30 Under 30 North America, Asia, or Europe list.
This year’s class was evaluated by expert judges who each offered a distinct point of view. They include Epic Records CEO Sylvia Rhone, who became the first woman to head a major record company in 1990; Nicole Wyskoarko, president and Head of Urban A&R at Interscope Records, where she works with artists like J. Cole; virtuoso musician, composer, and five-time Grammy winner Jon Batiste and chart-topping rapper and songwriter Big Sean.
Shaboozey is among those in this class whose experiences show just how fickle the music world truly is. Take 26-year-old Chappell Roan. She began performing her song Pink Pony Club outside a Missouri park in 2017––now, in 2024, the dance hit has 300 million streams on Spotify.
These listmakers offer an array of perspectives, genre preference, and stylistic tools, but a common thread—originality and grit.
Take Noah Kahan, 27, whose unpolished stage banter and vulnerable songwriting style has made him a folk-pop wunderkind, with 28 million monthly Spotify listeners. He, too, is the overnight success story that was actually years in the making. He started uploading music to SoundCloud at eight years old, signed his first record deal at 17, and finally, come 2024, earned a Best New Artist Grammy nomination.
Elsewhere, artists like 25-year-olds Laufey and Samara Joy and 22-year-old Stephen Sanchez are distilling nostalgia through their own personal lenses, each breathing new life into hallmarks of jazz and Bossa nova, amassing legions of listeners in the process.
Behind the scenes, there’s Under 30 strategists and entrepreneurs who are spurring change in their own ways. Gregory Hirschhorn, 26, and his co-founders Bjarki Lárusson, 29 and Alex Silverstein, 27, launched their company Too Lost which lets artists distribute their music to Spotify, Apple Music, TikTok, Amazon, and Meta while keeping the majority of the royalty share. The cofounders reported $22 million in 2023 revenue and project a staggering $53 million by the end of this year.
Then there’s Zoe Wrenn, 27, the self-taught coder who’s created the startup Tamber to give artists an AI assistant that can brainstorm lyrics, come up with chord progressions, and mix beats. A song called “Hailey” she made on an older version of the software got 30 million streams and went No.2 on the Billboard Digital Chart in 2020. Then venture capitalists gave her $3 million to show AI can help, not replace, artists.
Meanwhile, there are the people working in roles beyond their years, like 29-year-old Lauren Marker, the youngest-ever vice president at Wasserman Music, one of the leading global agencies managing booking, touring, and partnerships.
In an industry that exists in a constant state of reinvention, it's the young founders and leaders bringing new tools and new perspectives.
For artists, though, success requires a different kind of patience. “All of these things I used to really try to force before — when you stop talking and start doing it, it starts working,” Shaboozey says. His 2024, at least, speaks for itself.
 This year’s Under 30 Music list was edited by Zoya Hasan and Mary Siroky. To view our complete Music list, click here, and see the full 2025 30 Under 30 package here.