Literally. Iconic.
It's the weekend before Halloween, which means that things are getting seriously spooky around here.
Yep, if you've been on a high street anywhere across the UK, you'll have noticed any number of Halloween outfits, including sexy witches, blood-soaked vampires and bearded werewolves, out and about. Everywhere you look, there's fake cobwebs, plastic skeletons and ghoulish decorations. 
With the 31st October falling on a Thursday, plenty of people are getting into the spirit early and marking the occasion — whether it's with spook-tastic parties or pumpkin carving — this weekend. 
And the Halloween vibes aren't just for us regular folks, even our fave celebs are getting in on the act. 
This includes none other than Anne Hathaway: aka our fave actress and the romcom star who has just announced she will be appearing in a third iteration of the iconic Princess Diaries film series. 
As well as delivering ah-mazing movie news, Anne is nailing Halloween. Posting a series of pics to Instagram, she unveiled a seriously iconic makeover. 
Rocking a t-shirt with the slogan "Boo York City" (a spooky play on "New York City", we presume) and a black leather motorcycle jacket, she can be seen wearing a white bobbed wig, dark purple lipstick, and white and grey face paint. Atop her head, she rocked a green crown — a clear reference to the State of Liberty. 
Either Anne is going for a ghostly State of Liberty OR a zombie version of Chappell Roan, dressed as the Statue of Liberty to perform at the Governors Ball. 
Either way, we're obsessed!
Megan Wallace (they/them) is Cosmopolitan UK’s Former Sex and Relationships Editor covering sexual pleasure, sex toys, LGBTQIA+ identity, dating and romance. They have covered sexuality and relationships for over five years and are the founder of the PULP zine, which publishes essays on culture and sex. In their spare time, they can be found exploring the London kink scene and planning dates on Feeld. 
Katy's Mad Men-esque fringe is an immediate yes
Meghan Markle looks gorge in makeup-free vid
Sweat-proof summer makeup sorted
Emma Chamberlain reveals her easy pixie hair hack
Rita Ora's gothic hair makeover is a must see
Zendaya's pixie cut is so Star Trek coded
This is the setting spray Katy Perry used in space
Addison Rae w/ neon pink hair = 😍😍😍
MAFS Awhina undergoes a darker hair transformation
Hailey and Kendall go makeup-free in Coachella vid
Learn all about PURESEOUL's third London store
Is Michael Fabricant's hair a wig? He reveals all
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.