(Photo by Monica Schipper/Getty Images for Coachella)
Billie Eilish dropped Casey Wasserman and the Wasserman Group after allegations surfaced that the talent management mogul was sexually involved with a number of his junior employees, according to the Daily Beast.
Eilish revealed she terminated the relationship with the agency after her performance at the Paris Olympics, according to the Daily Beast. Wasserman, a sports and talent manager and 2028 Los Angeles Olympics Chairman, is accused of having engaged in “serial” affairs with young women on his team. The allegations against Wasserman have yet to be tested in court, but Eilish was said to be “very upset” over the allegations and has reportedly shifted to rival agency WME.
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA – MARCH 10: (L-R) Finneas O’Connell and Billie Eilish attend the 96th Annual Academy Awards on March 10, 2024 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Marleen Moise/Getty Images)
The allegations made against Wasserman and his relationship with young female employees date back as far as 20 years in some cases, according to Variety.
Initial reports published by Daily Mail alleged the mogul “has had a chronic condition of sleeping with people who work for him.”
Eleven sources, including some alleged mistresses, came forward as part of their report.
Some accused Wasserman of showering them with Louboutin shoes, La Perla lingerie, handbags and luxury cars, before losing interest in them and dropping them entirely, according to Daily Mail.
UNIVERSAL CITY, CALIFORNIA – NOVEMBER 19: Casey Wasserman speaks onstage during the 2019 Team USA Awards at Universal Studios Hollywood on November 19, 2019 in Universal City, California. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
Eilish and Finneas are the first to publicly abandon their relationship with Wasserman amid the scandal, according to the Daily Beast.
“While grateful to their former live booking agents at Wasserman, Billie Eilish and Finneas O’Connell have opted to have film, TV and music handled by the same agency, WME, moving forward,” a spokesperson for Eilish told Variety.
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA – MARCH 10: (L-R) Finneas O’Connell and Billie Eilish perform onstage during the 96th Annual Academy Awards at Dolby Theatre on March 10, 2024 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
It’s unclear if the reported departure of the multi-award winning singer is going to set off a chain reaction of other high profile departures.
Wasserman is the grandson of famous media mogul Lew Wasserman and remains as the chief executive at Wasserman Group. He currently holds an impressive catalogue of stars, including music powerhouse Kendrick Lamar, Chappell Roan, and athletes such as Megan Rapinoe, according to Variety. (RELATED: One Of Music’s Biggest Players Calls It Quits Because Everyone Seems To Hate Him)
This story continues to unfold.
https://dailycaller.com/author/Leena/
TRENDING
©2025 The Daily Caller, Inc.
The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006
Subscription Type
Unlimited digital access to The Daily Caller
Premium Article: Subscribe for $1 to read the rest.

							Continue Reading
						
Already have an account?Login
A membership will get you:
Please create a free account to continue reading.

							Sign Up
						
Already have an account?Login
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service

I have read and agree to the Terms of Use
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Use


					With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of
								Service

$3.00
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$8.25
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$9.95
A Month
Cancel Anytime
$12.50
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
Honor Our Heroes Program: Verify your Active Military, Veteran, or First Responder Status for Additional Discounts
Readers,
Instead of sucking up to the political and corporate powers that dominate America, The Daily Caller is fighting for you — our readers. We humbly ask you to consider joining us in this fight.
Now that millions of readers are rejecting the increasingly biased and even corrupt corporate  media and 
					joining us daily, there are powerful forces lined up to stop us: the old guard of the news media hopes 
					to marginalize us; the big corporate ad agencies want to deprive us of revenue and put us out of business; 
					senators threaten to have our reporters arrested for asking simple questions; the big tech platforms want 
					to limit our ability to communicate with you; and the political party establishments feel threatened by our 
					independence.
				
We don't complain -- we can't stand complainers --  but we do call it how we see it. We have a fight on our 
					hands, and it's intense. We need your help to smash through the big tech, big media and big government blockade.
				
We're the insurgent outsiders for a reason: our deep-dive investigations hold the powerful to account. 
					Our original videos undermine their narratives on a daily basis. Even our insistence on having fun infuriates 
					them -- because we won’t bend the knee to political correctness.
				
One reason we stand apart is because we are not afraid to say we love America. We love her with every fiber of 
					our being, and we think she's worth saving from today’s craziness.
				
Help us save her.
A second reason we stand out is the sheer number of honest responsible reporters we have helped train.  We have 
					trained so many solid reporters that they now hold prominent positions at publications across the political 
					spectrum. Hear a rare reasonable voice at a place like CNN? There’s a good chance they were trained at Daily 
					Caller. Same goes for the numerous Daily Caller alumni dominating the news coverage at outlets such as Fox News, 
					Newsmax, Daily Wire and many others.
				
Simply put, America needs solid reporters fighting to tell the truth or we will never have honest elections or a 
					fair system. We are working tirelessly to make that happen and we are making a difference.
				
Since 2010, The Daily Caller has grown immensely. We're in the halls of Congress. We're in the Oval Office. 
					And we're in up to 20 million homes every single month. That's 20 million Americans like you who are impossible 
					to ignore.
				
We can overcome the forces lined up against all of us. This is an important mission but we can’t do it unless you — 
					the everyday Americans forgotten by the establishment — have our back.
				
Please consider becoming a Daily Caller Patriot today, and help us keep doing work that holds politicians, 
					corporations and other leaders accountable. Help us thumb our noses at political correctness. Help us train a new 
					generation of news reporters who will actually tell the truth. And help us remind Americans everywhere that there 
					are millions of us who remain clear-eyed about our country's greatness.
				
In return for membership, Daily Caller Patriots will be able to read The Daily Caller without any of the ads that 
					we have long used to support our mission. We know the ads drive you crazy. They drive us crazy too. But we need 
					revenue to keep the fight going. If you join us, we will cut out the ads for you and put every Lincoln-headed cent 
					we earn into amplifying our voice, training even more solid reporters, and giving you the ad-free experience and 
					lightning fast website you deserve.
				
Patriots will also be eligible for Patriots Only content, newsletters, chats and live events with our reporters 
					and editors. It's simple: welcome us into your lives, and we'll welcome you into ours.
				
We can save America together.
Become a Daily Caller Patriot today.
Neil Patel
Internal promotions, affiliate content, recommended content and spam will be embedded in their paid 
					content and players may still be included on the site.
				
CONTENT
CONTINUE READING FOR $120 $1
ALSO, ENJOY THE MANY BENEFITS OF PATRIOTS MEMBERSHIP