Jun 11, 2024 — 
Summer is upon us here in the North Country and with it comes another season of highly anticipated music festivals in Canada. NCPR will have boots on the ground taking in as many performances, food trucks, and craft beer stands as possible, with photos and reviews to follow.
Laufey will perform at the Ottawa International Jazz Festival. Photo by Dan Nawrocki. 
Kicking things off is the Ottawa International Jazz Festival June 21-30. Founded in 1980, the festival has grown into one of the preeminent celebrations of all things jazz in Canada. 
The festival will feature more than 100 performances at venues throughout Ottawa across its ten-day run, with headliners including Norah Jones, Laufey, and Parliament Funkadelic with George Clinton. While many concerts are ticketed, some are free and open to the public. 
Ottawa Bluesfest is a lot more than blues
Now in its 30th year, Ottawa Bluesfest will be held July 4-14 at Lebreton Flats in Ottawa. Although the festival began as a celebration of blues, it has since broadened its scope to become the second-largest music festival in Canada, and the third-largest music festival in North America, according to organizers.
50 Cent will perform at Ottawa Blues Fest. Photo by Dan Nawrocki. Neil Young and his band will perform at Ottawa Blues Fest. Photo by Dan Nawrocki.  
The ten-day showcase has brought some of the biggest names in mainstream pop, hip hop, reggae, rock, country and EDM artists to the capital region since its inception back in 1994. Performers this year include 50 Cent, Matthew Good, Neil Young and Crazy Horse, Nas, and Mötley Crüe. New at Bluesfest this year is the "Crazy Horse Saloon Experience," featuring live DJs, a mechanical bull, and a full-service bar.
Cutting edge music on an island in Montreal
The summer trifecta will be capped off with a trek up to Montreal’s Parc Jean-Drapeau for the Osheaga Music and Arts Festival on August 2-4. The annual three-day event is held in the heart of one of Canada's most vibrant cities and features a diverse array of musical talents spanning various genres, from folk to hip-hop to indie and pop. 
This year, Noah Kahan, Green Day, the Smashing Pumpkins, and SZA headline the main stage. A plethora of other artists also graces the stage, including Renee Rapp, Dominic Fike, Alvvays, and Chappell Roan. The hip-hop roster has a number of notable names, featuring Skepta, Denzel Curry, Teezo Touchdown, and T-Pain. 
Billy Corgan of the Smashing Pumpkins will perform at this year's Osheaga. Photo by Dan Nawrocki.  Alvvays will perform at this year's Osheaga. Photo by Dan Nawrocki. 
Osheaga has also booked a number of up-and-coming artists this year, including Wild Rivers, Olivia Dean, the Japanese House, and Planet Giza.
Beyond the music, Osheaga also offers other immersive experiences, from interactive art installations to a large variety of food trucks.
Norah Jones will perform at the Ottawa International Jazz Festival. Photo by Dan Nawrocki
NCPR provides this essential service.You provide your essential support.You put the "public" in this public service. Donations from you and your neighbors are a big part of what makes our quality journalism possible. Please make a donation now to support NCPR's continuing efforts to be everything you count on us to be.Donate Now