Jude Law in "Star Wars: Skeleton Crew." (Matt Kennedy / Lucasfilm Ltd.)
Here’s what’s coming to Netflix, Hulu, Disney+, Max, Prime Video, Peacock, Paramount+ and other streaming services in December.
Four kids search for their home planet after getting lost in the galaxy in "Star Wars: Skeleton Crew" (Disney+, Dec. 3), a live-action series co-created by "Spider-Man: Homecoming" director Jon Watts and starring Jude Law.
Keira Knightley is a spy on a mission of vengeance in "Black Doves" (Netflix, Dec. 5), an espionage series co-starring Ben Whishaw as an assassin who joins her quest.
The limited series "The Sticky" (Prime Video, Dec. 6), a dark comedy inspired by the real-life 2012 crime known as The Great Canadian Maple Syrup Heist, stars Margo Martindale and Jamie Lee Curtis.
Lisa Kudrow, Ray Romano and Linda Cardellini star in "No Good Deed" (Netflix, Dec. 12), a dark comic series of family secrets and real estate bidding wars.
The prequel series "Dexter: Original Sin" (Paramount+, Dec. 15) follows the development of the traumatized young Dexter (Patrick Gibson) into a serial killer with a code guided by his cop father (Christian Slater).
A rom-com with a body count, "Laid" (Peacock, Dec. 19) stars Stephanie Hsu as a woman who discovers her former lovers are dying in unusual ways and Zosia Mamet as the friend who helps her confront her past.
"Mary" (Netflix, Dec. 6) is a coming-of-age biblical drama following the flight of Mary and Joseph with the newborn Jesus when King Herod (Anthony Hopkins) sends men to hunt them down.
Angelina Jolie is Maria Callas in "Maria" (Netflix, Dec. 11), a drama from filmmaker Pablo Larrain that follows the final days of the iconic opera singer in retreat from the public spotlight.
Kerry Washington stars in "The Six Triple Eight" (Netflix, Dec. 20), Tyler Perry's war drama about the only Women's Army Corps unit of color to serve overseas in World War II.
Clint Eastwood's "Juror #2" (Max, Dec. 2) with Nicholas Hoult and Toni Collette received only a token theatrical release despite rave reviews. Its streaming debut will give many audiences their first opportunity to see it. Also arriving from theaters are Tim Burton's comedy sequel "Beetlejuice Beetlejuice" (Max, Dec. 6) and Blumhouse horror hit "Speak No Evil" (Peacock, Dec. 6) with James McAvoy.
Sabrina Carpenter headlines "A Nonsense Christmas" (Netflix, Dec. 6) with Chappell Roan, Tyla, Shania Twain and others, while Michael Bublé, Jimmy Fallon and Rebel Wilson join Jack Whitehall in "Jack in Time for Christmas" (Prime Video, Dec. 3).
Jack Black is not "Dear Santa" (Paramount+, now streaming) in the comedy by the Farrelly brothers. Other original holiday movies include the animated "SpongeBob & Sandy's Country Christmas" (Paramount+, Dec. 2); the animated "That Christmas" (Netflix, Dec. 4), based on the children's books by Richard Curtis; and comedy "A Sudden Case of Christmas" (Hulu, Dec. 13) with Danny DeVito and Andie MacDowell.
"One Hundred Years of Solitude: Season 1" (Dec. 11) is the first part of a multiseason adaptation of the Nobel Prize-winning Gabriel García Márquez novel from Colombia.
Taron Egerton is a young Transportation Security Administration agent battling a dangerous smuggler in the thriller "Carry-On" (Dec. 13) co-starring Jason Bateman and Danielle Deadwyler.
Returning shows include "Virgin River" (Dec. 19) and "Squid Game" (Dec. 26); on Christmas Day, two NFL games stream live.
The animated "Creature Commandos: Season 1" (Dec. 5) is a superhero series from the DC Universe that features a secret team of monsters recruited for missions deemed too dangerous for humans.
A French protection officer and a British MI6 agent team up to stop a terrorist attack in "Paris Has Fallen: Season 1" (Dec. 6).
Also arriving are all 20 seasons of the original run of the iconic procedural "Law & Order" (Dec. 16).
The adult animated anthology "Secret Level: Season 1" (Dec. 10) presents original short stories set within the worlds of 15 beloved video games.
"Dream Productions: Season 1" (Dec. 11), a spinoff of "Inside Out," follows the team that creates Riley's dreams.
The postapocalyptic drama "Earth Abides: Season 1" (MGM+, Dec. 1) follows a geologist (Alexander Ludwig) attempting to forge a new civilization after a global pandemic.
Sophie Turner is notorious British jewel thief Joan Hannington in "Joan: Season 1" (BritBox, Dec. 5), a drama based on a true story.
"White Lies: Season 1" (AMC+ and Sundance Now, Dec. 5) stars Natalie Dormer as a journalist uncovering corruption in the underbelly of extreme wealth in Cape Town, South Africa.
The Swedish thriller "Fallen: Season 1" (MHz, Dec. 10) sends a Stockholm police inspector (Sofia Helin) to head a cold case unit in Malmö.
"Last Summer" (Criterion Channel, now streaming) is the first film in a decade from French auteur Catherine Breillat, and Andrea Arnold's coming-of-age fable "Bird" (MUBI, Dec. 23) stars Barry Keoghan and Franz Rogowski.
Amazon Freevee is being phased out and its lineup added to Prime Video, where nonsubscribers can continue to stream select movies and series free with ads.
Rakuten Viki offers free access to 10 of the streamer's most popular K-dramas through the second week of December.

            Journalists at the Yakima Herald-Republic bring you timely, in-depth and credible local news.
            Your generous donation supports their work.
        
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
The Yakima Herald-Republic is hiring.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

                    Sign up to receive news and updates from this site directly to your desktop.
                

                    Click on the bell icon to manage your notifications at any time.
                
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.