Third time’s the “Charm.”
On May 23, alt-pop star Clairo announced to her 3.7 million Instagram followers that she will be releasing her third studio album “Charm” on July 12.
But wait! There’s more!
Six days later, the 25-year-old shared that she will conduct a pair of five-night, five-concert residencies at Los Angeles’ Fonda Theatre and New York City’s Webster Hall this September.
And while she teased us with the album’s slinky lead single ‘Sexy to Someone,’ we’re not teasing when we say that tickets to see her live in LA and NY can be scooped up as soon as today.
How much do they cost?
Well, at the time of publication, our team found some seats going for as low as $78 before fees on Vivid Seats.
Other shows have tickets starting anywhere from $81 to $127 before fees, based on our findings.
Therefore, we recommend that you don’t act “Softly” — hurry now to secure tickets to hear the live version of your favorite songs (and some new ones!) at reasonable prices before it’s too late.
Want to be the first to experience “Charm” live? 
Here’s everything you need to know and more about Clairo’s upcoming 2024 tour.
All prices listed are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all upcoming tour dates, venues, and the best ticket prices for all concerts can be found here. 
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Although there is no guaranteed set list, fans can hope to hear songs from her unreleased album ‘Charm,’ as well as favorites like “Sofia,” “Pretty Girl,” and “Bags” among others.
While we dream, let’s take a look back at what she took to the stage at her last full-fledged headlining gig back in October 2022, courtesy of Set List FM:
01.) “Bambi”02.) “Zinnias”03.) “Wade”04.) “North”05.) “Bags”06.) “Softly”07.) “Alewife”08.) “Blouse”09.) “Just for Today”10.) “Harbor”11.) “Reaper”12.) “Partridge”13.) “Joanie”14.) “Amoeba”15.) “4EVER”16.) “Flaming Hot Cheetos”17.) “Pretty Girl”18.) “Sofia”
Leading up to the release of “Charm” — due out Friday, July 12 — Clairo has released just one single.
Clocking in at three and a half minutes, “Sexy to Someone” shows off the enchanting singer’s hypnotic, soft vocals over laid-back trippy, neo-psych music. For our money, it’d fit right in on any hip Brooklyn restaurant’s dinner playlist.  
To hear if for yourself, you can find “Sexy to Someone” here.
Clairo isn’t the only icon taking her music to the people this year.
Here are just five more of our favorites that may be headed to you in the very near future.
• beabadoobe
• The Marías
• Suki Waterhouse
• Gracie Abrams
• Chappell Roan
Who else is out and about? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest artists in 2024 to find out.
For over 200 years, the New York Post has been America’s go-to source for bold news, engaging stories, in-depth reporting, and now, insightful shopping guidance. We’re not just thorough reporters – we sift through mountains of information, test and compare products, and consult experts on any topics we aren’t already schooled specialists in to deliver useful, realistic product recommendations based on our extensive and hands-on analysis. Here at The Post, we’re known for being brutally honest – we clearly label partnership content, and whether we receive anything from affiliate links, so you always know where we stand. We routinely update content to reflect current research and expert advice, provide context (and wit) and ensure our links work. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change.