By 

	Ethan Shanfeld


	“Saturday Night Live” has set its first batch of hosts for Season 50, including Ariana Grande, John Mulaney, Michael Keaton and more.

	Hosting for her first time, Jean Smart will open the season on Sept. 28 with musical guest Jelly Roll, followed by an Oct. 5 episode hosted by Nate Bargatze featuring songs from Coldplay.

	Grande will host “SNL” for the second time on Oct. 12 with musical guest Stevie Nicks. Keaton will visit Studio 8H on Oct. 19 with Billie Eilish, and Mulaney will host on Nov. 2 with “SNL” first-timer Chappell Roan.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					2025 NBA Playoffs Hold Promise of a Ratings Rebound 		
			














	
		
					Box Office: Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Rolls in With $31.5 Million Opening Day, 'Sinners' Scoring Another Superb Hold		
			








	Smart is fresh off her third Emmy win for the Max comedy “Hacks,” while the Grammy-nominated Jelly Roll, who performed at the Emmys, will be performing in anticipation of his new album, “Beautifully Broken,” out Oct. 11.




			Popular on Variety		






	Comedian Bargatze, who continues his “Be Funny Tour” through the fall, returns to the “SNL” stage after hosting in 2023. Coldplay will join him in the band’s eighth appearance as musical guest. The Chris Martin-led outfit will release its 10th album, “Moon Music,” on Oct. 4.

	Grande will lead “Saturday Night Live” ahead of “Wicked,” coming to theaters Nov. 22, as Fleetwood Mac icon Nicks returns after her first “SNL” performance in 1983.

	Keaton was last seen in “Beetlejuice Beetlejuice” opposite Jenna Ortega and Winona Ryder, and his next film “Goodrich” will debut in theaters Oct. 18. He’ll be joined by Eilish in her fourth stint as “SNL” musical guest, this time in support of her 2024 album “Hit Me Hard and Soft.”

	Mulaney, who was a writer on “Saturday Night Live” from 2008 to 2013, will host for the sixth time. The Emmy winner and stand-up comedian stars in the new Broadway play “All In: Comedy About Love,” opening Dec. 11. Roan, who blew up this year with songs like “Good Luck, Babe!” and “Hot to Go!,” will bring her energetic pop hits to Studio 8H for the first time.

	“Saturday Night Live” will celebrate its 50th season with a live primetime special on Feb. 16. The series airs on NBC at 11:30 p.m. ET and streams on Peacock.

	“SNL” is produced in association with Broadway Video. Lorne Michaels is the creator and executive producer.
The Business of Entertainment