Carpenter's "A Nonsense Christmas" special premiered Dec. 7 on Netflix.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Sabrina Carpenter and Chappell Roan teamed up for a holiday classic.

	In her new Netflix holiday special A Nonsense Christmas, which premiered on Friday (Dec. 6), the 25-year-old pop star invited special guest Roan for a festive duet of Wham!’s “Last Christmas.”

	Set in a scene evoking the aftermath of a lively holiday house party, complete with empty wine bottles and red cups scattered across the floor, the two friends performed the 1984 hit while reading the lyrics karaoke-style on a vintage TV. Carpenter wore a velvety green dress, while Roan sported a cozy winter coat. Watch a clip of the nostalgic here

	Wham!’s “Last Christmas,” written and produced by the duo’s George Michael, peaked at No. 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 2023.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Carpenter’s first-ever Christmas TV special also featured a host of surprise guests, including Tyla for a rendition of “This Christmas,” Shania Twain for a duet of “Santa Baby” and Kali Uchis, who joined Carpenter for a performance of “I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus.”

	The “Espresso” singer’s A Nonsense Christmas is a holiday variety show blending musical performances with comedic cameos. Carpenter also showcased songs from her 2023 seasonal EP, Fruitcake.

	“The holidays have always been so special to me,” she said in a statement leading up to the special. “I am excited to bring my take to a classic holiday variety show — infusing my love of music and comedy to make something that is uniquely me.”

	Ahead of the show, Carpenter released a spicy new remix of her fan-favorite track “Nonsense” from her Emails I Can’t Send album. In the festive remix, she puts a flirty twist on the lyrics: “Think I only want you under my mistletoe/ I might change your contact to ’Has a huge North Pole’/ You said you like my stockings better on the floor/ Boy, I’ve been a bad girl, I guess I’m getting coal,” she sings in the opening verse, later noting in the chorus that “Lookin’ at you got me thinkin’ Christmas.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.