Tonight, the “Femininomenon” herself, one Chappell Roan, blesses the 2024 Video Music Awards with not only her presence, but also a major performance. It caps off what has undoubtedly been the summer of Roan — and her genius glam trifecta of Dom Forletta on hair, Andrew Dahling on make-up, and nail artist Juan Alvear were on the ground at the UBS Arena to get her powdered, teased and painted for the evening.
“The inspiration came from Chappell and [stylist] Genisis’s medieval royal fantasy visions!” Dahling says. “The tones in her hair and dress really inspired the tones of the make-up. And the character really inspires every aspect.” The night’s glam was all M.A.C., starting with the singer’s iconic painted base. Dahling took a porcelain shade of Studio Fix Fluid 24hr Matte Foundation (not far off from Roan’s natural complexion) and the MAC Paint Stick in white, buffing it across her face. From there, pencil-thin brows were painted on to create a sharp expression, while coloured contact lenses created an almost vampire-like effect. (Hello, Victoria from Twilight.) On her lips was a deep wine-red stain (a combination of Velvet Teddy and Sin) concentrated at the centre of her mouth, which faded a bit as it bled out. “I wanted to create an ambiance of period make-up without being too costume, so matte finishes were better,” Dahling says. “I added highlights to the face to create an ethereal element to the make-up.”
For Roan’s signature red mane, Forletta transformed her Renaissance curls into a “medieval soft wave with intricate braids in the front and back of her hair,” he says. Bumble and bumble’s Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil collection was key to getting the look: Forletta used both the Primer and Long Last Styling Cream, as well as the Spray de Mode Hairspray, along with tool from Olivia Garden. “These products were crucial for reducing frizz and providing extra hold for the red carpet,” he notes.
The steel-coloured nails, shaped into sharp, dagger-like points by Alvear, perfectly accessorised Roan’s autumn/winter 2024 Y/Project sheer black dress with silver cuffs (and a sword).
This look was on the subtler side for the singer, who has dressed up as a sexy ass-out Statue of Liberty, wrestling royalty and both the white and dark swan from 2003’s Barbie of Swan Lake recently. But in a world where the star is having to set boundaries with inappropriate fans, this strong and stoic vibe makes sense. We can’t wait to see if (and how) she changes it up for her performance — all we have to say is “Good Luck, Babe!”
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast