Chappell Roan, Tyla, Nico Hiragua, Quinta Brunson and Cara Delevingne are among those set to appear
Sabrina Carpenter has revealed the list of guests joining her for her upcoming Netflix holiday special ‘A Nonsense Christmas’.
The show will see Carpenter perform songs from her 2023 Christmas EP ‘Fruitcake’, which includes a festive version of her 2022 hit ‘Nonsense’, and will be available to stream on Netflix on Friday, December 6 at 6pm EST (10pm GMT).
Earlier this year, she teased that she would be joined by musical and “comedic guests”, and today (November 19), she’s revealed the full lineup.
In a trailer shared to Instagram, Carpenter revealed she’ll be performing musical duets with Chappell Roan, Tyla and featuring cameos from guests Nico Hiragua, Quinta Brunson, Cara Delevingne, Kyle Mooney, Megan Stalter, Sean Astin, Owen Thiele and Jillian Bell.
The clip shows Brunson appear in a sketch parody of A Christmas Carol, where the Abbott Elementary creator and star takes on the role of Ghost of Present alongside Carpenter as the Ghost of Past. Check it out below.
A post shared by Sabrina Carpenter (@sabrinacarpenter)
“The holidays have always been so special to me,” Carpenter said at the time of the special’s announcement. “I am excited to bring my take to a classic holiday variety show — infusing my love of music and comedy to make something that is uniquely me.”
In other Carpenter news, she’s currently on the US leg of her ‘Short N’ Sweet’ tour, which so far has featured a handful of special guests.
Last week, she brought out Christina Aguilera for ‘What A Girl Wants’ in Los Angeles, and “arrested” Bottoms actress Rachel Sennott. “Do you want to go to jail, but like, in a cute way?” asked Carpenter before ‘Juno’ started. “I’m getting really flustered because I’m picturing our future together,” she said, before handing her pink fuzzy handcuffs.
Previously, Millie Bobby Brown was spotted at one of Carpenter’s shows in October and was also playfully arrested. “Millie, I’ve never fallen in love at a concert before, but stranger things have happened,” the singer quipped. “It’s so unfortunate we have to arrest you because you’re so beautiful. That sucks.”
The Grammy-nominee also recently announced the UK and European leg of her tour, which will take place next year with former NME Cover star Rachel Chinouriri as a special guest.
The shows kick off at 3Arena in Dublin on March 3, with further shows in Birmingham, London and Manchester – see all dates below and grab tickets here.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.