e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Some of the best marching bands from around the world gathered on the football field of Pasadena City College for the second day of Bandfest — an exclusive sneak preview of what the world will see and hear on New Year’s Day at the Rose Parade.
The morning session included performances from Pasadena City College Herald Trumpets, Pasadena City College Tournament of Roses Honor Band, the Lincoln-Way Marching Band, All Star Marching Band Mexico, Rancho Verde Crimson Regiment, Helsingør Pigegarde, 605 All-Star Band, and the University of Wyoming “Western Thunder” Marching Band.
Bandfest’s second day, coming off its first on Sunday, featured performances from several California high school marching bands, including Moreno Valley’s Rancho Verde Crimson Regiment and the 605 All-Star Band, representing the school districts of ABC, Belflower, and Norwalk-La Mirada located along the 605 freeway.
• See also: The Rose Parade marching bands have arrived in Pasadena. Bandfest at PCC proves it
The 605 All-Star Band is one of the largest marching bands the Tournament of Roses has hosted, bringing together eight high schools, seven cities, and three school districts, totaling 407 students.
The Mayfair High School Band Director Tom Philips brought the concept to unite schools to life before he retires next year.
The band drew lots of buzz and excitement from the crowd, as they passionately performed a rendition of the Beach Boys’ “California Girls” and pop star Chappell Roan’s hit song of the year, “Hot to Go!”
“I’m just so proud of her,” said Vivian Torres of Artesia, California, whose daughter, Samantha Torres, plays bass clarinet in the 605 All-Star Band.
• Also see: How the Rose Parade’s largest marching band is gearing up for a key moment: ‘the turn’
Torres said her daughter has been practicing non-stop, especially during her winter break, which included a seven-hour practice the day after Christmas. Yet the long hours and hard work will be worth all the while when her daughter, a high school senior, fulfills her dream of performing in the Rose Parade.
The marching bands playing at the Rose Parade spend countless hours in preparation for the big day, like the Rancho Verde Crimson Regiment. Band members spent 630 hours rehearsing and performing — well over the amount that a high school student would spend attending classes in an entire semester.
For some bands, just coming into the country was an obstacle.
Some performers from the All-Star Marching Band Mexico from Puebla, Mexico, faced some visa-related issues, but were ultimately able to perform, getting attendees out of their seats and dancing.
The band recruits some of the most talented musicians in Mexico, ranking as the best and largest band in the country. They even got to play in the Mexican Grand Prix, which is “one of the greatest honors that a band can have,” said Jim Hahn, the Tournament of Roses’ Music Committee advisor.
• See also: Rose Parade marching bands will be beating this company’s drum heads on Jan. 1. Meet Remo
Denmark’s Helsingør Pigegarde, or the Elsinore Girls Marching Band, also brought an international flare to day two of Bandfest. Combining traditional military music with modern tunes, the band brought the spirit of “hygge,” or a warm togetherness, to their performance.
One of the band’s youngest members, Victoria, who is 10 years old, stated that her favorite part of playing in the marching band is having a “fantastic friendship,” and affirmed that she is ready for the 5.5-mile march down Colorado Boulevard.
Some tributes to California and Hollywood movie magic were made by marching bands from across the country, such as the Lincoln-Way Marching Band’s performance of movie scores from the Golden Age of Hollywood.
The premier Illinois band represents students from three high schools from the south suburbs of Chicago, including Lincoln-Way Central, Lincoln-Way East, and Lincoln-Way West. The performance concluded with Lincoln-Way band members each holding up a letter to spell HOLLYWOOD, moving the crowd with their cinematic sounds.
• Also see: Rose Parade 2025 lineup: Your guide to every float, band and equestrian unit, in order
The University of Wyoming “Western Thunder” Marching Band, one of the only college bands to play in the Rose Parade, concluded the Monday morning session of Bandfest with a high-powered repertoire of California anthems, including Tupac’s “California Love,” The Beach Boy’s “Good Vibrations,” and The Mamas and Papas’ “California Dreaming.”
The band’s name, “Western Thunder,” became very apparent with their energetic performance of the historic “In Heaven, there is No Beer” or “Beer Song” for short, which can be heard at essentially any University of Wyoming game.
Bandfest, which once started as a pre-recorded television show, brings together an exciting live performance of some of the most mesmerizing marching bands around the world — who will come together to kick off the New Year at the annual Rose Parade.
Monday’s morning session was followed by a rousing Bandfest 3 afternoon session, featuring seven bands. It concluded two days filled with booming bass drums, tight snares, stunning brass sections, choreographed dance and some satisfied crowds.
Here was the lineup of performers on Monday.
Pasadena City College Tournament of Roses Honor Band & Herald Trumpets
The Lincoln-Way Marching Band
All Star Marching Band Mexico
Rancho Verde Crimson Regiment
Heisinger Pigegarde (Elsinore Girls Marching Band)
605 All-Star Band
The University of Wyoming “Western Thunder” Marching Band
Pasadena City College Tournament of Roses Honor Band & Herald Trumpets
Seminole High School. Warhawk Marching Band
United States Army Old Guard Fife and Drum Corps
Kyoto Tachibana High School Green Band
Los Angeles Unified School District All District High School Honor Band
Fresno State Bulldog Marching Band
Julianna Lozada is a freelance writer who writes for the Southern California News Group.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group