Chappell Roan has canceled two planned festival appearances at All Things Go this weekend as “things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it.” Roan’s announcement comes days after her various political statements have made headlines.
“I apologize to people who have been waiting to see me in NYC & DC this weekend at All Things Go, but I am unable to perform” read a Sept. 27 statement on her Instagram story.
Roan was scheduled to perform in New York and Washington, D.C.. on Sept. 28 and Sept. 29, respectively. The 26-year-old pop star’s rise to fame over the last several months has been meteoric. Her Lollapalooza performance in August reportedly broke an attendance record at the music festival.
“I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health,” she continued. “I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible. Thank you for understanding. … Be back soon.”
Roan has been open about setting boundaries with fans and prioritizing her mental health. Here’s what’s been going on.
The “Hot to Go!” singer told the Guardian why she won’t endorse Vice President Kamala Harris, the Democratic nominee for president. Roan is a huge supporter of the LGBTQ community and uses her platform to champion equality.
“I have so many issues with our government in every way,” she said in the interview published on Sept. 20. “There are so many things that I would want to change. So I don’t feel pressured to endorse someone. There’s problems on both sides. I encourage people to use your critical thinking skills, use your vote — vote small, vote for what’s going on in your city.”
Specifically, Roan said what she wants to see change in the U.S. this election year is “trans rights. They cannot have cis people making decisions for trans people, period.”
The internet quickly hopped on Roan’s quote “there’s problems on both sides” as she faced a wave of backlash.
In a TikTok video posted on Sept. 25, the pop star said her words were “completely taken out of context.”
“I have encouraged people to use critical thinking skills, learn about what they’re voting for, learn about who they’re voting for and ask questions,” she said, bluntly adding she’s “not voting for Trump.”
“I’m voting for f***ing Kamala, but I’m not settling for what has been offered, because that’s questionable,” she declared in a follow-up video. She reiterated that it still is not an endorsement of Harris.
“There are huge problems on both [sides]. You know what is right and wrong and so do I. F*** Trump for f***ing real, but f*** some of the shit that has gone down in the Democratic Party that has failed people like me and you — and, more so, Palestine, and more so, every marginalized community in the world,” Roan continued.
In the nearly four-minute video, the “Good Luck, Babe!” singer said she will not accept “this narrative” of her “playing both sides,” saying instead that she’s “critiquing both sides because they’re both so f***ed up.”
In the same Guardian profile, the author said it had “taken weeks to pin down Roan,” as the artist “was too fried to talk” after performing at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sept. 11. “Weeks of rehearsals, travel and social media controversies have kept us apart — and I get the impression that her team are prioritizing the precarious balance between work and self-care,” journalist Kate Solomon wrote.
When asked how she’s coping with fame, Roan replied: “I’m in therapy twice a week. I went to a psychiatrist last week because I was like, I don’t know what’s going on. She diagnosed me with severe depression — which I didn’t think I had because I’m not actually sad. But I have every symptom of someone who’s severely depressed.”
Some symptoms Roan says she has experienced include brain fog, forgetfulness, poor focus and “a very lackluster viewpoint.”
“I think it’s because my whole life has changed,” she added. “Everything that I really love to do now comes with baggage. If I want to go thrifting, I have to book security and prepare myself that this is not going to be normal. Going to the park, pilates, yoga — how do I do this in a safe way where I’m not going to be stalked or harassed?”
The artist has made it clear in multiple social media posts what she will and will not tolerate when it comes to fan behavior. It rubbed some people the wrong way.
On Aug. 19, Roan posted two TikTok videos where she called out “entitled” fans who exhibit “crazy” behavior and said it’s not “normal” to ask famous people for pictures on the street because you wouldn’t do it to “a random lady.”
Roan laid things out even more in an Aug. 23 Instagram post.
“For the past 10 years I’ve been going non-stop to build my project and it’s come to the point that I need to draw lines and set boundaries,” she began. “I’ve been in too many nonconsensual physical and social interactions and I just need to lay it out and remind you, women don’t owe you shit. I chose this career path because I love music and art and honoring my inner child, I do not accept harassment of any kind because I chose this path, nor do I deserve it.”
Roan had a message for critics who have the “you chose this” argument.
“If you’re still asking, ‘Well, if you didn’t want this to happen, then why did you choose a career where you knew you wouldn’t be comfortable with the outcome of success?’ — understand this: I embrace the success of the project, the love I feel, and the gratitude I have. What I do not accept are creepy people, being touched, and being followed,” she added.
She’s not slowing down. The singer has three back-to-back shows in Tennessee, Arkansas and Iowa as part of “The Midwest Princess” tour. She’s set to perform at Austin City Limits Music festival on Oct. 6 and Oct. 13.

Source link 
I'm an interactive digital experience bringing you the latest in fashion, music, entertainment, art and social media & technology. I was created in 2009 in the hopes of making your life more fun by giving you a media consumption experience unparalleled to any other.
Stories that matter with people who matter. Connecting you with the brightest lights in the entertainment and fashion industry. New issue below!