After last year’s ceremony in Newark, New Jersey, the MTV Video Music Awards are returning to New York’s UBS Arena. Opening with the 2024 VMAs red carpet at 6 pm E.T., the event, hosted by Megan Thee Stallion, will honor excellence in music with performances from Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Lenny Kravitz, and Katy Perry. Taylor Swift leads the nominations with 12 nods, while Post Malone trails behind with 11, and Eminem has eight. Meanwhile, Carpenter, Megan Thee Stallion, and Ariana Grande all netted seven nominations. Perry will be honored with the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award.
Last year’s red carpet included some noteworthy style wins, from Doja Cat’s barely-there spiderweb Monse dress to Olivia Rodrigo’s rhinestoned, body-conscious Ludovic de Saint Sernin. The sheer trend proved popular, with Emily Ratajkowski’s archival Jean Paul Gaultier and Megan’s Brandon Blackwood numbers fitting the bill. Elsewhere, Cardi B rocked cult favorite designer Dilara Findikoglu, while Nicki Minaj went bridal in Dolce & Gabbana.
With 40 years in the rearview, the VMAs have delivered on many a memorable fashion moment, from Janet Jackson’s overalls in 1993 to Gwyneth Paltrow’s oft-referenced red velvet Gucci suit by Tom Ford in 1996. And who could forget Pamela Anderson’s oversized furry pink hat in 1999 or Lil’ Kim’s singular pasty the very same year? Meanwhile, in this century, the VMAs gave us Lady Gaga’s inimitable meat dress.
Below, check out all of the red carpet fashion, outfits, and looks from the 2024 VMAs, and remember to check back throughout the night for live updates.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty