By 

	Thania Garcia


Sabrina Carpenter celebrated her six Grammy nominations from a tour bus earlier this morning and shared video clips of the moment.

	“Us on the tour bus this morning, take a shot every time we scream like fr headphone warning,” Carpenter captioned the videos on Instagram. She continued writing, “This is the first year I’ve watched the live stream where i heard my name! I’d be lying if i said i hadn’t dreamt about this day my whole life so i am filled with gratitude — Thank you @recordingacademy.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Celtics Sale Shows Media’s New Pot of Gold: Sports Teams as Mega-Brands 		
			














	
		
					FilmNation Boards Tomas Alfredson's Psychodrama 'Séance on a Wet Afternoon' Starring Rachel Weisz, Penned by 'Adolescence' Writer Jack Thorne (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	In the VHS-style videos, Carpenter celebrates her nominations for best new artist, album of the year and best pop solo performance category, noting that she’s in the same category as Beyoncé — “Beyoncé and Sabrina Carpenter?!” She jokingly calls herself “best old artist” since she’s already released six albums since launching her music career as a teen. “I don’t know how that’s possible,” she says with a smile.




			Popular on Variety		






	Carpenter received nominations for all four of the main categories — best new artist, album, record and song of the year — across genres. If Carpenter were to win all four, she’d be the first to do so since Billie Eilish in 2020. 

	Outside of the big four, Carpenter is also recognized in the pop categories for best pop solo performance for her piping hot single, “Espresso,” while its parent LP, “Short n’ Sweet,” is also up for best pop vocal album. She’s also the only artist nominated this year in both the record of the year and song of the year categories who received nominations for different songs — “Espresso” and “Please Please Please,” which also made Carpenter the first solo artist and second act overall to place two initial top-three hits with no other billed artists in the Top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 simultaneously.

	Following Beyoncé’s leading 11 nods, it’s Eilish, Kendrick Lamar, Post Malone and Charli XCX who have a four-way tie for the second-largest number of nominations this year, with seven noms each. Close behind with six nominations apiece are Taylor Swift, Chappell Roan and Carpenter.

	Carpenter’s collaborators also received nominations for “Short n’ Sweet” as best engineered album (non classical), and best remixed recording of “Espresso” by Mark Ronson and FNZ.

	See Carpenter’s post below.
A post shared by Sabrina Carpenter (@sabrinacarpenter)
The Business of Entertainment