Photo Credit: Ross Halfin
Amazon Music has announced a special performance from The Black Crowes, set to broadcast live from Brooklyn, N.Y.’s Music Hall of Williamsburg on March 15. The latest installment in the service’s City Sessions series will coincide with the highly-anticipated release of Happiness Bastards, The Black Crowes’ first album in 15 years. Kicking off the band’s 36-stop Happiness Bastards headline tour, this sold-out show engagement will debut selections from The Black Crowes’ new material alongside tried-and-true standards from their 30+ decade catalog.
Fans eager to experience this historic show can access the livestream via Amazon Music’s Twitch channel at 9 p.m. ET on March 15. This cast arrives as the 21st entry in Amazon Music’s City Sessions series, which has previously featured performances from Tim McGraw, Fivio Foreign, Milky Chance, Tyler Hubbard, Chappell Roan, Jelly Roll and more. The Black Crowes first connected with Amazon Music in 2022 through the exclusive 1972 EP, on which the band covered six rock standards from that legendary year, including The Rolling Stones’ “Rocks Off,” T. Rex’s “The Slider” and David Bowie’s “Moonage Daydream.”
After tramping off Music Hall of Williamsburg’s storied stage, the Black Crowes will erupt into their Happiness Bastards Tour, which will keep the band on the road through mid-June. The group will make its first stop at Nashville, Tenn.’s iconic Grand Ole Opry House on April 2 before bearing south to its home city of Atlanta for a show at Fox Theatre on the following evening. In April and early May, the band will carve a loop through the South, Southwest, Mountain West, West Coast, Northwest, Midwest and Canada before returning to the East Coast, then depart for a 14-show European run on May 14. After its tour, the band will hit the festival circuit, performing at Minnesota Yacht Club Festival, Jazz Aspen Snowmass and Sea.Hear.Now by the summer’s end. For tickets and more information on The Black Crowes’ 2024 touring schedule, visit theblackcrowes.com.
Tune to Amazon Music on Twitch to watch The Black Crowes on March 15.
Watch: Phish Become ‘Seinfeld’ Cast in New ‘Everybody’s Live with John Mulaney’ Sketch
Billy Strings Performs for Kids at Michigan’s Helen DeVos Children’s Hospital
H.O.R.D.E. Core: Phish, Blues Traveler, Widespread Panic & Aquarium Rescue Unit Revisit the Touring Festival
Listen: Bruce Springsteen Previews Unreleased Film Soundtrack ‘Faithless,’ from ‘Tracks II: The Lost Albums’
Daze Between New Orleans Day Two: Odes to The Allman Brothers Band, Meters and More
Listen: Van Morrison Shares “Cutting Corners,” Second Preview Single from ‘Remembering Now’
Listen: Warren Haynes Unveils Four ‘Million Voices Whisper’ Bonus Tracks, Including Classic Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young Cover
Copyright © Relix Media Group LLC.
All Rights Reserved.

Oniracom

1 Year. 8 Issues. Only $24.95