The Saturday Night Live vet shared some honest thoughts.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Saturday Night Live’s 50th season premiered this weekend as part of the 2024 TV schedule and, with it came a slew of big-name cameos, including the return of Maya Rudulph’s Vice President Kamala Harris impression. Jean Smart served as the host, kicking off the monumental season with a bang. Meanwhile, cast member Bowen Yang made headlines for what's since become a controversial Weekend Update appearance. Yang was accused of mocking singer Chappell Roan and has now responded to the backlash.
For those who haven’t streamed the premiere with a Peacock subscription, Bowen Yang joined Colin Jost’s side of the Weekend Update desk on Saturday. Dressed in a hippo costume, the comedian took on the role of Moo Deng, a pygmy hippopotamus from Thailand that went viral in September. The sketch revolved around Moo talking about the pressures she’s been under while trying to establish boundaries between herself and her fans. Many noticed that the speech was similar to one Chappell Roan gave her own fans earlier this month.
Roan devotees subsequently took to social media, criticizing the sketch comedy show and the Fire Island alum for seemingly making fun of the songstress' honesty and desire to protect herself. The Wicked star took to Instagram to defend himself from the criticism he received following the broadcast. On his IG story, he shared a screenshot of an article claiming he “mocked” the singer and captioned it:
Oh geez. “Mocks”??? If my personal stance and the piece aren’t absolutely clear in terms of supporting her, then there it is I guess. Everything she has ever asked for has been reasonable, and even then, we can connect it to another story about boundaries or whatever. Needing the hose rn….
Via his post, Bowen Yang showed support for the LGBTQ+ pop singer. He also did so in the sketch, during which he (acting as Moo Deng) implored everyone to leave the "Pink Pony Club" singer alone. It's also worth noting that Yang interviewed the pop singer in August for Interview Magazine.
The star's comments would seem to suggest that this is a case of social commentary disguised as a joke going over some people’s heads. What should also be further clarified is that Chappell Roan’s fans seemingly weren't mad at the sketch as a whole but at parts of it — like Moo Deng’s refusal to endorse a Presidential candidate. (Roan made headlines last week for voicing her election opinions.)
Neither Chappell Roan nor her team have commented on the sketch, as of this writing. With the pop star slated to appear as a musical guest later this season, it’ll be interesting to see if she and Bowen Yang address the criticism together in a cheeky way or choose to move forward without doing so.
Saturday Night Live returns with Nate Bargazte as host and musical guest Coldplay on October 5th at 11:30pm ET on NBC. And don’t forget to check out the upcoming SNL hosts and musical guests for the season.
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Danielle Bruncati is a writer and pop culture enthusiast from Southern California. She earned a Master of Fine Arts degree in Television Writing and Producing from a top film school. Her goal is to one day be the writer on a show/movie covered by Cinemablend, but for now, she's excited to be a Freelance Writer here. 
Danielle watches just about everything, but her favorite shows and movies often land in the YA and romantic comedy spaces. When she's not writing, she can be found wandering around Disneyland or hanging out with her laughter-hating corgi. 
Christopher Meloni Revealed F-Bomb-Filled Things People Yell At Him While Filming Law And Order On The Streets Of NYC: 'That Kind Of Blew That Take'
As Queen Latifah Shares Message For 'Ride Or Die' Fans After The Equalizer's Cancellation, Here's What We Know About The CBS Series Finale
Paget Brewster Shared The Story Behind A Wardrobe Mishap She Had While Working With Matthew Perry On Friends, And The 'Gentlemanly' Way He Handled It

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.