Photo: Getty Images
Chappell Roan may seem to be everywhere these days, but there's one place you definitely won't see her appearing — in a movie.
The "Good Luck, Babe!" singer didn't hold back on her thoughts about Hollywood while revealing she has turned down multiple offers to appear in movies, per Variety. Roan made the revelation while speaking to Saturday Night Live star and Las Culturistas co-host Bowen Yang for Interview magazine, declaring, "I say this with peace, and love, and blessings. Actors are f---ing crazy."
She expanded on her reasonings by saying she gets "so freaked out by film people" despite originally hoping to use her music career as a way to get into acting.
"I've been asked in the past couple of weeks, like 'You want the lead in XYZ?' and I'm like, 'No' ... Literally, no," she said. "I originally started doing music because I wanted to get my foot in the door for acting, and then I moved to Los Angeles, and I was like, 'F--- that.'"
Another reason that the "Pink Pony Club" sensation said she is saying no to movie offers is because the acting industry is "legitimately so scary" and out of her control.
"I can put out music whenever I want," she said. "I don't have to wait for a casting director to be like, 'It would be great if we cast you, and then we'll decide your schedule for the next three months."
Though Roan doesn't currently have any interest appearing in a movie, it's not fully out of the realm of possibility; however she said the role "would have to be really specific and really silly" and suggested she could "maybe do a cameo."
"I've been trained how to act, but it's the most stressful thing in the world to me," she said. "I would rather get arrested because I know how to operate myself in jail... Yeah. It would really have to be the right thing and the right timing."
The breakout pop artist, who released her debut album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess last year, catapulted to stardom this year and has consistently drawn in impressive crowds during performances at festivals like Coachella and Governor's Ball. She recently hit the stage at Lollapalooza in Chicago earlier this month in a reportedly record-breaking performance after organizers said the crowd watching her set was perhaps the biggest ever recorded at any Lolla festival.