e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition
Maira Garcia | (TNS) Los Angeles Times
Jean Smart, fresh off her latest Emmy win for “Hacks,” will be the guest host for the opening episode of Season 50 of “Saturday Night Live,” which returns to NBC on Sept. 28.
It’s the first time the actor has hosted the sketch show. Joining her in making their “SNL” debut will be musical guest Jelly Roll, the country and hip-hop artist whose latest album, “Beautifully Broken,” is out Oct. 11. (Jelly Roll also appeared at the Emmys, performing during the in memoriam segment.)
The following weeks will see a who’s who from the worlds of comedy, music and movies, including host Nate Bargatze on Oct. 5, who most recently hosted last season; Ariana Grande on Oct. 12, who appeared last season as musical guest; Michael Keaton on Oct. 19; and John Mulaney on Nov. 2, the final episode before Election Day on Nov. 4. Musical guests include Coldplay, Stevie Nicks, Billie Eilish and breakout pop star Chappell Roan.
The landmark season arrives in the midst of the presidential campaign between Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump, sure to be fodder for a series long known for its politically themed cold opens and parodies of major political figures. Maya Rudolph is reported to be playing Harris on the series this season, though the news hasn’t been officially confirmed by show representatives. Most recently, cast member James Austin Johnson has portrayed Trump.
“Saturday Night Live” has been an institution on late-night television, generating scores of comedy stars over the decades — Chris Rock, Adam Sandler, Will Ferrell, Tina Fey and Kristen Wiig among them — and numerous film spinoffs. The show aired its first episode in 1975 and has been under the helm of Lorne Michaels nearly its entire run. In 2025, NBC will mark the 50th anniversary of the series with a weekend-long look back that will culminate in a three-hour prime-time special airing Feb. 16.
However, the series has been criticized for its lack of diversity over the years, particularly when it comes to women of color and members of the LGBTQ+ community. Most recently, Punkie Johnson, who is Black and identifies as queer, Molly Kearney, the first nonbinary cast member, and Chloe Troast said that they would not be returning to “SNL” for Season 50.
Last week, “SNL” announced a new set of featured players joining the cast, including Ashley Padilla, Emil Wakim and Jane Wickline. Meanwhile, Marcello Hernández, Michael Longfellow and Devon Walker were promoted to repertory players.
_____
©2024 Los Angeles Times. Visit at latimes.com. Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group