Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Gemma Collins looked incredible this week as she shared some snaps from her Bank Holiday weekend, spending it in the sunshine with a Crete getaway.
The TOWIE legend - who recently went on a lifestyle overhaul - posted a bikini picture from the beach to her 2.2 million Instagram followers, looking out to the clear blue ocean. Donning a multicoloured, abstract design swimsuit, Gemma had a life jacket on over the top while she clutched a pair of binoculars.
Her blonde locks were damp from the beach as they fell freely into a tousled wave, while Gemma's tanned complexion was left natural as she beamed for the camera. In the caption, the star preached individuality as she expressed her love for singer-songwriter Chappell Roan.
Gemma has been spending the last few days in Greece and sharing updates with her fan base, including one as she headed out for a bike ride in the sun over the weekend. Wearing a white linen co-ord over swimwear, Gemma filmed herself whilst riding along the beach.
She wrote: "I never knew Greece was such an amazing place, happy bank holiday to all, I’m really enjoying my summer".
Gemma's trip comes as she has just returned from Sicily with her nephew, with the star revealing that the pair were “lucky to have survived” the intense storm at sea that took place near Sicily in the early hours of Monday 19 August. 
Currently, one person has been confirmed dead and six people are still missing after a luxury yacht named the Bayesian, owned by British tech tycoon Mike Lynch, sank after being hit by the tornado near the port of Porticello, which is close to Palermo. Fifteen passengers were rescued, including a British mother and her one year old daughter.
Gemma reassured her followers that she and 15 year old nephew Hayden were both fine with an Instagram post featuring her posing on a yacht in the Mediterranean. She wrote: “Holiday update. My heartfelt condolences to the people and families involved in the tragic disaster at sea in Sicily.”
“I was very lucky me and my nephew to have survived the storm at sea. I am shaken and returning to the UK tomorrow, god was on our side today. We was stuck for 4 hours can you imagine what was going through my mind. Thank you @bluediamondcruise for getting us back safely.”
She also shared a video from the boat, in which she and the crew were shown departing the port in sunny weather, with the caption “it started amazing.” A later clip showed them back at dock celebrating their survival in the pouring rain, and ended with a photo of Gemma and Hayden and the crew embracing while wrapped in blankets. “We made it back but very shaken,” Gemma wrote.