17 September 2024

Madison Beer thinks "a lot of people" misunderstood Chappell Roan's complaints about fame.
Madison Beer has supported Chappell Roan

The 'Femininomenon' hitmaker was met with some criticism when she called out "abuse and harassment" from "entitled" fans, and Madison has insisted the backlash was misplaced.

Speaking to NME magazine, she argued that "a lot of people have taken what [Roan] said wrong".

She added: "How I took it was she was talking about the people who do things that are inherently wrong, like sit outside of her house or follow her home from an event.

“You can’t do that to people, you have to allow people to be human.

"And I think we forget that people, like our favourite artists, are human beings at the end of the day.”

The 25-year-old star supported the idea of artists being able to set their own boundaries, and she dismissed the idea that Chappell - whose real name is Kayleigh Rose Amstutz - was being "ungrateful".

She said: "I don’t think she’s ungrateful for her fans. People have said, ‘You signed up for this. You have to deal with it now.’

"And I think that’s not true. Just because she makes music and people might like it, it doesn’t mean that she signed up for that.”

Madison urged people to "have more empathy", pointing to how Chappel was "got famous so fast" this year.

She added: "People forget this is probably also overwhelming as f*** for her... She’s a person, and now suddenly she has the biggest crowd at Lollapalooza.

"And it might not always all be positive, even if it’s always what you dreamed of and always what you’ve wanted."

In a series of TikTok videos last month, Chappell blasted fans for a certain "type of behaviour" towards celebrities and insisted it shouldn't be accepted by those living in the public eye.

In a series of videos on TikTok, she said: "I don’t care that abuse and harassment, stalking, whatever, is a normal thing to do to people who are famous.

“I don’t care that this crazy type of behaviour comes along with the job, the career field I’ve chosen.

“That does not make it OK. That doesn’t make it normal. That doesn’t mean I want it. That doesn’t mean that I like it.”

The 'Good Luck, Babe!' pop star insisted it's "weird" for fans to assume they "know a person" simply because they consume their art.

She continued: “I don’t want whatever the f*** you think you’re supposed to be entitled to whenever you see a celebrity.

"I don’t give a f*** if you think it’s selfish for me to say no for a photo or for your time, or for a hug.

“It’s weird how people think that you know a person just because you see them online and you listen to the art they make. That’s f****** weird. I’m allowed to say no to creepy behaviour.”
© 2025 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved.
duration : 0.08392s v4.2 - 2025-05-04 03:51:59