Something strange happens when an artist blows up in the social media age. Their fans begin to think they own a piece of the artist's success or, more precariously, they start to believe the artist owes them for their ascent. And that situation becomes tenuous for the newly popular artist — not too long ago, their actions and statements belonged only to themselves. We live in parasocial times.
That phenomenon has been unfolding online with Chappell Roan over the past week. As Mashable pointed out back in April, Roan quickly transitioned from a relatively small artist to the internet's favorite pop star in a short timeframe.
Recently, with that surge in popularity, a tense dynamic has emerged between Roan and her fans, primarily due to differing views on her public statements and the expectations of what fans feel they are owed. And, of course, the presidential election is involved, too. But it's clearly weighed on Roan, who has spoken openly about her struggles with mental health. Friday afternoon, she canceled a planned performance at New York City's All Things Go festival the weekend of Sept. 28.
"I am unable to perform. Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it," she said in a statement. "I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health. I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible. Thank you for understanding."
While Roan didn’t address it directly, backlash from parts of the internet may have contributed to the high-profile cancellation. The festival, however, was still well-attended and reviewed. The band MUNA covered Roan's "Good Luck, Babe!" while expressing their love for her. During Roan's original timeslot, local drag queens hosted a singalong to some of the pop star's biggest hits that ultimately turned into a giant dance party. 
The vibes at All Things Go were salvaged. Still, the incident has reignited conversations about boundaries, mental health, and the increasingly blurred line between supporting an artist and feeling entitled to them. Here's how it all began. 
The back-and-forth between Roan and her fans began in August when the singer called out "creepy" fan behavior. This marked a shift for an artist who had built her popularity, in part, by being highly relatable online.
To be fair, superfans often cross boundaries, seemingly forgetting that their idols are just people. Roan specifically took issue with fans following her and her family, demanding hugs or photos, and generally invading her personal life.
In essence, she expressed gratitude for the support and the community surrounding her work but made it clear that fans were not entitled to her time or physical affection.
"I don't agree with the notion that I owe a mutual exchange of energy, time, or attention to people I do not know, do not trust, or who creep me out — just because they’re expressing admiration," she said in August. "Women do not owe you a reason why they don't want to be touched or talked to."
The majority of the responses to this statement supported Roan. But, recently, things have gotten more complicated. 
Roan's election controversy began with an interview with The Guardian. She told the outlet that she did not "feel pressured to endorse someone" while saying there were "problems on both sides."
Now, if you know much about Roan, you'd likely understand she was criticizing Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris for not being lefty enough. Still, fans online were not happy with the quote because, by and large, her fans are left-leaning. Some accused her of equating Harris' issues to Donald Trump's or even being a "closet Republican."
Roan followed up with a pair of TikToks. In the first, she made clear she would not be voting for Trump and that she would always question people in power. Roan also noted that her music, shows, and actions have proven her support for liberal causes. Later, in a lengthier video on TikTok, she made clear she does not support Trump and would be voting for Harris. But she didn't feel the obligation to endorse a candidate because she had substantive issue with the current administration, namely its support of Israel in the war in Gaza. 
She said, in part: 
"Fuck Trump for fucking real, but fuck some of the shit that has gone down in the Democratic party that has failed people like me and you — and, more so, Palestine. And more so, every marginalized community in the world. So no, I’m not gonna put… I'm not gonna settle for what the options are that are in front of me, and you are not gonna make me feel bad for that. So yeah, I'm voting for fucking Kamala, but I'm not settling for what has been offered, because that's questionable."
She also said that she wasn't "playing both sides" but rather "questioning both sides" because that's all we have as options. Still, the reactions to Roan were mixed. Some felt that she talked down to her fans and that she had, in fact, played both sides.
Many folks, however, backed Roan, noting that she was stating her policies were left of Harris, and she didn't want to endorse a candidate that didn't fully represent her. Some people also felt that Roan was being held to a different standard than other public figures. 
The entire controversy overall shows how fans — especially those who engage in the more intense forms of pop star fandom — feel they deserve their stars to act exactly as they hope or align directly with their morals. 
Whatever her feelings on newfound fame and expectations, fair or not, it's unlikely Roan will be out of the spotlight anytime soon. While she pulled out of the festival, she remains slated to make her Saturday Night Live debut and to continue touring. 
In fact, SNL went as far as to satirize Roan in its Season 50 premiere. Bowen Yang played world-famous hippo Moo Deng on Weekend Update, delivering lines on her newfound fame that mirrored Roan's stance on "creepy" fans and the election. While some fans called out SNL and Yang for "mocking" Roan, it's clear that the sketch was a commentary on the pressures of sudden fame and how celebrities are treated like zoo animals — constantly on display, with fans feeling entitled to access their personal lives.
It's one thing to perform on SNL; it's another to be big enough to inspire a sketch. If anything, it shows that for the foreseeable future, Roan will remain near the center of pop culture. 
With that will come even more expectations from fans — but hopefully, for everyone's sake, the furor and controversy will calm down with time.
This article was originally published on Sept. 27. 

Topics
Music
TikTok

Tim Marcin is an Associate Editor on the culture team at Mashable, where he mostly digs into the weird parts of the internet. You'll also see some coverage of memes, tech, sports, trends, and the occasional hot take. You can find him on Bluesky (sometimes), Instagram (infrequently), or eating Buffalo wings (as often as possible).