Capital




                
                    Sonny Jay
                
                

4pm - 7pm


That's So True

                        

    
    Gracie Abrams
    

                    


Artists


                        
                            Olivia Rodrigo
                            



20 October 2024, 21:36

        
            By Sam  Prance
        
    
What times does the Guts tour end? How long is an Olivia Rodrigo concert? Everything you need to know about the stage times for Olivia Rodrigo's Guts World Tour and when it starts at the Qudos Bank Arena in Sydney, Australia and beyond.
Arriving late to an Olivia Rodrigo concert is a bad idea, right? Well, to save you any trouble, we've put together an extensive list of all the Guts World Tour stage times. From when the support act plays to when Olivia's on stage, we've got you covered.
If you've been anywhere near TikTok lately, you will have seen that Olivia Rodrigo's Guts Tour is one of the must-see events of 2024. Not only does Olivia perform a setlist of all her biggest hits and fan-favourite deep cuts but there's also incredible staging, outfits and vocals. In fact, Variety have even labelled it the "best rock tour" of the year.
But what time does Olivia come on stage and how long is Olivia performing for? Here's what you need to know about all the Guts Tour times. Whether you've got tickets or are hoping to watch a livestream, we're here to ensure you don't miss anything. 
Olivia Rodrigo vs. 'The Most Impossible Olivia Rodrigo Quiz' | PopBuzz Meets
Olivia Rodrigo has some iconic opening acts on the Guts Tour, so we recommend you arrive with a lot of time to spare if you want to see who is supporting her. If you just want to see Olivia, we advise you arrive an hour before she is due to take to the stage at 20:30. That way you should get through security and find your seat before she starts.
On dates where Olivia performs the full Guts World Tour setlist, the show is 1 hour and 40 minutes long. This means that the concert should end at around 22:10. However, this can vary depending on technical issues so please bare that in mind when attending. 
The first show in Thousand Palms, California started at 20:30 and ended at 22:05. The most recent show in Sydney, Australia started at 20:40 and ended at 22:30.
Olivia Rodrigo is set to perform four sold-out shows in Sydney, Australia on 17th, 18th, 21st and 22nd October with Benee supporting her. Olivia's stage times at the Qudos Bank Arena will be as follows:
Olivia is performing in closed arenas so there shouldn't be any weather delays. However, you can always contact the venue directly if you have any concerns. 
If you're looking for a livestream link to watch from the US, Olivia's performance is scheduled to start at 2:30AM (PT) and 5:30PM (ET). As for the UK, it's scheduled to start at 10:30 AM.
We will update this page if anything changes.
Following her four sold out shows in Sydney, Australia on 17th, 18th, 21st and 22nd October, Olivia will have a break before performing at festivals in 2025 and her two rescheduled Manchester dates on 30th June and 1st July. 
Bookmark this page and we'll let you know timings for each Guts World Tour concert as and when they happen.
Chappell Roan Breaks Down Every Song On 'The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess' | Making The Album
See more Featured Artists