Sabrina Carpenter is all set to dazzle audiences with her upcoming Netflix Christmas special, both starring in and producing the festive treat.
Titled A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter, the show will stream this December, offering fans a close-up of their beloved idol.
With the guest lineup now confirmed, the stage is set for mesmerising performances. Not only will Sabrina charm viewers with tracks from her holiday EP 'fruitcake', but she'll be sharing the spotlight in some unforgettable duets alongside artists like Chappell Roan, Tyla, Shania Twain, and Kali Uchis.
Other stars making an appearance on the special include Nico Hiraga, Quinta Brunson, Cara Delevigne, Kyle Mooney, Megan Stalter, Sean Astin, Owen Thiele, and Jillian Bell.
Produced under her At Last Productions banner, in collaboration with OBB Pictures, Sabrina has taken the creative helm of the project, reports the Mirror.
In conversation with Tudum about the special, she expressed her excitement: "The holidays have always been so special to me."
Her aspirations for the program are high, as she aims to create a holiday variety show infused with her passions: "I am excited to bring my take to a classic holiday variety show - infusing my love of music and comedy to make something that is uniquely me."
The first official trailer released by the streaming giant on Tuesday (November 19) hints at a delightful experience for subscribers.
The announcement has sparked a wave of anticipation among fans, with the comments section on YouTube brimming with enthusiasm for what promises to be an enchanting holiday special.
One fan enthused: "Not only is Sabrina singing Christmas songs in beautiful outfits but duets with CHAPPEL AND TYLA! ! We are being FED this Christmas! ".
Another shared their thoughts saying: "Sabrina's management has been killing it this years and she has a fully formed brand now Christmas special are often so generic but this feels fresh and fun excited for this."
And a third exclaimed: "YES I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS! First a Guts movie, and now this? ! Netflix is FEEDING us! ! Have a merry nonsense, short n' sweet Christmas everyone! ! ".
Following the success of her 'Short N Sweet' album, Sabrina has enjoyed an incredible year with a sold-out US tour and no less than eight Grammy nominations.
A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter airs on Netflix on Friday, December 6
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.