By
			
			Kim Stempel		

Season 33 of Dancing with the Stars is off to a magnificent start. The cast is stacked with athletes, actors, reality stars, and two Olympians. The opening number was fire and new pro Ezra Sosa is in the building! Plus, fan-favorite Witney Carson returned to the ballroom after taking one season off.  
For their first dance, the competitors danced to their personal theme songs. Overall, it was an entertaining show. The scores seemed a bit higher than they usually are for first dances. Ten dancing duos had scores of 18 and above. And I loved how many celebrities turned in solid performances, despite the first-night jitters.
However, there were a few couples who stood out, but for different reasons. Some couples were technically proficient, while others simply brought a “wow” factor. Let’s take a look at the six DWTS Season 33 contestants to watch out for.
NBA champion Dwight Howard and Daniella Karagach served up a spicy salsa. Their routine was set to Dwight’s theme song, Montell Jordan’s hit, This Is How We Do It. This pairing has a big obstacle to overcome, and that is Dwight’s height! While he is 6 ft, 11 inches, Daniella is a short and sweet 5 ft, 3 inches.
For her choreography, some elements of certain dances will need to be altered. As you may recall, Daniella took home the Mirrorball with Iman Shumpert, but he was shorter than Dwight.
But this twosome set the dance floor ablaze with their fun routine. Dwight’s enthusiasm and charisma lit up the ballroom, and he moved well. It seemed a bit odd at first to see them paired together, but after a second, I was just enjoying their performance.
Daniella and Dwight received 22 out of 30 from the judges. I have a feeling that some dances are going to be really tough for them. But I think that these fan favorites are going to go far in the competition.
Olympian Ilona Maher is formidable on the rugby field and in the ballroom. She and partner Alan Bersten danced a Cha-Cha to Man! I Feel Like A Woman! by Shania Twain. You could tell that Ilona was nervous at the beginning of the routine. Of course, performing in front of a live audience is nerve-wracking, even for some professionals.
However, once Ilona started to relax, she did a great job. It was flirty and sexy, and she had good chemistry with Alan. The judges praised her technique and urged her to be more confident. I felt that once her nerves settled down, viewers could see her confidence start to build.
The couple received 18 out of 30 from the judges. In my opinion, as the season goes on, viewers will see more of Ilona’s spunky and sassy side. Plus, she has determination and a strong work ethic, which are crucial for contestants with no dance experience. She has a great deal of potential and could make it to the finals.
Actress Chandler Kinney and Brandon Armstrong performed an amazing Tango to Hot to Go! by Chappell Roan. She has dance experience, but not ballroom. What she does have is musicality, charisma, and a great frame.
Judge Bruno Tonioli said, “Taking on this tango on week one … I’ve done this show for a very long time … Oh my god. Was one of the best.” Then Judge Carrie Ann Inaba weighed in. “That was amazing. You have set the standard for Season 33,” she stated.
Their Tango earned the duo 23 out of 30, and they grabbed the top spot on the leaderboard. Chandler’s performance ability is also another tool in their DWTS toolbox. They are the early front-runners, but with so many good dancers, anything can happen. Still, Brandon is in the hunt for his first Mirrorball Trophy, and he must feel good about this pairing.
Bachelor star Joey Graziadei was paired with Jenna Johnson, and they were the first couple to hit the dance floor. Their country-flavored Cha-Cha, set to Tyler Hubbard’s song, Dancin’ in the Country, was a hit with the judges and audience.
I was surprised by Joey’s natural ability on the dance floor. He claimed that he gives off “Golden Retriever energy” instead of sex appeal. However, Jenna convinced him to open up his shirt, showing off his abs.
This couple has a fun and flirty connection, which is what also makes them interesting to watch. The judges awarded them 21 out of 30, which was a solid score. That landed Jenna and Joey in third place on the leaderboard.
Meanwhile, Joey is already planning on recycling what he learns on DWTS for his wedding dance with his fiancée, Kelsey Anderson. After watching this Cha-Cha, we know he won’t disappoint their guests.
Real Housewives of Atlanta star Phaedra Parks was partnered with Val Chmerkovskiy. He took home The Len Goodman Mirrorball Trophy last season with Xochitl Gomez. While Phaedra has tons of reality TV experience, she has no dance experience. But she is ready for the challenge.
Phaedra and Val danced a sizzling Cha-Cha to I’m Every Woman by Whitney Houston. They added a nod to Phaedra’s stint on The Traitors in the opening, which I appreciated.
Now, Phaedra wears many hats as an attorney, mortician, and reality TV personality. But I didn’t expect her to be so comfortable in the ballroom. She was lively and entertaining.
While it wasn’t a perfect performance, Phaedra made it clear that she would put in the work to learn this new skill. This duo nabbed 19 out of 30, and I believe that they will continue to improve. Plus, Phaedra wants to be the first Real Housewives star to make it to the finale. Or even win the competition. I know better than to count Phaedra out!
Olympian Stephen Nedoroscik, affectionately known as “pommel horse guy,” was paired with Rylee Arnold. Their Jive to Queen’s hit, Don’t Stop Me Now, was full throttle the entire routine. It was filled with infectious energy and gymnastic moves. In the end, it just made me smile.
Plus, Stephen showed off his personality and embraced his self-proclaimed nerdiness. Overall, it was a joyful routine. The first male gymnast on the show needs to refine the details, like pointing his toes.
Still, it was a great first performance. The couple scored 21 out of 30 points. I think that Stephen’s discipline and personality, along with his athletic ability, give him an edge in this competition. That is why Stephen is one of the DWTS Season 33 contestants to watch out for.
Dancing with the Stars airs on Tuesdays at 8/7c on ABC and Disney+.
TELL US – DO YOU THINK THAT THESE ARE THE SIX DWTS SEASON 33 CONTESTANTS TO WATCH OUT FOR?
Kim has been covering television entertainment since 2013. She is addicted to Real Housewives, Pump Rules, Dancing with the Stars, and many more shows. As Staff Writer, she writes news, recaps, and features for Reality Tea.
Share article