The scene at the WYRK Taste of Country on Friday, June 21, 2024, at Sahlen Field.
Country music fans wait in line for the WYRK Taste of Country at Sahlen Field.
Chayce Beckham, winner of the 19th season of the singing reality show "American Idol," performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
A young country music fan listens to Chayce Beckham.
Kensie Marra cheers for Chayce Beckham.
Chayce Beckham performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
The guitar picks of Chayce Beckham.
A beer is raised as Chayce Beckham performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
Chayce Beckham salutes the crowd.
Chayce Beckham plays his acoustic guitar.
Collins Obinna Chibueze, known by his stage name Shaboozey, performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
Shaboozey performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
The Crocs worn by Shaboozey.
Country music fans sing and cheer for Shaboozey.
Kensie Marra dances with Shaboozey.
Shaboozey performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
Kensie Marra, 9, dances with Collins Obinna Chibueze, known by his stage name Shaboozey.
A cowboy hat is held looking for an autograph from Shaboozey.
Shaboozey dances on stage.
A country music fan shoots a video of Shaboozey.
A country music fans cheers for Shaboozey.
Shaboozey performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
Shaboozey performs from the front of the stage.
A country music fan looks for an autograph from Shaboozey.
A country music fan cheers on Shaboozey.
A hand rises as Chris Janson performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
The boots of Chris Janson.
Chris Janson performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
Country music fans cheer as Chris Janson performs.
Chris Janson performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
Chris Janson jumps from a piano as performs.
Country music fans cheer as Chris Janson performs.
Chris Janson acknowledges the Sahlen Field crowd.
An overall as Chris Janson performs at the WYRK Taste of Country at Sahlen Field.
An overall as Chris Janson performs.
Country music fans listen as Chris Janson performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
An overall as Chris Janson performs.
A giant beach ball flows thru the crowd as Jon Pardi performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
Jon Pardi performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
Jon Pardi performs.
Jon Pardi lifts a boot as he performs.
Jon Pardi strums away at the WYRK Taste of Country.
The cowboy boots of Jon Pardi.
Jon Pardi performs at the WYRK Taste of Country.
Jon Pardi performs at twilight.
Jon Pardi performs his set at the WYRK Taste of Country.
A country music fan cheers as Jon Pardi performs.
Old Dominion featuring Trevor Rosen on guitar.
Old Dominion featuring Trevor Rosen and Matthew Ramsey on guitar perform at the WYRK Taste of Country.
Old Dominion featuring Trevor Rosen and Matthew Ramsey on guitar.
Old Dominion featuring Trevor Rosen on guitar.
Old Dominion featuring Matthew Ramsey on lead vocals.
Old Dominion featuring Matthew Ramsey.
Staff Photographer
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.