Sabrina Carpenter fans can get into the Christmas spirit as the singer’s new festive special debuts this weekend. A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter sees the Espresso star perform songs from her 2023 Christmas-themed EP, ‘Fruitcake’, alongside duets with some big names.
The film’s official synopsis reads: “It’s a nonsense holiday and we’re so here for it. In this special with musical guests, pop icon Sabrina Carpenter will perform songs from her holiday EP ‘Fruitcake’ and other iconic chart-topping holiday covers. This special will also feature show-stopping music performances, comedic guests, unexpected duets, plus many more surprises and fun cameos.”
A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter is streaming from 2am on Saturday, December 7, exclusively on Netflix, which is included with Sky’s new £15 TV and Netflix bundle. Sky’s Essential TV plan includes more than 100 channels like Sky Atlantic, plus subscriptions to Netflix and Discovery+ with a Sky Stream box, the new gadget that streams live and on-demand content to the TV without a traditional satellite dish.
READ MORE: You can still get Sabrina Carpenter UK tour tickets– here's how with prices under £200
READ MORE: New Sky alternative offers you a vastly cheaper way to watch TV and Netflix
In the new special, Carpenter will perform duets with Chappell Roan, Tyla, Shania Twain and Kali Uchis. It will also feature guest appearances from Nico Hiraga, Quinta Brunson, Cara Delevingne, Kyle Mooney, Megan Stalter, Sean Astin, Owen Thiele and Jillian Bell.
Sabrina Carpenter fans can stream 'A Nonsense Christmas' with Sky's new £15 TV and Netflix bundle.
The Essential TV plan includes more than 100 Sky channels including Sky Atlantic, plus subscriptions to Netflix and Discovery+.
Speaking to Netflix ahead of the film’s launch, Carpenter said: “The holidays have always been so special to me. I am excited to bring my take to a classic holiday variety show – infusing my love of music and comedy to make something that is uniquely me.”
A Nonsense Christmas comes ahead of the singer’s Short n’ Sweet tour, which will see her perform a string of dates across the UK in March 2025, including London’s The O2 and Manchester’s Co-op Live Arena, with resale tickets available here. Short n’ Sweet – the singer’s sixth album featuring the number one single, Espresso – broke records when it was released earlier this year.
It saw Carpenter become the first female in history to score both the UK’s number one album and single simultaneously while also dominating all three top positions on the Official Singles Chart with Taste, Please Please Please and Espresso, as per the Official Charts Company. The album sold 89,000 units in its first week, marking the second-biggest opening week of the year so far, behind only Taylor Swift’s Tortured Poets Department.
Elsewhere, Disney+ is home to a raft of music films and documentaries, including the recently released Beatles ‘64 and the upcoming Elton John: Never Too Late. A Disney+ subscription now starts at £4.99 for the Standard with Ads plan, with members able to save up to £25.98 by paying for year up front on the Standard or Premium plan, bagging 12 months for the price of 10.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.