Chappell Roan has pulled out of her upcoming performances at a festival in the US following an ‘overwhelming’ few weeks.
The Good Luck, Babe! singer was slated to appear at both dates of All Things Go this weekend, hitting the stage in New York on Saturday before popping up in Maryland on Sunday, alongside Renee Rapp, Janelle Monae, Hozier and Conan Gray.
Taking to Instagram, the 26-year-old – real name Kayleigh Rose Amstutz – shared a message on her story, explaining her decision for withdrawing from the line-up.
‘I apologize to people who have been waiting to see me in NYC and DC this weekend at All Things Go, but I am unable to perform,’ she began. ‘Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it.
‘I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health. I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible.
‘Thank you for understanding. Be back soon xox.’
Right on cue, fans rushed to offer their support to the music icon across social media, urging her to keep putting herself first.
Reddit user HipsterHeaven said: ‘She needs a long break. This sudden meteoric rise to stardom is too much for anyone to handle.
‘It’s important to remember that Chappell has been around for ages (Pink Pony Club came out 4 years ago in 2020). She never expected this level of rapid and extreme popularity in her wildest dreams. I can’t even imagine how overwhelmed she is right now dealing with it all.’
HereforRDPR agreed: ‘I feel terrible for her and I hope she takes the space she needs. The outrage cycle is ruthless and unfair.’
We support you Chappell Roan pic.twitter.com/LmNgwY2MlP
‘Yeah, I feel terrible for her,’ _violet_skies replied. ‘She’s been very vocal about how she’s struggling and people just continue to pile on.’
As Glittertherave shared: ‘I really hope she is able to disconnect from social media and focus on her mental health.
‘It’s clear that she’s been struggling with the sudden success and therefore, the increased fame and all that has come along with it. I’m sure the recent weeks has made it all the more worse for her.’
An official statement from the festival organizers added: ‘We’re heartbroken to announce that Chappell Roan will no longer be performing at this year’s festivals.
‘While we know how much you were looking forward to the performances, it’s important to remember that health and wellbeing always comes first.
‘All Things Go strongly supports artists prioritizing their wellbeing and we ask our community to really around Chappell Roan with love and understanding. Let’s continue to show the world that music fans support not just the art, but the artists themselves.’
Chappell has had a whirlwind few months after shooting to worldwide fame – despite signing her first record deal in 2017, her debut album, The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, was released last year and gained a huge cult following.
In the last few weeks alone, she has joined Olivia Rodrigo on stage, smashed her incredible performance at the VMAs and taken home her first award at the annual ceremony, and appeared in front of sell-out crowds in London.
She also made headlines after canceling a string of tour dates in Europe with just 48 hours’ notice, and clashing with a photographer on the red carpet at the MTV bash.
The Hot To Go singer has been open about her struggles with the spotlight, and speaking to The Face, she explained that she has no issues with turning her back on the music industry if it becomes too much.
Unpacking a recent encounter with two fans who verbally harassed her at an airport, she told the outlet: ‘I told myself, if this ever gets dangerous, I might quit.
‘It’s dangerous now, and I’m still going. But that part is not what I signed up for.’
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Oscar nominee reveals she wants to be in James Bond – but on one condition
Arrow
MORE: Will Ferrell: ‘It’s good viewers see me stumble over awkward questions to my trans friend’
Arrow
MORE: ‘Disturbing’ 90s thriller gets huge Hollywood remake 32 years after release