Shania Twain is going out with a bang.
The Canadian superstar just announced the final leg of her ‘Queen of Me Tour’ that will send her to seven venues all over the U.S. next summer.
To kick off the run, she’s slated to headline at Buffalo’s Darien Lake Amphitheater on Saturday, July 19 and Saratoga Springs’ Saratoga Performing Arts Center on Sunday, July 20.
“After two years of sold out shows and unforgettable memories it feels right to close the queen of me tour era with a big celebration so I’ve added some extra bonus shows in Summer 2025!!” the 59-year-old shared on Instagram.
In addition to the newly-announced dates, Twain will also play nine shows at Las Vegas’ Planet Hollywood in January and February 2025 and then a handful of gigs in Canada before beginning the short U.S. trek.
Fans can purchase tickets for all upcoming Shania Twain shows on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale for her July and August 2025 ‘Queen of Me’ shows in the U.S. is Friday, Dec. 20.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all concert dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.
What will Shania play at the show closest to you?
Well, based on our findings, she seems to stick to a pretty tight script at her Vegas residency gigs.
Although we’re not sure what she’ll take to the stage this summer, here’s what she played at Planet Hollywood on Dec. 7, according to Set List FM.
01.) “Don’t Be Stupid (You Know I Love You)”02.) “You Win My Love”03.) “Waking Up Dreaming”04.) “Up!”05.) “I’m Gonna Getcha Good!”06.) “You’re Still the One”07.) “No One Needs to Know”08.) “Forever and for Always”09.) “Come on Over”10.) “Any Man of Mine”11.) “Giddy Up!”12.) “Santa Claus Is Comin’ to Town” (Harry Reser and His Orchestra cover)13.) “Santa Baby” (Eartha Kitt cover)14.) “Whose Bed Have Your Boots Been Under?”15.) “Any Man Of Mine”16.) “From This Moment On”17.) “That Don’t Impress Me Much”18.) “Rock This Country!”19.) “(If You’re Not in It for Love) I’m Outta Here!”20.) “Man! I Feel Like a Woman!”
On Dec. 6, Sabrina Carpenter put out her “A Nonsense Christmas” Netflix special. The 50-minute extravaganza features special guests Chappell Roan, Kali Uchis, Cara Delevigne, Quinta Brunson and, yes, Shania Twain.
The pair duet on a sweet and sultry — if a bit country — rendition of “Santa Baby.” If you’d like to see, you can find the twosome perform together here.
Shania Twain isn’t the only mega country star touring North America this year and next.
Here are just five of our favorite acts on the road in the near future.
• LeAnn Rimes
• Jo Dee Messina
• Reba McEntire
• Kelsea Ballerini
• Carly Pearce
Want to see who else is on tour? Check out our list of all the 2025 Grammy nominees on tour to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change