Because "Training Season" with a full orchestra is truly life-changing.
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Dua Lipa is rounding out her huge year with a live performance special just in time for the holidays. After hitting several career milestones upon the release of her third album Radical Optimism—including *another* Carpool Karaoke holiday special alongside fellow pop pioneers Lady Gaga and Chappell Roan—Dua is reimagining all her hits like never before. The Grammy winner performed at London's iconic Royal Albert Hall with chic floor-length gowns, a 14-piece choir, the 53-piece Heritage Orchestra, and a special appearance from Elton John.  
Between the pre-recorded performances, the "Houdini" hitmaker gave fans an intimate look into the pivotal moments that have shaped her life and career so far, from "life-changing" NYC trips to holiday memories from her childhood in London. That being said! It's truly the perfect musical addition to all our upcoming holiday celebrations. Here's how to watch and stream An Evening With Dua Lipa.
The hour-and-a-half special originally aired on CBS on December 15, but is also available for streaming on Paramount+ right now. 
Subscriptions for Paramount+ Essential start at $7.99 per month/$59.99 per year while Paramount+ with SHOWTIME subscriptions start at $12.99 per month/$119.99 per year. Already have cable? You can also watch by logging into your provider at CBS.com.
Stream on Paramount+ Watch on CBS.com
Of course, Dua's special has a live album to go along with it. In fact, the pop star actually dropped the Dua Lipa Live from the Royal Albert Hall—which includes new songs from Radical Optimism, as well as fan-faves like "Be the One" and "Dance the Night"—ahead of the premiere of An Evening With Dua Lipa. 
You can stream across platforms like Apple Music and Spotify here, or if you want to commemorate the occasion with a physical copy, you can shop CDs and vinyl, too.
Streaming Vinyl CD
So... Why Is Lorde’s Album Called ‘Virgin’?
Lorde Gushes About Charli’s Inspo for New Album
The 11 Podcasts You Need To Listen to in 2025
Time to Cure Your FOMO and Buy Beyoncé Tickets
Tap Into Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Setlist
Charli XCX Isn’t Ready to Let Go of ‘Brat’ Summer
Madison Beer Shows Support for Justin and Hailey
Benson Boone’s “Moonbeam Ice Cream” Song Is Here
What Zara Thinks of Those Xtina Comparisons...
Fans Weigh In on Addison Rae’s Name Change
Time to Tap Into Lorde’s “What Was That” Lyrics
Lorde Debuted “What Was That” With Fans in NYC
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.