St Albans-based band, Enter Shikari, are set for a main stage return at one of the UK's most famous festivals.


  The rock group are going to light up the crowd at Reading and Leeds Festival in 2025, just six years on from their slot on the BBC Introducing music stage.


  They join Becky Hill and Conan Gray as sub-headliners to Bring Me the Horizon on the Sunday at Leeds Festival and Saturday at Reading Festival.


  A post by the band on Instagram following the announcement read: "We’re back on the main stage @officialrandl in August 2025! 🔥"


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by enter: shikari (@entershikari)






A post shared by enter: shikari (@entershikari)


  In what has been a sharp rise to fame, Enter Shikari have put St Albans on the map through their music, always sticking to their roots and supporting the community - also sponsoring St Albans City football club.


  All four members, Chris Batten, Rou Reynolds, Rob Rolfe and Rory Clewlow, went to school in the area and three still live in the city.


  Currently, 637,000 people listen to the band's tracks on Spotify every month with their most famous hit 'Sorry You're Not a Winner' garnering over 37 million playbacks.


Read More:


  They will now brush shoulders with the likes of Travis Scott, Hozier and Chappell Roan at next summer's iconic festivals.


  This is not unfamiliar territory for Shikari, as their last main stage appearance was 2022, when they played hits like '{The Dreamer's Hotel}' and 'THE GREAT UNKNOWN'.


  A taste of what attendees can expect is below:


  The announcement comes three weeks after the release of their latest LP 'Dancing On The Frontline', featuring multiple BBC live sessions and concerts.


  Reading and Leeds Festival will take place on the August Bank Holiday Weekend (August 21 to 24, 2025) with the first wave of tickets releasing at noon on Monday, December 9.


  To find out more visit their Instagram at: https://www.instagram.com/officialrandl?utm_source=ig_web_button_share_sheet&igsh=ZDNlZDc0MzIxNw==.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.