We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Introducing: The 'anti-fringe', 'muted auburn' and 'golden hour glow'
Bobs may have dominated 2024's beauty columns (having written about them daily, I would know!), but there's always room for emerging hair trends – especially with a new year dawning (read: new year, new me). So, with a direct line to the creators and experts behind such trends – as well as being the generous person that I am (🙂‍↕️) – I took it upon myself to grill hairstylist and trend forecaster, Tom Smith, as well as hairstylist and owner of Cobella salon, Jordanna Cobella on their hair trend predictions for 2025.
Whether it's the midi flick, minimalist colours or OTT accessories, the hairstyles, cuts and hues to keep an eye out for are coming in thick and fast. So, swat up...
ICYDK, hair grows, meaning the bobs we were all getting in 2024 are now growing out. Enter: The midi flick. However, instead of seeing this as the awkward, in-between length phase, we're changing our mindsets and embracing the natural shape.
Tom says: "Last seen going viral in 2022 and thanks to the virality of 2024’s 'bell bottom bob', we’re going to see flicky and textured mid-length shapes lead the trends in 2025. Ask your stylist for a textured and layered shape that sits around your collarbone. 
"This look is best styled with soft, messy waves or natural curls (if you have them). Use a texture spray to modernise and add volume to the result."
According to Tom, the traditional fringe is out and instead, versatility in styling straight lengths with texture is in. Think: Tucked behind the ears and away from the face.
Tom says: "We’ve had so much interest in fringe shapes over the last few years and 2025 is inviting a counter in the form of elongated face-framing. This look will have no distinguishable layers or fringe shaping around the face, instead, lengths will sit longer than the chin, providing a minimalist shape.
"Ask your stylist to allow any shorter face framing lengths to grow out. Patience may be required here, so be sure to keep the ends strong and avoid splitting by turning down the heat on your tools. Be gentle with up styles and brushing and if needed, use Olaplex No.3, focusing it around the weaker hairline areas."
If you're after a low-commitment hairstyle and are set on getting a fringe despite our hair guru's wisdom, look no further than to brow-bone contouring. The softer fringed style grows out gently and in an easy-to-maintain way– aka no need for regular trims but that doesn't mean they're completely low maintenance.
Tom says: "Fringes have become a mini hairstyle in their own right and we’ll see a fusion of previously popular fringe styles [for 2025] Birkin bangs, curtain bangs, micro fringes and various other brow and cheekbone skimming lengths will be customised to frame the eyes with softly textured and choppy lengths. 
"Ask your stylist to suggest what would flatter your face best when it comes to customising your fringe area – consider the size of your forehead, whether you want to show off your eyebrows or cheekbone and ensure you’re willing to tweak them every morning. You’ll need to reset this area of your hair every day so while it can be done quickly, it does require daily maintenance."
Longer, thicker and more statement-making styles that celebrate all types of texture and movement are here to stay! Kerry Washington and Chappell Roan are already showing us how it's done...
Tom says: "With new texture-specific innovations (such as the Olaplex No.10 Bond Shaper) allowing more people to embrace and enjoy their natural texture without irregularities or frizz, natural hair patterns can be healthier and more refined than ever. If you are embracing your natural texture, work on keeping it strong and healthy as it grows out longer.  
"New curl products such as Olaplex No.10 Bond Shaper might sound intimidating if you’re not used to gels, but rest assured this beautifully formulated product won't leave your hair crispy if you massage it once it's fully dried in."
When Dua Lipa hard launched the Bic lighter hair clip, we knew OTT accessories were on their way back. As Jordanna says, 2025 is all about bigger, bolder and better looks.
Jordanna says: "Nostalgia inspires a return to retro and vintage print stories, with a sartorial twist. Voluminous shapes and sheer fabrics dominate hair accessories. Accessories go bigger and bolder, adopting a detail-driven approach to enliven classic profiles. 90s-inspired pieces are making a comeback, including claw clips, oversized scrunchies, chunky playful items, and butterfly clips."
Soft coppers are a fully fledged salon staple now and while bolder coppers were trending for the latter part of 2024, Tom predicts we'll see a return of the natural-looking strawberry blondes, chestnuts and auburns in 2025. 
Tom says: "These can be relatively low maintenance since they fade in a soft sun-kissed look and flatter a variety of skin tones. If you feel good in yellow or rose gold jewellery, that’s a good sign you’ll suit this trend – consider whether you prefer your hair lighter or darker and ask your stylist to add soft, natural-looking copper, caramel and auburn tones to your locks. 
"Natural-looking coppers are always multi-tonal, so be open-minded to highlights or soft balayage with soft copper toners, too."
In autumn 2024, Tom dubbed sunflower blonde as the number one colour trend. Now, both Tom and Jordanna agree that golden tones are likely to sustain throughout 2025 but in more varied forms.
Jordanna says: "Blondes are leaning towards warmer tones that capture the essence of romantic golden hour hues, incorporating sunset-inspired shades, strawberry blonde highlights, and peachy undertones. This trend draws inspiration from the nostalgic photography of the 70s and warm sepia tones. Rich hues like Renaissance reds, terracotta coppers, and buttery biscuit blondes will be prominent.
"The concept of "lived-in" colour is becoming a more sustainable option for maintaining blonde shades, where hair is styled with softly diffused roots, moving away from stark platinum shades and harsh root regrowth."
As the old adage saying goes: Fake it 'til you make it. And that rings true with this trend. To achieve the simplicity of minimalist shades (see below), we're going to be making use of rich hair colour masks.
Jordanna says: "The trend for glass hair, characterised by a mirror-like shine, is evolving to include a wet look that emphasises healthy, lustrous lengths with a slick, high-gloss finish – almost as if it’s just come out of the water. Styles featuring deep side partings or slicked-back looks will remain popular and achieving this aesthetic requires vibrant, rich tonal colours. Expect to see colour masks in shades like mocha brunette, Burberry beige blonde and terracotta copper leading the way."
There's beauty in life's simple things and more specifically, the simplicity of one root-to-tip hair shade.
Tom says: "With so much detail in technique for both blondes and brunettes available in salons now, we’ll be seeing a movement towards monochromatic simplicity – this is a single global shade coloured from root to tip, whether fairer or deeper, warmer or cooler. With a real focus on shine, gloss and super healthy hair, this is a stripped-back minimalist approach for even, glossier hair.
"Ask your stylist to use the gentlest colour possible to tone your hair all one shade. However, avoid using permanent colour to refresh your ends each time – instead demi or semi-permanent dyes will help add more shine."
Colouring one's hair can be spennyyyy – which is why so many seek assistance via box dye *war flashbacks*. However, no need to risk it in 2025 because hyper-natural hair tones are the one. IT girl Hailey Bieber would know! 
Tom says: "Balayage and freehand painted techniques will return for those who are looking for lower maintenance and more textural colour results. Sun-kissed blended highlights provide natural-looking results that don’t require regular appointments to maintain. 
"Ask your stylist to hand paint naturally blended balayage highlights, focusing on the top and around the face, where the sun would naturally hit. This technique will typically provide a warm result."
Follow Lia on Instagram.
 Lia Mappoura (she/her) is the Beauty Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from viral celebrity hair and makeup news to the latest trend predictions, she’s an expert in recognising the season’s next big beauty look (before it ends up all over your social media feeds). You’ll usually find her putting TikTok’s recent beauty hacks to the Hype Test, challenging the gender-makeup binary and social stereotypes, or fangirling over the time Kourtney Kardashian viewed her Instagram Story (yes, it’s true). Find her also on LinkedIn.
Hairstyles for greasy hair: 13 ways to hide sweaty
I tried 17 of the best shampoos for dry hair
This? Just our fave Color Wow products, reviewed
Read this before getting tape-in hair extensions
Sorry, but you're probs washing your hair wrong...
This salon treatment actually weatherproofs hair
A salon trip turned into a TikTok nightmare
A tell-all guide on Hollywood waves
Meet the low effort, high pay off undercut pixie
Let's chat about hair-growth oils for a sec
Do hair growth serums actually work? We found out
45 layered bob hairstyles that work for everyone
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.