By BRIDIE PEARSON-JONES FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  16:37, 11 September 2024   |  Updated:  16:41, 11 September 2024   
 106
View  comments
When Prince Harry and Meghan Markle left the UK in 2020, they burned many bridges with the royal family.
And despite fall outs with Prince William and King Charles, Harry - and his wife - appear to have a new 'found family' in California.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex appeared to have a 'new haven' just down the road from their Montecito mansion.
Harry and Meghan were among the guests at the opening of a new book store in the Santa Barbara town.
The shop,named 'Godmothers' by Harry himself, is set  stately white barn and next to a beach cafe. It's been opened by celebrated literary agent Jennifer Rudolph Walsh and cosmetics mogul Victoria Jackson - who say its Montecito's answer to a town square.
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry partied to Chappell Roan and Carole King the night before speaking at a book store opening - the name of which was inspired by the Duke himself - in Summerland, near Montecito, this weekend. Meghan pictured on Saturday
The shop,named 'Godmothers' by Harry himself, is set stately white barn and next to a beach cafe. It's been opened by celebrated literary agent Jennifer Rudolph Walsh (right)  and cosmetics mogul Victoria Jackson (left) - who say its Montecito's answer to a town square.
Montcito, the upmarket town where Harry and Meghan have made a home, is somewhat of a community for the rich and very famous.
Glee actress Jane Lynch, 64, described the town as 'Mayberry for rich people'.
Speaking to Town & Country (from a fireside armchair inside the new book shop-cum-community hub), the Emmy-winner said it's the 'most community she's ever had in her life'.
'We all know each other. We know each other's dogs' she added.
Perhaps that's the appeal for Harry and Meghan. At at book party for Spare last year,  Harry thanked Jennifer and Victoria - as well as Oprah Winfrey - dubbing the trio his 'fairy godmothers'.
When the book store opened, 'Godmothers' was the obvious choice for a name, according to Oprah herself.
'The sense of community here is kind of wild,' Brian Robbins, head of Paramount added.
Jennifer added that Godmother's is 'somebody who roots for you, who supports you, who advocates for you. It's somebody who is found family,'. She added that Harry will have to find someone to mentor when he turns 40 next week. 
The book shop appears to be the new hub for the star-studded town.  
The Sussexes enjoyed an evening with 'friends and family' of literary agent Jennifer Rudolph Walsh (left) and cosmetics star Victoria Jackson (right)
The outlet also revealed that Prince Harry, 39, played a part in curating the bookshop's name, as he had, at his own book party in Beverley Hills, thanked Oprah, Victoria and Jennifer for being his 'fairy godmothers'. Pictured, decor at the bookshop
Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi were also at the opening, while the Sussexes' are featured in the 'local authors' section, alongside books from Rob Lowe and Cameron Diaz
Oscar winners and TV legends are a dime-a-dozen in the 'godmother' community, where there's a food truck tun by nepo-baby duo Miles Robbins (son of Paramount CEO Brian) and Kamil Jamale (son of Paramount's head of operations).
The duo, who met at Ikoyi, one of London's Michelin-starred restaurants, offer  fresh-baked matcha and white chocolate chip cookies, grilled cheese sandwiches and soft serve.
Other locals include  Bumble founder Whitney Wolfe Herd and Jamie Kern Lima, founder of IT Cosmetics.
The inside is also a take on Californian chic, albeit designed by and Englishman.
Lewisham-born TV designers Martyn Lawrence Bullard, who starred in Channel 4's Hollywood Me and Bravo's Million Dollar Decorators, created the look of Godmothers.
There are large portraits of historic women, including  Maya Angelou and Eleanor Roosevelt, as well as a large fireplace, sheepskin armchair and a large stage - far from your typical bookshop.
The second floor is home to  a lounge where members who pay $200-a-month can relax. 
Oprah herself headlined the opening line-up, and was joined by  author Shaka Senghor, who went to prison when he was 19 for murder, and has since become an inspirational speaker. 
Victoria, who has been close to the royal couple since their arrival in California four years ago, said that 'seeing them be able to come here and be in a safe space... it's what we want it to be.' Harry and Meghan pictured in
Harry and Meghan's friendship appears to have been sparked when they extended their wedding invitation to Oprah to include the evening reception at Frogmore House, attended only by their closest relatives and pals
After Jennifer and Victoria shared some brief words with their intimate audience, Meghan, 43 - who donned a chic Ralph Lauren top and matching white trousers - was heard hollering out a 'Woo!'. 
Photos from the event show a grinning and glamorous Duchess hugging the talkshow host that interviewed them for their bombshell 2021 broadcast.
Other pictured from the evening show a delighted Harry and Meghan posing outside the bookstore with its founders. 
Elsewhere, when asked for book recommendations, the Prince reportedly jokingly pointed to a copy of his memoir - Spare. 
Victoria, who has been close to the royal couple since their arrival in California four years ago, said that 'seeing them be able to come here and be in a safe space... it's what we want it to be.'
She added: 'Their support, and the light that it will shine on Godmothers, is pretty extraordinary.'
The outlet also revealed that Prince Harry, 39, played a part in curating the bookshop's name, as he had, at his own book party in Beverley Hills, thanked Oprah, Victoria and Jennifer for being his 'fairy godmothers'. 
It is then perhaps no wonder that Spare is displayed proudly and boldly at the store - along with his wife's children's book, The Bench.
Oprah's sensational interview with Prince Harry and Meghan Markle - fresh off the heels of their resignations as senior royals - rocked The Firm when it aired in 2021.
It firmly cemented the infamous American talkshow host, 70 - who attended their wedding in 2018 - as an ally of the Sussexes amid their rift with King Charles and the Prince and Princess of Wales. 
In January 2020, Prince Harry and Meghan fled the Royal Family and the UK to begin their new life in America. And a year later, some 50-million people around the world watched as, on March 7, 2021, the duo took part in an 85-minute tell-all interview with Oprah 
'I support them 1,000 percent,' she had said of the pair's move away from the UK, and distancing from regal duties.
However despite seeming to maintain warm relations - with the presenter even considering Harry and Meghan neighbours in Montecito - rumours over the years saw whispers that the couple were being 'dropped like flies' by Hollywood A-listers, Oprah included. 
But a recent reunion between the Duchess and American TV legend suggested that all seems right as rain.
Jennifer also shared a personal joke with the Duke as she spoke about learning from people who are both younger and older than us, joking that 'once he turns 40, she's got to find new people in their 30s!'.
On the Saturday, Meghan looked typically chic while speaking at her close friend Oprah Winfrey's book club session. 
The Duchess of Sussex opted for a smart appearance as she attended the event at Godmothers bookstore.
Putting on an elegant display, the mother-of-two kept it simple in a sleeveless collared jumpsuit from Canadian-brand Club Monaco, which specialises in luxury casual clothing.
She paired it with minimal accessories, including her £5,000 Cartier Love bangle, that she's owned since at least 2017, her Logan Hollowell diamond tennis necklace and Princess Diana's £17,800 ($22,950) Cartier Tank Française watch.
Adding height to her smart look, Meghan sported her Jimmy Choo Etana 50mm sandals in tan and tortoise. 
Town and Country Magazine revealed that Meghan thanked Jennifer and Victoria for 'not just creating the space, but for holding the space for so many people to feel seen through the pages, either in laughter, in grief, in feeling less alone.' 
However, much like her close friend Oprah, the Duchess had to leave the 'incredible' event early - because she had to 'make dinner for the kids'.
Speaking about Godmothers on her Instagram, Jennifer said: 'I just love it. People come in here and the phrase we hear over and over again is "I don't know why but this makes me feel like crying."
'And that makes me feel like crying because I know why, because we've put so much love and intention into everything.
'It's like - you know when you just take a bite of pound cake and you're like why is this so delicious. Oh it's the butter? Well the butter is the love in this and it's buttery and delicious.'And people are feeling that and they're feeling like they've found a home away from home.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group