Plus: Miranda Lambert, keshi and the 'Hazbin Hotel, Season One' soundtrack debut, while Travis Scott, Eminem and Jack White post big gains.

													By
												

	Keith Caulfield


BOYNEXTDOOR achieves its third consecutive top 10 on Billboard’s Top Album Sales chart, as the act’s latest release, 19.99, arrives at No. 4. The set sold 16,500 copies in the U.S. in the week ending Sept. 19, according to Luminate. With the debut, the act nets its highest charting album and best sales week.

	Also in the top 10 of the latest Top Album Sales chart, Travis Scott’s Days Before Rodeo rallies 25-1 after its vinyl editions were shipped to customers, Eminem’s The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce) re-enters at No. 2 after its deluxe reissue and CD release, Miranda Lambert’s Postcards From Texas opens at No. 3, keshi’s Requiem arrives at No. 7, Jack White’s No Name re-enters at No. 8 after its wide physical release, and the Hazbin Hotel, Season One soundtrack debuts at No. 10 after its vinyl release.

	










Billboard’s Top Album Sales chart ranks the top-selling albums of the week based only on traditional album sales. The chart’s history dates back to May 25, 1991, the first week Billboard began tabulating charts with electronically monitored piece count information from SoundScan, now Luminate. Pure album sales were the sole measurement utilized by the Billboard 200 albums chart through the list dated Dec. 6, 2014, after which that chart switched to a methodology that blends album sales with track equivalent album units and streaming equivalent album units. For all chart news, follow @billboard and @billboardcharts on both X, formerly known as Twitter, and Instagram.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Of the 16,500 copies sold of 19.99 in its first week, physical album sales comprise nearly all of that sum – and all on CD. Its sales were bolstered by the album’s availability across more than 15 collectible CD editions, all containing collectible branded paper ephemera.

	Travis Scott’s 2014 mixtape Days Before Rodeo rallies 25-1 in its fourth week on the list, for its second week on top. (It debuted atop the list.) The album sold 150,000 copies in the tracking week (up 4,608%) after its vinyl editions – exclusively sold through Scott’s webstore – shipped to customers. Vinyl sales comprise 149,000 of that sales figure – Scott’s largest week on vinyl ever. It’s also the biggest week on vinyl for a rap album, as well as the sixth-largest week on vinyl across all genres, since Luminate began tracking sales in 1991.

	










	The vinyl sales pushing Scott to No. 1 began generating pre-orders via his official webstore before the album was released on Aug. 23 via streamers, as a digital download and on CD. It was available in two vinyl variants (a standard edition and a deluxe edition in expanded packaging), as well as two boxed sets (one containing a hoodie and the standard vinyl and one with a T-shirt and the deluxe vinyl), and in two Fan Pack offers (one with a hoodie and the standard vinyl and one with a T-shirt and the deluxe vinyl).

	A wide retail release beyond Scott’s webstore for any physical formats of the album has not been announced.

	Eminem’s The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce) re-enters the chart at No. 2 (matching its debut and peak), following its deluxe reissue and CD release. The album was reissued via digital download services on Sept. 13 with bonus tracks, while on the same day its original standard album was issued in two CD variants. It sold 24,000 (up 3,328%) across all of its configurations (all versions are combined for tracking and charting purposes).

	Miranda Lambert logs her ninth top 10, all tallied consecutively, as her new studio album Postcards From Texas, taps in at No. 3 with 19,000 sold. Its first week sales were aided by the set’s availability across four vinyl variants (including a signed edition), three CD editions (including a signed version) and a download album.

	Sabrina Carpenter’s Short n’ Sweet is steady at No. 5 on Top Album Sales (14,500; down 6%) while Chappell Roan’s The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess rises 7-6 (13,000; up 25%).

Requiem, from keshi, debuts at No. 7 with nearly 10,500 sold, marking the second top 10-charting effort for the artist. The album’s sales were bolstered by its availability across six vinyl variants (including a signed edition) and a signed CD edition.

	










	Jack White’s No Name returns to the top 10, re-entering the chart at No. 8 (matching its debut and peak position), following its wide vinyl release on Sept. 13. The album sold a little more than 10,000 copies in the tracking week ending Sept. 19 – its best sales week yet – earning a 695% gain over the previous week.

	Stray Kids’ chart-topping ATE is a non-mover at No. 9 on Top Album Sales, with nearly 9,000 sold (up 8%).

	Rounding out the top 10 is the debut of the Hazbin Hotel, Season One soundtrack, entering at No. 10 with 8,500 sold. Nearly all of that sum is from vinyl sales, as the album made its vinyl debut on Sept. 13 after only being available to purchase as a digital download.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.