Her career has been going from strength to strength since her song Espresso became the song of the Summer and now Sabrina Carpenter is adding a new feather to her cap.
The pop starlet is all set to star in her very own Netflix special, titled A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter.
The streaming platform released the official first look trailer on Tuesday (November 19) and it looks like her fans are in for a treat. The short clip teases plenty of fun musical duets, special guests and plenty of holiday cheer in the lead up to Christmas.
The holiday special will feature the singing sensation performing songs from her Christmas EP Fruitcake, as well as other chart-topping holiday covers.
The confirmed duets include Chappell Roan, Tyla, Shania Twain and Kali Uchis while many other famous faces will feature in the one-off show. The appearances include Nico Hiraga, Quinta Brunson, Cara Delevigne, Kyle Mooney, Megan Stalter, Sean Astin, Owen Thiele and Jillian Bell.
As well as starring in it, Sabrina has also produced the show alongside OBB Pictures under her At Last Productions banner. Speaking to Tudum ahead of the airing, the actress expressed: "The holidays have always been so special to me.
"I am excited to bring my take to a classic holiday variety show — infusing my love of music and comedy to make something that is uniquely me."
Since the trailer released, fans have been flocking to the comments section on YouTube to share their excitement.
One fan gushed: "Not only is Sabrina singing Christmas songs in beautiful outfits but duets with CHAPPEL AND TYLA!! We are being FED this Christmas!" Another commented: "Sabrina’s management has been killing it this years and she has a fully formed brand now Christmas special are often so generic but this feels fresh and fun excited for this."
While a third added: "YES I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS! First a Guts movie, and now this?! Netflix is FEEDING us!! Have a merry nonsense, short n’ sweet Christmas everyone!!"
Sabrina has had a stellar year after releasing her Short N Sweet album. She sold out on her US tour and was nominated for an incredible eight Grammy Awards.
A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter airs on Netflix on Friday, December 6
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.