By EVE BUCKLAND and CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:14, 7 October 2024   |  Updated:  09:09, 8 October 2024   
 29
View  comments
Chappell Roan fans went wild after the controversial singer branded her former teacher a 'b***h' while on stage this weekend
The Hot To Go singer, 26, who recently canceled her tour and threatened to quit fame, was filmed introducing her track, My Kink Is Karma at the Austin City Limits Music Festival in Zilker Park  - but laid into her theater teacher in an expletive laden intro.
She said: 'I usually dedicate this song to my ex but I dedicate this song to my f*****g theater teacher... who kicked me out, b***h! I'm here!'
A fan shared the video writing: 'f**k the theater teacher that kicked out chappell. We ride at dawn.'
Fans quickly took to X to lambast the unnamed teacher writing: ''As someone who got bullied by his high school theater teacher, Chappell Roan calling out her theater teacher at ACL was healing for the soul.'
Chappell Roan fans went wild after the controversial singer branded her former teacher a 'b***h' while on stage this weekend at the 2024 Austin City Limits Music Festival - pictured
'Chappell Roan calling out her theater teacher for kicking her out of their theater troop at ACL is so f**king funny dude if you’re a theater kid you get it.
'chappell roan dedicating my kink is karma to her THEATER TEACHER oh my god the ICON she is.
'chappell roan’s teacher who kicked her out of theater club is never going to know peace ever again… and rightfully so!!'
The performance comes after Chappell abruptly canceled her All Things Go festival appearance out of concern for her 'health.'
The shock cancellation came amidst intense backlash over her 'not endorsing' Kamala Harris in the high-stakes U.S. Presidential election.
The rising star— whose struggle with fame was 'mocked' on Saturday Night Live — delivered an electrifying performance for 7,500 lucky fans at the FirstBank Amphitheater.
Roan's high-energy show on Tuesday comes five days after she pulled out of All Things Go musical festival, which included scheduled shows in New York City on Saturday, September 28 and Columbia, Maryland outside Washington DC on Sunday, September 29.
However the star revealed to fans last Friday that she would not be taking to the stage, writing in an Instagram post: 'I apologize to people who have been waiting to see me in NYC & DC this weekend at All Things Go, but I am unable to perform.
The Hot To Go singer, 26, who recently canceled her tour and threatened to quit fame, was filmed introducing her track, My Kink Is Karma at the Austin City Limits Music Festival in Zilker Park - but laid into her theater teacher in an expletive laden intro
Fans quickly took to X to lambast the unnamed teacher writing: ''As someone who got bullied by his high school theater teacher, Chappell Roan calling out her theater teacher at ACL was healing for the soul'
'Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it.
'I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health. I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible. Thank you for understanding.
'Be back soon xox.'
Her last-minute festival cancelation came after she clarified her stance on the upcoming 2024 U.S. presidential election after garnering backlash for not endorsing a candidate.
The Good Luck, Babe! songstress took to her TikTok page lastTuesday to explain that her past comments were 'taken out of context.'
The star was slammed by fans after she failed to endorse Harris over Donald Trump during a recent interview with The Guardian, and stated 'there's problems on both sides.'
At one point during the nearly three-minute video, Roan expressed, 'Hear it from my mouth, if you're still wondering. No, I'm not voting for Trump.'
'And yes, I will always question those in power and those making decisions over other people, and I will stand up for what's right and what I believe in, and it's always at the forefront of my project.'
She also explained, 'I have encouraged people to use critical thinking skills, learn about what they're voting for, learn about who they're voting for and ask questions, and it's being completely taken out of context, per usual.'
'There is nuance in what I say in interviews, and I think it's important that people use critical thinking.'
Chappell added, 'I think it's important for me to question authority and question world leaders, and question myself, question my algorithm, question if some person that tweeted something about someone else is even true.'
'It's important to question because that's how I think we move forward,' the performer continued.
Roan's high-energy show comes  days after she pulled out of All Things Go musical festival, which included scheduled shows in New York City on Saturday, September 28 and Columbia, Maryland outside Washington DC on Sunday, September 29
'This is my third election in voting and the world is changing so rapidly, and I want to be part of the generation that changes things for good.'
Roan then told her followers, 'If you come to my shows, if you read my full interviews, if you literally know anything about what I stand for, you know that this is not lip service.'
'This is not virtue signaling, that my actions have always paved the way for my project and the people who really know me.'
She further explained, 'Actions speak louder than words and actions speak louder than an endorsement.'
The TikTok clip - which has currently raked in 2.2 million views - comes after the singer drew ire from fans after she failed to endorse either candidate in an interview with The Guardian published last week on Friday.
Roan said, 'I have so many issues with our government in every way. There are so many things that I would want to change.'
She added she 'doesn't feel pressured to endorse someone' because 'there's problems on both sides.'
'I encourage people to use your critical thinking skills, use your vote—vote small, vote for what's going on in your city.'
She added her top issue is trans rights, because 'they cannot have cis people making decisions for trans people, period.'
Fans took to X to reveal their disappointment over her decision saying: 'I love Chappel but this one has been TOUGH to get over because it's so uneducated.'
Another wrote: 'every time Chappell opens her mouth again she gets worse and worse.'
However the star revealed to fans last Friday that she would not be taking to the stage, writing in an Instagram post: 'I apologize to people who have been waiting to see me in NYC & DC this weekend at All Things Go, but I am unable to perform 
'Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it,' she told her followers
'how can you be part of the LGBTQ+ community and have tone deaf s**t like this to say so loudly.'
'chappell couldve worded this way differently and it would've helped her case a lot' while another penned: 'This is very disappointing.'
Others came out in defense of the star, writing: 'the internet needs to leave chappell alone omfg she literally didn't say anything wrong' and 'I'm so f*****g done with the chappell hate.'
Harris has previously shown herself to be a fan of Roan, and used her track titled, Femininomenon, in a campaign video.
In June, Roan told the crowd at a Governor's Ball festival in New York that she had 'declined' an invitation to perform at a White House Pride event.
She said, 'We want liberty, justice and freedom for all. When you do that, that's when I'll come.'
Singer Billie Eilish and her brother and collaborator Finneas O'Connell announced they are backing Kamala Harris for president in the 2024 election last week.
Meanwhile Trump has received a controversial endorsement from NFL WAG, Brittany Mahomes. And most recently, motor sports legend, Danica Patrick, also revealed her endorsement for Trump.
Roan recently threated to quit the industry over unwanted attention.
Chappell, who has been attending therapy sessions twice a week to deal with her new celebrity status, recently admitted her depression diagnosis came as a shock because she doesn't actually feel 'sad.'
Her last-minute festival cancelation came after she clarified her stance on the upcoming 2024 U.S. presidential election after garnering backlash for not endorsing a candidate 
At one point during the nearly three-minute video, Roan expressed, 'Hear it from my mouth, if you're still wondering. No, I'm not voting for Trump'
She told the Guardian, 'I'm in therapy twice a week. I went to a psychiatrist last week because I was like, I don't know what's going on.'
'She diagnosed me with severe depression – which I didn't think I had because I'm not actually sad. But I have every symptom of someone who's severely depressed.'
Chappell revealed her symptoms include brain fog, forgetfulness and poor focus as well as 'a very lackluster viewpoint.'
She added, 'I think it's because my whole life has changed. Everything that I really love to do now comes with baggage. If I want to go thrifting, I have to book security and prepare myself that this is not going to be normal.
'Going to the park, pilates, yoga – how do I do this in a safe way where I'm not going to be stalked or harassed?'
The singer went on to explain she thinks her problems stem from how much her life has changed over a short period of time.
Her latest interview comes after she ruffled feathers on last week's VMAs red carpet as she clapped back at a photographer who shouted 'shut the f*** up' as she turned away to adjust her outfit.
The rising entertainer has earned a reputation for being a complainer, with one fan on X hilariously suggesting she change her name to 'Chappell Moan.'
In late August, she also took to TikTok to slam fans who cross her boundaries.
She told the Guardian earlier this month, 'I'm in therapy twice a week. I went to a psychiatrist last week because I was like, I don't know what's going on.'
'She diagnosed me with severe depression – which I didn't think I had because I'm not actually sad. But I have every symptom of someone who's severely depressed.'
'This is my third election in voting and the world is changing so rapidly, and I want to be part of the generation that changes things for good,' she added 
Fans took to X to reveal their disappointment over her decision saying: 'I love Chappel but this one has been TOUGH to get over because it's so uneducated'
'chappell couldve worded this way differently and it wouldve helped her case a lot' while another penned: 'This is very disappointing'
Chappell revealed her symptoms include brain fog, forgetfulness and poor focus as well as 'a very lackluster viewpoint.'
She added, 'I think it's because my whole life has changed. Everything that I really love to do now comes with baggage. If I want to go thrifting, I have to book security and prepare myself that this is not going to be normal.
'Going to the park, pilates, yoga – how do I do this in a safe way where I'm not going to be stalked or harassed?'
The singer went on to explain she thinks her problems stem from how much her life has changed over a short period of time.
Her latest interview comes after she ruffled feathers on last week's VMAs red carpet as she clapped back at a photographer who shouted 'shut the f*** up' as she turned away to adjust her outfit.
The rising entertainer has earned a reputation for being a complainer, with one fan on X hilariously suggesting she change her name to 'Chappell Moan.'
In late August, she also took to TikTok to slam fans who cross her boundaries.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group