By 

	Tomás Mier


	Fans hoping to see Chappell Roan at All Things Go in New York City and Baltimore this weekend will have to wait a bit longer. On Friday, the singer announced that she’s “unable to perform” at both shows, citing her health and the “overwhelming” past few weeks.

	“I am really feeling it,” Roan wrote in the post announcing the cancelation of her sets. “I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health.”

	“I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible. Thank you for understanding,” she continued. “Be back soon.”
A post shared by All Things Go (@allthingsgo)

All Things Go Fest shared their support for Roan, saying they were “heartbroken” about the decision but reminded fans that “health and well-being always comes first.”

	“All Things Go strongly supports artists prioritizing their well-being and we ask our community to rally around Chappell Roan with love and understanding,” the festival wrote. “Let’s continue to show the world that music fans support not just the art, but the artists themselves.”

	










	Roan was set to perform on Saturday at the fest’s NYC edition and on Sunday at the fest hosted in Columbia, Maryland.

	The new cancelation comes several weeks after the singer set boundaries between her private and public personas, calling out the sort of behavior some fans have had around her. “I want to be an artist for a very very long time. I’ve been in too many nonconsensual physical and social interactions and I just need to lay it out and remind you, women don’t owe you shit,” she wrote on Instagram on Aug. 24.

	The singer also spoke to Rolling Stone about her struggles with mental health and dealing with her overnight fame. “I would not have been able to handle any of this even a year ago today. It would’ve just been too much,” she said.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	Earlier this week, she also made headlines after she was accused of supporting Donald Trump for not explicitly endorsing Kamala Harris. In a TikTok, she clarified that she would vote for the Vice President.

	“I don’t agree with a lot of what is going on with policies. Honestly, fuck the policies of the right — but also fuck some of the policies on the left. That’s why I can’t endorse,” Roan said. “That’s why I can’t put my entire name, my entire project behind one. There is no way I can stand behind some of the left’s completely transphobic and completely genocidal views. So, yeah, there are huge problems on both. You know what is right and wrong, and so do I.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.