Top Congressional Democrats reintroduce Equality Act on Trump’s 100th day in office
George Santos sentenced to 87 months in prison for fraud case
Democratic lawmakers travel to El Salvador, demand information about gay Venezuelan asylum seeker
Goodlander endorses Pappas’s Senate bid
EXCLUSIVE: Garcia demands answers on deportation of gay Venezuelan asylum seeker
D.C. liquor board extends drinking hours for WorldPride
Episcopal bishop to speak at WorldPride human rights conference
Pabllo Vittar to perform at WorldPride
$3.7 billion RFK stadium proposal draws support from Team DC
Welcome home: DC LGBTQ Center opens its doors to healing and hope
RFK Jr.’s HHS report pushes therapy, not medical interventions, for trans youth
Trump nominates Mike Waltz to become next UN ambassador
Second federal lawsuit filed against White House passport policy
HHS to retire 988 crisis lifeline for LGBTQ youth
Supreme Court hears oral arguments in LGBTQ education case
Executive director of LGBTQ Catholic group to travel to Rome for conclave
LGBTQ activist murdered in Lesotho
LGBTQ Kashmiri students targeted after terrorist attack
Potential Pope Francis successor views homosexuality as an ‘abomination’
Liberal Party wins Canadian election
INDIGNACIÓN: ¡El transfeminicidio de Sara Millerey en Colombia nos cuestiona como sociedad!
Suspensión de fondos de USAID golpea con fuerza a grupos LGBTQ en El Salvador
El suicidio de Rick: bullying, homofobia y una madre que busca justicia
Mujeres diversas marchan en El Salvador exigiendo justicia e igualdad en el 8M
Noboa y González van a segunda vuelta en Ecuador: ¿cuáles son sus propuestas LGBTQ?
PDAB: A mysterious acronym that could affect your health
TRAITOR: Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has blood on his hands
Congressional Equality Caucus should participate in WorldPride
How I changed my documents
We must show up to WorldPride 2025 in D.C.
PHOTOS: Victory Fund National Champagne Brunch
Tom Goss returns with ‘Bear Friends Furever Tour’
Calendar: May 2-8
English soccer bans transgender women from women’s teams
Theatre Prometheus spreads queer joy with ‘Galatea’
No, ‘Mid-Century Modern’ is not a ‘Golden Girls’ remake
Queer TV to watch this spring
Putting off watching ‘Monsters?’ You’re missing out
PBS ‘Disco’ is a Pride party you don’t want to miss
Lesbian road movie returns with campy ‘Dolls’
Union Market’s Last Call Bar a welcoming oasis for all
RAMMYs honors restaurant industry professionals
Behind the bar with Moon Rabbit’s Thi Nguyen
My Rehoboth Beach culinary tour
New D.C. restaurants opening just in time for spring
Theatre Prometheus spreads queer joy with ‘Galatea’
Timely comedy ‘Fake It’ focuses on Native American themes
‘Bad Books’ a timely look at censorship in local library
STC’s ‘Vanya’  puts pleasing twist on Chekhov classic
Out actor Ángel Lozado on his new role in ‘In the Heights’
Jacob Elordi rides high in ‘On Swift Horses’
Infectious ‘Egghead & Twinkie’ celebrates love and allyship
Heartfelt ‘Wedding Banquet’ remake a romcom worth seeing
An ‘Indian Boy’ challenges family tradition in sweet romcom
Sexy small town secrets surface in twisty French ‘Misericordia’
Tom Goss returns with ‘Bear Friends Furever Tour’
Kylie brings ‘Tension’ tour to D.C.
Busy season for live music in D.C.
Pride concert to take place at Strathmore after Kennedy Center rescinds invitation
J. Lo, Troye Sivan, RuPaul added to WorldPride Music Festival
Chronicling disastrous effects of ‘conversion therapy’
How one gay Catholic helped change the world
‘Pronoun Trouble’ reminds us that punctuation matters
New book helps vulnerable people to stay safe
‘Hurt Capital’ chronicles young life of bipolar, trans writer
PHOTOS: Victory Fund National Champagne Brunch
PHOTOS: Cherry ‘Fire’
PHOTOS: Night of Champions
PHOTOS: Mr., Mx, & Miss Capital Pride Pageant
PHOTOS: La Loca
April showers bring May flowers in life — and in real estate
Spring updates to sell your home for pride and profit
Navigating DMV real estate market during political unrest
New trends for old kitchens
Spring cleaning your rental relationship
US contributes more than $90 million to fight mpox outbreak in Africa
Mpox outbreak in Africa declared global health emergency
White House urged to expand PrEP coverage for injectable form
Young gay Latinos see rising share of new HIV cases, leading to call for targeted funding
Asian American and LGBTQ: A Heritage of Pride
US contributes more than $90 million to fight mpox outbreak in Africa
Mpox outbreak in Africa declared global health emergency
White House urged to expand PrEP coverage for injectable form
Young gay Latinos see rising share of new HIV cases, leading to call for targeted funding
Asian American and LGBTQ: A Heritage of Pride
New Mexico guv signs marijuana legalization
Delaware cannabis activists take on corporate marijuana
Virginia marijuana legalization takes effect July 1
Highstream 420 Festival Livestream
Cannabis Culture
NEW YEAR NEW YOU 2020: Local VIDA master trainer on trends, tips and technology at the gym
Why a personalized diet can help you achieve better results
Al Roker blasts Jillian Michaels for criticizing Keto diet
Make 2019 your year for fitness
Raising healthy adults starts now
Ndegeocello pays tribute to Baldwin at Strathmore next month
Published
on
By
Sigur Ros will be joined by the Wordless Music Orchestra at the Anthem (901 Wharf St., S.W.) on Wednesday, Sept. 25th. They’re continuing their 2023 tour in support of “Atta,” their first LP of original music in a decade. Frontman Jonsi is gay. Tickets are $60.50-173.50 for this seated show. 
Troye Sivan brings the “Sweat Tour” with Charli XCX (co-headlining) to Baltimore at the CFG Bank Arena (201 West Baltimore St.) on Thursday, Sept. 26th at 7:30 p.m. It’s sold out. The latter is touring behind her 2024 album “Brat.” The former is touring behind his 2023 album “Something to Give Each Other.” Sivan is gay and has performed at Capital Pride. 
Cyndi Lauper brings her “Girls Just Wanna Have Fun Farewell Tour” to Capital One Arena (601 F St., N.W.) on Sunday, Oct. 27 at 7 p.m. Tickets range from $29-179. It’s her first solo arena stateside tour since her ’86-’87 “True Colors World Tour.” Lauper is a longtime and avid LGBTQ ally. 
St. Vincent brings her “All Born Screaming Tour” to the Anthem (901 Wharf St., S.W.) on Friday, Sept. 13th at 8 p.m. Tickets are $55-95. A Variety review called it “minimalist” and said “with no video screens, backup singers or sketches, and a lot of electric guitar, it’s the purest distillation of St. Vincent we’ve had on stage in quite a few years.” Anne Erin Clark (aka St. Vincent) doesn’t identify as anything sexually but has mostly dated women in recent years. 
Kristin Chenoweth and Alan Cumming play Wolf Trap (1551 Trap Rd., Vienna, Va.) on Friday, Sept. 13 at 8 p.m. Individual sets are planned, but there will likely be a duet or two. Tickets are $29.
Out singer/songwriter Perfume Genius brings his “Too Bright 10th Anniversary Tour” to The Atlantis (2047 9th St., N.W.) on Monday, Sept. 16. This highly limited run will only play six dates in five cities. Mike Hadreas (aka Perfume Genius) will perform his 2014 album in its entirety. It’s sold out. 
Meghan Trainor brings “The Timeless Tour” to Jiffy Lube Live (7800 Cellar Door Dr., Bristol, Va.) on Tuesday, Sept. 17th at 6:30 p.m. She’s touring behind her album of the same name released earlier this year. Tickets are $33-155. No lawn seats available for this show. 
Queer-affirming gospel singer Amy Grant (who also had a decent pop chart run in the ’90s) brings her fall tour to The Birchmere (3701 Mt. Vernon Ave., Alexandria, Va.) on Thursday, Sept. 19 at 7:30 p.m. As she’s done on tour with previous re-releases, Grant could include more songs than usual from her 1994 “House of Love” album, which was just released in an expanded edition and on LP for the first time. Tickets are $95. 
Sara Bareilles, a self-described LGBTQ ally,  joins the NSO Pops for a three-night stint at the Kennedy Center (2700 F St., N.W.) on Sept. 24-26 at 8 p.m. each night. It’s sold out. 
Billie Eilish brings her “Hit Me Hard and Soft: the Tour” to CFG Bank Arena (201 West Baltimore St.) in Baltimore on Friday, Oct. 4 at 7 p.m. Her album of the same name dropped in March. Although she’s mostly dated guys publicly, Eilish identifies as bi. It’s sold out. 
Queer artist Meshell Ndegeocello plays the Strathmore (5301 Tuckerman Lane, North Bethesda, Md.) on Saturday, Oct. 5 at 8 p.m. Her show is dubbed “No More Water: the Gospel of James Baldwin” and is billed as a tribute event to the legendary Black gay writer. A pre-concert event, “The Gospel of Meshell Ndegeocello” is free but advanced registration is required. Tickets for the concert are $28-74. 
Former Capital Pride headliner Betty Who (“queer/bi” herself) brings her “An Acoustic Evening in Celebration of 10 years of TMWYG” to the Lincoln Theatre (1215 U St., N.W.) on Wednesday, Oct. 9 at 9 p.m. Tickets are $55. It’s a nod to her 2014 debut album “Take Me When You Go.” 
Justin Timberlake brings his “Forget Tomorrow World Tour” to Capital One Arena (601 F St., N.W.) on Sunday, Oct. 13. This seventh headlining concert tour (and first in five years) supports his 2024 sixth album “Everything I Thought it Was.” Reviews for the tour have been strong; the setlist looks career-spanning and generous. It’s sold out. 
Gay-helmed Pink Martini with China Forbes and Ari Shapiro plays the Kennedy Center (2700 F St., N.W.) on Monday, Oct. 14 at 7 p.m. Tickets are $40-80. 
’80s pop sensation Debbie Gibson brings her “Acoustic Youth: Songs & Stories from Electric Youth Era” to the Birchmere (3701 Mt. Vernon Ave., Alexandria, Va.) on Wednesday, Oct. 16. Tickets are $59.50. Gibson is celebrating her 1989 album “Electric Youth,” her second. She’ll accompany herself on piano playing the songs “the way I first wrote them.” 
DJ/producer Diplo, who says he’s “not not gay,” plays Echostage (2135 Queens Chapel Road, N.E.) on Saturday, Oct. 19 at 9 p.m. Walker and Royce join. Tickets are $60. 
Motown diva Diana Ross brings her “Beautiful Love Performances Legacy Tour” to MGM National Harbor (101 MGM National Ave., Oxon Hill, Md.) on Oct. 24-25 at 8 p.m. Except for adding a couple cuts from her abysmal 2021 album “Thank You” (her latest), her setlist has not changed much in 15 years. She’s a little better about performing Supremes songs than she was earlier in her career (for ages, they were crammed into one medley), but she still heavily favors her solo material. Tickets start at $102. 
“The Life and Music of George Michael” comes to the National Theatre (1321 Pennsylvania Ave., N.W.) on Friday, Oct. 25 at 8 p.m. Hard to tell from promo material if this is a typical jukebox musical-type show or more like a tribute band concert for the late gay singer. Tickets are $55. 
“Sapphic Factory: Queer Joy Party” is at 9:30 Club (815 V St., N.W.) on Friday, Oct. 25 at 10 p.m. It’s slated to feature music by artists such as Mana, Chappell Roan, Fletcher, Phoebe Bridges, Kehlani, Rina Sawayama, boygenius, Kim Petras, Tegan and Sara and more. Tickets are $23. 
Kacey Musgraves brings her “Deeper Well World Tour” to CFG Bank Arena (201 West Baltimore St.) on Saturday, Nov. 9 at 7:30 p.m. It supports her sixth studio album, released in March. The setlist morphed slightly over a spring run in Europe. It’s sold out. 
Soul diva Gladys Knight plays the Hall at Live! (7002 Arundel Mills Circle) in Hanover, Md., on Sunday, Nov. 17th at 7:30 p.m. Knight, who hasn’t had a new album out in a decade, tends to be fairly generous with her classic Motown- and Buddha-era hits with the Pips in approximately 75-minute sets. Tickets start at $95. 
(Joey DiGuglielmo was variously the Blade’s news and features editor from 2006-2020.)
Lana Del Rey, Katy Perry plan fall releases
National Symphony plays free concert Sunday
A room with Pride: D.C.’s LGBTQ history finds a new home at the Eaton
9:30 Club, other venues unveil blockbuster WorldPride plans
Busy season for live music in D.C.
Out singer/songwriter to perform at Red Bear Brewing Co.
Published
on
By
Singer Tom Goss will bring his “Bear Friends Furever Tour” to D.C. on Sunday, June 8 at 8 p.m. at Red Bear Brewing Co. 
Among the songs he will perform will be “Bear Soup,” the fourth installment in his beloved bear song anthology series. Following fan favorites like “Bears,” “Round in All the Right Places,” and “Nerdy Bear,” this high-energy, bass-thumping banger celebrates body positivity, joyful indulgence, and the vibrant spirit of the bear subculture.
For more details, visit Tom Goss’s website.
Performance on Tuesday at Capital One Arena
Published
on
By
Aussie pop icon Kylie Minogue brings her acclaimed “Tension” world tour to D.C. next Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. at the Capital One Arena. Tickets are still available at Ticketmaster.
The show features songs spanning her long career, from 1987 debut single, “The Loco-Motion,” to “Padam, Padam” from her album, “Tension.”
Erivo, Kylie, Sivan, and more headed our way this spring
Published
on
By
One sure sign of spring’s arrival is the fresh wave of live music coming to Washington. With more than 10 venues and a diverse lineup of artists, the city offers no shortage of live performances for the new season.
In addition to this impressive list, don’t forget the many artists coming to town for WorldPride, May 17-June 8. In addition to headliner Cynthia Erivo performing on Saturday, June 7 at the two-day street festival and concert, many other performers will be in town. Jennifer Lopez, Troye Sivan, and RuPaul are among the featured performers at the WorldPride Music Festival at the RFK Festival Grounds, June 6-7. Visit WorldPrideDC.org for a list of other performers.
Grammy and Emmy Award-winning Mary J. Blige will take the stage at Capital One Arena on March 26 for her For My Fans tour. Two days later, on March 28, J Balvin will also perform at Capital One Arena for his Back to the Rayo tour.
The Lincoln Theatre will host the Gay Men’s Chorus of Washington for three performances—one on March 15 and two on March 16.
If dance parties are more your vibe, you’re in luck. DC9 is hosting a series of themed dance parties this month, starting with Poker Face: 2000s + Dance Party on March 14, the ever-popular Peach Pit ’90s dance party on March 15, H.O.T.S.: A Sapphic Dance Party on March 22, and RageRiot!—a burlesque and drag revue featuring a lineup of local drag kings, queens, and everything in between on March 29.
Australian queen of pop Kylie Minogue will bring her Tension tour to Capital One Arena on April 8, with British dance artist Romy as her special guest.
Indie singer-songwriter mxmtoon will stop in D.C. for their Liminal Space tour on April 4 at the 9:30 club, followed by indie rock band Gossip on April 5. The 9:30 club will also host two dance parties in April: Gimme Gimme Disco – a dance party inspired by ABBA on April 11 and Broadway Rave on April 18.
The Atlantis will feature Brooklyn-based indie rock band Pom Pom Squad on April 2.
Comedy duo Two Dykes and a Mic will bring their Going Hog Wild tour to the Howard Theatre on April 19.
DC9 has two dance parties lined up this month: Bimbo Night on April 4, hosted by Baltimore’s “premier red-tattooed Filipina diva” Beth Amphetamine, and Aqua Girls: A QTBIPOC Dance Party on April 5, celebrating “queer transcendence through music, movement, and community.”
The Anthem will welcome a lineup of big names in April, starting with Alessia Cara on April 8. Lucy Dacus will take the stage on April 18 and 19 for her Forever Is a Feeling tour, while funky pop artist Remi Wolf will headline on April 27, joined by special guests Dana and Alden.
Indie-pop artist Miya Folick will bring her Erotica Veronica tour to The Atlantis on May 1, followed by multi-genre musician SASAMI on May 2. Pop artist Snow Wife will close out the month at The Atlantis on May 31 as part of an official WorldPride 2025 event.
Queer rock band Lambrini Girls will perform at the Howard Theatre on May 4, while rock trio L.A. Witch will take the stage at DC9 on May 12.
Union Stage will feature Rachel Platten on May 3 for her Set Me Free tour, followed by Femme Fatale: A Queer Dance Party later that night.
The popular DJ festival Project Glow will return to RFK Stadium grounds on May 31 and June 1.
Pride month kicks off with “RuPaul’s Drag Race” star Trixie Mattel, who will perform at Echostage on June 3 as part of a series of official WorldPride 2025 events.
Queer icons Grace Jones & Janelle Monáe will take over The Anthem on June 5 for a WorldPride 2025 event performance.
Perfume Genius will bring his signature sound to the 9:30 club on June 7 as part of WorldPride 2025 festivities. Later in the month, Blondshell will hit the 9:30 club for her If You Asked for a Tour on June 24.
TRAITOR: Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has blood on his hands
Potential Pope Francis successor views homosexuality as an ‘abomination’
Jacob Elordi rides high in ‘On Swift Horses’
Liberal Party wins Canadian election
© Copyright Brown, Naff, Pitts Omnimedia, Inc. 2021. All rights reserved | Powered by Keynetik.