According to Carson Barnes, Hullabahoos member and third-year College student, Rotunda Sing is one of the only occasions where the entire a cappella community comes together to perform for an audience.
At the start of each fall semester, the student body has the opportunity to indulge in one of the University’s most beloved traditions — Rotunda Sing. Held on the Lawn, the annual event is a night dedicated to showcasing the talent of the University's various a capella groups. 
This year’s Rotunda Sing amassed hundreds of audience members, united by the sounds of harmonious — and some discordant — voices.  Both longtime and new members of the University community gathered with excitement for the first of many musical traditions this school year. 
Hosted by the University Programs Council, Rotunda Sing occurs on the Wednesday after the first day of courses and gives singing groups a platform to show off their skills and promote their upcoming auditions, which typically take place on the days following the event. The celebration featured 18 singing groups, all with their own unique personality.
A cappella groups of all types — from the Flying V’s “rock-appella” to Hoos In The Stairwell’s broadway selections — delivered electrifying performances throughout the night. Each group sang a couple songs that showcased their distinct style and with each performance, highlighted a number of talented solosists. 
Preparation for an event like this is no small feat according to Elizabeth Schmidt, arts and enrichment committee director of UPC and third-year Architecture student. She said that the committee begins to plan the event in May and works hard throughout the summer to map out all the small details of the event. Schmidt explained that ensuring a memorable experience for the attendees is just as important as the performances themselves.
“We know, obviously, there are going to be a cappella groups singing … but it is more about the smaller details … what the merch is going to look like and what food we are going to get,” Schmidt said.
This year, students were delighted to find complimentary food trucks from Asado and Mellow Mushroom parked at South Lawn, along with a Melt ice cream truck for dessert. Once the supply ran out and the lines died down, students shifted their focus to the stage as the first of the night’s performances began. 
Voices from the audience began to quiet as the University Singers — the University’s premier choral ensemble — took the stage and sang the University’s historic and familiar alma mater, “Virginia, Hail, All Hail” to kick off the night. Their sweet sound and spirit lit up the faces of listeners, many of whom had arrived early and were sitting in anticipation of the night ahead.
One of the most notable performances of the night came from the Academical Village People, who sang Dua Lipa’s “Training Season” and the classic “Unwritten” by Natasha Bedingfield, which featured soloist and third-year College Student Clay Dickerson. 
During the performance, some members locked hands with one another, while others proudly twerked their way around the stage. Their evocative presence definitely stood out, and of course, it would not be an AVP performance without members stripping off their signature button-down shirts mid-song. Dickerson explained that this tradition, while playful, also serves to promote self-acceptance. 
“Every body is beautiful,” Dickerson said. “Especially our sexy bodies.”
As the night progressed, harmonious voices continued to shine — along with some not-so-harmonious voices. The No Tones, a group made entirely of self-proclaimed bad singers, performed a mashup of pop songs that were sometimes nearly impossible to identify. 
Its members proudly belted hits like “Espresso” by Sabrina Carpenter and “HOT TO GO!” by Chappell Roan. While their performance was not as sonically pleasing as the others, the crowd still thanked the group with claps and cheers for their efforts.
The event highlighted not only a diversity of talent, but also a diversity of cultures, showcasing voices from groups such as Remix, the University’s hip hop and R&B a cappella group focused on promoting Black voices, and Ektaal, the University’s premier gender-inclusive South Asian fusion a cappella group. 
Remix delivered an astounding rendition of Nelly Furtado’s “Promiscuous,” with a duet of two female voices that captured the song’s back and forth banter seamlessly. Addisyn Winston, Remix co-president and third-year College student, said that the group’s mission is to “break the mold” when it comes to a cappella. By choosing a throwback song, Winston said the group paid respect to the history of R&B.  
“Because we are the only hip hop and R&B a cappella group on Grounds, we really like to show appreciation for those artists who came [before us,] and who made the way for a lot of black artists today,” Winston said.
Similarly, Ektaal showcased South Asian culture during their performance by incorporating the Hindi language in a chilling delivery of “Creep” by Radiohead, which generated a particularly strong round of applause from audience members. The unexpected blend of languages added a special twist to a classic hit and made for a particularly memorable performance.
Despite the diversity of sound, talents and genres, the a cappella groups were united under a shared love for music. Beyond their songs, the groups showcased a strong sense of community and camaraderie, as they cheered and supported other groups as they made their way off the stage.
According to Carson Barnes, member of the all-male a cappella group the Hullabahoos and third-year College student, Rotunda Sing is one of the only occasions where the entire a cappella community comes together to perform for an audience. 
“It is really great having all the groups at once,” Barnes said.
Rotunda Sing ended with a bang, as the fan-favorite Hullabahoos made their way to the stage adorned in their tacky signature robes. Listeners bopped their heads to the gritty delivery of Maroon 5’s “Misery” and the wholesome spirit of One Direction’s “Kiss You.” The group’s high energy had audience members grooving with one another to the beat.
The Virginia Glee Club, an all-male chorus and the University’s oldest musical organization, bid the audience a sweet farewell with The Good Ol’ Song as students began to flood out. The crowd swayed and sang as they walked, with arms around one another and smiles on their faces, delivering a heartfelt conclusion to a celebratory night of musical delight.

                        The newly approved resolution, titled “Advancing Free Inquiry and Viewpoint Diversity at U.Va.”, calls for efforts to create a campus environment that supports open political dialogue, constructive debate and respect for differing perspectives.
                    

                        While Ellis entered the Board with certain priorities in mind, he said that most had not been accomplished during his term, without a majority of Youngkin appointees on the Board.
                    

                        According to a statement from University Spokesperson Bethanie Glover, the University learned of the visa terminations of the current student and two alumni April 4
                    
Indieheads is one of many Contracted Independent Organizations at the University dedicated to music, though it stands out to students for many reasons. Indieheads President Brian Tafazoli describes his experience and involvement in Indieheads over the years, as well as the impact that the organization has had on his personal and musical development.