By
			
			Kim Stempel		

The Dancing with the Stars Season 33 finale showcased the five remaining couples competing for the Len Goodman Mirrorball Trophy. This week, each couple performed a Redemption Dance and then their own Freestyle. The chance of winning often hinges on the Freestyle, so couples needed to present a creative, clean, and crowd-pleasing routine.
Last week, during the Semi-Finals, each couple danced a ballroom and Latin dance. Bachelor star Joey Graziadei and Jenna Johnson tied for the top of the leaderboard with Chandler Kinney and Brandon Armstrong. Joey and Jenna’s Foxtrot earned a perfect score, while their Paso Doble wasn’t as perfect. 
Meanwhile, Chandler and Brandon’s sizzling Salsa brought the heat. However, judge Carrie Ann Inaba deducted a point for their Foxtrot because Chandler’s foot came off the ground. Both couples ended up with 58/60. 
Third place on the leaderboard was captured by Ilona Maher and her partner, Alan Bersten. They danced a Viennese Waltz and Paso Doble. However, the biggest surprise was that no one was eliminated, making it a five-couple race to the end!
The opening number, set to the song Holiday by Madonna, was choreographed by Ray Leeper. It featured the pros, the troupe, and all of the season’s contestants. Even co-hosts Alfonso Ribeiro and Julianne Hough danced. It was just non-stop energy and fun. I loved it!
Throughout the show, former contestants returned for duets. Contrary to rumors, the season’s most controversial competitor, Anna Delvey, did return to dance. And I laughed when Julianne announced after their dance, “You know, I’ve got nothing,” referencing Anna’s parting words after her elimination. Epic!
Also, DWTS gave a nod to the showmance rumors by having Jenn and Sasha, along with Brooks and her partner, Gleb, dance to the song Reunited. I really want the Jenn and Sasha rumors to be true!
Chandler Kinney and Brandon Armstrong had the highest scores in Dancing with the Stars Season 33 finale
Carrie Ann challenged Chandler and Brandon to improve on their Jive. The first time, Chandler’s energy dipped during the routine. However, this time their routine, set to Rosé and Bruno Mars’ APT, was cute, energetic, and fun.
“To me, I think you’ve actually had the most difficult season out of all of our finalists. This is redemption because you have proven yourself with fortitude. You show up with grace, elegance. That Jive … was amazing!” Carrie Ann said.
Next, judge Derek Hough weighed in. “Last time you danced the Jive, I felt like you lost steam towards the end,” he said. “And unfortunately, I cannot say the same about tonight. That was sensational.”
Judge Bruno Tonioli added, “We went beyond redemption. What we have here is a triumph. You made it fresh, exciting, and sassy.” The duo earned a perfect 60.
Since Brandon and Chandler were the first Black couple to reach the finale, they paid tribute to Black entertainers who influenced the world of dance. Their routine was set to Hellzapoppin’ by Eyal Vilner Big Band and Curtis Mayfield’s song, Move On Up. It started in black-and-white during the 1940s section, then changed to color for the second half of the dance.
“Chandler, not only was that beyond impressive, that was important. You have changed the future for people to come,” Carrie Ann said. “I am so glad that you honored the Nicholas Brothers at the beginning because there wouldn’t be a Fred Astaire without them,” Derek stated. “You should be so proud of every single step that you’ve danced on this floor.”
Finally, Bruno said, “A truly incandescent spectacular celebration for the contribution that all Black artists have contributed to dance. Excellent!” Chandler and Brandon earned another perfect score of 60.
Here are the combined scores from last week, along with tonight’s scores.
Ilona and Alan’s Freestyle, set to Femininomenon by District 7 featuring Mona Rue, was the best of the night! Ilona started with a humorous narration before the dance kicked off. She showed how confident and sexy she was in this performance. She owned every moment of it. “You have become a true leading lady. Proud, in control, holding the center of attention,” Bruno said.
As for Danny and Witney’s Freestyle? Their Barbie-themed extravaganza was unexpected and oddly captivating. Danny was Ken-tastic! “Well, you have been a memory maker, a moment-maker on this show,” Derek said. For some reason, there was a big bed in the skybox. So, Danny, Witney, and Julianne all got comfy on the bed. And Danny and Julianne were flirting up a storm.
I also enjoyed Stephen and Rylee’s Freestyle. It involved dancing using the pommel horse, and seamlessly blended gymnastics and dance. Plus, some of Stephen’s Olympic gymnastics teammates lent a hand during the routine. “What I loved about it – it was athletic and artistic at the same time,” Bruno said.
Meanwhile, Joey and Jenna’s Freestyle paid homage to his prior profession as a tennis pro. There was a lot of choreography with tennis rackets. While everyone seemed to love the routine, Carrie Ann felt it was “just a tad underwhelming.” It might not have been flashy, but I thought it was executed well.
Joey Graziadei and Jenna Johnson won DWTS Season 33 and took home the Len Goodman Mirrorball Trophy!
It was tense waiting for the results. Danny and Witney came in fifth place, and Stephen and Rylee took fourth place. Then Chandler and Brandon came in third. That was a bit of a surprise.
Finally, it was announced that Joey and Jenna won the Season 33 Len Goodman Mirrorball Trophy! Ilona and Alan came in second place. And Alan was so sweet! He cried the entire time waiting for the results. It looks like Alan really wears his heart on his sleeve.
When Joey was asked how he felt, he said, “I feel like Jenna deserves this fully and this is all for her.” Joey’s journey on the show was incredible since he had no prior dance experience. And he is the first Bachelor to win DWTS! So, he also made history.
I’m a still bit surprised that Chandler didn’t take second place. However, Ilona and Alan’s Freestyle killed it. The high-energy dance was memorable, and that may have been what made the difference. That was another unforgettable performance!
I hate to see this season end! Viewers were treated to some special performances during the Season 33 finale. Last season’s champs, Xochitl Gomez and her partner Val danced to the song Pink Pony Club by Chappell Roan. It was fun to see her back in the ballroom. And her energy is still just as infectious.
Then, Derek and his bestie, former DWTS pro Mark Ballas, gifted us an incredible Argentine Tango, set to Libertango by Tango Bardo. The Argentine Tango was traditionally danced by two men, typically to impress all the ladies. For this dance, Mark and Derek had to switch back and forth between the leader roles. It was passionate and masculine. In addition, I wouldn’t mind seeing Mark return as a permanent addition to the judging panel. 
Finally, I think that Joey and Jenna deserved to win the Mirrorball. It is astonishing that Joey had no prior dance experience. Plus, it is mind-blowing how much all of the finalists have improved. Since DWTS is a show about transformation and growth, Joey and Jenna’s win is a fitting end to the season.
Congratulations, Joey and Jenna!
You can watch Dancing with the Stars Season 33 on Disney+.
TELL US – WHAT DID YOU THINK OF THE DANCING WITH THE STARS SEASON 33 FINALE? DID THE RIGHT COUPLE WIN? WHO WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE COMPETE NEXT SEASON?
Kim has been covering television entertainment since 2013. She is addicted to Real Housewives, Pump Rules, Dancing with the Stars, and many more shows. As Staff Writer, she writes news, recaps, and features for Reality Tea.
Share article