By
Em Casalena
If you’ve caught Chappell Roan fever, you’re not alone. The young pop star has blown up in what feels like just a few months. Her debut studio album The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess is an impressive piece of work that deserves the attention it’s been getting. Roan does have an EP and a number of singles under her belt, but The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess is her first studio release; meaning there isn’t much more music out there to consume from your favorite artist’s favorite artist. Let’s look at a few artists like Chappell Roan that you just might vibe with!
There are few artists that sound like Chappell Roan, but Marina (formerly Marina And The Diamonds) comes quite close. The albums The Family Jewels from 2010 and Electra Heart from 2012 are a couple of notable records that sound similar to Roan’s The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess. 
Marina was the OG Tumblr music girl, along with Lana Del Rey, Charli XCX, Lorde, and others. Her aesthetics were campy bubble gum pop with a sprinkle of satirical narcissism, especially on Electra Heart. “Primadonna” is essential listening.
No one can pen a sapphic love story quite like girl in red. While this Norwegian singer/songwriter is more mellow and reserved when compared to Roan’s drag persona, they both share a love for writing about WLW love, both conceptually and explicitly. If I Could Make It Go Quiet is a great place to start if you want to get into her music.
Both singer/songwriter Olivia Rodrigo and Chappell Roan share a few key elements that make them sound like one another. To start, they are uniquely Gen Z artists with notably Gen Z sounds. Their pop storytelling abilities are also quite similar, as are their dazzling stage presences.
[Get Tickets To See Olivia Rodrigo Live]
Japanese-British singer Rina Sawayama shared a similar vibe to Chappell Roan. Specifically, she leans toward the campier side of the musical aesthetic and also has a similar singing voice to Roan. 
However, it’s worth noting that Sawayama isn’t a cookie-cutter copy of Roan by any means. She’s a little older, a little more polished, and a little more intense in her lyrics. Sawayama and Hold The Girl are essential listening.
Singer/songwriter Ricky Montgomery doesn’t sound exactly like Roan, but their song “Line Without A Hook” does have some elements shared by Roan. Just as well, both artists experienced virality on TikTok in the early 2020s. “Line Without A Hook” is a great place to get into their music, as is “Talk To You” and “It’s OK To Cry”.
Photo by Daniel DeSlover/ZUMA Press Wire/Shutterstock
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand