Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris stopped into Saturday Night Live to give herself a pep talk days before the US presidential election.
The presidential hopeful appeared as the “mirror image” of herself alongside actress Maya Rudolph, who reprised her role impersonating the vice president, during the show’s cold open.
Harris was scheduled to be heading to Detroit, Michigan before her campaign revealed she was making an unscheduled stop in New York City.
The final show before Tuesday’s election opened on a CNN parody, before cutting to a Trump rally with Austin Johnson portraying the former president and his most recent Liz Cheney remarks.
Vice President Harris makes surprise appearance on @nbcsnl pic.twitter.com/oY2IoMLIEh
— Kamala HQ (@KamalaHQ) November 3, 2024
It then cut to a conversation between Rudolph as Harris, Dana Carvey portraying President Joe Biden, Jim Gaffigan as vice presidential pick Tim Walz, and Andy Samberg’s Dough Emhoff.
Rudolph stepped aside for a moment to reflect before her last campaign speech, seeing the real Harris as she looked into the mirror.
“I just wish I could talk to someone who’s been in my shoes,” she said moments before the Democratic presidential nominee appeared.
“You know, a black South Asian woman running for president, preferably from the Bay Area.”
The pair give each other a pep talk before resolving to “end the dram-ala” and “keep Kamala and carry on-a-la”.
John Mulaney returned to host the famed sketch comedy show for the sixth time on Saturday, alongside musical guest Chappell Roan.
What’s That Name: Election Edition pic.twitter.com/Or2H0CD2HZ
— Saturday Night Live – SNL (@nbcsnl) November 3, 2024
Also making a surprise appearance was Virginia Senator and Hillary Clinton’s 2016 running mate Tim Kaine, who appeared in a skit where a contestant could not recall who Kaine was.
Many US politicians have appeared on the long-running variety show, including Harris’ Republican opponent Donald Trump, who hosted the show in 2015.
Hillary Clinton appeared on the show alongside impersonator Amy Poehler during her 2008 Democratic primary campaign and unsuccessful 2016 presidential campaign.
The first sitting president to appear on the show was Republican Gerald Ford, who made his debut a cold open in April 1976.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.