Vice President Kamala Harris grabbed headlines for her campaign’s fluent use of TikTok to reach millions of potential voters on social media. But it didn’t translate to victory at the polls.
Harris inherited the Democratic nomination just 107 days before the general election, but her campaign seemingly struck gold early on with a few weeks of viral fame on TikTok, the short-form video app that could be banned in the United States as soon as January. Videos referencing Harris's now-famous coconut speech and supercuts of the vice president set to CharliXCX songs flooded the zone, as an online army of professional and amateur creators made content promoting her.
But Harris’s early hype and continued success on TikTok didn’t tip the scales on Election Day, and strategists on both sides of the aisle want to know why.
Advertisement
While Harris enjoyed a media cycle about her savvy TikTok presence, in reality the Trump campaign wasn’t far behind. Harris racked up more than 3.4 billion views on TikTok across the Harris, Walz and campaign accounts since the vice president launched her personal account in February, according to a Washington Post analysis of TikTok view count data. The Trump campaign cracked 3.2 billion views since the president-elect started his personal account in June.
What feels big on the internet is often smaller in reality, said Eli Pariser, author of “The Filter Bubble,” which coined the term in 2011 to describe the way personalized algorithms warp our perceptions. Our media ecosystem is now so fragmented, it’s difficult to place where we are inside of it, he said.
Advertisement
“You lose your frame of reference, you can’t tell how representative what you’re seeing is,” Pariser said. “Is this just for me? Is this what everyone’s seeing? It’s disorienting.”
Social media is new enough that campaigns struggle to understand its impact on actual voting behavior, digital campaign experts say. TikTok in particular has an algorithm so opaque, it’s hard to know who you’re reaching and why. Even users inside the app often can’t confidently comment on what’s popular, because what’s trending on your feed might be absent from someone else’s.
It's possible this election was decided on TikTok, said Eric Wilson, a Republican strategist who led digital campaigns including Marco Rubio's presidential bid in 2016. "It's just surprising that it wasn't decided for Kamala Harris."
Harris soundly won the vote among 18- to 29-year-olds, but among 30- to 44-year-olds, another key demographic on TikTok, she came in a single percentage point higher than Trump - 49 percent versus 48 percent, according to exit polls.
Both Harris and Trump ran robust campaigns on TikTok and other platforms in an election where infiltrating a particular online community could make or break a candidate. President-elect Trump racked up appearances on podcasts aimed at young men, hung out on X and his own right-leaning Truth Social, and showed up at UFC fights.
Meanwhile, commentators praised the Harris campaign for pumping out videos that fit the style and tone of TikTok, where silly mashups and straight-to-camera venting tend to outperform polished content. Harris’s rhetorical question during a 2023 address - “You think you just fell out of a coconut tree?” struck a chord with TikTokers, and they set the quote to tunes from singer Chappell Roan. An endorsement on X from CharliXCX - “kamala IS brat” - triggered a glut of Harris-related TikToks inspired by the pop star’s hit album “Brat.”
Advertisement
“People on TikTok felt excited. It felt like a new way forward,” said Abby Cox, a Democratic organizer in Arizona who makes political videos for her 7,400 followers on TikTok. “On top of that, we were meeting people where they were.”
Maybe Harris accounts were preaching to the choir on TikTok, reaching only the voters they’d already won. Or maybe the videos were resonating, but the message wasn’t, Wilson, the political strategist, said.
Across the board, the Harris campaign had strong vibes but weak messaging, according to Wilson, and the same is true on TikTok. Pro-Harris videos may have pushed the right cultural buttons and reached the right voters, Wilson said, but if her campaign promises weren’t clear and compelling, it’s a miss.
“It’s clear from election results that the electorate was very concerned about the economy, inflation and immigration,” Wilson said. “They wanted substance on those issues. And that just wasn’t on offer during Brat Summer.”
Not all pro-Harris videos were lighthearted or referential. Josh Cook, a strategist who runs an influencer agency that connects paying clients, including the Harris campaign, with left-leaning creators, said the creators he worked with often addressed specific issues and built connections with communities of voters online. When viewers followed a link off the TikTok app, where they could be tracked in a browser, his data showed the videos were reaching not just Democratic sympathizers but moderates and conservatives as well, he said.
TikTok has been called the new front page of the internet. If Democrats made any mistake with the app this election cycle, it was not investing enough, according to Cook. The Harris campaign spent relatively little on organic internet and influencer marketing compared to TV ads, he said: Who knows what would have happened if they had invested in new media the way it deserves?
Advertisement
TikTok and the Harris campaign did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Barring a ban on the app, Cook has no plans to stop using TikTok for political messaging. The challenge for next election, he said, will be to better coordinate between online efforts and real-life organizing.
TikTok buzz didn’t get Harris into office, but that doesn’t mean it was a waste for Democrats, said Ioana Literat, an associate professor at Columbia University who wrote the book “Not Your Parents’ Politics: Understanding Young People’s Political Expression on Social Media.”
The internet used to be about seeking information, then it became about networking with the popularization of chatrooms, blogs and social apps, she said. Now, it’s about expressing ourselves. As people create and engage with content on TikTok, they’re being politically socialized - with the help of a powerful and inscrutable algorithm, of course. These voters will remember the ideas they encountered on TikTok long after they swipe past, Literat said.
Of course, the same is true for people who open the app and see an entirely different world.
Jeremy Merrill contributed to this report.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information