By Lindsay Shachnow 
Meghan Trainor received a warm welcome from her home state at her Mansfield concert, the eleventh stop on her 26-show Timeless Tour, on Friday night at the Xfinity Center. 
Surrounded by her friends and family onstage and in the crowd, the Grammy award-winning artist performed a mix of her fan favorites and new songs from her sixth full-length album, “Timeless” — over ten years after releasing her hit single “All About That Bass.” 
Trainor proudly spoke about her Nantucket roots, pointing out many of her friends who came to cheer her on in the crowd. Even one of Trainor’s teachers who taught her the periodic table made an appearance.
“A lot of my friends who I grew up with are today. It’s crazy,” Trainor said. “It’s so cool.”
Touting a Red Sox jersey, the pop star’s brother, Ryan Trainor, started the show by hyping up the crowd before Trainor came onstage, blasting pop hits like Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” and Charli xcx’s “Apple,” which were well-received by the tween-girl crowd demographic.
As Chappell Roan’s “Pink Pony Club” started to play, Trainor and her husband, Daryl Sabara, known for playing Juni Cortez in the “Spy Kids” film series, took to the stage, jumping up and down to the pop song. The audience, many wearing blue, matching the cover of Trainor’s “Timeless” album, screamed their hearts out.
But Trainor’s appearance was short-lived — it would be more than an hour before her performance would start.
The theme of self-love was evident throughout the show, starting with social media influencer and Berklee graduate Chris Olsen’s opening act, where he came onstage wearing black heels, holding an “I love Chris Olsen” sign.
But before he got there, a clip showing Olsen trying out for the “celebrity best friend audition” played on the screen, where Olsen ultimately got chosen for the role. 
Ahead of the concert, Olsen described his relationship with Trainor as an “easy friendship, but then also partnership,” he told Boston.com.
All jokes aside, Olsen reassured concert-goers that Trainor “is a real friend. I love her.”
Olsen, who described his act as “gay karaoke,” sang along to iconic songs like “Hopelessly Devoted to You” and “Part of Your World.” The Tiktok star bragged about going to Berklee and being a “theater kid,” and gave a suggestion for a new theatrical show.
“I think we need a Meghan Trainor musical,” he said.
Rapper Paul Russell, best known for his 2023 single “Lil Boo Thang,” performed between Olsen and Trainor, but his pop-rap style was less favored by the young teen girls in the crowd.
Once the time came for Trainor’s performance, she started her show emerging on a pedestal, wearing a sparkly bodysuit and tall boots singing “Mother.” In the same fashion, Trainor followed the song with some motherly advice.
“We’re gonna be on our best behaviors, we’re gonna scream, we’re gonna dance, we’re gonna cry, we’re gonna wave me down if someone needs help, we’re gonna drink lots of water,” she said. “We’re gonna have the best night ever.”
Trainor’s outfit was not the only thing bedazzled — she had a matching microphone, eyeshadow, and earpiece, and even drank from a glittery water cup and played a sparkly ukulele.
“I have a lot of crystals so I have to play kind of weird,” she said as she strummed and sang “Title.”
Trainor’s team of six female backup dancers kept the crowd energy high throughout the show. Trainor paced out her setlist well, intermixing her lesser known music and slower songs between her big hits. 
The order kept the audience engaged and enabled her to best captivate the crowd when she sang her most popular songs like “Lips are Movin,” “Dear Future Husband,” and “All About That Bass.”
In addition to self-love, family played a large role in the concert. Trainor’s husband came back onstage to dance with her to “Doin’ It All For You,” and a montage video of her children played toward the end of the show.
Trainor concluded her performance singing, “Made You Look” as silver confetti, matching her glittery outfit and accessories, fell onto the crowd.
“Boston I love you so much,” Trainor said. “I will never forget this for the rest of my life.”
Mother
Don’t I Make It Look Easy
Lips are Movin
No Excuses
Crushin’
Bestie
Better When I’m Dancin’
Title
Forget How to Love
Superwoman
Like I’m Gonna Lose You
Dear Future Husband
Crowded Room
Doin’ It All For You
Criminals
All About That Bass
Wave
Genetics
NO
Hate It Here
Me Too
Whoops
To the Moon
Been Like This 
Timeless
I Wanna Thank Me
Made You Look
Lindsay Shachnow covers general assignment news for Boston.com, reporting on breaking news, crime, and politics across New England.
Get everything you need to know to start your day, delivered right to your inbox every morning.
©2025 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC

			Stay up to date with everything Boston. Receive the latest news and breaking updates, straight from our newsroom to your inbox.