Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 7)
i have ‘Too Sweet’ in 10th for ROTY, but my gut feeling is that it won’t make it
ROTY
1. TEXAS HOLD ‘EM
2. Birds of a Feather / Lunch
3. Espresso
4. Beautiful Things
5. we can’t be friends (wait for your love)
6. Now and Then
7. Not Like Us
8. Good Luck, Babe!
9. Agora Hills
10. Too Sweet
11. Fortnight
is how i’m feeling about the category currently
i have not like us 9th in my soty predictions. the grammys do love kendrick but i don’t think they’re gonna embrace a full-on diss track in the gf. he deserves the nom though. 
Because Drake has publicly slammed the Grammys the past 5 years or so including on one of his Kendrick disses I could see Not Like Us not only getting noms across the board but at least ONE win (in the Rap Categories)
Kendrick united the entire West Coast under the Not Like Us banner, it would be crazy if he could unite the Grammy voters under similar circumstances and become only the second Rap song to win SOTY or ROTY.
I’m torn on Kendrick. On paper a diss track doesn’t make any sense to be nominated in the general field, but voters like him. It’s important to note he’s the only rap artist to get into ROTY since it’s become a straight vote. If anyone can pull it off it’s Kendrick
“Every time someone tries to win a war before it starts, innocent people die. Every time”
I predict Kendrick because he was always a name check in GF. He’s Beyoncé of rap. He’s not winning anything outside Rap field of course.
Honey, I am NOT 100% sold on Kendrick Lamar happening in Record of the Year and/or Song of the Year with a diss track.
Some of you aren’t predicting Hozier for Record of the Year. Why?
I believe Hozier gets in, Ari doesnt
For your 2026 Grammy consideration
Best Dance/Electronic Album:
Anti Up - What Is Life
Zed’s Dead - Return to the Spectrum of Intergalactic Happiness 
Best Dance/Electronic Recording:
Anyma & Ellie Goulding - “Hypnotized”
Sub Focus featuring Katy B - “Push The Tempo”
Zeds Dead - “One of These Mornings”
I’m sorry darlings but i don’t see ariana making the gf with eternal sunshine, she’ll get her usual two pop nominations and that’s that. We can be friends is not a smash hit to be nominated and they can chose smaller albums in aoty.
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 7)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media