Color Scheme
Subscriber Actions
Staff Options
Connect With Us
Support Local Journalism
There’s still time.
You have 2½ weeks to land the rest of the perfect presents for your friends and family. That’s time enough to avoid Amazon and the big box stores, and find gifts with a local touch.
Here are some of our staff’s favorite ideas for stocking stuffers and the like.







Gelee jams, including carrot cake flavor, are for sale at the Candle Bar Co., 817 W. Garland Ave. The jams are made by Sweet Heat Co. in Bonners Ferry.  (Jonathan Brunt/The Spokesman-Review)
            
        


Sold online at Sweetheat.co and at various locations around Spokane and North Idaho (see the map on their website)
Caramelized onion, carrot cake, Idaho huckleberry and smoky mango are just some of the flavor variants peddled by Derek Blumenschein at his Bonners Ferry-based business Sweet Heat Co. 
An avid gardener, Blumenschein launched his business in 2010 after growing an abundance of jalapenos and making them into jelly, mixing the spicy peppers with fruit and other ingredients to create unique flavors.
“I like stuff that has lots of flavor and tastes like what it says it is; that’s important to me, as I consider mine to be a premium product,” he said.
Blumenschein still grows all the yellow jalapenos for his jelly, which he said makes his spreads spicier than others on the market. If the jalapeno base isn’t spicy enough for you, he also sells habanero hot versions of some of his jellies.
Blumenschein can rattle off uses for his jellies. He uses savory glazes for grilling meats, mixes them into stir fry, spreads on pancakes or sandwiches – like the bananas foster to make a gourmet peanut butter and jelly.
The most common use for the jellies, Blumenschein said, is spread over goat or cream cheese and enjoyed with crackers.
“It’s a really popular item during the holiday,” Blumenschein said. “It’s kind of a comfort food when it’s cold, like with a glass of wine and some cheese and crackers.”
Sweet Heat Co. products are sold on the brand’s website, sweetheat.co, and several local grocery stores carry the jellies, including Main Market Co-op on 44 West Main Ave., Huckleberry’s Natural Market on 926 S. Monroe and Egger’s Meats at 10629 East Sprague and 902 W Rosewood. There are also retailers in North Idaho and Lewiston, mapped on the company’s website.
– Elena Perry







The inside of the right wing of The Long Ear, a music and trinket store in Coeur d’Alene, Idaho.  (Alexandra Duggan / The Spokesman-Review)
            
        


1620 N. Government Way in Coeur d’Alene
While records haven’t changed, the music does.
The Long Ear in Coeur d’Alene has been around for 51 years. The store, filled with new and used records, compact discs, trinkets and more, even has a cat – “Major Tom.”
Nic Fritze, who manages The Long Ear, is most enthused by the store’s collection of “snarky socks” that are scrawled with funny, sometimes taboo slogans. But when asked about what he likes the most in the store, he will tell you, “everything.”
And the best part, he says, is “finding that song for someone” even if that someone is looking for pop musician Chappell Roan on vinyl. The artist skyrocketed in popularity this year following her hit song, “HOT TO GO!”
The local shop has her vinyl album propped up behind their front register.
“Chappell Roan sales are up,” Fritze said. “And there’s more people buying new vinyl with a more diverse taste.”
That also includes a Chappell Roan magnet or prayer candle, he said, which are hot items in the store following her recent boost in popularity among younger generations.
The store also has a laundry list of items for those who stray from pop life and like the grungier side of things.
The store sells Black Sabbath and Mötley Crüe back patches for your favorite jean jacket, and lighters with hard rock band logos printed on the outside.
– Alexandra Duggan
2035 Ferdinand’s Lane in Pullman
Online at cougarcheese.wsu.edu
The rest of the world is coming around to what many in the Inland Northwest already know: a can of Cougar Gold may as well be a nugget of the real thing.
The aged cheddar is having a renaissance lately after receiving acclaim in the foodie-media-sphere from publications Eater and Bon Appétit and the Rachel Ray show, but Washington State University’s signature cheese has been a staple of holiday dinner tables across the Northwest since 1948.
Cans retail in store at Ferdinand’s Creamery on the university’s Pullman campus for $30, a  more manageable price than the cost at some local supermarkets.  Another end-around hefty retail prices is to order directly from the creamery online at cougarcheese.wsu.edu for $33 plus the cost of shipping, with delivery available anywhere in the U.S.
In addition to WSU’s  signature cheddar, the creamery also offers a lineup of cheeses made by WSU Food Sciences students. There’s a smoky cheddar, a blazing Crimson Fire pepper-jack and the creamy, semi-soft Natural Viking.
Not sure what your loved one may like? The creamery offers gift cards that include free shipping when redeemed, as well as subscriptions to a cheese of the month club in which a fresh 30-ounce can is delivered for a period of three or eighth months.
Purchasing from the creamery helps the university offer competitive wages and work experience to student employees, and a portion of proceeds is funneled back into educational opportunities for the Food Sciences crafting the dairy delicacies, according to Ferdinand’s website.
– Nick Gibson







Omar and Dee Jones, of Betty Jean’s BBQ, specialize in Carolina style pulled pork, ribs, chicken, brisket, sides and more. They are located at 2926 E. 29th Avenue in Spokane. They also make three kinds of barbecue sauce that they bottle and sell at the restaurant.  (DAN PELLE/THE SPOKESMAN-REVIEW)
            
        


2926 E. 29th Ave. in Spokane
It’s been a tough 14 months for Betty Jean’s BBQ on Spokane’s South Hill.
A fire in October 2023 forced the restaurant to close, and it took until April to reopen.
Not long after, the business suffered another setback. The stretch of 29th Avenue out front was torn up for several weeks for repaving.
“When we reopened, we were welcomed to the welcome of road construction,” said Omar Jones, who owns Betty Jean’s with his wife, Dee Jones.
Omar Jones grew up in North Carolina and joined the Air Force, eventually ending up at Fairchild. On holidays, when he and other airmen stayed on base, he would cook big meals inspired by his grandparents’ southern cooking.
“I started cooking for them, and that’s when I started calling back home, saying, ‘Hey, grandma, how do I make this?’ ”
The Joneses opened a restaurant at Fairchild before opening on the South Hill.
His grandma, Betty Jean Jones, gave him instructions and recipes for much of what he cooks, including the restaurant’s Carolina Sweet and Sassy sauce.
It’s one of three barbecue sauces bottled at Betty Jean’s for purchase that can fill the stockings of Southern food aficionados. The other varieties are Carolina Hot and Carolina Gold, a mustard-based sauce.
“My favorite is the hot, but the crowd’s favorite is the sweet and sassy,” Omar Jones said. “It’s not really hot, but has just a little bit of the Southern twang to it.”
The sauces are sold at the restaurant. While there, stay for dinner or grab a gift certificate to check off other loved ones on your Christmas list.
Betty Jean’s Carolina sauces usually sell for $10 a bottle but are on sale for $7 all December.
– Jonathan Brunt







Kaniksu Brewing &amp; Supplies in Post Falls is a family-owned shop.  (Courtesy Kaniksu Brewing & Supplies)
            
        


4045 W. Riverbend Ave., Post Falls
For veteran homebrewers or newcomers learning to craft spirited beverages, Kaniksu Brewing & Supplies in Post Falls is a family-owned shop stocking the essentials for making beer, wine or hard cider.
The outlet also has a small brewery in the back to buy a glass of beer made by co-owner and longtime brewer Kris Herambourg, who welcomes questions about craft brewing. Homebrew classes are planned in the new year.
“We’re all about helping you learn how to make beer, wine and cider,” Herambourg said. “We can help teach you any of that, or help you get the supplies.”
Kaniksu carries a range of equipment, beer and wine kits, fresh hops, other ingredients and the bottling and packaging materials to cap it off. Additionally, the site hosts meetings of a homebrew club, Warriors of the Rotating Tap (“WORT”) Brewers.
If you’re unsure what to get a homebrewer, Kaniksu also sells gift cards.
You’ll find the shop in the southeast corner of Riverbend Place, once part of the former Post Falls Outlet Mall. Hours are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Mondays to Thursdays, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. Fridays, 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Saturdays and closed on Sundays.
– Treva Lind







Sage’s Portal  (Courtesy Eric Compogno)
            
        


611 E. Second Ave.
Sage’s Portal is the perfect place to find a gift for the nerdy hobby enthusiast. The board game café sells hundreds of different sets of dice meant to accompany Dungeons & Dragons. The role-playing game requires each player to carry different dice that roll from four numbers to twenty.
At Sage’s Portal, you can find ornate dice perfect for a friend who wants to immerse themselves in a fantasy world.
Owner Eric Compogno said he and his business partner wanted Sage’s Portal to be a “one-stop-shop for the coolest dice.”
The storefront also is a great place to spend an afternoon. A friend group can get the experience of a board game night without buying the game. Hundreds of games are available for play at Sage’s Portal. The café also sells food to eat while playing.
“Folks can come into Sage’s Portal and get a fantastic boba tea, coffee, grab a beer or enjoy a glass of wine,” Compogno said. “People are able to enjoy baked treats from Grain Shed, dim sum or a nice sandwich.”
– Amanda Sullender







Plants are for sale at The Bohemian in Spokane Valley on Monday, December 3, 2024.  (Kathy Plonka/The Spokesman-Revie)
            
        


12019 E. Sprague Ave. in Spokane Valley
Gift options galore fill displays at The Bohemian to cover a variety of tastes: refurbished furniture, crafted home decor, jewelry, household wares, apparel, plants, candles, soaps, vintage stock, and items for children and babies.
The source of the store’s abundance is more than 70 local artists who have crafted or restored products. Styles include farmhouse, rustic, industrial, vintage and modern, but the artists can do custom orders.
“You’re supporting over 70 businesses within one business, and that’s what makes The Bohemian so special,” said co-owner Danielle Golay. “There’s something for everyone.”
Another section holds wooden cutting boards, magnetic knife boards or trays for sitting on the couch to hold drinks and snacks. There are teas, blankets, pillows and holiday-themed gifts.
Golay and husband Riley opened The Bohemian in 2018. She has two relatives among the artists: mother Carol King, known as the “jewelry lady,” and sister Alicia Thibault, who refinishes furniture and does vintage decor.
King stocks a lot of vintage jewelry – rings, necklaces and earrings – including art deco and classic styles. Now, she’s cultivated a collection of men’s and women’s vintage watches – professionally repaired – in wind-up, mechanical and even solar-powered styles among major brands, all regaining popularity despite the takeover of smart devices.
The Bohemian’s hours are 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Mondays to Saturdays, and 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sundays.
– Treva Lind
1226 W. Summit Pkwy Suite 7003 in Spokane
There’s no gift that truly stands the test of time like the love of a mother, except, perhaps, the gifts available at Mom’s Custom Tattoo and Body Piercing in Kendall Yards.
Owned and operated by resident artist and “mom” Beth Swilling, the shop just celebrated its 10th anniversary at its location on Summit Parkway. Swilling said she and her team take great joy in providing a welcoming place for all interested in a tattoo, piercing or permanent jewelry fitting.
The shop also offers a wide assortment of shirts, fans and stickers designed by Swilling and fellow local artists, as well as some metaphysical items for those interested in crystals, tarot and funky candles.
“We don’t carry a huge volume of things, but we do have some wonderful, unique presents for the mystical, witchy person in your life,” Swilling said.
If opting for the gift card route, Swilling suggested having the recipient browse the artist’s profiles on the shop’s Instagram, @momsofspokane, or online at momstattoo.com to find the style right for them. Free consultations with the artists and piercers are also available by appointment.
“Instagram kind of has got the freshest stuff and information,” Swilling said. “It’s kind of the best way to find out things, like when we’re having guest artists. You can get plugged into everything there.”
– Nick Gibson







Printmaker Sarah Louise Windisch stands next to her marmot print at an art sale on Nov. 30 at the Women’s Club of Spokane. She also will be selling her work at the BrrrZAAR winter market on Dec. 14 at River Park Square.  (Jonathan Brunt/The Spokesman-Review)
            
        


Among the dozens of artists who will be at Terrain’s Brrrzar art market at River Park Square on Dec. 14
Online at slwindisch.com
Not long after Sarah Louise Windisch left a long career teaching elementary school music, she saw an image of a marmot on Instagram.
“It was this marmot that was in the Swiss Alps and probably supposed to be, you know, twirling about like it was in ‘The Sound of Music,’ but instead was, like, angry,” she said.
It became one of the first images she carved after she decided to make a go at being a professional printmaker.
“I couldn’t get that particular image out of my mind,” Windisch said. “I couldn’t get the side eye out of my mind. I couldn’t get the buckteeth out of my mind.”
Despite the European origins of her model, marmots are an unofficial Spokane mascot, and her print has been among her most popular. She sells the image on stickers, mugs and other items, often with phrases or words. “Nope” adorns many of them.
Windisch was introduced to printmaking in an art class at the University of Idaho, where she got her education degree. It became “a basement hobby” for the two decades she taught music in the Post Falls, Lakeland and Central Valley districts. Despite being a veteran educator, she was laid off from her job at Adams Elementary because she had only worked in the CV district a year.
“It was a year that they had hired too many teachers, and so anyone who got hired after a certain point got let go,” she said.
She started a website and began selling her prints at art shows.
Windisch sells much more than marmots. She did a print of the Garbage Goat for the golden anniversary of Expo ’74. Among her prints for sale are horses, sloths, pigeons and a bear riding a tricycle.
“I like to carve animals with great expressions, and all animals have really great expressions. But it seems like marmots have extra great expressions,” Windisch said. “Maybe it’s a rodent thing, and as a very large rodent you can see them better. I’m not sure, but I mean, they get their eyebrows in there, and they always look a little startled about everything.”
She’s also starting to do more portrait prints. She sells prints of musician Jon Batiste. She completed a Dolly Parton piece that was shown at a Dolly Parton art show in Knoxville, Tennessee. (That one was 3D and not available in a print.)
“I was really nervous to put art out there for people to experience, because that’s entirely different than teaching elementary school music,” Windisch said. “But having people find joy in goofy animals and sarcastic sayings and bright colors – it’s incredible. Making people happy with my art is a joy I couldn’t have imagined.”
– Jonathan Brunt







A picture of a variety of coffee blends from 395 Coffee was taken Dec. 4.  (Monica Carrillo-Casas/The Spokesman-Review)
            
        


Online at 395.coffee
395 Coffee is making holiday shopping easy for your coffee-loving friends and family.
Owned and roasted in Chewelah, John Raymond is relaunching what he calls a “395 Coffee Sampler Pack” for the holidays. This includes three 4-ounce bags of fresh whole bean coffee with roaster’s choice for $18. 
And with a variety of choices like “Loaded For Grizz,” a special blend of medium and dark roast coffee and “Diesel Smoke,” pure dark roasted coffee, it gives the customer the opportunity to try different flavors before settling on a favorite.
“It’s only made after you order it,” Raymond said. “My mission is to get the fresh stuff into your hands fast.”
Raymond also said he has two blends in partnership with local organizations in case you also want your gift to go toward a good cause.
The “Buddy Beans,” a bold mix of medium and dark roast coffee and a hint of chocolate, is inspired by Becky’s Best Buddies, a Chewelah-based dog rescue organization that took in 100 dogs in 2023.
The “Firefighter’s Blend,” a smooth blend of medium and dark roast coffee, is in support of Spokane’s Firefighters of Local 2916 Benevolent Association. Local 2916 is the union that represents Spokane County Fire District 9 crews.
A half-pound bag costs $13 for either blend, with a percentage of funds donated to the rescue. All other blends cost $18 and can be picked up at one of nine locations across Stevens County and northern Spokane County.
“We have a pickup location in Chewelah, in Springdale, in Kettle Falls, and then all the way up in Ferry County, if you can believe that,” Raymond said. The goal there is to make it as convenient as possible for you to pick up fresh roasted beans.”
– Monica Carrillo-Casas







A display of jewelry and frames from Daisy Marie Designs are showcased at a local farmer’s market.  (Courtesy Daisy Marie Hartley)
            
        


Among the many artisans who will be at BeYOUtiful Local Market in the NorthTown Mall in Spokane from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Dec. 16-24
Online at 946815-3.myshopify.com.
From her own garden or yours, Daisy Marie Hartley provides a unique take for gift-giving this year.
Hartley, owner of “Daisy Marie Designs,” turns handpicked flowers into timeless keepsakes by pressing them into jewelry and glass frames. Each piece of jewelry averages from $25 to $32, while frames average $22 to $30.
“If they don’t grow in my garden, then friends will bless me and let me pick from their garden, so they are all local flowers,” Hartley said.
For a gift that’s truly one-of-a-kind, she also takes custom orders for pieces featuring flowers with sentimental value. Prices for custom orders vary based on the size and style of the request.
Hartley will be showcasing her items at the BeYOUtiful Local Market in the Northtown Mall in Spokane from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Dec. 16-24.
– Monica Carrillo-Casas







Bree Caballero and Brandon Martell recently opened Static Age Vintage clothing and record store at 2814 N. Monroe St.  (COLIN MULVANY/THE SPOKESMAN-REVIEW)
            
        


2814 N. Monroe St. in Spokane
When walking into Static Age Vintage, which opened in May, someone might first be intrigued by a black and white shirt of Elvis Presley hanging on a mannequin. That’s until they turn around and see a hefty stack of records they might just spend hours sorting through.
The records are “hands-down the best used selection in town,” says the store’s vintage dealer, Brandon Martell. But the clothing, which hangs in easy-to-sort-through sections, is also quality.
Some shirts have humorous, vulgar sayings on the front. Others could feature a soda brand from 1985, a vintage rarity. Necklaces and glasses also line the walls next to the colorful array of clothes.
The store’s most recent find is a collection of vintage Harley-Davidson shirts.
“We have our own style and pick strictly rare-quality pieces. There is not a lot of filler in our shop,” Martell said. “My favorite thing in here changes every day.”
– Alexandra Duggan







The shelves at Deer Park Variety, 3 E. 1st Street in Deer Park, are overflowing with bounty.   (Elena Perry/The Spokesman-Review)
            
        


3 E. 1st Street in Deer Park
Though the city of Spokane offers dozens of thrift and vintage opportunities, a short road trip north to Deer Park is well worth the 40-minute drive from downtown for packed shelves, low prices and indiscriminate discounts to be found at Deer Park Variety.
There, you’ll find shelves, racks and display cases chock-full of vintage trinkets, collectible old books, glittering jewelry and furniture with notably low prices. It’s all by design, co-owner Victoria Huston said.
“It’s been great,” Huston said. “Now we are really blessed in this community, because people bring us donations, and with those donations, we benefit the community by offering them at a low amount.”
Signs on racks of shirts declare clothes to be $3 a piece, “or better,” they reassure. Co-owners Huston and her son Chris Still are known to negotiate with customers.
“How about four bucks?” Huston said as she rings up a pair of customers, shaving off a couple dollars from priced items.
“We’re all in this boat together,” she said, ringing them out and addressing each as “Sweetie” and “Hun.”
In addition to donated goods, the mother-and-son duo scour yard sales and liquidations for their stock. It’s a family business. Huston’s mother also was in the vintage resale business, and she’s been collecting since she was 16.
Huston and Still purchased the secondhand store in April after closing another resale location, Hillyard Variety.
To make the drive to Deer Park even more worth your while, immediately next door to Huston’s shop is Lost Treasures Thrift Shop, which sells scads of jewelry, brass and other vintage for one to peruse.
– Elena Perry







Never Enough Toys  (Amanda Sullender/The Spokesman-Review)
            
        


907 W. Boone, Suite B, in Spokane
You can get transported back to your childhood at Never Enough Toys, which sells new and vintage toys, some many decades old . 
Never Enough Toys has kids’ items  you might not find elsewhere and nostalgic gifts for adults who want to relive their childhood.
According to shop owner Aaron Nevers, he opened the shop two-and-a-half years ago because he “had a lot of toys.” About 30%  of toys in the shop are new, but the rest are decades old and often in their original packaging. 
Nevers said foot traffic at the store has already been “huge” for the holiday season, with a lot of sales over Black Friday weekend. 
– Amanda Sullender







Danny and Louisa Cash make a variety of custom wall art through their online business North Idaho Made. 
            
        


Online at northidahomade.com
Live that lake life.
The distinctive shape of one of the Inland Northwest’s lakes makes a great gift with a local flare.
Danny and Louisa Cash make a variety of custom wall art through their online business North Idaho Made. But they specialize in 3D wood lake maps.
It began with a laser -engraving prototype Danny Cash made of Lake Coeur d’Alene in 2015, Louisa Cash said. They posted a photo on social media, and requests started pouring in for other lakes in the area and across the country. That first map still hangs on the wall in their home.
The business is the full-time source of income for their family of six.
From their website, northidahomade.com, customers can order an array of designs with customizable options from their portfolio. Maps come in recessed and raised styles, and they can be engraved with a name or message.
Examples include major lakes like Lake Pend Oreille and Priest Lake, as well as smaller ones like Hayden Lake, Spirit Lake and Liberty Lake. They make occasional city and river maps, too.
For a smaller gift, they also make personalized Christmas ornaments.
The last day to order standard maps before the holiday will likely be Dec. 14. Depending on order volume, deadlines will be updated on their Instagram, @northidahomade.
– James Hanlon







Holli Brown, owner of the Candle Bar Co. in the Garland Business District holds one of her Christmas-scented candles on Wednesday, Dec. 4, 2024, at her shop at 817 W. Garland Ave.  (Jonathan Brunt/The Spokesman-Review)
            
        


817 W. Garland Ave. in Spokane
There are cool shops all over the Garland Business District for holiday shoppers.
Used records. Guitars. Retro toys. Antiques. Second-hand books and clothes. Clocks. Chris Bovey’s iconic prints.
But for a broader array of new, locally made gifts from multiple sources, scented or otherwise, try the Candle Bar Co., which splits its space with the Garland Mercantile.
Holli Brown, owner of Candle Bar Co., started to learn her craft about 15 years ago.
“I started making candles because I couldn’t afford to buy them,” she said. “So my mother-in-law would give me her empty candle containers and I just started researching how to make them.”
She opened a candle business in a storefront in Garland where her mom ran an interior design business. Eventually, she took over the whole space.
Brown makes the scented candles in the shop. Many on display this month are holiday aromas like “Christmas hearth” and “cranberry marmalade.” Customers can bring back their candle containers once the wax is gone or find other unique containers and bring them in. Brown will refill them for $1.25 per ounce of wax.
She said the Candle Bar Co. is the only candle refill business she knows of in Spokane, and the turnaround is faster than most candle refill businesses.
“It’s usually a couple-week process, but I’m usually done the next day unless we’re really busy,” she said.
All of her candles are made from soy.
“It’s a cleaner-burning wax and it’s a longer-burning wax,” Brown said.
In June, the Garland Mercantile moved into her shop, filling the store with many locally made items, including soaps, crafts, jams, toiletries and pottery.
“Everything in here is local,” Brown said.
– Jonathan Brunt







The Little Christmas Store in Sandpoint sells classic holiday goods and decor: nutcrackers, Idaho-themed ornaments, Santa dolls, German music boxes, nativity scenes, cards, stockings and other homey decorations.  (Manuela Frazier)
            
        


334 N 1st Ave, Sandpoint, Idaho
Tucked inside the Cedar Street Bridge Public Market – a unique shopping area built on a historic covered bridge over Sand Creek in downtown Sandpoint – there’s a hidden winter wonderland.
The Little Christmas Store sells classic holiday goods and decor: nutcrackers, Idaho-themed ornaments, Santa dolls, German music boxes, nativity scenes, cards, stockings and other homey decorations.
Owner Manuela Frazier said she tries to stock the shop with handmade items from around the world, like glass ornaments from Egypt and Ukraine or candle holders from Sweden. Gnome plushies with button noses poking out from their pointy hats are especially popular right now.
Open all year, Frazier said the little shop has had more traffic since another Christmas store in Coeur d’Alene closed a few years ago.
Why not take a little day trip north? While you’re there, peruse Cedar Street Bridge’s many other tiny shops and boutiques for gift ideas, like Sugar Tooth candy and chocolate, Sandpoint Toys, Gethsemane Oil and Vinegar, and Uniquely Sandpoint souvenirs.
“The bridge is fixed up so beautifully for Christmas right now,” Frazier said. “There are lights everywhere.”
- James Hanlon







Gina Campbell, owner of 1889 Salvage Co. in Spokane, sells vintage and antique  home décor, furniture, books, clothing and more.  (Garrett Cabeza / The Spokesman-Review)
            
        


2824 N. Monroe St. in Spokane
Those shopping for a loved one yearning for the old days can check out vintage and antique home décor, furniture, books and clothing at 1889 Salvage Co. in Spokane’s Emerson-Garfield Neighborhood.
Gina Campbell, self-described “sole proprietor and vintage enthusiast” of the North Monroe Street store, said her nine vendors offer something unique.
“You can always find something for the collector in your life,” she said.
Campbell said she has a great curated book vendor whose collection includes local authors and books covering comedy, dogs, cooking, nature and other relevant topics.
“I think his curation is what makes his space unique,” Campbell said. “Books are always an amazing gift.”
Vintage clothing to wear at upcoming holiday parties or sports items and beer signs to decorate a garage or “man cave” would make great gifts, she said.
“For the sports lovers, they’re, like, in heaven,” Campbell said.
Christmas displays consisting of glass ornaments, elves, Santas, coffee mugs and more can also be found in the antique store.
“That’s why I think vintage and antique stores are so great for gifts, because you can find that unique thing,” she said. “You can’t just find it anywhere. The fact that you found it and it’s perfect for that person, I think, makes the experience even better.”
Campbell has owned the store for eight years, including seven years at the current location. Store hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Saturday and 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sunday.
– Garrett Cabeza







The Great PNW has its flagship store in Kendall Yards 
            
        


1098 W. Summit Parkway in Spokane
Pacific Northwest fans – whether outdoorsy or not – began hunting for apparel from The Great PNW after the Spokane company began in 2013. Graphic designer and founder Joel Barbour worked in an ad agency before launching his designs with love for the region and its outdoor activities.
Customers at first could only find products online or at limited stores, but in 2022, the business opened a flagship Kendall Yards store with its T-shirts, sweatshirts, hoodies, hats and other items.
The designs often carry depictions of mountains, wildlife, trees or lakes. You’ll find its tagline of Upper Left USA, and even the Spokane-centric, such as an Expo ’74 hoodie.
Recently, more choices were added.
“Our apparel has expanded into a lot more custom work, like flannels that are well-designed but they don’t have big graphics,” Barbour said. “We now have jackets, custom headwear, belts and tons of socks.”
With the holidays, there’s a store-only $99 purchase promotion to get one specialty free product from a selection of socks, hats, beanies or water bottles. There’s also a seasonal sale.
Barbour said The Great PNW merchandise is now in about 70 Northwest stores and still available online, but in Spokane, items are only stocked at its store and at REI.
The Kendall Yards site is open 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Mondays to Saturdays and 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sundays.
– Treva Lind
Local journalism is essential.
Give directly to The Spokesman-Review's Northwest Passages community forums series -- which helps to offset the costs of several reporter and editor positions at the newspaper -- by using the easy options below. Gifts processed in this system are tax deductible.
Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it happens.
TDS Telecommunications continues expanding its high-speed, all-fiber internet network into more Spokane-area neighborhoods.
Follow Us
Support Local Journalism
Subscribe
Help
User

Advertising

More
Contact Us
© Copyright 2025, The Spokesman-Review | Community Guidelines | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright Policy