SAVE UP TO $150: Find major deals on JBL Bluetooth speakers at Amazon. Save up to $150 on portable speakers, like the JBL Boombox 3, which is down to $349.95 for 30% savings.
Bluetooth speakers are helpful year round, but in the summertime, they're exactly what you need for hosting or hanging out on the go. Maybe it's just me, but whether I'm at the beach or having dinner al fresco, I want to be able to listen to my favorite summer songs by Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter whenever I want.
JBL makes some of the best Bluetooth speakers that are portable and convenient, whether you're at home or on the move. Amazon is running deals across all different types of JBL speakers that you won't want to miss. Save up to $150 on JBL speakers and get ready to queue up 'Espresso'.
Out of all the Bluetooth speakers we've tested, the JBL Charge 5 is the best. It's the most well-rounded speaker with 20 hours of battery life and excellent audio quality. This summer, it can accompany you to the beach or pool as it's waterproof and dustproof. Even if it takes a dip, you'll still be able to listen to your playlist. 
Currently, it's marked down down to $139.95 for $40 off and 22% savings. For well under $200, this will be your go-to outdoor entertaining companion.
You never know when you'll stumble into an impromptu outdoor gathering in the summer. Meeting up with friends at the park and picnicking in the grass — what could be better? Well, ambiance always helps, so a clip-on speaker is compact and perfect for those spontaneous moments. The JBL Clip 4 is compact, with a built-in carabiner so you can hook it to your backpack or beach tote.
Like the Charge 5, it's waterproof and dustproof so you don't have to worry about bad weather. It's also a great option for bikers who want to listen to music on the go, but have safety concerns around wearing earbuds.
Usually priced at $79.95, it's a steal for $49.95, giving you 38% off and $30 in savings.
If you're hosting backyard BBQs this summer, get a speaker for a crowd like the JBL BoomBox 3. The top handle makes it easy to tote around. It is hefty, weighing over 14 pounds while the Charge 5 is only two pounds. However, it's sturdy and has insane battery life, lasting 24 hours. We're not hosting 24 hour ragers, but if we were, we'd reach for the JBL Boombox 3.
Don't worry about your party getting rained out, the JBL BoomBox 3 is waterproof and won't take damage. At $499.95, buying this speaker is an investment, so you don't want to miss it's markdown to $349.95, saving $150 for 30% off.

Topics
Bluetooth

Boston-based Shopping Reporter, Samantha Mangino, covers all things tech at Mashable, rounding up the best products and deals. She’s covered commerce for three years, spending extensive time testing and reviewing all things home, including couches, steam irons, and washing machines. She thoroughly vets products and internet trends, finding out if those cozy gamer chairs are really as comfortable as TikTok claims.