Theo Burman is a Newsweek Live News Reporter based in London, U.K. He writes about U.S. politics and international news, with a focus on infrastructure and technology. He has covered technological and cultural issues extensively in the U.S. and the U.K., such as the rise of Elon Musk and other tech figures within the conservative movement, and the development of high-profile international construction projects. Theo joined Newsweek in 2024 and has previously written for Dexerto, PinkNews, and News UK. He is a graduate of Durham University and News Associates. You can get in touch with Theo by emailing t.burman@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Saturday Night Live is back on for its first episode after the election on Tuesday, which saw President-elect Donald Trump win a decisive victory over Vice President Kamala Harris.
In 2016, Kate McKinnon, who played Hillary Clinton, performed a cover of Leonard Cohen's "Hallelujah" to mark the beginning of Trump's first presidency. It is not yet known how the show will respond to this week's events tonight.
Last week's episode saw comedian John Mulaney return to host for the sixth time, with MTV Award-winning singer-songwriter Chappell Roan performing live.
Playing the vice president for SNL's Season 50 is Maya Rudolph and the former president is acted by James Austin Johnson.
Rudolph has been playing Harris' character for a long time, and has featured on the show as a number of icons between 2000 to 2007. She returned to the show in 2021.
Johnson gained attention for his impression of Trump even before joining SNL in 2021, by posting videos on his social media accounts.
Actor Alec Baldwin famously played Trump during the Republican's first run for president and then during his presidency. Baldwin's performance won him an Emmy in 2017 and two more nominations in 2018 and 2021.
Coming back to SNL in this season, the actor played Fox News' Bret Baier to debate Rudolph as Harris, parodying their interview last month, in an episode on October 19.
Tonight's episode, hosted by comedian Bill Burr will start at 11:30 p.m. ET on NBC, with the streaming available to watch next day on Peacock.
The November 16 guest host will be Charlie XCX, who will be hosting the show for the first time.
The singer, who's latest album brat reached third spot on the Billboard 200 chart, was a musical guest for the first time in December 2014, and appeared in a March 2022 episode with host Oscar Isaac.
Tonight's musical guest is Michael Todd Gordon, better known by his stage name Mk.gee.
Mk.gee gained fame after directing his own movie Two Star & the Dream Police.
It was reported by Rolling Stone that the singer was endorsed by Eric Clapton as the brightest new guitarist around.
Charlie XCX will be on double duty as the host and musical guest on November 16. She recently shared a promotional image for that episode alongside the words, "oh f***."
Do you have a story we should be covering? Do you have any questions about this article? Contact  LiveNews@newsweek.com.
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Theo Burman is a Newsweek Live News Reporter based in London, U.K. He writes about U.S. politics and international news, with a focus on infrastructure and technology. He has covered technological and cultural issues extensively in the U.S. and the U.K., such as the rise of Elon Musk and other tech figures within the conservative movement, and the development of high-profile international construction projects. Theo joined Newsweek in 2024 and has previously written for Dexerto, PinkNews, and News UK. He is a graduate of Durham University and News Associates. You can get in touch with Theo by emailing t.burman@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Theo Burman is a Newsweek Live News Reporter based in London, U.K. He writes about U.S. politics and international news, with a focus on infrastructure and technology. He has covered technological and cultural issues extensively in the U.S. and the U.K., such as the rise of Elon Musk and other tech figures within the conservative movement, and the development of high-profile international construction projects. Theo joined Newsweek in 2024 and has previously written for Dexerto, PinkNews, and News UK. He is a graduate of Durham University and News Associates. You can get in touch with Theo by emailing t.burman@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Theo Burman is a Newsweek Live News Reporter based in London, U.K. He writes about U.S. politics and international news,                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC