Prepare to pick your jaw up off the floor.
San Francisco’s Outside Lands Music Festival just announced their 2024 lineup and it’s a barn burner.
Taking place Aug. 9-11 at Golden Gate Park, this year’s top headliners include Hip-Hop icon Tyler The Creator, rapidly rising pop star Chappell Roan, rock vets The Killers, indie darlings The Postal Service, and the new Regina George aka Reneé Rapp.
They’ll be joined by Sturgill Simpson, Gryffin, Chris Lake, Kaytranada, and Jungle.
Other biggies rounding out the bill include Grace Jones, Schoolboy Q, Young The Giant, Killer Mike, and Slowdive.
Yes, Post Malone will be on hand to perform a handful of country tunes, too.
Plus, “The Wire” star Idris Elba is also scheduled to drop by for a DJ set.
If you can’t wait to get your hands on Outside Lands passes, you can pick them up as soon as today.
Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Wednesday, April 24, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete listing of all Outside Lands single and multi-day passes can be found below.
In total, 96 (!) acts are slated to rock Outside Lands’ stages over the mid-August three-day weekend.
For a closer look at who’ll be there, take a look at the festival’s official poster here:
If Outside Lands isn’t in the cards for you, there’s no need to freak, music fans.
A major multi-day musical extravaganza just might be coming to a city near you soon.
Don’t believe us?
Here are just five huge fests hitting other parts of the country in the next few months.
Curious about what else is out there?
Take a gander at the 63 biggest music festivals in 2024 to find the one for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change