Trick-or-treaters out across the region donned impressive outfits to give homeowners a fright.


  Kids of all ages dressed up in scary costumes for the annual festival with the weather holding up for an evening of door knocking.


  Youngsters dressed as aliens, pumpkins, ghosts and more as they took to the streets with their jack-o’-lanterns.


Trick-or-treaters in Darlington. (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) Popular outfit themes this year’s are said to have included pop sensation Chappell Roan and the new Beetlejuice film.


  Pumpkins, skeletons and ghosts adorned homes across the UK for Halloween this year, with some families working for “months” to kit out their homes in spooky décor.


A spooky skeleton walks the streets of Hunwick, County Durham. (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) Halloween has its origins in the Western Christian feast of All Saints’ Day. It begins the observance of Allhallowtide - the time in the liturgical year dedicated to remembering the dead, including saints, martyrs and all the faithful departed.


Poppy Fraser and Astrid Davison are frightening cheerleaders. (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) Lennox, Ebony and Beau make a terrifying trio. (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) Hunwick for Halloween pictured Jason Blanchflower, Callum Baring, Megan Stonebanks and Mollie Stonebank outside the girls' impressive Halloween house. (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) A wizard walking the streets. (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) Frightening costumes on display in Hunwick. (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) Are twins Finley & Robbie Calvert cute or petrifying? (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) 




 Some went all out on their costumes. (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) Kanan Chaurley, Ellen-Ann Wright and Esme Greenwood out in Hunwick. (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT) (Image: SARAH CALDECOTT)


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.