More results...

What's in Boulder's headphones?
School is back in Boulder, but we all know the best education happens on your turntable. There’s plenty to learn from the cheeky pop of Sabrina Carpenter or the snarling post-punk of Fontaines D.C. — both of whom make an appearance in the latest round-up of new vinyl bestsellers at Paradise Found Records and Music (1646 Pearl St.). These are the sounds welcoming the class of 2028. Sko Buffs!
Past issue archives: starting with most recent, back to late 2009
Our sponsors love Boulder
ON THE BILL: Midwest emo torchbearers The Get Up Kids return to the Front Range with support from Chicago pop-punk…
[Update: 10:35 a.m. Friday, Sept. 6]: Stephen Redfearn will be Boulder’s new police chief, the city announced in a Friday…

Ask a psych-rock fan if they could visit a moment of time, anywhere in the world, and chances are they’ll shoot back with 1960s San Francisco. Most fanatics of any genre would give anything to be p...

Genre scrambling folk-pop breakout Ethel Cain made history last month as the first openly trans artist to crack the Billboard Top 10 with the vinyl reissue of her 2022 album, Preacher’s Daughter. T...

Living funk legends George Clinton & Parliament Funkadelic take the stage at Denver’s Ogden Theatre on May 7 for a performance that’s guaranteed to be out of this world. Since their origins i...
Adolescent cannabis use has decreased for…
So-called “dark money” has entered the…
ARIES (March 21-April 19): The term…
Welcome to our 2024 Primary Vote…
Picture in your mind’s eye the…
ON THE BILL: Following last week’s…
Movement Workshop6:30-7:30 p.m. Thursday, June 13,…
© Copyright  Boulder Weekly - 2025
Designed and Developed by Opie Productions – a Colorado Company
Due to severe weather this past week, Boulder Weekly is currently experiencing phone outages. We have contacted our phone providers and repair technicians and hope to have this resolved soon. In the meantime, you can contact us via email at [email protected].