ALTER’s saying “Good Luck, Babe!” to horror and music fans alike this Halloween as their newest offering hits the “the number one global platform of discovery for rabid horror fans.” On October 10, the platform will be re-releasing Posies, a body horror short featuring a score written by none other than pop’s biggest icon at the moment: Chappell Roan, the voice behind hits like “HOT TO GO!” and “Naked in Manhattan.” 
Posies stars Titans’ Anna Diop as a woman attempting to stop her inevitable transformation into a monster by hiding flowers under her skin — though how long she can hold off the change is anyone’s guess. She co-stars alongside Andy Favreau, in the short directed by Rachel Stavis and Katherine Fisher, from a script by Stavis, and executive produced by Pamela Adlon. 
“Having Chappell Roan’s creativity and intensity strewn throughout POSIES by way of the score that she so eloquently created was a dream come true,” said Stavis. “Our earliest discussions about this project centered around using her greatest instrument – her voice – to create a haunting, emotional, and atmospheric depth to the film. She captured exactly what we envisioned for this and did it virtually on her first try. It was extraordinary. She has an amazing gift of storytelling through music, and her composition remains one of the most unique and unforgettable elements of the film. We’re beyond grateful that she was able to create something so special – specifically for me and my audience – before her inevitable rise to fame.”
The film also features Roan’s track “Bitter,” released as a single in 2018. The drag-inspired starlet, whose popularity rocketed to stardom this past fall when her debut album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess has been producing music since 2014e, first under her birth name and then under her adopted stage name, dedicated to her grandfather. She achieved major success after opening for Olivia Rodrigo on her GUTS! World tour, and recently topped the charts with her follow-up single, “Good Luck, Babe!”.
“When we sourced POSIES from NFFTY, we knew it embodied the kind of boundary-pushing storytelling that ALTER is known for championing,” said Sophie Carroll, Director of Creative at Gunpowder & Sky’s ALTER and DUST. “Rachel’s powerful narrative combined with Chappell Roan’s hauntingly beautiful score creates a masterclass in atmosphere and emotion. With Rachel now developing feature films and television projects and Chappell rising as a household name, POSIES perfectly illustrates why ALTER is dedicated to discovering and nurturing the next generation of horror innovators.”
Posies premieres on ALTER on October 10. Check out the trailer for the short below: 



Post Tags:

#alter
#anna diop
#chappell roan
#posies
#shorts



A self-professed Babe With the Power and bad movie enthusiast, Maggie Boccella is a pop culture junkie whose work also appears on Collider, Blossom Mag, and Certified Forgotten, as well as her podcast Girlies for McGann. When not writing, she's probably watching a schlocky horror movie (Slumber Party Massacre 2 forever) or reading a murder mystery.
Get weekly news, editorials, rare images from the Fango vault, special deals and more. It's like getting a mini of FANGORIA every week in your inbox.
The World's Best Horror and Cult Film Magazine Since 1979.
Required reading for the horror community.