Manage your account
Before Chappell Roan had fans roaring Pink Pony Club, there was a different pony club that used to have Texans excited.
The SMU Mustangs were once a dominant football program before the NCAA's "death penalty" ceased their future.
Now after more than 30 years, SMU has returned to their championship form. This Saturday, the No. 8 ranked Mustangs take on No. 17 ranked Clemson in the ACC championship game and a bid for the College Football Playoff.
The Mustangs went 11-1 this season and were a perfect 8-0 in their first season in the ACC.
SMU's fall has been well documented. ESPN's 30 For 30 series documentary "Pony Excess" tells the story of how SMU received the "death penalty" after years of dominating the Southwest Conference. SMU alumni and star running back Erik Dickerson often expressed his disappointment in his former college for how uncompetitive the football program was.
Here is what to know about the NCAA's "death penalty," and how SMU football recovered.
According to NCAA.org, the "death penalty" is a sanction the NCAA can impose on a collegiate sports program, involving suspending a school’s athletic program for at least one season due to severe and repeated rule violations.
Here is what the penalties are:
The prohibition of some or all outside competition in the sport involved in the latest major violation for one or two sports seasons and the prohibition of all coaching staff members in that sport from involvement (directly or indirectly) in any coaching activities at the institution during that period.
The elimination of all initial grants-in-aid and recruiting activities in the sport involved in the latest major violation in question for a two-year period.
All institutional staff members serving on the NCAA Board of Directors, Leadership, Legislative, Presidents or Management Councils, Executive Committee, or other Association governance bodies must resign. All institutional representatives shall be ineligible to serve on any NCAA committee for a period of four years.
The institution must relinquish its Association voting privileges for a four-year period.
On February 25, 1987, the NCAA announced that SMU would receive the death penalty, canceling the following season and revoking numerous scholarships from the program.
SMU was penalized in a scandal known as pay-for-play. The college was placed on probation five times for improper benefits.
According to The Dallas Morning News, an NCAA investigation uncovered that in 1985 and 1986, thirteen players received a combined total of $61,000 from a slush fund supplied by a booster. The payments, ranging from $50 to $725 per month, began just one month after SMU was placed on its most recent probation.
SMU didn't play football in the 1987 and 1988 seasons. The private college lost several recruits. Off-campus recruiting was prohibited until August 1988, and prospective recruits were not allowed to make paid campus visits until the beginning of the 1988-89 academic year.
Very bad. Over the 33 seasons after returning to play in 1989, SMU compiled a record of 136-242-3. The Mustangs didn’t appear in another bowl game until 2009, playing in the Hawaii Bowl, and didn’t secure another conference championship until 2023.
Players are now legally able to get paid through name, image, and likeness deals.
It refers to the rights of student-athletes to earn money from the use of their personal brand. This can include activities like endorsements, sponsorships, appearances, social media promotions, and signing autographs.
Before the NCAA adopted the NIL policy, student-athletes were not allowed to receive compensation for such activities, but the new rules now permit them to monetize their fame without jeopardizing their eligibility to play college sports.
In the 2023-24 season, the university set a fundraising record of $159 million.
This article originally appeared on Austin American-Statesman: From death penalty to ACC championship, SMU football makes comeback