"You were so disrespectful to me."
 Chappell Roan is asking for a super-graphic, ultra-modern apology.

 The "Good Luck, Babe" singer called out a photographer she said was rude to her on the red carpet (or, more accurately, purple carpet) at the premiere of Netflix's Olivia Rodrigo: Guts World Tour concert film on Friday.

Frazer Harrison/Getty
 But the rudeness in question didn't occur at that event. Instead, it seems the musician remembered the photographer from a different party earlier this year.

 "You were so disrespectful to me at the Grammys," Roan said after approaching the photographer in footage Entertainment Weekly captured of the altercation. "You yelled at me at the Grammy party. At the Universal after-party. I remember."

 The singer did, indeed, attend Universal's Grammys after-party following the 66th Annual Grammy Awards on Feb. 4, 2024. Other guests at the event included Conan Gray, Adrien Brody, Pentatonix, and Paris Jackson.

 Roan continued, "You were so rude to me. I deserve an apology for that. Yeah. Yep, you do. No, no, no. You need to apologize."

 One of the singer's representatives can then be seen pulling her aside to continue walking down the carpet.

 This isn't the first time Roan has called out bad behavior on the red carpet. The "Hot to Go" singer made waves at the 2024 Video Music Awards last month after someone from the photo pit yelled "shut the f--- up" near her and she responded, "You shut the f--- up." It wasn't completely clear what transpired between the singer and the photographer at that event, but Roan was later seen pointing at someone and saying, "Don't. Not me, bitch."

Gilbert Flores/Variety via Getty
 Roan reflected on that experience in an interview with Entertainment Tonight shortly after. "It's just quite overwhelming and quite scary," the singer said. "I think for someone who gets a lot of anxiety around people yelling at you, the carpet is horrifying. And I yelled back. I yelled baaack. You don't get to yell at me like that."

 Although that Grammys after-party happened just nine months ago, Roan is at a very different point in her career than she was at the beginning of the year. Since the Grammys the singer has gained a substantial following while opening for Rodrigo at nearly two dozen of her Guts shows in the spring. Her performance for NPR's Tiny Desk Concerts also went viral during her time on the tour, and her festival sets this summer quickly gained enormous attention. By June, her number of streaming listeners had increased by 2,000%. She also declined an invitation to perform at the White House.

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 Following her unusually rapid ascension to superstardom, Roan has been candid about the challenges of sudden fame. The singer stopped a concert in June to reflect on the difficulty of all the new media attention, and has repeatedly ranted on social media about fans violating her boundaries.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)