From Chappell Roan's sexy, see-through look to Karol G's red-hot dress, see the fiercest fashions from every celebrity on the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards red carpet.
The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards red carpet is officially out of this world.
The proof? Music's biggest stars have begun arriving to the Sept. 11 award show at New York's UBS Arena in Moon Person-worthy looks that are truly awe-inspiring.
Karol G set the red carpet on fire in a form-fitting dress covered in orange and yellow flames. The "Provenza" singer rocked an equally fiery bold red lip and her blond hair parted down the middle. The Colombian star completed her sizzling look with yellow heels.
Meanwhile, BLANKPINK's Lisa debuted one of her most edgy looks ever rocking a long-sleeved, hooded nude gown that featured a stunning corset.
When it came to the men, Teen Wolf alum Colton Haynes looked dapper in a gray suit and unbuttoned collared shirt that flashed a hint of his chest while rapper Rauw Alejandro went classic in an all-black suit and tie. And Lenny Kravitz stayed true to his signature sexy style.
Plus, Chappell Roan dropped jaws in a sexy see-through look with nails that could kill.
But there are still plenty more OMG looks to come throughout the night.
Some of the night's biggest nominees—including Sabrina Carpenter, Post Malone and Olivia Rodrigo—have yet to arrive in what are sure to be must-see ensembles. (See the full list of nominees here.)
And Taylor Swift, who leads the 2024 VMAs pack with a whopping 12 nominations, is known "All Too Well" for making a splash at the VMAs. In addition to her bold style sense, the singer could break another record at this year’s ceremony if she takes home the Video of the Year win for “Fortnight.” 
Taylor could be the first artist to not only win the category three years in a row, but also win the accolade five times in her career.
While you wait to see who takes home a Moon Person tonight, keep reading to see all the stars arriving on the red carpet before the VMAs show.
Addison Rae
In Miss Claire Sullivan
Taylor Swift
In Christian Dior
Megan Thee Stallion
In Nicole + Felicia
Katy Perry
In Who Decides War
Lil Nas X
Sabrina Carpenter
In vintage Bob Mackie
Megan Thee Stallion
Camila Cabello
In Tony Ward
Halle Bailey
In Sophie Couture
Chappell Roan
In Y/Project
Paris Hilton
In Celia Kritharioti
Shawn Mendes
In Dolce & Gabbana
Halsey
In vintage Versace
Miranda Lambert
Coco Jones
In Lever Couture and Jared Atelier jewelry
Lisa
In Mugler
Lenny Kravitz
Colton Haynes
Karol G
In Véronique Leroy
Anitta
In Dolce & Gabbana
Tinashe
In Rick Owens
Alessandra Ambosio
Rauw Alejandro
In Saint Laurent
Tyler Posey
Big Sean
GloRilla
Chanel West Coast
Lauren Sorrentino & Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino
Tyla
In Area 
Jordan Chiles
In Off-White
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.