Sabrina Carpenter will perform perform at Outside Lands Music Festival on Aug. 10.Getty Images
Outside Lands Music Festival is coming in August 2024, and now you can catch Sabrina Carpenter headlining.
After Tyler The Creator dropped out of several festivals, including Outside Lands, Sabrina Carpenter took over the headlining spot for the Aug. 10 festival day.
The San Francisco festival will take place from Aug. 9-11 at Golden Gate Park.
Besides Sabrina Carpenter, The Killers and Sturgill Simpson will headline the California-based festival.
Post Malone will also perform a special country music set on Aug. 11.
In addition to all the live music, festivalgoers hit the dancefloor at a club inspired by San Francisco nightlife and enjoy food from Bay Area restaurants and food trucks along with wine and gin booths.
Read More: The 9 biggest music festivals coming to N.J. that you can’t miss
In addition to the headliners, several other fan-favorite artists will perform at Outside Lands Music Festival.
The other performers include Daniel Caesar, Reneé Rapp, Chappell Roan, Victoria Monét, The Postal Service and so many others.
If you want to buy tickets to attend Outside Lands Music Festival, there are a tickets still available on the website.
However, tickets also are available to purchase on the secondary market. Music festival fans can buy tickets on Vivid Seats, StubHub, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 with the promo code NJ20 at checkout.
You can find the full lineup and schedule for Outside Lands Music Festival here.
Outside Lands Music Festival is not the only festival going on this year.
Here is a list of upcoming festivals you do not want to miss: Sea.Hear.Now Festival, Oceans Calling Festival, Louder Than Life Music Festival and Lollapalooza.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices