By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Private Policy and Terms of Use.
Chappell Roan rocks SNL with lesbian country anthem debut
Chappell Roan rocks SNL with lesbian country anthem debut
Chappell Roan on 'Saturday Night Live.'
"All you country boys saying you know how to treat a woman right? Only a woman knows how to treat a woman right," Chappell Roan declared while performing her new song for the first time on Saturday Night Live.
The Gay Yeehaw Agenda is alive and well.
Chappell Roan debuted a brand-new song called "The Giver" while performing as the musical guest on Saturday Night Live on the evening of November 2, 2024. The episode, which started with a special appearance from Vice President Kamala Harris, ended on the highest of highs as Roan sang about "getting the job done" in what's being immediately considered a lesbian country anthem.
"Ain't got antlers on the walls, but I sure know mating calls… the stalls in the bars on a Friday night," Roan sang. "I know the boys may need a map, but I can close my eyes and have you wrapped around my fingers like that."
The chorus went, "You ain't got to tell me; it's just in my nature. So, take it like a taker, 'cause baby, I'm a giver. Ain't no need to help me, 'cause baby I deliver… ain't no country boy quitter. I get the job done. I get the job done."
 —  (@)
        Roan sang in the second verse:"Girl, I don't need no pickup truck, revvin' loud to pick you up, 'cause how I look is how I touch. And in the strip mall town of dreams, good luck finding a man who has the means to rhinestone cowgirl all night long."After reprising the chorus, Roan took us to a yeehaw bridge that delivered a clear message. "All you country boys saying you know how to treat a woman right?" Roan teased. "Only a woman knows how to treat a woman right. She gets the job done!"The "giver" of a queer relationship is, of course, another word for "top." So, yeah, Chappell Roan just made her SNL debut by coming out as a top, and we're literally screaming.On October 21, producer Dan Nigro told The New York Times that he started working with Roan on her sophomore album back in July.Nigro revealed that they had worked on a "fun, up-tempo country song" that included "a fiddle," teasing that it would show "a new version of Chappell." The producer added that they had worked on five new tracks, such as "The Subway," which is reportedly about Roan performing at live concerts. Moreover, Nigro spilled that Roan's sophomore album will include "a couple of ballads and a mid-tempo rock song."Over a week later, on October 29, Billboard published a report exploring the many hints that Roan had been dropping about the upcoming album — making references to the dating show Love Island and showing a series of Polaroid pictures that included the sentence "she gets the job done."Well, now we know that those are lyrics from "The Giver"! —  (@)
        But that's not all!While we're obviously excited about Roan's new song and this cvntry performance on Saturday Night Live, the Midwest Princess also performed her queer anthem "Pink Pony Club" as her first musical number.In hindsight, it felt poetic for Roan to go from "Pink Pony Club" — a song about exploring her queerness and finding a safe space — to "The Giver," her new bop about being a lesbian top who can get the job done better than any boring country boy.We're never going to get tired of "Pink Pony Club," and this SNL performance is definitely one for the books.Oh, and before we leave you, one last thing!About a month ago, a group of annoying, chronically online folks tried to accuse Bowen Yang of making fun of Chappell Roan in a sketch where he impersonated Moo Deng the Hippo. The SNL and Wicked star shared a statement shutting down those claims, and we presented plenty of evidence proving that Yang had already been stanning Roan for years before she reached this level of superstardom.So, please enjoy this adorable moment between Roan and Yang holding hands at the end of what can only be described as a legendary episode of Saturday Night Live and a full-circle moment for that ridiculous discourse to just go away. —  (@)
        Chappell Roan, the icon that you are!Saturday Night Live airs on NBC and is available for streaming on Peacock.See on Instagram
Roan sang in the second verse:
"Girl, I don't need no pickup truck, revvin' loud to pick you up, 'cause how I look is how I touch. And in the strip mall town of dreams, good luck finding a man who has the means to rhinestone cowgirl all night long."
After reprising the chorus, Roan took us to a yeehaw bridge that delivered a clear message. "All you country boys saying you know how to treat a woman right?" Roan teased. "Only a woman knows how to treat a woman right. She gets the job done!"
The "giver" of a queer relationship is, of course, another word for "top." So, yeah, Chappell Roan just made her SNL debut by coming out as a top, and we're literally screaming.
On October 21, producer Dan Nigro told The New York Times that he started working with Roan on her sophomore album back in July.
Nigro revealed that they had worked on a "fun, up-tempo country song" that included "a fiddle," teasing that it would show "a new version of Chappell." The producer added that they had worked on five new tracks, such as "The Subway," which is reportedly about Roan performing at live concerts. Moreover, Nigro spilled that Roan's sophomore album will include "a couple of ballads and a mid-tempo rock song."
Over a week later, on October 29, Billboard published a report exploring the many hints that Roan had been dropping about the upcoming album — making references to the dating show Love Island and showing a series of Polaroid pictures that included the sentence "she gets the job done."
Well, now we know that those are lyrics from "The Giver"!
But that's not all!
While we're obviously excited about Roan's new song and this cvntry performance on Saturday Night Live, the Midwest Princess also performed her queer anthem "Pink Pony Club" as her first musical number.
In hindsight, it felt poetic for Roan to go from "Pink Pony Club" — a song about exploring her queerness and finding a safe space — to "The Giver," her new bop about being a lesbian top who can get the job done better than any boring country boy.
We're never going to get tired of "Pink Pony Club," and this SNL performance is definitely one for the books.
Oh, and before we leave you, one last thing!
About a month ago, a group of annoying, chronically online folks tried to accuse Bowen Yang of making fun of Chappell Roan in a sketch where he impersonated Moo Deng the Hippo. The SNL and Wicked star shared a statement shutting down those claims, and we presented plenty of evidence proving that Yang had already been stanning Roan for years before she reached this level of superstardom.
So, please enjoy this adorable moment between Roan and Yang holding hands at the end of what can only be described as a legendary episode of Saturday Night Live and a full-circle moment for that ridiculous discourse to just go away.
Chappell Roan, the icon that you are!
Saturday Night Live airs on NBC and is available for streaming on Peacock.
See on Instagram