Stevie Nicks performs at the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival on Sunday, June 19, 2022 in Manchester, Tenn. (Photo by Amy Harris/Invision/AP)Amy Harris/Invision/AP
The last time Stevie Nicks appeared on “Saturday Night Live,” the biggest movies of the year included “Return of the Jedi,” “Flashdance” and “WarGames.”
That night in 1983, Nicks performed her hits “Stand back” and “Nightbird” on an “SNL” episode hosted by comedian Flip Wilson.
Rock’s witchy queen will finally return to 30 Rockefeller Plaza. The show announced this week Nicks is set to be the guest on the Oct. 12 episode hosted by singer Ariana Grande, who’s starring in the upcoming film adaptation of popular stage musical “Wicked.”
A post shared by Saturday Night Live (@nbcsnl)
The Nicks/Grande ep is part of the 50th season of “SNL.” The iconic sketch comedy show’s gold-anniversary season opens Sept. 28 with host Jean Smart and musical guest Jelly Roll. Other bookings this season include: Nate Bargatze/Coldplay on Oct. 5, Michael Keaton/Billie Eilish on Oct. 19, and John Mulaney/Chappell Roan on Nov. 2.
In 2019, Nicks became the first female two-time Rock & Roll Hall of Fame inductee. She was first enshrined with Fleetwood Mac and then as a solo artist.
An Arizona native, Nicks is known for solo hits like “Edge of Seventeen” and Tom Petty duet “Stop Draggin’ My Heart Around,” as well as singing Mac classics like “Rhiannon,” “Landslide” and “Gypsy.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices