Current Issue Details
Published: 2024/11/08

The official nominees for the 67th Annual Grammy Awards have arrived. The Recording Academy’s assessment of the most influential music of 2024 largely stays true to popular discourse, highlighting the artists that recently dominated the charts and high-profile stages. This year, Beyoncé, Sabrina Carpenter, Charli XCX, Billie Eilish, Kendrick Lamar, Chappell Roan, Taylor Swift and Post Malone each accumulate several nominations for their respective media moments, while some surprises and broken records will add intrigue to the 2025 ceremony. Read on for the complete list of nominees.
Beyoncé leads the charge in 2025’s Grammy forecast, picking up a commanding 11 new nominations. This lot brings the pop icon’s career nominations to a total of 99, breaking a tie with her husband Jay-Z to establish her as the most nominated artist of all time; Beyoncé was already the decorated artist in the history of the ceremony, with 32 wins that lead Hungarian-British conductor Sir Georg Solti’s 31 and 28 earned by multi-hyphenate producer Quincy Jones, who passed on Monday, Nov. 4. This year, Beyoncé is recognized in all four country categories for Cowboy Carter, as well as Song, Record and Album of the Year, the last of which she has not yet won.
Beyond the undisputed queen, the Big Four nominations (Song of the Year, Record of the Year, Album of the Year and Best New Artist) are lined with nods to Carpenter, Charli, Eilish, Lamar and Malone, who each received seven nominations, and Carpenter, Roan and Swift, who earned six. Roan and Carpenter join the elite cohort of artists simultaneously nominated for all four General Field awards, among just 14 other distinguished artists including Cyndi Lauper, Tracy Chapman, Amy Winehouse, Mariah Carey, Eilish, Lizzo and indie-pop trio fun, featuring October-November Relix cover artist Jack Antonoff.
After receiving the Producer of the Year, Non-Classical award in 2022, 2023 and 2024, Antonoff was not nominated again for 2025, concluding a run for a record-breaking four consecutive wins in the category. He did, however, receive seven nominations this year, including two each in Album and Song of the Year for his work with Carpenter and Swift.
Other Relix associated artists nominated this year include Maggie Rose, Billy Strings, The Black Crowes, Gillian Welch & David Rawlings, The Del McCoury Band, Rhiannon Giddens, Brittany Howard, T Bone Burnett, Shemekia Copeland, Arooj Aftab, Julian Lage, Waxahatchee, Meshell Ndegeocello, Adrianne Lenker, The Wailers, Norah Jones, Lake Street Dive, Khruangbin, Chick Corea & Béla Fleck, Four Tet, The Black Keys, Pearl Jam, André 3000, IDLES, Robert Glasper, Lalah Hathaway,  St. Vincent, Cimafunk, Justice, Jack White, Sister Sadie, Cage The Elephant, Common & Pete Rock, Ryuichi Sakamoto,  Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds, Kim Gordon, Kacey Musgraves, Milton Nascimento & esperanza spalding, Ambrose Akinmusire, Chris Stapleton and Sierra Ferrell.
Visit grammy.com for the compete list of nominees for the 67th Annual Grammy Awards. On Oct. 23, the Recording Academy selected the Grateful Dead as its 2025 MusiCares Persons of the Year; read more here.
A post shared by Recording Academy / GRAMMYs (@recordingacademy)
No Comments comments associated with this post