Support independent journalism, free from the trades and other publications that are part of the tinsel town machine.
For 12 years, Showbiz411.com has been covering Hollywood, Broadway, the music business and the business of celebrity. Ads are our main source of funding, but contributions (not tax exempt) from readers who enjoy the scoops, exclusives, and fact based reports are always welcome and very appreciated. To inquire about ads, email us at showbiz411@gmail.com.
Share
“Saturday Night Live” had been on a hot ratings run this fall, bringing in as many as 6.9 million viewers with host John Mulaney and singer Chappell Roan two weeks ago.
Lorne Michaels has been booking star after star, with Billie Eiliish, Stevie Nicks, Coldplay, and Jelly Roll all major attractions. 
But this past weekend “SNL” sank like a rock to its lowest numbers so far. The show with Bill Burr as host and completely unknown musician mk.gee tracked only 4.42 million. It was a shade lower than the Coldplay episode which had Nate Bargatze as host. Burr and Bargatze are talented, but they are not the caliber star the show needs to score ratings.
This week, pop star Charlie XCX is both host and musical guest. Why? Who knows? Her “Brat” album was a thing all summer, but that’s over now. Will she be a draw? We’ll see.
A big loss for “SNL” is Maya Rudolph playing Kamala Harris and Andy Samberg as Doug  Emhoff. The election debacle has rendered them moot. Hopefully we’ll see a lot of James Austin Johnson as Donald Trump as the sadly elected winner starts adding his cronies to his cabinet. So far, Trump has managed to find the biggest idiots in his circle to run the country. 
Showbiz411 is now in its 13th year of providing breaking and exclusive entertainment news. This is an independent site, unlike the many Hollywood trades that are owned by one company. To continue providing news that takes a fresh look at what's going on in movies, music, theater, etc, advertising is our basis. Reader donations would be greatly appreciated, too. They are just another facet of keeping fact based journalism alive.Thank you
Read more
Hollywood to the Hudson
Company
Trending
Categories
©	Showbiz411.com