Good Luck, Babes!
Rising superstar Chappell Roan is having some trouble with boundaries.
 Austin-based Chappell Roan fans may be feeling a little nervous. 
On Friday, the pop sensation – who is scheduled to perform on both Sundays of the Austin City Limits Music Festival (ACL Fest) – canceled her performances at the All Things Go fest on Saturday in New York City and Sunday in Washington, D.C.
"Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I'm really feeling it," Roan wrote on Instagram. "I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health."
The singer said she wants to be present when she performs so she can put on the best show possible and, according to her post, she'll "be back soon."
A representative for ACL Fest told KVUE's media partners at the Austin American-Statesman that while they are aware of Roan's choice to take a few days off from her touring schedule, "She is currently still scheduled to perform at ACL Festival."
Roan's set is scheduled for 6:45 pm on both Sunday, October 6, and Sunday, October 13, ahead of headliner Tyler, the Creator. She was originally set to perform on Saturday both weekends, but the festival moved her to Sunday last month.
What is going on with Chappell Roan right now?Roan, 26, has previously spoken about the difficulty of her meteoric rise to fame, even telling Rolling Stone in a recent cover story that, "Nothing about my life is like me anymore." She also made headlines over the summer for calling out fans who don't respect her boundaries.
--
Read the full story and watch the video at KVUE.com.
Monkey Move
Another quirky, longtime South Congress store has moved on from the historic street — but this time, it's reopening in another busy area nearby. After 20 years on SoCo, the toy and other fun things store Monkey See, Monkey Do! is now open at 2810 Menchaca Rd.
Two opening weekend celebrations will get things started. On Saturday, May 3, the store will start selling just-released Sonny Angels collectible figures. (Guests are encouraged to arrive early in case of a long line.) Then a Star Wars-themed party on May 4 invites guests in for free hot dogs and Lone Star beer. 
New Sonny Angels will be available May 3.Photo courtesy of Monkey See, Monkey Do!
The new location shares a triangular island of land between South Lamar Boulevard, Menchaca, and Barton Skyway with three other businesses: Papalote Taco House, ThunderCloud Subs, and the Soup Peddler. Foot traffic won't match the former tourist destinations, but Austinites pass this area often, especially if they live in South Austin.
A release sent by founder Brandon Hodge points out that Big Top Candy Shop, his store a few doors down on the same block, will not be relocating. It remains on South Congress Avenue, and Hodge teases some new candies and sodas to come.
Locals know there's a miasma of anxiety on South Congress about small businesses being pushed off the street. Hodge himself has raised the alarm as president of the South Congress Merchants Association. However, he intentionally sets a happy tone for talking about the move for Monkey See, Monkey Do! He emphasizes that it was a voluntary move.
“We are incredibly excited for this move,” said Hodge in the release. “With all due respect to our incredible culinary neighbors on South Congress, after two decades we have decided to explore new lunch options. While we will definitely miss having our fill of Gueros, Home Slice, and Magnolia Café every day, we felt it was high time to explore some of the menus South Lamar has to offer.”
Longtime store manager Steven Almaguer, is also looking forward to good eats, and paints a picture of what it was like to work in a tourist location.
On the one hand,” he said, "selling toy accordions and lava lamps to celebrities makes for an interesting workday, but on the other hand, we haven’t had a Thundercloud Subs right next door, so we’re really looking forward to being their new South Lamar neighbors.”  
Vintage toys are a big draw for many visitors.Photo courtesy of Monkey See, Monkey Do!
On a more serious note, Hodge does discuss the experience watching South Congress evolve.
“During our kitschy little toy shop’s two decades on South Congress, we have witnessed extraordinary changes to the surrounding retail landscape,” he said. “When we first got our start down here, we were drawn by the cheap rent and amazing community of scrappy upstart businesses that didn’t quite fit in anywhere else, and we made the best of it together.”
Nostalgia aside, this move could be great for local shoppers who don't want to brave South Congress. The new spot has free parking, and a playground across the street at Amy's Ice Creams offers another pit stop on a more relaxed outing.
If this all seems sudden to neighbors, it's because the store taken shape very quickly. The relocation was only announced in mid-April, and finishing touches that only went up a day or two before opening included a new sign and the recognizable "enlightened monkey" statue.
Operating hours at Monkey See, Monkey Do! are 11 am to 7 pm Mondays through Thursdays, 11 am to 9 pm Fridays and Saturdays, and 11 am to 7 pm Sundays.