News
News Flash: Memory Shop and Anime Zakka to Open in Harvard Square
News
Harvard Researchers Develop AI-Driven Framework To Study Social Interactions, A Step Forward for Autism Research
News
Harvard Innovation Labs Announces 25 President’s Innovation Challenge Finalists
News
Graduate Student Council To Vote on Meeting Attendance Policy
News
Pop Hits and Politics: At Yardfest, Students Dance to Bedingfield and a Student Band Condemns Trump
Every artist dreams for their moment to shine in the spotlight, but Chappell Roan’s big break was far from “H-O-T-T-O-G-O.”
Roan’s music has been the soundtrack of the summer, with hits like “Good Luck, Babe” and “HOT TO GO.” Whether you’re belting “Casual” passionately in the shower or dancing to “Pink Pony Club,” her music has been everywhere. Thanks to TikTok, Roan’s songs skyrocketed to fame, facilitating her transformation into an overnight sensation. Her outstanding and electrifying debut at Coachella earlier this year sealed the deal and catapulted her into the spotlight, introducing her to mainstream audiences.
However, unbeknownst to many, Roan has been creating music for years. At the age of just 16, she was discovered by Atlantic Records after releasing her first original song “Die Young.” This early break prompted Roan to move to Los Angeles, Calif, where she continued to pursue her music-making career. In 2020, Roan released “Pink Pony Club,” a deeply personal song which describes her experience as an LGBTQ+ woman coming of age in LA. Despite its message, the song was not as successful as it was anticipated to be, leading her record label to drop her. However, that did not stop Roan — she went ahead as an independent artist, determined to carve her own path.
In 2023, Roan posted a video to TikTok featuring a catchy cheerleader dance to one of her songs from her debut album “Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess” — “HOT TO GO.” Since then, the video has gained over 264 thousand views. The video didn’t just get people dancing — it also caught the attention of Dan Nigro’s Amusement Records, in partnership with Island Records.
Everyone remembers Roan’s iconic and jaw-dropping Statue of Liberty look from her performance at New York City’s Governors Ball — one of the moments that solidified her as a rising star in the world of pop. Simultaneously, her music was exploding on TikTok and Instagram, where many users were using her sound to create viral dance videos and content, and radio stations across the country couldn’t get enough of her either. But behind the scenes, Roan’s rapid ascent into the public eye was very overwhelming.
Roan has expressed that she has had negative experiences with fans. In August, she posted two videos on Tik Tok saying how fans have been invasive by stalking her and her family, and demanding to take photos despite Roan refusing to do so.
“It’s weird how people think you know a person just cause you see them online and you listen to the art they make,” Roan said in one of her videos. “I’m allowed to say no to creepy behavior, okay?”
It seemed like Roan had started to become overwhelmed by her quick rise to fame, and felt the need to express her boundaries to her audience. Her fans were quick to respond back.
A couple of days ago at the VMAs, Roan said, “I think people really listened. Just like my experience around New York City, even like the past few days like people have been so respectful.”
Roan was referring to the time she performed at the New York Governors Ball, where she had time to spend in the concrete jungle. It seems like her fans had responded in a positive way, giving Roan the space she needed and respecting her boundaries.
In the new digital age and social media, artists should become more aware of how easily social media platforms can launch them into stardom. Platforms such as TikTok can make a song go viral with people using the artist’s songs as “sounds” on TikTok and creating content with them. Suddenly, millions of people across the US and sometimes across the globe begin to interact with the artist’s work, turning a simple song into a global phenomenon. Social media has become the driving force of fame — the engine.
In recent years, with platforms like TikTok and Meta, artists like Roan have been blowing up incredibly quickly. Charli XCX’s “Brat” phenomenon, Eurovision’s Måneskin and their hit song “Zitti e buoni,” and Olivia Rodrigo’s iconic “Drivers License” are all examples of artists and their songs who also blew up thanks to social media platforms.
Yet, even today, fans seem to often forget that artists are human beings too. Just like anybody else, they experience discomfort when stalked or when their pictures are taken of them without their permission. Artists, like the rest of the world, are entitled to the same rights to privacy and in general, respect. Roan recently felt compelled to reiterate that point, as it appears many of her fans had overlooked this fundamental boundary she has set for herself.
However, it’s not just fans who need to reassess their actions — artists themselves need to adapt to the realities of fame and this new era in the music industry. Public figures and artists, especially like Roan — who can’t hide behind being just a simple Midwest girl anymore — must face the fact that there is no escaping the spotlight. With millions of people being able to recognize her now, it’s unrealistic to remain anonymous in the public sphere. An artist as big as her is recognizable to a broader demographic as well, and trying to hide from this reality can lead to frustration for both the artist and the fans.
This “Femininominon” is a lesson for the future. As the world continues to evolve with the rise of social media, so too must the relationship between the artists and the fans. Gen Z is unafraid to challenge norms, speak out and stand up for their individual rights, and facilitate change. They’ve shaped the world of social media, and in doing so, they’ve also changed the dynamics of fame forever. Today, other fanbases must learn how to grow and adapt, taking note from Roan’s fanbase and their reactions. It’s time for a change in the relationship between artists and fans — one that respects the artist’s rights for privacy, while on the artist’s part, acknowledging the unavoidable reality which is fame.
Want to keep up with breaking news? Subscribe to our email newsletter.