By
Lauren Boisvert
Katy Perry recently released the music video for her new single “Lifetimes,” featured on her upcoming album 143. The production company in charge of the video, WeOwnTheCity, is now under investigation in Spain for filming on protected land without authorization.
According to the investigation, the company filmed the music video on S’Espalmador, one of the four Balearic Islands, without permission. The island is uninhabited, but much of it is made up of protected sand dunes. In a statement released by the Government of the Balearic Islands, the investigation was initiated because the production company did not acquire permission to film from the Ministry of Agriculture.
However, it also states that the company is not being investigated for “crime against the environment.” Photography and filming are allowed on the islands, but must be authorized. The big issue that the Ministry has with the company is the fact that they didn’t have permission to film. 
The statement claims “in no case had the production company requested authorization from the Ministry to carry out the filming,” leading authorities to open the investigation. 
[RELATED: Katy Perry in “Deep Talks” To Make Triumphant Live Comeback Following ‘American Idol’ Exit]
Katy Perry is working on her sixth album now after spending seven years on American Idol. Allegedly, she’s in talks to make her live performance comeback on the VMAs stage. The MTV Video Music Awards were recently rescheduled for September 11, with Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, and GloRilla announced as performers. Could Katy Perry add her name to the list?
A source spoke to The Sun recently about the potential for Perry to return to the stage. “Katy is currently deep in talks to make her big return to the VMAs stage, the source said. “Details are still being ironed out but she’s a huge star and bosses are determined to lock in the deal.”
The source continued, “She’s already been traveling the world to promote her new single but next month is set to be even busier for her. Katy is one of the world’s biggest pop superstars and this new record and a performance at the VMAs would cement that.”
Featured Image by Matt Baron/BEI/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand