Share
FILE - (L-R) Singer Taylor Swift and Actor Ryan Reynolds cheer prior to the game between the Kansas City Chiefs and the New York Jets at MetLife Stadium on October 01, 2023 in East Rutherford, New Jersey. (Photo by Elsa/Getty Images) 
Zillow may have the scoop on the latest housing trends, but it also knows which celebrity is believed to be the ideal roommate. 
Ryan Reynolds topped the list, with 17% of Americans saying he’d be their preferred A-lister housemate. 
He inched out Taylor Swift, who came in at 14%, and Zendaya, at 9%. 
"Who wouldn't want a roommate who balances blockbuster movies, family life and business ventures with effortless charm?" said Emily McDonald, Zillow's rentals trends expert.
Reynolds, 48, stars in the "Deadpool" series, is married to fellow A-lister Blake Lively and has ventured into the business world this last year with various co-ownerships. His portfolio has reportedly included an F1 team, a football club, an alcohol brand, a wireless provider and an advertising agency. 
RELATED: Here's what the housing market will look like in 2025
Among Gen Z, ages 18-29, the most common response was Zendaya at 19%. 
McDonald attributed that to Zendaya’s "impeccable style and calm, cool energy."
The 28-year-old’s acting career started on Disney Channel in 2010 on "Shake it Up," and she’s showcased her versatility in recent hits such as "The Greatest Showman," the "Dune" series, and HBO’s "Euphoria." 
Gen Z is now the largest generational segment in today’s rental market, according to Zillow data, and makes up about 47% of renters. 
Other celebs that made the roommate wishlist were Beyoncé, Kendrick Lamar, Sabrina Carpenter, Timothée Chalamet, Chappell Roan and Glen Powell. 
Cool celebrity fantasy perks aside, respect for space and cleanliness topped the roommate wish list, Zillow said.
The Source: Information in this article was taken from a Zillow poll conducted online by The Harris Poll in November 2024 among 3,071 adults ages 18 and over. This story was reported from Detroit. 
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations