By Natalie Oganesyan 
Weekend Editor

Bowen Yang and Chappell Roan shared a sweet embrace following the pop star’s musical guest debut on Saturday Night Live Season 50. 

	During the curtain call, the two beloved figures were seen holding hands and talking excitedly among themselves. Afterward, as the credits rolled, the Emmy nominated featured player and “Pink Pony Club” singer could be seen hugging. Yang seemed to be congratulating Roan on a show-stopping debut, to which she can be seen replying “Thank you.”

	The heart-warming interaction also puts to bed any latent rumors and misinterpreted reactions to Yang’s “Weekend Update” sketch from several weeks ago, in which he cosplayed viral pygmy hippo Moo Deng and drew a connection between the harassment shown to the animal and the virulent social media backlash against Roan.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					'SNL' Promo: Benson Boone Flips For Quinta Brunson		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Kamala Harris Avers Poll-Sagging Trump DOGE Agenda "Is Not A Vision That Americans Want"		
			







	“Oh geeez. ‘Mocks’???” Yang shared on his Instagram Stories in response to fans who saw it as a shady portrayal. “If my personal stance and the piece aren’t clear in terms of supporting her then there it is, I guess.”




			Watch on Deadline		






	Roan marked her debut on the NBC sketch comedy series alongside six-time host and comedian John Mulaney in an episode ahead of Election Day Nov. 5. The star-studded installment featured a last-minute guest appearance by vice president and candidate Kamala Harris, as well as Hilary Clinton’s former running mate Tim Kaine and SNL alum Pete Davidson. In celebrating the feat of her first-time appearance earlier this week, the VMA winner posted a throwback, in which she had once written on Facebook in 2011: “I am determined to be on SNL.”

	During her time on the show, Roan also debuted a previously unreleased country song called “The Giver,” about how she “gets the job done” and “only a woman knows how to treat a woman right.” Adopting a knee-slapping beat and country twang, complete with a two-piece gingham outfit, Roan twirled and lassoed on stage to a rapturous audience.

	Watch the moment below:
Thank you @mulaney, @ChappellRoan, @MayaRudolph, @DanaCarvey, Andy Samberg, @JimGaffigan, @TimKaine, and Pete Davidson! Goodnight! pic.twitter.com/FppbWKNgGt
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.