Jesus is a Newsweek reporter based in New York. Originally from Bogotá, Colombia, his focus is reporting on politics, current affairs and trending news. He has covered current affairs, healthcare, pop culture, and sports. Jesus joined Newsweek's U.S. bureau in 2024, and has previously worked for The Financial Times and served as an international reporter and newsletter editor for El Espectador in Colombia. He graduated with an M.A. in Journalism and Digital Innovation from New York University. Languages: English, Spanish. You can get in touch with Jesus by emailing j.mosquera@newsweek.com
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
It's that time of year. Spotify has unveiled its annual Wrapped, offering personalized recaps of users' listening habits and year in audio, with millions of music lovers already checking and sharing their findings on social media.
The campaign, an internet sensation since its debut in 2015, has grown larger each year. In 2024, Spotify announced that Wrapped will reach fans in 184 markets worldwide.
"The 2024 Wrapped design is the result of an incredible collaborative effort, and we're extremely proud of the final outcome," said Rebecca Lim, Spotify's Global Brand Design Director, in a press release.
You should make sure your Spotify app is up to date in order to get the full Wrapped experience. Wrapped is available to users with and without Premium subscriptions.
Starting Wednesday, Spotify will prompt users to view their interactive data roundup on their smartphone or desktop app. You can also visit Spotify.com/Wrapped to find a QR code for that takes you straight to your data presentation.
This edition introduces several new features to enhance the Spotify Wrapped experience:
Spotify's "Your Wrapped AI Podcast," created in collaboration with Google's NotebookLM, generates a personalized podcast hosted by AI. The podcast discusses your top songs, artists, and genres, offering a unique recap of your musical year.
"Your Music Evolution" is another feature which showcases how your musical tastes have changed over the year. Each month gets up to three descriptive phrases, such as "heatwave" or "beach," summarizing your listening trends. A personalized "music evolution" playlist summarizes your favorite songs with new recommendations aligned with your preferences.
Premium users can also explore enhanced AI DJ capabilities. By prompting the AI DJ with requests like "Make me a playlist of songs that represent my music journey over the year," users receive curated playlists reflecting their annual listening habits.
Other features include insights into your longest listening streak, details on whether you're among the top listeners for your favorite artists, and special video messages from artists for their top fans.
With over 26.6 billion streams worldwide, Taylor Swift is Spotify's 2024 Global Top Artist. For the second consecutive year, the artist has claimed the top spot in a year where Pop stars like Chappell Roan, Charli XCX, and Sabrina Carpenter also made significant climbs on the charts.
Swift also dominates Spotify's 2024 Top 10 Albums list with three entries: The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology (2024), 1989 (Taylor's Version) (2023), and Lover (2019).
Addressing her listeners, she thanked them for their unwavering support and for making her one of the year's top artists. Swift reflected on the journey her music has taken, from the re-recording of 1989 (Taylor's Version) to the release of The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology, a project she described as deeply personal.
taylor’s message to fans #SpotifyWrapped 2023                                            2024 pic.twitter.com/Vy7uAiE17S
"I just wanted to say thank you so much for being one of my top listeners on Spotify, that's so nice of you," she said at the beginning of her video message.
"Um, I look back on this year and think about how special you made it for us being on the Eras Tour."
Latin artists left their mark in 2024, with Bad Bunny, Peso Pluma, and Feid among Spotify's most-streamed artists globally. Their success alongside Taylor Swift, The Weeknd, and Drake highlights Latin America's rising influence on the global music scene.
2024 proved to be a landmark year for podcasting, with the medium taking center stage during the U.S. presidential election and beyond. The Joe Rogan Experience once again dominated as Spotify's most-streamed podcast globally.
The year also saw podcasts diversifying their appeal, from Call Her Daddy exploring relationships and pop culture to Huberman Lab delving into neuroscience and self-improvement. True crime continued to captivate listeners, with Serial Killers and Crime Junkie maintaining their grip on fans of the genre.
As the streaming market has grown, other major platforms have developed their own versions of Wrapped in recent years, with Apple Music, Deezer and Youtube Music making their own copycats.
One year away from its 10th anniversary, Apple Music has become Spotify's most significant competitor globally, with over 80 million subscribers worldwide.
To cater to its users, Apple developed its own review system, rolling out its "Replay" experience in 2019.
YouTube Music offers a similar end-of-year release for its listeners, along with periodic seasonal recaps throughout the year. Its annual Recap was released earlier this month.
The feature also highlights your longest listening streak and the total number of minutes you've listened over the year.
Here are some platforms and websites that mimic Spotify's Wrapped concept.
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Jesus is a Newsweek reporter based in New York. Originally from Bogotá, Colombia, his focus is reporting on politics, current affairs and trending news. He has covered current affairs, healthcare, pop culture, and sports. Jesus joined Newsweek's U.S. bureau in 2024, and has previously worked for The Financial Times and served as an international reporter and newsletter editor for El Espectador in Colombia. He graduated with an M.A. in Journalism and Digital Innovation from New York University. Languages: English, Spanish. You can get in touch with Jesus by emailing j.mosquera@newsweek.com
Jesus is a Newsweek reporter based in New York. Originally from Bogotá, Colombia, his focus is reporting on politics, current affairs and trending news. He has covered current affairs, healthcare, pop culture, and sports. Jesus joined Newsweek's U.S. bureau in 2024, and has previously worked for The Financial Times and served as an international reporter and newsletter editor for El Espectador in Colombia. He graduated with an M.A. in Journalism and Digital Innovation from New York University. Languages: English, Spanish. You can get in touch with Jesus by emailing j.mosquera@newsweek.com
Jesus is a Newsweek reporter based in New York. Originally from Bogotá, Colombia, his focus is reporting on politics, current                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC