The track arrives in full later this evening 
Charli XCX has confirmed today (August 1) that she will release a new collaboration with Billie Eilish on a remix of ‘Guess’.
It comes after Charli teased a remix of the ‘Brat’ deluxe edition track with an unknown artist.
Yesterday (July 31), Charli XCX shared a tweet with artwork of the remix track, showing the lower profiles of herself with the featured guest artist. The artwork also showed a placeholder for the mystery artist’s name.
Earlier today (August 1), Eilish also shared an Instagram Story of a selfie close-up with a question mark in text, fuelling speculation that she was indeed the ‘Guess’ artist.
This evening, Charli confirmed the news on social media and shared a snippet of the track, which will be released today at 11pm BST.
Charli opens the track saying “Hey Billie are you there?” The pair can be seen in a snippet from the song’s video at the end too.
Check it out here:
Guess featuring Billie Eilish – Out at 6pm est. pic.twitter.com/TBJfWr4V5C
— Charli (@charli_xcx) August 1, 2024
Last week, Charli revealed there is more new music on the way, responding to several op-eds that declared the end of her wildly successful ‘Brat summer’.
Chappell Roan shared a selfie holding a CD copy of ‘Brat’, leading fans to believe that she will feature on a forthcoming Charli track.
Meanwhile, Charli XCX recently brought her ‘Brat summer’ to Ibiza for a ‘Party Girl’-inspired set at the Boiler Room. 
Heading to the iconic Boiler Room, Charli launched the set with the album’s hit track ‘365’, before breaking through renditions of ‘Club Classics’, ‘Guess’.
As reported by Billboard, the singer also welcomed a number of impressive guests to the stage during the Ibiza set, including The 1975 member and her fiancé George Daniel, Zoe Glitter, Alex Chapman and The Dare.
Other songs on the setlist included Troye Sivan’s ‘Rush’, Da Hool’s ‘Meet Her at the Loveparade’, Rico Nasty and Boys Noize’s ‘Arintintin’ and Robert Miles’ ‘Children’.
Elsewhere on the line-up on the star-studded night was Romy, Ladies of Leisure and Shygirl. Check out the full performance from Charli XCX below.
In a four-star review of ‘Brat’, NME wrote: “It all paints a picture of who XCX is in 2024. Growing pains, grief and aching doubts come alongside self-confidence, celebration and the knowledge of the place XCX holds in the musical landscape – indeed, she kicks off ‘360’ with the knowing: “I went my own way and I made it / I’m your favourite reference baby”.
“With ‘Brat’, XCX demonstrates that going her own way will always sound pretty good.”
You can check out the full timeline of 2024’s ‘Brat Summer’ here, as well as all of the impressive milestones the album has hit over the past month.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.