Billboard revealed that, technically, Sabrina Carpenter could be eligible for Best New Artist at the Grammys. We had speculated about this possibility, but voters now know they should look for her on the ballot. Her fate is still not decided, though, as the screening committee will have the last word on whether or not she is allowed to compete in the category, especially given her extensive back catalog, including five previous albums. But since this all comes down to the Grammy’s own rules, it begs the question: should those rules be amended?
It makes sense why people would propose that Best New Artist be limited to artists who have debuted in the past one or two years. After all, winners like Olivia Rodrigo and Carrie Underwood show that artists can truly smash right out of the gate, and therefore fit the category. Furthermore, allowing in artists with longer careers can read as unfair. Take this year for example. Carpenter’s bubbling pop career prior to 2023 means she had plenty of time to build a fanbase, including within industry circles like the Recording Academy.
However, longevity isn't always an advantage. Take Bebe Rexha’s 2019 Grammy nomination in the category, which came after years of Rexha writing and performing hits, some minor and some that reached the top 10. She was not, strictly speaking, a new artist. Yet Rexha didn’t win, despite plenty of industry cred. Dua Lipa, who was on her first year and a half of fame, took the award instead.
That said, Rexha and Carpenter show how long it can take to finally catch a big break in the industry. And the most recent winner in the category, Victoria Monét, stated in her speech that her breakout moment was 10 years in the making. Monét had been pumping out songs for a while, but it’s hard to deny that the year where she became prominently known was 2023, and the same might apply to Carpenter in 2024.
Of course, the debate here is what exactly counts as prominent. Carpenter had already charted multiple songs before this eligibility period, and all of her albums made the Billboard 200, but for a pop artist, relatively low placements on the charts don’t necessarily mean you have broken through. Consider past Best New Artist nominees like Noah Kahan and Glass Animals, who, despite not being on their first albums, broke through in the top 40 in the years for which they were nominated. Then you get to someone like Fred Again, who didn’t really have a breakthrough in 2023 compared to his previous two years, but he was suddenly embraced in a big way by the Grammys. Bluegrass artist Molly Tuttle also didn’t really have a major 2022 in comparison to her two earlier albums. As for hip-hop artist Tobe Nwigwe, that nomination still makes little sense to me.
But should we care that much? Carpenter’s main opponents this year are probably balladeer Benson Boone and camp extraordinaire Chappell Roan, but while both released their debut albums this eligibility season, neither are technically new. Roan has been pumping out songs since 2017, and Boone’s debut single, which amassed hundreds of millions of streams, charted on the Hot 100 in 2021. Of course, the broader public discovered these artists more recently, and receiving such a big prize is important and relevant to a career. So the same could be said of Carpenter: a lot of people just discovered her, so they might want to rally around her.
The rules definitely need some tweaking, though. Allowing Sabrina Carpenter to compete on her sixth album, but Tate McRae being ineligible since her team already submitted her for consideration three times, just feels wrong. In the meantime, let Carpenter be a lesson that sometimes labels and management should wait before they submit anyone to the category. If you don’t really have a shot at a nom, maybe just take the year off, come up with a stronger plan, and let the artist build up hype. You never know if their “Espresso” is coming soon.
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Tate’s team thought they struck gold late last Fall with GREEDY.  But didn’t anticipate a sleeper hit by Benny Boone, or any kind of a hit from Sabrina Carpenter.  Plus, EXES was a bust after GREEDY.  Taylor obstructed, and Taylor legged up Sabrina.
These organic acts like DUA LIPA, BENNY BOONE, and CHAPPELL ROAN apparently have hits and support for a lengthy time during eligibility period that justifies a nomination for BEST NEW ARTIST.  
SABRINA CARPENTER is 50/50 since her catalog prior is DISNEY under the radar and a bust.
Don’t know what the GRAMMY narrative will be this year following a landmark 2023 which left 2024 in a hangover, where UMG insisted on pushing their veteran artists as the hot acts that are gonna destroy 2024.
One gripe I have is UMG latching TAYLOR onto their 2024 effort for a TTPD promo campaign that reeks of desparation when it’s unnecessary for TS.  My guess is the least TS gets is an AOTY win when TTPD did monstrous numbers.
For one, I would say BEST NEW ARTIST should only be reserved for BNA of that year.  But my gripe too is GRAMMY may have use this a filler to keep away TS in the REP era given the turmoil TS underwent at the time.  I mean, BEBE REXHA in 2019 5 years later, or ALEXIA CARA in 2017 randomly 2 years later?
But if you follow strategy, and submit accordingly, then there’s BNA gold out there.
If I remember correctly, Whitney Houston couldn’t be nominated for New Artist because she had previously appeared on a single with Jermaine Jackson. But Cyndi Lauper was nominated even though she was a member of a group before going solo.  And how many years had Shelby Lynne been in the business before winning Best “New” Artist in 2001!
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media