Singer Chappell Roan has been diagnosed with severe depression amid her whirlwind rise to fame.
“I went to a psychiatrist last week because I was like, I don’t know what’s going on. She diagnosed me with severe depression – which I didn’t think I had because I’m not actually sad,” the “Pink Pony Club” songstress explained to the Guardian in an interview published Friday.
“But I have every symptom of someone who’s severely depressed,” she noted.
Some of 26-year-old Roan’s symptoms include brain fog, poor focus, forgetfulness and, as she put it, “a very lackluster viewpoint.”
She theorized her depression roots from her life changing so rapidly as she transformed from an underground pop princess to a full-blown megastar so swiftly over the last year. 
“Everything that I really love to do now comes with baggage,” she explained of her new normal.
“If I want to go thrifting, I have to book security and prepare myself that this is not going to be normal. Going to the park, pilates, yoga – how do I do this in a safe way where I’m not going to be stalked or harassed?”
Roan has spoken openly about her struggle with her meteoric rise to pop stardom, telling fans at a concert in June that she was “having a really hard time” keeping up with her fame. 
In August, she slammed aggressive fans for having no manners when seeing her in public and expecting to have access to her at all times. 
“I don’t care that abuse and harassment, stalking, whatever, is a normal thing to do to people who are famous or a little famous, whatever. I don’t care that it’s normal,” she began in her TikTok video. 
Although she conceded that celebrities often accept “this crazy type of behavior,” she said she would not. 
“I don’t want whatever the f–k you think you’re supposed to be entitled to whenever you see a celebrity,” she further explained.
“I don’t give a f–k if you think it’s selfish of me to say no for a photo or for your time or for a hug –– that’s not normal, that’s weird!”
Roan, who won best new artist at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards, also demanded respect on the red carpet of the award show when she fired back at a rowdy photographer by telling them to “shut the f–k up.” 
“I’m very turned off by the celebrity of it all,” she explained to the Guardian while reflecting on the situation. 
“Some girls have been in this so long that they’re used to that, but I’m not that girl. I’m not gonna be a sweetie pie to a man who’s telling me to shut the f–k up.”
She added, “They think I’m complaining about my success. I’m complaining about being abused.”
She shared a similar sentiment when speaking to the Face in an article published this week. 
“I feel like fame is just abusive. The vibe of this – stalking, talking s–t online, [people who] won’t leave you alone, yelling at you in public – is the vibe of an abusive ex-husband,” she said. 
Roan signed with Atlantic Records when she was 17 and has been hustling to get her music noticed ever since. 
Her break came with the release of her first full album, 2023’s “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess.”
She began her rise into worldwide stardom after opening for Olivia Rodrigo’s “Guts” world tour, and the rest is histroy. 
Advertisement