JOIN CLUB 
The Dazed Beauty Community is our ever-expanding encyclopaedia of creatives and emerging talent from across the world who are redefining the way we think about beauty. From supermodels to digital artists to make-up prodigies transforming themselves in their bedrooms, these are the beauty influencers of tomorrow who embody everything Dazed Beauty is about. Discover them here.
It’s likely that you’ve come across the work of make-up artist Ali Scharf: her commanding glam looks are taking over explore pages, algorithms, and Pinterest boards everywhere. But while she’s been ushered into the spotlight by her role as tour make-up artist for pop it-girl Chappell Roan, Scharf has actually been creating her signature vibrant looks for years.
Growing up on the Westside of Los Angeles, Scharf always had her finger on the pop culture pulse. When she developed a love for beauty, she knew that she was destined to end up in the entertainment industry – the question wasn’t if, but how.
Like many LA natives, Scharf made the move to New York at 18. Here she began a journey into the music industry, studying music business at NYU. After a two-week stint in music PR, she swapped out press junkets for palettes and got to work making a name for herself as a make-up artist.
Just over three years later, the creative has painted her magical glam onto the faces of King Princess, The Japanese House, and Hayley Kiyoko – to name just a few. Going heavy on the eyes, the lips, and just about anything else, Scharf’s transformative looks help artists become their most confident, evolved selves.
We speak to the make-up artist below about her journey into the industry, her love for Julia Fox and, of course, her favourite Chappell Roan look.
Where do you live and where are you from?
Ali Scharf: I was born and raised in Los Angeles and currently live here! I went to college in New York and lived there for eight years and moved back to LA about two years ago.
What is it that you do?
Ali Scharf: I do make-up! I do it to make people feel beautiful or confident or however they want to feel. I love the transformational aspect, physically and emotionally.
How did you get into it?
Ali Scharf: I grew up loving make-up. I always stole my mum’s make-up bag as a kid and would experiment. I started wearing a full face to school in Year Six. I taught myself from watching beauty gurus and lifestyle girls on YouTube. In college my skills developed more and I started glamming my roommates on nights out for fun. I had an accessible network of musicians around me who would eventually need makeup for photoshoots and music videos.
By the time I graduated I had started getting small paid gigs here and there and I considered doing makeup professionally as a side gig. I got my first full-time job in music PR about a year after I graduated and I hated it so much I quit it after two weeks and decided to do makeup full time. Everything happens for a reason.
Who is your beauty icon or favourite look of all time? Why?
Ali Scharf: Julia Fox is a huge inspiration. She embodies complete confidence and individuality, always playing outside the box with her looks. Her style of beauty is elevated but playful. Daring and avant-garde with so much intention behind it.
What is your current obsession?
Ali Scharf: Skinny eyebrows. I’ve shaved mine down to nubs and drawn them on super skinny. It makes me feel hot.
What does beauty mean to you?
Ali Scharf: To me, beauty means finding what physically resonates with my personal identity to help me feel like the best version of myself.
When do you feel most beautiful? 
Ali Scharf: As much as I play around with vibrant colour on my clients, I personally feel the most beautiful in neutral glam. Glowy skin, blushy cheeks, skinny brow, a nice sharp black wing, and some brown lip liner. Very 90s Latina core.
What’s your earliest beauty-related memory? 
Ali Scharf: I grew up dancing so I started wearing make-up for recitals when I was three years old. I vividly remember my mum chasing me around with a lash curler and I was so scared of it. Glad I came around one day.
You’ve created so many amazing looks, do any in particular stand out to you? 
Ali Scharf: I think about Chappell’s Lollapalooza look a lot. A graphic black liner design framing the eyes accompanied by a layer of silver glitter, bright pink blush, and a black lip liner with a hot pink centre. It felt unique in structure and was able to convey the wrestling feel while keeping the beauty. I’m very proud of this one. It was also a complete miracle it didn’t budge in the Chicago summer heat underneath the wrestling mask she wore for the first few songs — shout out Trixie Cosmetics!
Describe your beauty aesthetic in three words.
Ali Scharf: Vibrant. Bold. Glamour.
What are you trying to communicate through your work and why?  
Ali Scharf: I am trying to communicate an identity. In working with musicians, I am trying to bring their project’s visual world to life; what their stage persona looks and feels like to them. In working with anyone, I just want to project their personal identity, making them feel like the most confident, evolved version of themselves.
As The Midwest Princess tour progressed and with Chappell’s growing popularity, did you feel inspired to experiment more with your looks?
Ali Scharf: I’ve always felt inspired to experiment! Even before Chappell exploded in popularity, she already had a very realised sense of self. Bold, maximalist make-up has been a very prominent part of her artistic identity for quite some time. It was so exciting for me to come in and collaborate with someone with such a vision and who is so open-minded.
Are you optimistic about the future?
Ali Scharf: Absolutely. I am so incredibly grateful to be in the position I’m in and I can’t wait for what’s to come.