By CONNIE RUSK FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  13:08, 29 December 2024   |  Updated:  15:15, 29 December 2024   
 172
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter scored the biggest song of 2024 with her smash hit Espresso. 
BBC Radio 1 said the hit, which was number one on the UK charts for five weeks when it was released in April, placed first in their Top 100 countdown. 
The singer, 25, beat rivals Charli XCX with 360 and Chappell Roan's song Good Luck, Babe! which placed second and third. 
BBC said the Top 100 tracks were compiled with chart success, audience engagement, and cultural relevance in mind - but do YOU agree with the top 10? 
The station dedicated a special slot for Radio 1’s Biggest Songs of 2024, hosted by Vick Hope, Matt Edmondson, Jeremiah Asiamah and Katie Thistleton which can be listened back to on BBC Sounds. 
Other songs which have made it into the top 100 include Beyoncé’s Texas Hold ‘Em,  Chase & Status and Stormzy’s Backbone, Jade Thirlwall’s Angel of my Dreams, Raye’s Genesis and Teddy Swims’ Lose Control. 
Sabrina Carpenter scored the biggest song of 2024 with her smash hit Espresso
The singer, 25, beat rivals Charli XCX with 360 (eft) and Chappell Roan's song Good Luck, Babe! (right) which placed second and third
In addition to these chart-topping tracks, several artists from Radio 1’s prestigious ‘Sound of’ list made an appearance, including last year’s winners The Last Dinner Party with Nothing Matters, as well as Olivia Dean’s Time, and Elmiene’s Light Work. 
The countdown also featured Myles Smith, BBC Introducing’s 2024 Artist of the Year with his breakout hit Stargazing. 
While Sabrina claims the top spot with the biggest song of the year, it’s homegrown talent Charli XCX who takes the crown for the most appearances on the list with four times.
And the countdown revealed a dominant presence of British talent, with UK artists featuring most across the 100 chosen tracks. 
Contributing to the top 100 songs, were 54 acts from the UK, surpassing both the US with 43 acts and the remaining 17 acts from various different parts of the globe.
Espresso has over a billion streams on Spotify. 
The song, and its music video, directed by Dave Meyers, quickly gained global popularity, with the chart-topper reaching number one on the Billboard Global 200, making it her first number-one single.
Espresso was written by Sabrina, along with Amy Allen, Steph Jones, and Julian Bunetta. 
Billie Eillish placed fourth with her hit single Birds Of A Feather 
In at number five was Chase & Status and Stormzy's hit Backbone
Beyoncé's single Texas hold ‘em made the top 10 - placing ninth overall 
1. Sabrina Carpenter – Espresso 
2. Charli XCX – 360
3. Chappell Roan – Good Luck, Babe!
4. Billie Eilish – Birds of a Feather
5. Chase & Status and Stormzy – Backbone
6. Charli XCX featuring Billie Eilish – Guess
7. Sonny Fodera, Jazzy, and D.O.D. – Somedays
8. Fontaines D.C. – Starburster
9. Beyoncé – Texas hold ‘em
10. Hozier - Too Sweet
She also has another chart-topper under her belt - Please Please Please. The song is her second single from her sixth album, Short n' Sweet.
Sabrina is currently out on the road on tour in support of Short n' Sweet album, which began on September 23 in Columbus, Ohio. 
Meanwhile Chappell, who placed third in the top 10, is up for six Grammys including Album of the Year for The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, Song and Record of the Year for Good Luck, Babe, and Best New Artist, Best Pop Solo Performance and Best Pop Vocal Album. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group