This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here.

"James Bond" actor Daniel Craig is criticizing the price of fame. 
Craig, 56, opened up about the pitfalls of being in the spotlight and how it may impact famous individuals. 
"Celebrity kills you. Really, it’s a terrible, terrible thing that can happen, and I think you’ve got to really fight against all of the things that it throws in your face, because it’s so easy to be tempted," Craig shared with The New York Times. 
DANIEL CRAIG ROLLS HIS EYES WHEN ASKED IF THERE COULD BE A GAY JAMES BOND ONE DAY
Hollywood actor Daniel Craig, 56, explained why being a "celebrity kills you." (Carlos Alvarez/Getty Images)
His comments come after singer Chappell Roan was outspoken about her struggles with "stalking and harassment" during her rise to super stardom.
"Celebrity kills you. Really, it’s a terrible, terrible thing that can happen and I think you’ve got to really fight against all of the things that it throws in your face, because it’s so easy to be tempted." 
Last month, the "Good Luck Babe!" singer called out a "disrespectful" photographer at a Los Angeles movie premiere.
She previously had a heated exchange at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards after a photographer yelled "shut the f--- up" to the singer.
Chappell Roan called out a "disrespectful" photographer at a Los Angeles movie premiere. (Getty Images)
VMA WINNER CHAPPELL ROAN YELLS AT PHOTOGRAPHER ON RED CARPET TO 'SHUT THE F--- UP'
The "Pink Pony Club" singer’s viral red carpet moments come after she previously accused some fans of stalking, harassment and "predatory behavior" in scathing social media posts.
Meanwhile, as Craig recognized Roan’s pushback, he credited how she’s handled fame. 
"I really admire the guts to say those things," he said.
As Craig gears up for his next role in the film "Queer," he added the pressure he felt between becoming a "brand" rather than being recognized as an actor. 
"No Time to Die" and "Queer" actor Daniel Craig appeared at the Venice Film Festival. (Pascal Le Segretain / Staff)
"Am I a brand? You have to do social media, and I can’t do that. I even regret emails I send."
The veteran actor continued to explain that if the role in "Queer" had been offered to him a decade ago, he would’ve chosen his role in James Bond first. 
DANIEL CRAIG OPENS UP ABOUT ICONIC LAST PERFORMANCE AS JAMES BOND: 'IT'S TIME TO FINISH'
"I wouldn’t have done it," he remarked. "I was so wrapped up in Bond and what that was, I would have been terrified of doing something like this. Especially early on with Bond, I was like, ‘This is enough. Stay in my lane.’"
The "Knives Out" star went on to give a glimpse into his next role. 
"I know lots of tough men in this world who are vulnerable," Craig added. "And I like to portray that in movies. That truth is interesting to me."
Craig finished his final film as James Bond in 2021 with the film "No Time To Die."  
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
In September, the actor rolled his eyes when a reporter asked him, "Do you think there could be a gay James Bond?"
Craig smiled and dismissed the question, adding, "I mean, really."
"Queer" director Luca Guadagnino then chimed in, saying, "Guys, let's be adults in the room for a second."
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
Craig admitted that he "can't" do social media, saying that sometimes he struggles with emails. (Karwai Tang/WireImage)
"Thank you," Craig added.
Craig finished his final film as James Bond in 2021 with the film "No Time To Die." 
He stars in Guadagnino’s new film "Queer" about a drug-addicted gay man who falls in love with another man in Mexico during the 1950s.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Fox News Digital's Gabriel Hays contributed to this report. 
Stephanie Giang-Paunon is an Entertainment Writer for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to stephanie.giang@fox.com and on Twitter: @SGiangPaunon.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.