The Oslo event returns next summer
ØYA Festival has revealed the first few names on their 2025 line-up, including Chappell Roan, Khruangbin, Wet Leg and MJ Lenderman. Find out further details below.
The 26th edition of the event is due to take place at Tøyenparken in Oslo, Norway between August 5 and 9. Week-long tickets are on sale now, and you can buy yours here.
Today (November 19) ØYA has announced its first headliners, with Roan, Lenderman, Wet Leg and Khruangbin among those set to perform in the Norwegian capital next year. Local artists such as Anna Of The North, Anna Lille and The Impossible Green will also be playing.
It will mark one of Roan’s biggest European festival appearances to date, and follows a colossal year for her, which included picking up nominations in all four major categories for the 2025 Grammy Awards, with her debut album ‘The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess’.
A post shared by Øyafestivalen (@oyafestivalen)
The announcement also follows Khruangbin sharing their fourth studio album, ‘A La Sala’, earlier this year. The album was given a glowing four-star review from NME, and described as seeing the band capture “a stripped-back but still potent sound”.
Meanwhile, Lenderman’s recently released album, ‘Manning Fireworks’, also scored four stars from NME in a review that praised the record for showcasing the artist’s “richly developing voice.”
ØYA calls itself the  “world’s greenest festival” and is committed to providing a 50/50 gender split of artists in its line-up. Last year’s edition featured the likes of Pulp, PJ Harvey, RAYE, Arca, Astrid S and Holly Humberstone.
NME headed to Oslo for the festival, and credited it in a five-star review for its “blissed-out vibe” and forward-thinking ethos. “You can sense it throughout the week: artists love coming here, and the fans reflect that,” Andrew Trendell wrote. “Øya has a reputation as one of the most forward-thinking festivals in the world. Here, joy is an act of resistance.
“Gender parity on the line-up was quietly the norm here many years before events were making headlines, and every year comes with a renewed push to be the greenest festival around. This year, all the locally-supplied food is pescatarian (and pretty damn good compared to your normal rushed festy scran in a napkin), and Øya is providing free menstrual pads and tampons for festival-goers.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.