by 
	Rebecca Rakowitz

Parenting Writer

Keira Knightley is quite content with her family of four. In fact, she’s put a hard stop to any family planning conversations with James Righton. The happy couple shares daughters Delilah, 9 and Edie, 5, and that’s it. The kitchen’s closed. Not because the kitchen can’t cook. But because the kitchen refuses to deal with the risk of a TV dinner.

	










	 … And though the metaphor might be falling apart, Knightley is holding onto her stance. During an appearance on The Tonight Show, the Black Doves star told host Jimmy Fallon she never wants another kid because she never wants to sit through another episode of the children’s TV show Peppa Pig.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Keira Knightley Proves She’s a Fashion Chameleon in This Angelic Look for Milan Fashion Week		
	










	“I could do the pregnancy. I could even do the birth. But I cannot watch any more Peppa Pig. It’s not going to happen,” she said, per Daily Mail.

	And as sweet and wholesome as the British TV show is, we know how sometimes there are children’s TV shows or kids’ songs that are like nails on a chalkboard for adults. (ICYMI: For Blake Lively, it’s the song “Baby Shark.”)



	Luckily for Knightley, her kids have passed the Peppa phase. In fact, they’re “very cool right now.” Delilah and Edie are currently obsessed with Studio Ghibli — the Japanese animation studio founded by director Hayao Miyazaki. (Think: Kiki’s Delivery Service, Ponyo, Howl’s Moving Castle, and more.) So, yes, “very cool” indeed.

	“[They’re into] beautiful things where you’re like, ‘Oh, this is just lovely, after seven years of Peppa Pig.’ You know?” the Pirates of the Caribbean star said.

	Though Knightley raves about her “very cool” daughters, they might not rush to say the same about her.

	“[Delilah] finds me really embarrassing … It’s really annoying,” she conceded, figuring she’d have a few more years before her pre-teen felt that way.

	Knightley recounted the story of Delilah’s recent disco party with friends. Though the mom of two was excited to bust out some moves, she was instead given a strict cease and desist order.

	“‘Mom, Mom, you are so embarrassing, just go and stand in the corner,'” Knightley said, imitating her 9-year-old.

	Relegated to the corner already?! It’s a sad place for any parent to be sent, but at least she was listening to Lizzo and Chappell Roan instead of Peppa Pig and company.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.