Over seven months out from its annual return, Primavera Sound Barcelona jumps the gun today to unveil the full artist lineup for its 2025 return. Set to stage at Barcelona’s scenic and storied Parc del Fòrum through the week of June 4-8, the 23rd annual festival features a stunning and carefully curated lineup of 147 artists, led by the chart-topping media magnet trio of Charli XCX, Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter. Beyond unprecedented pairing of the current queens of pop, Primavera Sound has something for everyone, from FKA twigs, to Sturgill Simpson, ANOHNI and the Johnsons, Caribou, IDLES and LCD Soundsystem, whose inclusion arrives just after new music.
On Tuesday, LCD Soundsystem made waves with the surprise premiere of “X-Ray Eyes,” a new single that recall the James Murphy-fronted electronica outfit’s origins with some stripped-down, low-poly, proto-Detroit production. While that new entry jump-started a new wave of anticipation for the follow-up to the band’s 2017 album American Dream, the timing of today’s Primavera Sound release shoots a lightning bolt into the fan community, charging fervent anticipation for a return to the spotlight. Beyond these sudden moves, the band will begin its previously planned residencies in Los Angeles in New York next week, which will keep the group occupied through mid-December; learn more about these plans here.
Beyond this thrilling inclusion, fans have much more to be excited about, with a stacked lineup balancing such high-profile artists as Fontaines D.C., Beach House, Clairo, Chat Pile, Turnstile, Chanel Beads, Cassandra Jenkins, Gouge Away, Beatrice Dillon, Floating Points, Spiritualized, Parcels, Waxahatchee, TV On The Radio, M.J. Lenderman and many more. Artist lineups for the opening day, closing party and parallel program will be revealed as the event approaches.
Tickets for Primavera Sound will go on sale on October 28 at 11:00 CET via the fan sale; registration is open now. For more information, visit the Primavera Sound website.
A post shared by Primavera Sound (@primavera_sound)
Watch: Phish Become ‘Seinfeld’ Cast in New ‘Everybody’s Live with John Mulaney’ Sketch
Billy Strings Performs for Kids at Michigan’s Helen DeVos Children’s Hospital
H.O.R.D.E. Core: Phish, Blues Traveler, Widespread Panic & Aquarium Rescue Unit Revisit the Touring Festival
Listen: Bruce Springsteen Previews Unreleased Film Soundtrack ‘Faithless,’ from ‘Tracks II: The Lost Albums’
Daze Between New Orleans Day Two: Odes to The Allman Brothers Band, Meters and More
Listen: Van Morrison Shares “Cutting Corners,” Second Preview Single from ‘Remembering Now’
Listen: Warren Haynes Unveils Four ‘Million Voices Whisper’ Bonus Tracks, Including Classic Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young Cover
Copyright © Relix Media Group LLC.
All Rights Reserved.

Oniracom

1 Year. 8 Issues. Only $24.95