Today's e-Edition
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Today's e-Edition

			Trending:		
The San Francisco 49ers may not be enjoying the most winning season, but Kristin Juszczyk, the wife of fullback Kyle Juszczyk, continues to score accolades for her fun, football-themed jackets and other designs.
The style section for the New York Times this week has named the 63 Most Stylish People of 2024, and Juszczyk’s name is on the list. The up-and-coming fashion mogul joins a star-studded list of style celebrities on the list, including Beyonce, Zendaya, LeBron James, “Wicked” co-stars Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande,” Daniel “James Bond” Craig, singers Chappell Roan and Charli XCX, John F. Kennedy grandson Jack Schlossberg and Paris debutante/nepo baby Apple Martin.
The Times included Juszczyk because her sports-themed, game-day outfits won the approval of Taylor Swift and earned her a licensing deal with the NFL.
Juszczyk became one of America’s most exciting new fashion talents earlier this year when she designed a viral red Kansas City Chiefs puffer coat that Swift wore to a game to cheer on her boyfriend, Travis Kelce.
Related Articles


			Ruth Buzzi dies at 88; actor co-starred in groundbreaking sketch comedy ‘Laugh-In’		




			East Bay director shot by Alec Baldwin disses actor’s reality TV show		




			50 years later, Kiss legend Gene Simmons reflects on ‘Rock and Roll All Nite’		




			Hugh Jackman ripped for Blake Lively support amid Sutton Foster drama		




			Who is Jeff Sperbeck? NFL agent who fell from golf cart driven by John Elway had Bay Area ties		

After Swift donned Juszczyk’s puffer coat, Juszczyk gained more than 450,000 new Instagram followers. Kyle Juszczyk told The Athletic that his wife had been inundated with interview requests from a range of outlets, including Vogue, which was thrilling for her, and ESPN, which pleased him.
But even before her Taylor Swift moment, the New York native had become known in NFL circles for donning her own bespoke fashions — often made with her husband’s repurposed old jerseys — for 49ers games. Speaking of her Instagram, people liked to tune in to watch her unleash her scissors and sewing skills to create her DIY fashions.
As Juszczyk’s profile grew, she, Swift and the other wives and girlfriends of NFL players helped turn Super Bowl LVIII into a fashion show. Even as the Chiefs defeated the 49ers 25-24 in Las Vegas, the attention of many viewers was focused on the luxury boxes at Allegiant Stadium outside Las Vegas, where these women — cheekily known by certain entertainment and sports outlets as WAGs — brought a dazzling display of fashion and enthusiasm.
That display of fashion and enthusiasm has continued, with Sports Illustrated saying in November that Juszczyk continues to revolutionize NFL fashion. On her website, Designs by Kristin, she explained that she grew up loving to sew and crochet. But when it comes to designing fashion, she says she is entirely self-taught.
“I have to say, I’ve never felt more fulfilled in my life,” she said. “I absolutely love what I do and just want to let you all know, it’s never too late in life to rediscover a passion or talent!”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group