St Mary Street is buzzing at the best of times. It's not uncommon at 5pm on Wednesday to already hear music blasting out of different establishments, but recently the atmosphere has been boosted even more by the "free karaoke" taking place during the evenings in the city centre.
Popping up as soon as it gets dark, even during weekdays, people have been loving the karaoke that seems to get a whole range of people up singing and dancing like no-one is watching.
It's unsurprisingly also made its way onto the world of social media, with people not just from Cardiff also intrigued by the unusual feature that has appeared on the high street. For the latest Cardiff news, sign up to our newsletter here
READ MORE: American visits Wales and says it's better than England for key reason
READ MORE: Woman shares hack to make your vegetables last 'at least three times longer'
One woman sang along to 'When I was your man' in a video posted on September 16, with people raving about her performance in the comments. One person remarked: "No stage fright here."
TikTok user 'Karaoke Queen', who has set up the addition to St Mary St with the purpose of singing for peace in Ukraine and all over the world, also commented on the clip posted, and said: "Aww... STUNNING VOICE. Glad your singing was recorded was my mob for recordings was off charge and I couldn't record you as I would normally do! Pls come along to sing at our Street Karaoke again!"
In another clip that has gained lots of attention on social media, one TikTok user has captioned a video of them singing the Chappell Roan song 'Hot To Go, and joked "I didn't know Chappell had a Cardiff date??"
The video, posted on September 14, gathered 133.5k likes and has been watched over 800,000 times, with hundreds of comments below. One TikTok user commented in block capitals: "OMG THERE'S STREET KARAOKE IN CARDIFF?!"
Someone else said: "Run free bestie." Another added: "Mark my words if I EVER find a street karaoke there isn't a scenario that could stop me from participating."
It's safe to say that some people who have got involved with the free street karaoke have definitely been bringing a party atmosphere to the city centre, with lots of clips also showing people singing along in support. One clip posted on September 7 revealed a whole crowd singing along to 'Stay', looking like they were having a great time.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.