Photo: Getty Images/CBS Entertainment
Chappell Roan had an unbelievable 2024 as her career skyrocketed her to another level of stardom. But, along with all of the amazing music she released, the "Midwest Princess" also rocked some unforgettable looks, and she has personally ranked the top ten herself.
Taking to Instagram, Chappell shared ten slides in a carousel, and titled it, "My Top 10 Personal Ranking Of My Most 'Iconic' Looks Of The Year," and captioned it, "It's my OPINION!!!!! + why yes, I do consider myself to be iconique."
Indeed, Chappell is the definition of "iconique." Take a closer look at the ~fashun~ below.
Starting off at number ten on her list was her 80s Madonna-esque outfit from her performance on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, during which she performed "Red Wine Supernova."
Photo: CBS ENTERTAINMENT
Coming in at number nine was her spandex Lollapalooza outfit, complete with matching mask. Everyone at the festival was there for Chappell, because it is believed to have been the biggest set in Lollapalooza history, drawing in a record-breaking crowd of over 100,000 fans.
Number eight is her white swan look from her performance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, during which she sang her hit, "Good Luck, Babe!"
Lucky number seven is her out from the second weekend at Coachella. A red butterfly, Chappell was inspired by Ladymisskier Kirby. The look was made by Jackalope Land and after the festival, Roan shared, "Inspired by the incredible @theladymisskier - this was an absolute dream come true. to play @coachella AND be a butterfly.... gagged. Thank you to my incredible band + team who made this pure magic. This is so f***ing sick."
Number six went to her ironclad Medieval Princess look, during a fiery performance of "Good Luck, Babe!" at the MTV Video Music Awards.
Photo: Getty Images 
Going into the top five, at number five is her Coachella weekend one look, a punk-inspired feast for the eyes.
Coming in at number four is her gothic look from the MTV VMAs red carpet.
Photo: Getty Images 
Coming into the top three, at number three, is her pink princess NPR Tiny Desk concert look.
The runner up for her most iconic look, at number two, is her ensemble (nose included), from the Grammys after party, which turned into the "Good Luck, Babe!" cover art.
Photo: Getty Images
And coming in at number one, is her Statue of Liberty look from Governor's Ball. Truly "iconique."
Photo: Getty Images