By 

	Ethan Millman


Post Malone‘s country debut F-1 Trillion is the Number One album on the Billboard chart, the publication confirmed on Sunday, marking his first chart-topping album since Hollywood’s Bleeding in 2019. It also topped the Hot Country chart, the outlet announced. 

F-1 Trillion was a clear contender for the Number One slot, with a stacked list of superstar collaborators including Morgan Wallen, Dolly Parton, Blake Shelton, Luke Combs and Jelly Roll among several others. The album debuted with 250,000 units, which includes 213 million streams, according to Luminate. Chappell Roan’s The Rise and Fall of A Midwest Princess, which has steadily climbed the charts for months, remains at Number 2, while Taylor Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department took third, Wallen’s One Thing at a Time came in fourth and Billie Eilish’s Hit Me Hard and Soft rounded out the Top 5.

F-1 Trillion marks Post Malone’s third Number One album, following Beerbongs & Bentleys and Hollywood’s Bleeding. His two most recent albums Twelve Carat Toothache and Austin both peaked at Number 2.  

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	While F-1 Trillion marks Posty’s first official country album, it’s a fitting shift for the rapper-singer, who’s played covers of country stars like Sturgill Simpson and Brad Paisley in years past. Still, the record reflects the major surge in popularity Country has seen in the streaming era, as well as its influence on pop music today. Beyonce released a groundbreaking country album of her own with Cowboy Carter, while Lana Del Rey confirmed earlier this year that she’d have a country album as well.

	Malone saw major success with the Wallen collab “I Had Some Help,” F-1 Trillion’s lead single, which had spent six non-consecutive weeks atop the Hot 100 this summer. It’s got a strong shot at winning back the throne once again from Shaboozey’s own country hit “A Bar Song (Tipsy), which has been Number One for the past five weeks. The Hot 100 chart will be confirmed tomorrow.  
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.