Two High Wycombe actors have been named as favourites to take on the role of 007 in the next James Bond movie. 


  Aaron Taylor-Johnson is the bookie's favourite to play the iconic British spy with odds of 11/10 and a 47.6 per cent probability.


  The Online Betting Guide said the actor, who trained at the Jackie Palmer Stage School in High Wycombe, is the favourite after reports that producers had screen-tested and chosen him as their next leading man. 


  But he's not the only actor from the area linked with the role after fellow Jackie Palmer alumni Eddie Redmayne was recommended for the job by fans after his performance in The Day of the Jackal.


READ MORE: Fans think Wycombe actor Eddie Redmayne should be the next Bond


  Redmayne previously returned to Buckinghamshire for his role as Professor Stephen Hawking in The Theory of Everything, shooting scenes at Holy Trinity Church in Penn, around Puttenham Farm and in woodland areas of Penn Bottom. 


  But though fans say he'd be a good pick for the next 007, bookies are yet to link him with the job.


  Theo James is currently second favourite with odds of 5/2, following by Paul Mescal (4/1), Callum Turner (5/1) and James Norton (6/1). 


  Chappell Roan is 2/1 favourite to become the next James Bond theme song artist, followed by Lana Del Rey, Dua Lipa, Lady Gaga, Raye and Adele. 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.