Leftists raise valid concerns about the VP’s candidacy, but Jill Stein isn’t the answer.
It feels exhausting to hear about how “unprecedented” the stakes are every election cycle. I am only 20 years old, but it feels as though this is what voters have been told for as long as I’ve had a conscience about politics. While I understand the importance of voting in every election, the stakes of the first presidential election I will ever vote in have me feeling especially anxious. 
The 2024 election has certainly been on my mind lately, but the discourse around pop star Chappell Roan’s views on how there are “problems on both sides” really got me thinking about how problematic it is that the average voter is stuck picking between a lesser of two evils every election cycle. 
The thing is, Roan is right. Every election cycle, presidential candidates will do whatever it takes to get the votes of centrist and undecided voters. According to an Oct. 3 NPR poll, 20% of voters nationwide were undecided. 
Of that group, 15% were leaning toward a candidate, while the remaining 5% considered themselves completely undecided. So, while most voters are set in who they will vote for and likely have strong feelings about the candidates, Harris and Trump are stuck trying to appeal to the undecided group.
What this means is that the candidates will do whatever they can to race to the center, which often means the Democratic candidate will skew conservatively on some issues. And while Harris is the clear choice for voters who place LGBTQIA+ rights as their top concern — with Trump pledging to roll back protections for queer people and ban gender-affirming health care — the same cannot be said for left-leaning voters who prioritize different issues.
Alarmingly, Harris has skewed right on immigration and has taken similar positions to what Democrats condemned when Trump first ran in 2016. Harris, who once called a border wall “un-American” in 2018, is now supporting its construction. One of the most prominent issues among Democratic voters this election cycle, though, is the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in the Middle East. 
Interestingly, a March 2024 Gallup poll found that 49% of Democratic voters sympathize more with Palestinians than Israelis, with only 38% of voters sympathizing with Israelis more. This marks the first time that more Democratic voters sympathized with Palestinians than Israelis; as recently as 2018, Gallup found that 49% of Democratic voters sympathized more with Israelis while only 31% of voters sympathized with Palestinians. 
This reversal reflects a decadeslong trend in polling of increased support for Palestine, indicating a clear shift in an electorate that has historically been more sympathetic toward Israel. 
Despite this clear shift, Harris has stayed firm that Israel “has [a] right to defend itself” but also argues that Palestinians need “dignity [and] security.” This stance is particularly unsettling to voters who consider themselves more leftist, like myself — an electorate that is more likely to support a Democratic candidate. And while I will cast my vote for Harris come November, what Roan said is right — “settling for what has been offered [is] … questionable.” 
It is also just plain frustrating. Voters like myself are often stuck settling our values in favor of middle voters, which is why many leftists are considering voting for Jill Stein, the Green Party candidate, in this election. 
While it may seem moral to vote for Stein, a candidate who is pro-Palestine, her chances of victory are next to none. Given that Trump won by fewer votes than what Stein received in key swing states during the 2016 election, voting for Stein is not the way to prevent further Palestinian deaths; voting for Harris is.
While Harris presently takes a pro-Israel stance, her rhetoric has been distinctly different from Trump’s and even from President Biden’s. As early as March — and before Biden — Harris called for a ceasefire. 
Most often, voters are willing to be civically engaged once every four years on election day and not at any other point. But voters must take their civil duties beyond voting by pressuring Harris after election day to reach a ceasefire and disarm Israel.
In June 2012, President Obama signed the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals as an executive order, protecting a group of young, undocumented immigrants who met certain requirements. Obama didn’t sign this order because he had unwavering support for undocumented immigrants. Rather, DACA came into law because of undocumented immigrants and allies working with immigration attorneys to organize large protests outside of Obama’s campaign offices.
But by electing Harris into office and pushing her in similar efforts, we may preserve more Palestinian lives than by voting for Stein and potentially enabling another Trump administration. If voters want third parties to become more viable, efforts must begin with smaller-scale elections. Change happens gradually, not by supporting a candidate with no viability in a national election.
We are the only independent newspaper here at USC, run at every level by students. That means we aren’t tied down by any other interests but those of readers like you: the students, faculty, staff and South Central residents that together make up the USC community.
Independence is a double-edged sword: We have a unique lens into the University’s actions and policies, and can hold powerful figures accountable when others cannot. But that also means our budget is severely limited. We’re already spread thin as we compensate the writers, photographers, artists, designers and editors whose incredible work you see in our daily paper; as we work to revamp and expand our digital presence, we now have additional staff making podcasts, videos, webpages, our first ever magazine and social media content, who are at risk of being unable to receive the support they deserve.
We are therefore indebted to readers like you, who, by supporting us, help keep our paper daily (we are the only remaining college paper on the West Coast that prints every single weekday), independent, free and widely accessible.
Please consider supporting us. Even $1 goes a long way in supporting our work; if you are able, you can also support us with monthly, or even annual, donations. Thank you.
Career Fair Guide April 2025
Housing Guide 2025
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Google Map Settings:
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them: