The "Casual" singer performed her final opening set on Tuesday night.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Olivia Rodrigo kissed Chappell Roan at their concert Tuesday night (April 2), giving the indie musician a proper sendoff following her final opening set on the Guts World Tour. 

	Toward the end of Rodrigo’s second performance at Boston’s TD Garden, the 21-year-old pop star greeted fans gathered at the barricade near the stage — something that’s become a tradition at her Guts shows. This time, though, the “Casual” singer was there waiting.

	When Rodrigo saw Roan amongst the concertgoers, she excitedly embraced the 26-year-old rising star and planted a smooch on her cheek. Jumbotrons captured the sweet moment, which made the crowd cheer even louder.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The pair waved goodbye into the camera before making their way into the wings, signifying the end of Roan’s time on the Guts Tour. 

	The “Red Wine Supernova” artist has been with the trek since it kicked off in February in Palm Springs, Calif., warming up audiences across the U.S. and Canada with performances of songs from her 2023 album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess. Roan will now pass the baton to The Breeders, who will alternate with Remi Wolf and Pinkpantheress as the next tour openers.

	Following her shows in Boston, Rodrigo is now headed to New York City for a four-night stint at Madison Square Garden starting Friday (April 5). On her first-ever arena tour, the former High School Musical: The Musical: The Series star has been performing tracks from her debut and sophomore albums, 2021’s Sour and 2023’s Guts, both of which topped the Billboard 200.

	Watch Rodrigo kiss Roan at their Boston concert below.

An earlier version of this story mistakenly said Rodrigo and Roan shared a kiss “on the mouth,” which has since been changed to reflect that Rodrigo kissed Roan on the cheek.
LIV AND CHAPPELL HUG !!! pic.twitter.com/K2wniCP1IK
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.