By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:19, 18 September 2024   |  Updated:  00:11, 19 September 2024   
 52
View  comments
Saturday Night Live is gearing up for its upcoming 50th season, and revealed the star-studded lineup on Wednesday ahead of the first episode that is set to air later this month on September 28. 
The sketch comedy series notably announced three newcomers to the cast earlier this month - which include Ashley Padilla, Emil Wakim and Jane Wickline. 
During the premiere episode on September 28, actress Jean Smart will take on hosting duties for the first time alongside musical guest, Jelly Roll, per Variety. 
Smart, 73, is known for starring in a number of projects throughout her career thus far, such as Frasier and the 2002 film, Sweet Home Alabama. She currently stars in the HBO Max drama, Hacks. 
Jelly Roll - whose real name is Jason Bradley DeFord - will step onto the SNL stage for the first time ahead of the release of his album, Beautifully Broken, on October 11. 
Saturday Night Live is gearing up for its upcoming 50th season, and revealed the star-studded lineup on Wednesday ahead of the first episode that is set to air later this month on September 28; seen in April in Las Vegas 
Michael Keaton will host on October 19 alongside musical guest, Billie Eilish, who is no stranger to the sketch comedy series
The country music artist shared the news to his main Instagram page and expressed his gratitude for the opportunity. 
'The premiere of the 50th season of SNL. BRB going to cry for a few hours and call every family member I have. Bringing therapeutic music to my favorite show ever. God is Good,' he penned to his fans and followers. 
On October 5, comedian Nate Bargatze will host the show for the second time, alongside musical guest Coldplay. 
One day earlier on October 4, the rock band is slated to drop their 10th studio album titled, Moon Music. 
The following week on October 12, Ariana Grande will take on hosting duties for the second time - after previously hosting back in 2016. 
The We Can't Be Friends songstress will be joined by musical guest, Stevie Nicks, during the episode. 
Michael Keaton will host on October 19 alongside musical guest, Billie Eilish, who is no stranger to the sketch comedy series. 
It will be the singer's fourth time on SNL as a musical guest and will promote her third studio album, Hit Me Hard And Soft, which dropped earlier this year in May. 
During the premiere episode on September 28, actress Jean Smart will take on hosting duties for the first time alongside musical guest, Jelly Roll, per Variety
The country music artist shared the news to his main Instagram page and expressed his gratitude for the opportunity
On October 5, comedian Nate Bargatze will host the show for the second time, alongside musical guest Coldplay
The stand-up comedian will host the show for the sixth time, and previously was a writer for SNL from 2008 through 2013; Mulaney seen in January in L.A. 
On November 2, John Mulaney will host the episode and Chappell Roan will make her first appearance on the series as the musical guest. 
The stand-up comedian will host the show for the sixth time, and previously was a writer for SNL from 2008 through 2013. 
During the show's 50th season, new cast members will make an appearance which includes Ashley Padilla, Emil Wakim and also Jane Wickline. 
Their casting comes after Chloe Troast exited the sketch comedy series after one season, with Punkie Johnson and Molly Kearney also leaving the show. 
Cast member, Chloe Fineman, opened up about the newcomers during an interview with People earlier this month, and gave her advice. 
'Have fun. Yeah...You kind of are, like, thrown into the fire,' she expressed to the publication. 
Last month in August, Johnson jumped to Instagram to share a video to announce her exit, but explained that there is 'no bad blood.' 
'What's up family. I just want to let y'all know, after four seasons, I will not be returning to SNL for the 50th,' the star said at the beginning of the reel. 
Cast member, Chloe Fineman, opened up about the newcomers during an interview with People earlier this month, and gave her advice; seen earlier this month in NYC 
She revealed that she had already revealed the news of her exit by accidently telling a fan, 'I ain't coming back,' when asked about the 50th season. 
'There's no bad blood, there's no bridges burned, there's no hard feelings. Bro, I love my people. I ain't think none of this was gonna be a big deal. See, this is why Dave Chappelle makes people lock up their phones [at his shows].'
Punkie then added, 'But SNL has been a dream I didn't even know that I could achieve. Man, I was a part of one of the most elite institutions in comedy, and I am so grateful for it.' 
'That's still my people. I love them. I'm gonna be at the afterparties, acting a plum fool. But my time there has come to an end, and Punkie outside now y'all. But I love y'all and I appreciate all y'all. Peace.'
Kearney also shared on Instagram, 'Y'all that's a wrap on my time on SNL! Reflecting on the amazing 2 seasons I got on this show, it was such a dream come true.'
'So incredibly grateful for this period in my life. So much love to all my big hearted buddies behind the scenes who make the magic happen every week. So many bald caps, so little time.'
Last month in August, Johnson jumped to Instagram to share a video to announce her exit, but explained that there is 'no bad blood'; seen on SNL earlier this year in March 
Kearney also shared on Instagram, 'Y'all that's a wrap on my time on SNL! Reflecting on the amazing 2 seasons I got on this show, it was such a dream come true'; seen on SNL in 2023 
Molly continued, 'It was a true honor to work with such a talented group of writers and DON'T EVEN GET ME STARTED ON THE CAST.'
'Special shout out to my day 1 crew. Head up and heart out! Harold forever!!!!!' she added, referencing to her co-stars Marcello Hernandez, Devon Walker and Michael Longfellow. 
They notably joined Saturday Night Live with Molly back in 2022 during the show's 48th season. 
In celebration of SNL's 50th season, a three-hour live special will air next year on February 16, 2025.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group