They sleighed it.
 Two of 2024's biggest stars have aligned for the holiday season.

 In her new Netflix special, A Nonsense Christmas, Sabrina Carpenter brought out Chappell Roan to sing a duet of Wham!'s holiday favorite "Last Christmas." About 35 minutes into the show, which premiered on Netflix Friday night, the duo performed the 1984 single on a set decked out to resemble the aftermath of a Christmass-y house party, with wine bottles and red cups strewn about as they read the lyrics karaoke-style off a vintage television.

Alfredo Flores/Netflix 
 The pair began the performance wrapped in wintery white faux-fur, but Roan later tossed off her coat to reveal a green velvety outfit adorned with two massive rectangular gemstones. She also straightened her hair for the appearance.

 In B-roll footage that plays over the closing credits, Carpenter greets Roan with a compliment. "You look so beautiful," she tells the "Hot to Go" singer. To which Roan responds, "I look so… straight." Cue Carpenter bursting into laughter.

 Roan is just one of several buzzy guest stars who pop up in A Nonsense Christmas. Earlier in the special, Carpenter sings a rendition of Donny Hathaway's "This Christmas" alongside Tyla and also performs a goofy comedy sketch in which Sean Astin plays her new boyfriend, Nick — whom Carpenter fails to realize is Santa Claus. At the end of the sketch, Shania Twain enters as Mrs. Claus and announces that she has an open marriage with Santa (ho-ho-ho?).

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

Alfredo Flores/Netflix 
 Carpenter later joins Twain for an acoustic performance of "Santa Baby."

 "That was beautiful, Sabrina," the "Man! I Feel Like a Woman" singer says at the end of the tune. "I can't believe you're here!" Carpenter replies.

 The "Espresso" singer also stars in a comedy sketch about not knowing what to get her brother-in-law (Kyle Mooney) for Christmas, as well as a Christmas Carol–esque sketch about a Scrooge-ish young man (Nico Hiraga) who receives threatening visits from the ghosts of Christmases past, present, and future (Carpenter, Quinta Brunson, and Cara Delevingne, respectively). And the penultimate musical performance comes in the form of an "I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus" duet with Kali Uchis.

 Carpenter closes out her special with a holiday version of her 2022 song "Nonsense." Retitled "A Christmas Nonsense," the retooled track was released in 2023 as part of her Fruitcake EP. In keeping with her tradition of writing a new outro for every live "Nonsense" performance, the singer ends the song with the lyrics, "Well here we are, my special at its ending / Love you all and thank you for attending / I can't believe I kept it family friendling." She then receives a small Christmas gift that begins vibrating: "Oh, a massager. Thank you!"

 Carpenter's A Nonsense Christmas special is streaming now on Netflix.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)