Cara Delevingne had no idea who Bruce Springsteen was when she met him.
The model, 31, told the Sunday Times that she and her girlfriend, Leah Mason, were backstage at the Glastonbury Music Festival in June 2022 when they “took a photo with this guy” (per People).
Delevingne recalled asking Mason — also known by the stage name Minke — afterward, “Who was that?”
That “guy” turned out to be the “Born to Run” musician, 74, who made an appearance during Paul McCartney’s headline set at the festival that year.
“She was like, ‘What? That was Bruce Springsteen!'” the actress recalled of her partner’s reaction. “I had no idea what he looked like. She thinks that’s blasphemy.”
Delevingne explained that she and Mason have very different tastes in music.
“Leah likes old rock, Fleetwood Mac, whereas I like R&B and old-school hip-hop, like the Notorious B.I.G.,” the “Suicide Squad” star said. “And I love the wave of lesbians in music now, like Chappell Roan and Reneé Rapp.”
Despite their musical differences, the couple still enjoys going to concerts together and are planning on attending Girls Aloud, Taylor Swift, Troye Sivan, Robbie Williams and Stevie Nicks shows soon.
Delevingne revealed in a March 2023 interview with Vogue that she and Mason first met as kids while attending an English boarding school, but lost contact. They reconnected 12 years later at an Alanis Morissette concert.
“She’s the type of person who has boundaries, and there came a point with me when she wasn’t going to have it much longer, and it was a blessing in disguise,” the runway vixen told the magazine at the time. “It’s the first time I feel like I’m in a relationship not trying to rescue someone.”
Delevingne got sober in late 2022, several months into her relationship with Mason, after seeing paparazzi photos of herself acting erratically at a Los Angeles airport after the Burning Man festival.
While reflecting on her decades-long struggle with substance abuse, the “Only Murders in the Building” star told the Times she “got drunk” at her aunt’s wedding in 2001. Delevingne was 8 at the time. “What a crazy age to get drunk,” she admitted.
“I used to think drugs and alcohol helped me cope,” she confessed. “But they didn’t. They kept me sad and super depressed. I feel like I’ve got my power back, and I’m not being controlled by other things.”
She added that she “would still be reeling over” losing her $7 million LA home, which burned down in March, had she “not been sober.”
Advertisement