By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Chappell Roan is clarifying recent comments about not feeling pressured to endorse a political candidate for the 2024 presidential election.

	In a new video on social media, Roan made it clear she is not voting for Donald Trump but stopped short of saying she would vote for Kamala Harris.

	“Hear it from my mouth, if you’re still wondering,” Roan said on TikTok. “No, I’m not voting for Trump and yes, I will always question those in power and those making decisions over other people. And I will stand up for what’s right and what I believe in. And like, it’s always at the forefront of my project.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Jon Voight Has A Plan To Save Hollywood: Will Trump Or Anyone Else Care?		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Donald Trump's Latest Executive Order Directs An End To Federal Funding For NPR And PBS; "Blatantly Unlawful," PBS CEO Says --- Update		
			







	The “Good Luck, Babe” singer recently gave an interview to The Guardian in which she called out the U.S. government, saying she has “so many issues” with them and adding, “There are so many things that I would want to change. So I don’t feel pressured to endorse someone.”




			Watch on Deadline		






	Roan continued, “There’s problems on both sides. I encourage people to use your critical thinking skills, use your vote – vote small, vote for what’s going on in your city.”

	After Roan’s comments were picked up on social media, many took issue with them as she is known to be a champion for the queer community, which has felt attacked by policies under the Trump administration. Many interpreted Roan’s “both sides” comments as putting both Harris and Trump on the same level when one side is actively demonizing the community she identifies with. 

	In the social media discourse, many believed Roan didn’t take a hard stance on endorsing a political candidate like fellow singers Taylor Swift and Billie Eilish because she was secretly a Republican and voting for Trump.

	In the TikTok video clarifying her comments, Roan said she has always “encouraged people to use critical thinking skills” to “learn about what they’re voting for” and “who they’re voting for.” Roan said her comments with the British publication were “being completely taken out of context.”

	“I think it’s important for me to question authority and question world leaders and question myself, question my algorithm,” she said in the video posted on Tuesday, September 24. “Question if some person that tweeted something about someone else is even true.”

	Roan said that the upcoming 2024 presidential election is the third election she is participating in and that she wants “to be a part of the generation that changes things for good.”

	










	“If you read my full interviews, if you literally know anything about me and for what I stand for, you know that this is not lip service,” she continued. “This is not virtue signaling. That my actions have always paved the way for my project and the people who really know me… actions speak louder than words and actions speak louder than an endorsement.”

	Roan went on to read the full quote from The Guardian and included the part where she highlighted she is for “trans rights,” saying, “There’s problems on both sides. I encourage people to use your critical thinking skills, use your vote – vote small, vote for what’s going on in your city.”

The singer has stood up for trans rights and, earlier this month, dedicated her MTV VMA award to the community in an emotional speech.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.