Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The titular cruise ship welcomed guests for "Gay Week," which featured Don Johnson's character getting quizzed on gay lingo, John Stamos as a "Daddy," Bob the Drag Queen and more than one throuple (kind of). 

							By 

	Nicole Fell


[This story contains spoilers from the seventh episode of Doctor Odyssey, “Oh, Daddy!”]

	It was “Gay Week” on Doctor Odyssey, and the Ryan Murphy-produced series addressed the (almost) throuple in the room.



	At the end of last week’s episode, the show’s core trio of Max (Joshua Jackson), Avery (Phillipa Soo) and Tristan (Sean Teale) decided to make their relationship a little less platonic. After declaring that a threesome was on each of the character’s bucket lists, Avery tells her two potential suitors she’d be open to one, which forces Tristan into action. Max eventually joins the group, in a fade-to-black moment.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					Why Joshua Jackson Is Comparing His 'Dawson's Creek' Audition to 'The Hunger Games'		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					'Grey's Anatomy,' 'Shifting Gears' Among Five ABC Renewals, 'Doctor Odyssey' in Limbo		
			








	The first moments of this week’s episode — titled “Oh, Daddy!” — kicked off with Don Johnson’s Captain Robert guessing gay lingo ahead of the ship’s “Gay Week,” telling the ship that his younger brother, guest star John Stamos, will be aboard with his new boyfriend.

	“Relax, Daddies are in. They’re having a moment, as the kids say,” Johnson’s Robert told Jackson’s Max after the crew decided Max is in the daddy category.

	Before Max, Avery and Tristan could even talk through their prior night together, Bob the Drag Queen then makes an appearance as a guest of Captain Robert (a gift for his brother). “You’re his favorite queen,” he tells the drag queen.

	Stamos finally appears with, surprise, not one but two boyfriends. Naturally, this leads the core trio to talk about what Jackson’s Max refers to as something they agreed to “never speak about it again.”

	“You two are acting weird, like really extremely weird,” Avery tells them. “I had fun, it was exciting and hot,” she continues, making it it known that she wants the threesome to be more than a onetime occurrence.

	A fight over a diagnosis between Max and Tristan during a visit with a patient then leads the doctor to speak with Avery and Max, telling them he doesn’t think he can be with more than one person. “I can’t do it, I just can’t. What happened the other night was wonderful, but it’s just not me,” Max tells them.

	Avery isn’t deterred, asking Tristan to convince Max to give it a rethink. Eventually, Tristan confesses to Avery that he doesn’t want to “share” her. 

	Other highlights of the episode include Bob the Drag Queen performing to Chappell Roan’s “Hot to Go,” Stamos’ character telling Max “I’ve got two boyfriends, that’s thrilling enough” and an actual birth aboard the ship.

	










	The throuple seems to have moved back into a love triangle, at least for now. But as this episode has proved, nothing is impossible in the world of Doctor Odyssey.

	***

Doctor Odyssey releases new episodes Thursdays at 9 p.m. on ABC.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Inside the business of TV with breaking news, expert analysis and showrunner interviews
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.