No, it wasn't Alec Baldwin, Jon Hamm, or Andy Samberg in the naughty Halloween cookie sketch.
Jillian Sederholm is Entertainment Weekly's news director and co-host of EW's 'BINGE' podcast covering every season of 'RuPaul's Drag Race.' Follow her on Twitter at @JillianSed to geek out over 'SNL,' guess every celeb on 'The Masked Singer,' or discuss Christian Bale's entire filmography in intricate detail (have you noticed all the dancing?)
 The Saturday Night Live Minion mystery is solved.

 Saturday's episode featured a sketch about a baker (host Michael Keaton) whose cookies, which were meant to be zombie eyeballs, looked more like women's breasts. But something else had viewers' curiosity titillated.

 The sketch opened with Heidi Gardner and Mikey Day as Shop TV personalities Lindy and Rhett, hosting a Halloween-themed show. "Everybody's getting silly. We got a Minion running our dang camera over there," Day's Rhett pointed out. "Look at that. Hey, does Gru know you got a second job there, Roy?" he asked as the shot zoomed in on an unamused cameraman in a makeshift yellow and denim Minion costume. "Banana," he responded, referencing the Despicable Me creatures' favorite treat.

SNL/Youtube
 But who was in the Minion costume? Fans on X and Reddit speculated the man behind the Minion could be Andy Samberg or Alec Baldwin, who both had cameos earlier in the episode, or maybe even frequent guest Jon Hamm, who voiced a character in 2015's Minions movie.

 In actuality, the answer was spelled out the whole time. Instead of a celebrity cameo or returning cast member, a source close to the show confirmed to Entertainment Weekly the Minion was played by an actual camera operator at SNL.

 Watch the full sketch below:

 Day and Gardner were reprising their roles from last season's "ShopTV Christmas" sketch in which host Adam Driver played a chocolatier who creates phallic candy Santas. Before that, Day was joined by Cecily Strong in a 2022 version with host Jerrod Carmichael as a dollmaker whose creation has rainbow pubic hair.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Although somewhat rare, this isn't the first time a member of the SNL crew has had a brief on-camera speaking role. The most famous example is production designer Akira "Leo" Yoshimura, who was part of the original season 1 crew and still works at the iconic NBC sketch show. Yoshimura has appeared uncredited several times over the decades, most recognizably playing Star Trek's Lieutenant Hikaru Sulu in season 1's "The Last Voyage of the Starship Enterprise" sketch, and reprising the role 41 years later in a season 42 Star Trek spoof with host Chris Pine.

Saturday Night Live/Youtube
 After a week off, SNL, now in its 50th season, returns for its next live episode on Saturday, Nov. 2, with former SNL writer and fan-favorite host John Mulaney joined by first time musical guest Chappell Roan.

 Saturday Night Live airs Saturdays at 11:30 p.m. ET/8:30 p.m. PT on NBC and Peacock.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)