By 

	Jon Blistein


Post Malone, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Fred Again.., and Pretty Lights lead the Bonnaroo 2024 lineup. The four-day festival in Manchester, Tennessee, will kick off Thursday, June 13, and wrap Sunday, June 16.

	On night one, Pretty Lights — who returned to music last year after a lengthy hiatus — will headline the main stage, while the Australian producer/DJ Fisher also secured top billing. Other artists set to perform include Geese, Gwar, the Heavy Heavy, BigXThaPlug, Disco Lines, Militarie Gun, Durand Bernarr, and Eggy. (Pretty Lights will also appear later in the weekend for a special “sunrise set.”)

Post Malone will cap off day two, with additional performances from Maggie Rogers, Khruangbin, Dominic Fike, Sevel Lions, Interpol, Lizzy McAlpine, T-Pain, Gary Clark Jr., Joe Russo’s Almost Dead, the Mars Volta, Faye Webster, Key Glock, Thundercat, Mdou Moctar, Grouplove, and Bonny Light Horseman.

	Day three will feature the Chili Peppers, as well as Cage the Elephant, Cigarettes After Sex, Jon Batiste, Diplo, Melanie Martinez, Renee Rapp, Idles, Brittany Howard, Sean Paul, Ethel Cain, BadBadNotGood, and Teezo Touchdown. Saturday will also boast the annual “SuperJam,” this time with an emo twist as Dashboard Confessional will lead the proceedings (special guests will be announced later, while some will remain a surprise).

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Fred Again.. will close out Bonnaroo with his only scheduled U.S. festival performance for 2024. The grand finale will also feature performances from Megan Thee Stallion, Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit, Carly Rae Jepson, Joey Bada$$, Two Friends, Taking Back Sunday, Four Tet, Chappell Roan, Yves Tumor, and Armand Hammer.

	Pre-sale tickets for Bonnaroo 2024 will start going on sale Jan. 11 at 10 a.m. CT/11 a.m. ET, with fans able to sign-up for a passcode now via the festival’s website. A public on-sale will follow if any tickets are still remaining. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.