BySimone Melvin
After earning a master’s degree in information science from Cornell at 23, Jenny Lei planned to enter consulting. But there was one problem—she could never find the perfect bag for the office. So, in 2019, Lei decided to create her dream work tote, despite having no formal design training. Partnering with a family-owned factory in her birthplace, China, she launched Freja with just 300 totes in her first collection. In the last five years, Lei, who is now 28, expanded her luxury line of chic minimalist bags, which has become a favorite among both working professionals and A-list celebrities such as Hailey Bieber.
Tim Tadder for Forbes
“I think transparency and authenticity have always been a part of the brand’s DNA,” says Lei, whose New York City–based startup earned $5.3 million in revenue in 2023 and expects to double that figure this year. “Even today I share how much our bags cost to make, and people love that.”
Lei is one of many founders, artists and designers on this year’s Forbes Under 30 Art & Style list who came from humble beginnings and eschewed traditional career paths. Philadelphia textile artist Qualeasha Wood, 28, took on more than $20,000 worth of credit card debt to fund her elaborate machine-woven tapestries—but it’s certainly paid off. In 2021, Wood became one of the youngest artists to have works shown in (and been acquired by) New York’s Metropolitan Museum of Art. Around the same time, producer Swizz Beatz snapped up one of her pieces, which was shown in the Brooklyn Museum earlier this year.
“My practice has kind of been all pushing boundaries,” says Wood, whose art combines digital imagery with themes surrounding her identity as a Black queer woman. “I’m making work for that little girl who once upon a time hated art and didn't feel welcomed in that space.”
Also in the art world: Gallerist Douglas Gold, 29, started his career buying $20 paintings at flea markets and flipping them online. Now he’s founded two galleries in New York—both of which exhibit marginalized artists—and has sold $5 million worth of art to collectors across the globe.
Andrew Kwon, 29, is another member of the class of 2025 whose young career has already taken many turns. Originally an architecture major, Kwon pivoted to bridal and evening wear, with his pieces making red carpet appearances on Lucy Liu, Lily Gladstone and Constance Wu, to name a few.
As always, several listers are trailblazers in their fields, including Mira Nadon, 23, the first Asian American female principal dancer for the New York City Ballet. “It's been really wonderful to hear from people who have said that it's inspired them,” Nadon says. Another honoree making history, Alex Consani, 20, who was one of the first pair of transgender models to walk in the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. Other models on this year’s list include supermodel Gigi Hadid, who founded the cashmere brand Guest in Residence, and Natalia Bryant, eldest daughter to the late NBA legend Kobe Bryant who made her runway debut in 2023 for Versace in Milan.
Some inductees are integral to the success of today’s biggest stars. Chappell Roan’s stylist Genesis Webb, 27, is behind many of the singer’s iconic outfits, having spent two months prepping for Roan’s Joan of Arc-inspired look at MTV’s VMAs. “I feel most proud when I see other people recreate outfits,” Webb says. “That's something so indescribable.”
Meanwhile, Alex Zhang, 29, is the Chief Creative Officer at Powder Mountain, a ski resort owned by Netflix cofounder and billionaire Reed Hastings. He oversees the architecture, art and branding of the property, which has raised more than $200 million in funding. Hastings reportedly calls Zhang the Visionary–and himself the Banker. Says Zhang: “I love creating and designing experiences for people that fuel connection and a sense of community.”
Some listers this year have identified gaps in the marketplace. Aidan Cullen, 25, and Alex Gruszynski, 28 cofounded Nova, an app that matches freelancers in creative industries to companies looking for hires—and has raised nearly $2 million in pre-seed funding. Innovating on the fashion side is Kate Barton, 28. Her eponymous brand’s avant-garde designs have been seen on characters in Emily in Paris, and on celebrities, including Winnie Harlow, Katy Perry and Heidi Klum.
The Under 30 list spotlights creatives and founders aged 29 or younger as of December 31, 2024, and who have never before been named to a North America, Europe or Asia 30 Under 30 list.
Following a public nomination process, each list is judged by a panel of industry leaders. In Art & Style, the 2025 list was judged by celebrity stylist Law Roach; principal ballet dancer Misty Copeland; artist and photographer Petra Collins, an Under 30 list alumna; and designer Betsey Johnson, founder of her eponymous label.
Of those named to the final list, 49% identify as people of color and 61% are women.
This year’s Art & Style list was edited by Simone Melvin, McKenna Leavens and Leslie Caimi. Click here for a link to the complete Art & Style list, and for full Under 30 coverage, click here.