The singer is currently on her ongoing 'Short N’ Sweet' tour across North America
Sabrina Carpenter took over The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon to perform her hit track ‘Espresso’ last night (October 3).
The singer transformed Fallon’s Studio 6B stage at Rockafeller Center and transformed it into a vintage sultry club setting while singing her Number One track alongside a live band and a trio of backup singers.
Dressed in her signature sparkling leotard and voluminous hair, Carpenter made her way around the show’s stage and over to Fallon’s hosting desk. ‘Espresso’ landed the Number One spot on the UK Charts and recently won an MTV VMA for Song Of The Year. Carpenter has previously shared that she was “alone” in wanting to release ‘Espresso’ as the lead single from her sixth LP ‘Short N’ Sweet’.
The pop singer is currently on her ongoing ‘Short N’ Sweet’ tour across North America. Her next stop will take place tomorrow (October 5) at Baltimore’s CFG Bank Arena. You can visit here to purchase any remaining tickets.
Recently, the singer spoke out against accusations of lip syncing, telling fans that she always sings live during her shows.
“Does she ever sing live?” one fan wrote on TikTok, while another dubious user replied by saying: “Hate to say it but 30 per cent lip [syncing] 30 per cent backing track 40 per cent singing.”
“I sing live every show 100 per cent,” she responded in the comments, before asking them: “Would you like to speak to my audio engineers?”
Elsewhere, ‘Short N’ Sweet’ has become one of the biggest releases of the summer, and now has also earned Carpenter a spot on the Grammys’ Best New Artist Ballot.
According to the Hollywood Reporter, the award is measured by factors including “public consciousness” and “prominence”, and will see her go up against Chappell Roan at the 2025 ceremony. Despite being considered for the Best New Artist award, the nod comes as ‘Short N’ Sweet’ is the singer’s sixth record.
In other Sabrina Carpenter news, the singer recently responded to criticism of her embracing her sexuality during her recent run of tour dates.
“You’ll still get the occasional mother that has a strong opinion on how you should be dressing. And to that I just say, don’t come to the show and that’s OK,” she told TIME.
“It’s unfortunate that it’s ever been something to criticise, because truthfully, the scariest thing in the world is getting up on a stage in front of that many people and having to perform as if it’s nothing. If the one thing that helps you do that is the way you feel comfortable dressing, then that’s what you’ve got to do.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.