Perhaps the only silver lining to one very orange cloud 
Perhaps the only silver lining to Donald Trump’s election as the President of the United States has been the fictional cabinet memes to grace social media following his shocking win.
On November 5 Moo Deng’s prediction came true as Donald Trump was re-elected after his first stint in the White House from 2016 to 2020. The result was particularly hard for disenfranchised groups, many of which fear for their basic human rights going forward. Already, women are ditching their boyfriends and joining South Korea’s 4B movement.
Donald Trump announces that Elon Musk will lead the Department of Government Efficiency alongside Vivek Ramaswamy. pic.twitter.com/A3UoqKnjFb
— Pop Base (@PopBase) November 13, 2024
Following his landmark victory against Democrat nominee Kamala Harris, Donald Trump has started to fill his inner circle with Republican giants, news anchors, and Tesla CEO Elon Musk.
So far, he has appointed:
As you might expect, Elon Musk and Vivek Ramaswamy’s appointments have raised eyebrows as Americans question their lack of political experience and close personal ties to the Command in Chief.
For better or worse, Donald Trump memes have become a major feature of social media in 2024, from jokes about his “Cheeto complexion” to mocking skits about his unique way of talking. Cabinet memes have already begun to pop up on X, which is rather ironic when you consider Elon Musk owns it.
The memes tap into the absurdity of Trump’s cabinet selections, suggesting celebrities, influencers, and even fictional characters for some of America’s most important roles. The most successful memes tend to make jabs at the celebrity too, like suggesting that Taylor Swift should be in the Department of Pollution as an obvious jab at her private jet usage.
Taylor Swift knows the skies better than anyone:
Donald Trump announces @taylorswift13 will lead the Department of Pollution pic.twitter.com/whEaFmd6Fq
— ducki 🏳️‍⚧️ (@dxckiii) November 14, 2024
You just had to be there to get this one:
Donald Trump announces Nadine Coyle as Head of Passport Control pic.twitter.com/c4OWLQ6usE
— Fiona Small (@FionaSmall) November 13, 2024
Glee Clubs will be banned in America:
Donald Trump announces that Sue Sylvester will lead the Department of Performing Arts. pic.twitter.com/gg680RE0ox
— Terri Schuester Updates (@terri_updates) November 13, 2024
The internet’s messiest celeb is getting a role:
Donald Trump announces that Azealia Banks will lead the Department of Social Media pic.twitter.com/NWy5BHVpwd
— fem top (@gayandold) November 13, 2024
Rumours say she’s struggling to read the announcement:
Donald Trump announces that Lea Michele will lead the Department of Punctuation and Spelling. pic.twitter.com/3uG093SKDE
— Lyric Vault (@LyricVault) November 13, 2024
No better man for the job:
BREAKING: Donald Trump announces that Pennywise will lead the Department of Child Safety pic.twitter.com/jpm8mvTrjY
— cunt orlok (@skarsgardcinema) November 14, 2024
White House briefings will be watchable for the first time in history:
Donald Trump announces Chappell Roan as the next White House Press Secretary pic.twitter.com/jnqXbINkcD
— Bry (@PoliticPapi) November 13, 2024
Westeros has got nothing on America:
Donald Trump announces Lord Varys will lead the Department of Whispers. pic.twitter.com/nJbILS9LeY
— westerosies (@westerosies) November 13, 2024
Which one is the better question:
Donald Trump announces Ghostface as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. pic.twitter.com/3YnbyAWBBB
— Arkham Asylum (@I_Am_Delirium18) November 15, 2024
Featured image credit: X/Donald Trump
For more like this article plus all the latest news, drops, quizzes and memes, like The Tab on Facebook. 
Win £20 to spend at some of the UK's biggest retailers 
If only procrastination was an Olympic sport
What greater joy is there than a bit of cheap retail therapy?
Lancaster has 84.5 points to York’s 45.5
Hailee really was living the dream
Surely one of these shows will fill the Joel shaped void in your lives
The inspiration behind his x-rated name is so wholesome 
This season well and truly belonged to them
‘If you are for this Supreme Court ruling you cannot call yourself an intersectional feminist’
One is going on ski holidays
Lancaster University Professor joins Michael Portillo’s BBC series to discuss Lakeland Poets 
If only procrastination was an Olympic sport
What greater joy is there than a bit of cheap retail therapy?
Lancaster has 84.5 points to York’s 45.5
Hailee really was living the dream
Surely one of these shows will fill the Joel shaped void in your lives
The inspiration behind his x-rated name is so wholesome 
This season well and truly belonged to them
‘If you are for this Supreme Court ruling you cannot call yourself an intersectional feminist’
One is going on ski holidays
Lancaster University Professor joins Michael Portillo’s BBC series to discuss Lakeland Poets 
Entertainment | Hayley Soen
Entertainment | Hayley Soen
Entertainment | Harrison Brocklehurst
Entertainment | Charl Wright
Entertainment | Hayley Soen
Trends | Kieran Galpin
Entertainment | Hayley Soen
Entertainment | Claudia Cox
Entertainment | Ellissa Bain
Entertainment | Harrison Brocklehurst