The ballad continues at No. 1 on the Global 200 and Global Excl. U.S.

													By
												

	Gary Trust


Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars’ “Die With a Smile” dominates both the Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts for a fifth total and consecutive week.

	The song is a stand-alone single by the superstars. On Friday (Sept. 27), Gaga released her new album, Harlequin.

	The Global 200 and Global Excl. U.S. charts, which began in September 2020, rank songs based on streaming and sales activity culled from more than 200 territories around the world, as compiled by Luminate. The Global 200 is inclusive of worldwide data and the Global Excl. U.S. chart comprises data from territories excluding the United States.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Chart ranks are based on a weighted formula incorporating official-only streams on both subscription and ad-supported tiers of audio and video music services, as well as download sales, the latter of which reflect purchases from full-service digital music retailers from around the world, with sales from direct-to-consumer (D2C) sites excluded from the charts’ calculations.

	“Die With a Smile” rules the Global 200 with 117.8 million streams (up less than 1% week-over-week) and 9,000 sold (down 2%) worldwide Sept. 20-26. The song is Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars’ first No. 1 each since the chart began.

	Notably, the duet has drawn over 100 million streams globally in each of the last four weeks – the most such frames for a song this year; it one-ups Sabrina Carpenter’s “Please Please Please” (three weeks, June-July) and Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” (three, May-July).

	Plus, “Die With a Smile” has gained in streams in each of its six Global 200 chart weeks, having started (at No. 2) with 75.2 million worldwide on the Aug. 31 survey and rising, respectively each week, to 97.2 million, 105.8 million, 111.4 million, 117.4 million and 117.8 million. It’s the first non-holiday song to link as many as four consecutive weeks of 100 million streams with gains in each week since The Kid LAROI and Justin Bieber’s “Stay” did so for four frames in August-September 2021.

	Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” holds at No. 2 on the Global 200, following three weeks at No. 1 beginning in August.

	Carpenter claims three songs in the Global 200’s top 10 for a fifth week: “Espresso” buzzes 4-3, following three nonconsecutive weeks at No. 1 beginning in June; “Taste” drops 3-4 after reaching No. 2; and “Please Please Please” holds at No. 6, after two weeks at No. 1 also starting in June. She’s the first artist to triple up in the top 10 over five weeks in 2024; next up, Eilish and Taylor Swift each have posted two such weeks this year.

	










	Rounding out the Global 200’s top five, Chappell Roan’s “Good Luck, Babe!” is steady at its No. 5 high.

	“Die With a Smile” leads Global Excl. U.S. with 93.9 million streams (up 1%) and 5,000 sold (down 2%) outside the U.S. Sept. 20-26. As on the Global 200, the team-up became Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars’ first No. 1 each since the list launched.

	Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” flies high again at No. 2 on Global Excl. U.S., following three weeks at No. 1 beginning in August; Carpenter’s “Espresso” rises 4-3, following eight nonconsecutive weeks at No. 1 beginning in May; Linkin Park’s “The Emptiness Machine” descends 3-4 after reaching No. 2; and Karol G’s “Si Antes Te Hubiera Conocido” repeats at No. 5, also after hitting No. 2.

	Carpenter’s “Taste” holds at No. 6 on Global Excl. U.S. (after reaching No. 4) and “Please Please Please” keeps at No. 7 (following a week at No. 1 in June); already the only artist with multiple weeks with three songs in the top 10 simultaneously this year, she adds a fifth week achieving the triple triumph.

	The Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts (dated Oct. 5, 2024) will update on Billboard.com tomorrow, Oct. 1. For both charts, the top 100 titles are available to all readers on Billboard.com, while the complete 200-title rankings are visible on Billboard Pro, Billboard’s subscription-based service. For all chart news, you can follow @billboard and @billboardcharts on both X, formerly known as Twitter, and Instagram.

Luminate, the independent data provider to the Billboard charts, completes a thorough review of all data submissions used in compiling the weekly chart rankings. Luminate reviews and authenticates data. In partnership with Billboard, data deemed suspicious or unverifiable is removed, using established criteria, before final chart calculations are made and published.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.