Capitol Hill's biggest event of the year is returning this summer with one of the Queerest lineups yet! Capitol Hill Block Party, a weekend-long music festival, is known for bringing the hottest up-and-comers in the music scene to the streets of Seattle's coolest neighborhood, and this year's lineup may just be the hottest yet. Past lineups have included some of the biggest names in indie, pop, and EDM music, including Lizzo, A$AP Rocky, and Lord Heron.  The event will shut down Pike Street from Broadway to 12th Avenue for three days; those living in residences entirely inside the grounds will have the opportunity to receive free tickets. This year's festival will include 11 stages between Frames Central and Grim's Restaurant and Bar. Some of the city's most iconic Queer bars will host performances outside their venues, including Café Racer, Wildrose, Neumos, and the Schilling Cider House. Access to any of these spaces on the weekend of July 19 will be limited to people with Capitol Hill Block Party wristbands. The party will continue all night, thanks to the nearly block-long Jameson Beer Garden, which will stretch from the Comet Tavern to Out of the Closet Thrift Store. For those with a more refined taste, the slightly smaller Juneshine Beer Garden will be found on the corner of Pike and 11th, just across the street from the merch tent. This beer garden is VIP only but offers a great space to beat the heat while waiting for the next hot act to begin.  VIP tickets will also allow partygoers to skip the long general admission lines and obtain three free drink tickets a day, which can be used at any of the block party's lounges, or for complimentary food and access to private bathrooms. VIP tickets are only available to participants over the age of 21; general admission tickets, however, are available to people of all ages. The Neumos and Barboza stages will only be accessible to guests 21 and over. 
Lineup changesWhile Capitol Hill Block Party is known for pulling incredible talent from around the world, this year's event will also feature local DJs set up at the Schilling Cider House, Café Racer, and Chophouse Row, the last of which will be offering free entertainment to Capitol Hill Block Party ticket holders and the general public.  As of May 13, 2024, Capitol Hill Block Party has announced changes to the scheduled lineup. Though previously advertised as a headliner, Kim Petras will no longer participate. In April, the Grammy-winning artist announced her decision to pull out due to ongoing health issues. "My buns, I'm devastated to be writing this, but I'm going through some health issues, and under medical advice, I have had to make the hard decision to not perform at festivals this summer," she said. Instead, funk-soul pop sensation Remi Wolf will fill her place. The "Cinderella" singer has added the Block Party to her Big Ideas world tour. An up-and-comer on the scene, Wolf is currently opening for Olivia Rodrigo on the Guts tour and has previously worked with fellow headliner Still Woozy. She was a 2014 contestant on American Idol and has since gained a cult following online. Additional headliners include Still Woozy on Saturday and Kaytranada on Sunday. (Tickets to Capitol Hill Block party are not refundable, and headliners are subject to change without notice.)  Chappell Roan, the iconic Lesbian pop princess of the Midwest, will also grace the stage by kicking off the festivities with a Friday show. Roan, who has gone viral on TikTok for her new album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess and hit Queer anthems such as "HOT TO GO!," "Casual," and "Good Luck, Babe," will make her first appearance in Seattle, as part of her latest tour. Last week, Roan announced an open call for local drag queens in the cities she's visiting, as she would like to include them in her performances, since much of her act is inspired by drag.  Tickets are currently only on sale for all three days and start at $235. Additional single-day tickets are not on sale yet but will be available closer to the event.
Seattle and The Pacific Northwest's LGBTQIA+ News & Entertainment Source Since 1974
Phone: 253-256-3151
Email: [email protected]