James Hetfield, left, and Kirk Hammett of Metallica perform during the Global Citizen Festival on Saturday, Sept. 24, 2022, at Central Park in New York.Evan Agostini/Invision/AP
Metallica is bringing their “M72 World Tour” to Foxborough’s iconic Gillette Stadium for two unforgettable nights on Friday, August 2 and Sunday, August 4. 
Both concerts start at 6:00 p.m. and promise two unique experiences, with each “No Repeat Weekend” featuring two completely different setlists and support lineups. 
One thing you can count on staying the same for both nights is a bold new in-the-round stage design that relocates the famed Metallica Snake Pit to center stage.
Metallica will be joined by special guests Pantera and Mammoth WVH for night one and Five Finger Death Punch and Ice Nine Kills for night two.
Ticketmaster has limited single-night tickets available, but fans can find greater availability and deals through secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, including sold-out two-night tickets.
Here’s a look at the best resale ticket prices available:
Two-night pass
Friday, August 2
Sunday, August 4
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
For a limited time, take $5 off your order of $300+ on SeatGeek with the code TAKE5.
A complete list of Metallica’s tour dates is available here.
Can’t get enough live music? Metallica aren’t the only touring artists. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Sabrina Carpenter, Childish Gambino, Taylor Swift, Chappell Roan and Imagine Dragons.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices