"Then everyone will get off my a--," the MTV VMAs' Best New Artist said in a new interview.
 Chappell Roan was the winner of the Best New Artist at last week's MTV VMAs, and there's already buzz about her winning a Grammy next year. But she's not too excited about it.

 "I'm kind of hoping I don't win," Roan told The Face, "because then everyone will get off my a--: ​'See guys, we did it and we didn't win, bye!' I won't have to do this again!"

Dana Jacobs/WireImage
 The "Good Luck, Babe!" singer-songwriter acknowledged, though, ​"My mom would love to go to the Grammys or the Brits."

 Roan's first studio album, September 2023'sThe Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, has been a smash hit. Featuring tracks such as "Hot to Go!" and "Red Wine Supernova," the queer pop icon has had sudden mainstream success, which she has noted comes with drawbacks, such as unwanted attention from fans.

 "I feel ambitious about making this sustainable," she told the mag. "That's my biggest goal right now. My brain is like, Quit right now, take next year off."

 In June, the artist stopped a concert in Raleigh, N.C., to voice that she was having a tough time.

 "I just feel a little off today because I think that my career is just kind of going really fast and it's really hard to keep up," Roan said. "I'm just being honest that I'm just having a hard time today. I'm not trying to give you a lesser show, it's just, there's a lot. Thank you for understanding. This is all I've ever wanted. It's just heavy sometimes."

 She told The Face, "This industry and artistry f---ing thrive on mental illness, burnout, overworking yourself, overextending yourself, not sleeping. You get bigger the more unhealthy you are. Isn't that so f---ed up?"

 Roan explained that it's something she continues to struggle with.

 "The ambition is: How do I not hate myself, my job, my life, and do this?" the singer said. "Because right now, it’s not working. I’m just scrambling to try to feel healthy."

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)