It has been declared as the highest-grossing rock tour ever
Coldplay have announced a North American leg to their ‘Music Of The Spheres’ tour, set to kick off in 2025. Find ticket details below.
Announced today (October 8), the chart-topping band have announced 10 new gigs for the US and Canada, all set to take place between May and July next year.
The dates come on the heels of an already-announced run of tour dates, which commence at the end of this month with 11 shows in Australia, before moving over to Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, Seoul and Mumbai at the beginning of the new year.
As for the new North America shows, the new dates will see Chris Martin and co. kick off with an opening night in Stanford, California on May 31, before continuing with stops in Las Vegas, Denver and El Paso the following month.
From there, two shows at the Rogers Stadium in Toronto are planned for July 7 and 8, before the band head back to the US for shows across Foxborough, Madison, Nashville and Florida through the remainder of the month.
The dates wrap up on July 26, and Coldplay head over to the UK for the next leg of the tour in August and September.
A post shared by Coldplay (@coldplay)
Tickets for all North American dates go on sale at 12pm local time on Friday (October 11). A limited number of Infinity Tickets – which gives the fans an opportunity to attend a Coldplay show for just $20 – will be available from 12pm local time on November 22.
Find a full list of new tour dates below and visit here for tickets.
MAY
31 – STANFORD California – Stadium 
JUNE
6 – LAS VEGAS Nevada – Allegiant Stadium 
10 – DENVER Colorado – Empower Field At Mile High
13 –  EL PASO Texas – Sun Bowl Stadium 
JULY
7 – TORONTO Ontario- Rogers Stadium 
8  TORONTO Ontario – Rogers Stadium 
15 – FOXBOROUGH Massachusetts – Gillette Stadium 
19 – MADISON Wisconsin – Camp Randall Stadium 
22 – NASHVILLE Tennessee – Nissan Stadium 
26 – MIAMI Florida – Hard Rock Stadium 
For Coldplay’s UK stadium leg, the band will be donating 10 per cent of proceeds to the Music Venue Trust, in a bid to help protect the UK’s live music sector and secure the future of grassroots venues.
“Coldplay are the perfect example of a UK band who came through the grassroots circuit on their way to worldwide stadium-filling success,” said MVT CEO Mark Davyd of the decision. “It’s fantastic to see them celebrating their own pathway to Wembley by giving back to the grassroots music venues that supported them and recognising the artists and promoters that  are struggling more than ever to build their own careers.”
Davyd added that the money will “go directly into work that ensures communities right across the country will continue to have access to great live music on their doorstep”.
The band also made headlines for their eco-conscious approach to live music, which has seen them produce 59 per cent less CO2 emissions than previous tours in 2016 and 2017.
To top it off, the ‘Music of the Spheres’ tour was recently declared to be the highest-grossing rock tour ever. According to Billboard Boxscore, the British band’s current tour has grossed $945.7 million and sold 8.8 million tickets since it began in March 2022, making it both the highest-earning and best-selling rock tour since Boxscore‘s records began 40 years ago.
As well as announcing new tour dates and doing their bit to protect both the UK live music sector and the environment, the band have also shared a new album titled ‘Moon Music’. Since its release on Friday (October 4), it has already become the fastest-selling album by a UK act in 2024 so far.
Coldplay perform in 2024. CREDIT: Roberto Panucci – Corbis/Corbis via Getty Images
In a four-star review, NME‘s Rhian Daly shared: “Resilience might not be the first word you think of when you think of global stadium-fillers, Glastonbury-history-makers Coldplay, but ‘Moon Music’ is an exercise in it nevertheless. The sequel to 2021’s ‘Music Of The Spheres’ – and one of the band’s final records – gently and subtly distils that spirit of weathering any storm, going on a journey from that bleak opening moment to a more accepting, happier ending.”
Ahead of the album’s release, Chris Martin spoke to NME exclusively in his only written interview for the album. During the wide-ranging conversation, the singer revealed the topics that had inspired the record and how the band is coming to the end of writing new material.
As for whether the group are still planning on ending their recorded catalogue after 12 albums, he told NME: “The 12 album thing is very real, and it’s a nice feeling. It doesn’t mean we won’t tour or finish some compilation things or outtakes or whatever. It just means that the main story is told. That’s just what feels really right. Just knowing that’s happening supercharges all the work we’re doing now.”
Check out NME’s exclusive interview with Martin in full here, where he also talked about the likes of Fontaines D.C., IDLES, Chappell Roan, Coldplay’s history-making set at Glastonbury 2024 and the band’s vow to help support grassroots venues across the UK.
You can also listen to Martin’s exclusive playlist to accompany his NME interview.
In other news, the band gave their tracks ‘Moon Music’ and ‘The Karate Kid’ their live debuts at an intimate New York gig last night.
Coldplay also recently released the deluxe edition of ‘Moon Music’, titled ‘Moon Music (Full Moon Edition)’ which features new collaborations with Jon Hopkins and The 1975‘s Matty Healy.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.