Charli xcx, Justice, Four Tet, Kaytranada and Disclosure are among the names in the running for dance awards
On Friday last week (November 8), the Recording Academy announced nominations for the 2025 GRAMMY awards.
With four dance categories up for grabs, French duo Justice received nominations for their song ‘Neverender’, selected for the Best Dance/Electronic Recording, and ‘Hyperdrama’ for Best Dance/Electronic Album. 
Four Tet (pictured) also was also selected for the same two awards, with his track ‘Loved’ and his album ‘Three’ gaining nominations. 
Read this next: Why do the Grammys get dance music so wrong? Mixmag investigates
Other names on the list for the Best Dance/Electronic Recording and Best Dance/Electronic Album awards include Charli xcx, Disclosure, Zedd, Kaytaynada and Fred again.. & Baby Keem.
Charli xcx also appeared in the Dance Pop category for her track ‘Von Dutch’. 
The Dance Pop category was added just last year, with Kylie Minogue becoming its first ever recipient. 
Read this next: Aphex Twin, Disclosure, James Blake and more receive GRAMMY nominations
In June, several tweaks were made to the 2025 GRAMMYs, including changing the new award’s name from Pop Dance to Dance Pop, in order to more accurately reflect the distinct subgenre. 
Other nominees for the recently inaugurated award include Madison Beer, Billie Eilish, and Ariana Grande.
The Recording Academy also officially moved the Best Remixed Recording from the production, engineering, composition and arrangement field into the pop and dance/electronic field, because most of the artist’s nominated for this award tend to be dance/electronic musicians.
Read this next: Flowdan makes history as the first UK MC to win a GRAMMY Award
In this category, Kaytranada received a nomination for his ‘Alter Ego’ remix, David Guetta for ‘A Bar Song (Tipsy) [Remix]’ and Mark Ronson for his remix of Sabrina Carpenter’s ‘Espresso’. 
The 67th edition of the awards is set to take place at a ceremony in Los Angeles on Sunday, February 2, 2025. 
Elsewhere in the 94 categories, André 3000, Beyoncé, Charli xcx and Chappell Roan were selected for Album Of The Year, while Kendrick Lamar and The Beatles were shortlisted for Record Of The Year. 
Last year, Fred again.. won both Best Dance/Electronic Album and Best Electronic/Dance Recording. His single ‘Rumble’, a collaboration with Flowdan and Skrillex made history as the first time a UK grime MC had won the prize. 
See the full set of 2025 nominations here.
Meena Sears is Mixmag's Digital Intern, follow her on Instagram

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
  

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.