Are Israel and Hezbollah headed for all-out war? Plus: Poland celebrates its ageing population
 Get the Guardian Weekly delivered to your home address
In the space of a few days, the focus of Israeli military operations appears to have shifted decisively from Gaza in the south to Lebanon in the north.
A dizzying escalation between Israel and Hezbollah began last week with exploding pagers and walkie-talkies and culminated in a ferocious Israeli bombardment of alleged Hezbollah military targets, killing hundreds of people.
With Iran’s support, the Lebanon-based Shia militia has conducted a background conflict with Israel since the 1980s. Is this the intensification that finally signals all-out war?
International security correspondent Jason Burke reflects on a crisis shaped by 40 years of shadow sparring, while defence and security editor Dan Sabbagh says it’s difficult to see who would emerge victorious from a ground war – but neither side appears willing to back down.
Get the Guardian Weekly delivered to your home address
1
Spotlight | The brutal truth behind Italy’s migrant reductionA Guardian investigation reveals EU money goes to forces involved in abuse, leaving people to die in the desert and colluding with smugglers
2
Technology | Why aren’t humanoids in our homes yet?The development of robots is dogged by technical and safety challenges. But the dream of a multipurpose domestic droid lives on, writes Victoria Turk
3
Feature | An Israeli and a Palestinian discuss 7 October, Gaza – and the futureCould Couples Therapy’s Orna Guralnik and former participant Christine try to understand one another without the conversation breaking down?
4
Opinion | Zelenskyy needs Biden to back his plan to win peaceIn besieged Kharkiv, Timothy Garton Ash saw how Ukraine is approaching a perilous moment. To turn the tide, it needs to decisively knock back Russia
5
Culture | Chappell Roan on sexuality, superstardom and the joy of dragShe’s gone from obscurity to the A-list, but not without struggle. Kate Solomon talks to the singer about teenage angst and her queer inspirations
In a fascinating feature for the Observer, Amelia Abraham looked at the rise of “divorce regret”. Almost half of marriages in the UK end in divorce, but between 10 and 15% of couples reconcile after they separate and about 6% of couples marry each other once again. Abraham spoke to couples who have reunited. As one interviewee told her, having remarried following a five-year break in his relationship: “After time apart, it felt as if we were marrying more as the people we actually are, rather than the people we thought we should be.”
Clare Horton, assistant editor
 Audio | Are the world’s oldest people really that old?
 Video | Pesto the 22.5kg penguin chick set to shed weight after going viral
 Gallery | Subversive travel snaps from pioneering photographer Luigi Ghirri
 Interactive | US presidential polls tracker: latest national averages
We’d love to hear your thoughts on the magazine: for submissions to our letters page, please email weekly.letters@theguardian.com. For anything else, it’s editorial.feedback@theguardian.com
 X
 Facebook
 Instagram
Get the Guardian Weekly magazine delivered to your home address