SPRINGFIELD, Mo. (KY3)—The Birthplace of Route 66 Festival will kick off in downtown Springfield on Thursday evening. 
The weekend will feature food, music, and, of course, classic cars. The event started as a small neighborhood celebration. Now in its 13th year, the festival has grown into a major downtown staple.
“The Birthplace of Route 66 Festival began as a relatively small festival with just a few dozen cars, and it was a neighborhood event, so the West Central neighborhood association created it, and then the city got involved,” said Cora Scott, festival organizer.
Of course, the classic cars are a popular attraction, but there’s even more to enjoy, especially the live music.
“Springfield has a rich musical history, and we have very famous people who’ve come out of Springfield, including most recently, Chappell Roan, who is a superstar. She started right here with a talent show in Springfield and has just done amazing things. So music is a big part of this festival,” said Scott.
Along with the classics, there are also fun events, from a vendor market to a cornhole tournament, a women’s show, and even a poker run.
New this year is the Chevrolet car show put on by Chevy Dealers of the Ozarks at the Springfield Expo Center.
Scott says this festival is rich in history and culture.
“The Route 66 culture is built around the great American Road, the open road, the freedom of that through expression. And so as the birthplace, we’re the place where it began. It was named here by a telegram back in 1926, we’re almost at 100 years. So it really is an expression of creative freedom, is how I would describe it,” said Scott.
Scott also says this is a great way to bring a community together.
“It’s important for people to come together as a community because so often we are pulling apart and being focused on being individuals rather than coming together. Time and time again, people from the Ozarks have shown that they like coming together for causes, for celebrations, and I think that that brings a healthiness to our community, to come together and and have a good time,” said Scott.
Scott and other organizers hope that, at the end of the day, people leave with a renewed love for Springfield and the community.
“I hope that people who come to the festival realize what an amazing city they live in. Springfield is rich in all kinds of the creative and culinary arts. Our downtown is thriving and growing,” said Scott. “So I’m hoping that people who visit learn how great we are and want to come back, and people who live here realize just exactly how good we have it.”
Of course, you’ll want to be mindful of road closures downtown this weekend. Parking and shuttles will be available in certain areas. For more on that, visit our traffic guide here.
The festival kicks off Thursday night with the Emerald City Band at 7 p.m. and runs through Saturday evening. The entire event is free to attend. For a full list of what’s happening, visit here.
To report a correction or typo, please email digitalnews@ky3.com. Please include the article info in the subject line of the email.
Copyright 2024 KY3. All rights reserved.