Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The "Good Luck, Babe!" singer even had an assistant dressed as a knight to roll out a personal carpet. 

	Chappell Roan channeled witch-supreme vibes when she arrived at the MTV Video Music Awards red carpet on Wednesday in New York City.

	The “Piny Pony Club” singer walked her own carpet, provided by an assistant dressed as a Medieval knight, in a floor-length, deep V-neckline dress. The sheer, layered garment featured maroon and ghost-gray vertical stripes over a neutral half-slip ending mid-thigh.

	Roan completed her gothic ensemble with a gold choker and a large cross necklace. Her fingerless fishnet gloves showcased long nails featuring a gold and silver chrome design. Created by manicurist Juan Alvear, her nails used Aprés Nail soft gel extensions with stacked square tips, adorned with gold chrome over extra-long tips and finished with silver chrome. Each nail was accented with a pearl at the base.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			'RuPaul's Drag Race': Michelle Visage and Carson Kressley Reflect on the Show's Fashion Evolution Ahead of 'All Stars' 10 Premiere	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			A Look Back at Anna Nicole Smith's Kentucky Derby Style That Lives On Through Her Daughter Dannielynn Birkhead	
			








	Once the singer was set on the carpet, her assistant handed her a sword to pose with.




			You May Also Like		






	Roan has openly discussed how drag queens significantly influence her fashion style. On “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon” on June 21, she noted, “My stylist Genesis Webb and I draw inspiration from drag, horror movies, burlesque, and theater.…I love looking pretty and scary.” During that appearance, she wore two bird-inspired outfits, one in black and the other in white. Throughout the summer, Roan hit the festival circuit, performing at Lollapalooza in August in a Lucha Libre-inspired ensemble, among other camp–inspired looks.

	Roan is up for Best New Artist, Best Trending Video for “Hot To Go,” MTV Push Performance of the Year for “Red Wine Supernova,” and Song of the Summer with “Good Luck, Babe!”

	The MTV VMAs recognize the year’s best music videos, artists and songs. Megan Thee Stallion makes her hosting debut during the 2024 ceremony, held at the UBS Stadium in Elmont, New York on Sept. 11. Katy Perry will receive the honorary Video Vanguard Award, while performers include Sabrina Carpenter, Lenny Kravitz, Eminem and Karol G.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.