A man's Spotify Wrapped has left members of the public in stitches after he claimed to have a rather unusual top five songs.
For those with subscriptions to the music streaming service, Spotify sends a compilation of your most-listened artists and songs towards the end of each year. Be it Blur or Beyoncé, the variety is what makes it such a talking point on social media, with many sharing their own summary to Twitter/X.
But not everyone is using the subscription service for listening to music or podcasts, and turns out you can even use it as a way of deterring unwanted pests. This left the public in stitches after a man shared their brothers' "top songs" of the year, which was certainly a bit unusual.
Where music lovers may have had anything from Pulp's all-time classic Common People to Chappell Roan's summer hit Hot To Go as their top song, @JustBoysLaughin claimed his brother had nothing but pest repellent sounds for his most-played tracks. A screenshot of the wrapped release had "Sounds to Repel Racoons" in the top spot, followed by "Scare Away Raccoons".
In third was "Repel Racoons," while fourth had "Get Rid of Raccoons". Rounding out the list of songs was not The Animals or The Monkees, but "Raccoon Repellent," with the top five all by the same artist, Repellent Frequencies.
For those wondering whether these songs are the latest undiscovered hits from an unconventional band, you're likely to be disappointed. These are literal frequency noises which are meant to deter pests from outdoor areas. The Repellent Frequencies EP is available on Spotify for those curious as to what it sounds like.
Members of the public were left bemused by the round-up, with one writing: "Repellent Frequencies is actually a sick band name." Another joked: "Oh you like Repellent Frequencies? Name 5 songs." A third wrote: "I looked this up and honestly it’s some really f**king good ambient lmao."
Others agreed "Repellent Frequencies" was a very cool band name, with one user saying it "goes hard". Another has suggested nobody else needed to reveal their top artists or songs as this list was better than all others. They wrote: "This is the best one. No point in posting them anymore lads."
Some Twitter/X users revealed their family members had similar-looking wrapped round-ups, with one writing: "This is my father's Spotify wrapped (he won't stop blasting rat repellent frequencies on the cassette in my grandma's kitchen)."
One user was left a little confused as to what "sounds to repel raccoons" could mean, writing: "Is it just me or did you also think it's a guy on a mic saying mean things about racoons."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.