The Daily Yonder

					Rural News and Information				
Editor’s Note: A version of this story first appeared in The Good, the Bad, and the Elegy, a newsletter from the Daily Yonder focused on the best, and worst, in rural media, entertainment, and culture. Every other Thursday, it features reviews, retrospectives, recommendations, and more. You can join the mailing list at the bottom of this article to receive future editions in your inbox.
I recently had the distinct honor of spending the sweatiest weekend of my life in Saint Charles, Iowa. For three glorious and exhausting days, I attended the Hinterland Music Festival. 
This was the festival’s ninth year, and its incredible lineup included some of music’s current biggest names. Thousands of people endured the heat, crowds, and overpriced food to sing and dance along to their favorite artists. 
Not only was Hinterland based in Saint Charles — a town located about 30 minutes south of Des Moines with a population of around 650 people — it also featured numerous rural artists. 
Before we dive into the list of top musicians with rural backgrounds who performed at the festival, here are a few honorable mentions. Jeremie Albino performed at a smaller stage located in the campgrounds after hours of the official festival. Albino moved away from Toronto to rural Prince Edward County to spend time working on farms and in farmers markets. There was also Josiah and the Bonnevilles, from Morristown, Tennessee, who persevered through many technical difficulties at the festival with charm and positivity. As Josiah explains on stage and in his artist bio, he is Josiah and we (the fans) are the Bonnevilles. Josiah returned to the stage later in the day to sing with Sam Barber, from Frohna, Missouri. The 21-year-old’s hit song “Straight and Narrow” launched him into fame. He has since opened for Bruce Springsteen and Ed Sheeran and has a song on the soundtrack for the summer blockbuster “Twisters.”
My takeaway from the festival — besides handheld portable misting fans being an essential purchase — is that rural artists really ran the show at Hinterland. 
Kicking off the second day of the festival was Hans Williams from Norwich, Vermont. Williams performed in overalls and a purple t-shirt from Dan and Whits, the general store in his hometown. Williams described the old shirt as having “built-in vents” when he showed off his exposed armpits to the crowd. 
His indie folk tunes had the audience swaying along to powerful lyrics and strong vocals. In a short 30-minute set, Williams certainly won over many new fans as he shouted out his guitar purchased on Facebook Marketplace and sang about love and loss.
I got a chance to chat with Williams after his set and he spoke about how growing up in a rural area influenced his musical career. 
“It’s just an isolating factor to being there, almost in a good way though. I think I had a lot of reflective moments. I was really lucky to grow up in a place where I felt comfortable and I felt like I belonged.”
Williams now lives in New Orleans but is sure to include bits of Norwich wherever he can. The Norwich weather report has a permanent spot on his website and the cover of his EP, “More Than One Way Home,” features the barn at his family’s house and his dad’s tattered overalls. 
My favorite song: No Wonder
“I’m from up there! No, I’m not an alien…I’m from Minnesota!” 
These words came from “America’s Got Talent” alum Debbii Dawson during her Hinterland set. Dawson was the second act of the Friday lineup and was brought up on stage by Orville Peck later in the day to sing a duet from Peck’s new album.
Debbii is a first-generation American born and raised in Hutchinson, Minnesota. Her speaking voice is soft, but her delicate vocals float wonderfully alongside songs that blend folk, country, and pop influences. Even though it was only Debbii and her guitar on stage, she kept the crowd entertained with dad jokes and beautiful melodies.
My favorite song: Eulogy for Nobody
Katy Kirby simply radiates cool. This was much needed in the midday heat during her set on Sunday. She performed a variety of indie rock songs from her new album “Blue Raspberry” along with some of her older hits like the song “Juniper.” I love the vulnerability of her lyrics and her crisp vocals that scratch a certain part of my brain. 
I was also lucky enough to talk with Katy after her set. She spoke about her rural hometown of Spicewood, Texas and how growing up as an evangelical Christian provided her with early access to music. Before she performed “Table,” a song filled with religious references, Kirby dedicated the performance to anyone who had cried at a Hillsong service before.
“Music is pretty widely acknowledged to have something spiritual about it, and I think I feel kind of lucky to have always known that about music, that it’s a thing that people do together”
Kirby also spoke about the unique experience of being queer in rural spaces.
“It’s maybe a little less easy to dress exactly how you want or go to events where people like you are there. And it’s a little bit tougher in these specific ways. But I think that for all its faults, maybe sometimes that’s lovely in so far as feeling a connection to queerness that isn’t cultural at all and is pretty distilled down into who you love.”
My favorite song: Peppermint
It was evident from a sea of pink cowboy hats that the artist attendees were likely most excited for was our new Midwest Princess, Chappell Roan. Fresh off of what is being called the biggest set ever at Lollapalooza, the energy surrounding her performance was unlike anything I’ve ever seen (maybe even topping Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour). I captured the mad dash that ensued to get a good spot to see her perform. Chappell was the artist everyone was talking about as the unofficial headliner. 
She really is “your favorite artist’s favorite artist,” [quick content warning on that link – there’s profanity at the end!] proven by Noah Kahan sneaking through the crowd to watch her performance. He posted that even though he was the day’s headliner, he was really there for Chappell Roan.
Roan is from Willard, Missouri and in her song “California” declares, “I miss the seasons in Missouri. My dying town.” Roan has been outspoken about not viewing rural America as a monolith. She is committed to performing all across America to create safe, queer, joyful spaces where people can have fun and be themselves. 
Roan performed her electrifying, campy set dressed as a nun with a twist–a nod to the San Francisco-based charity Sisters of Perpetual Indulgence. It is hard to truly capture how magnetic a performer she is. Her catchy pop tunes and generation-defining stage presence are out of this world. I got emotional hearing the crowd sing their hearts out to “Pink Pony Club” and watching thousands of people performing the “Hot To Go!” dance like second nature. Chappell Roan is certainly on the path to pop-star-world-domination. 
My favorite song: Guilty Pleasure
The transition from Chappell Roan to Ethel Cain was drastic. From bubbly pop to dark gothic Americana, the audience was on a rollercoaster but happy to enjoy the ride. Cain wasn’t singing about a “Femininomenon” but instead touching on religious trauma, abuse, and the falsities of the American dream.
Cain’s performance was eerie, beautiful, and powerful. Her storytelling is captivating and her delivery is haunting, sending chills down the spine. The performance of the epic, almost eight-minute-long, “A House in Nebraska” clearly moved many of the thousands in attendance. Cain showed real range throughout her set, bringing out a harmonica for “Thoroughfare” and cracking a big smile after many sorrowful songs to announce that this was a hometown show for bassist Kaylee Stenberg. 
Cain grew up in Perry, Florida and now spends her time living in different rural places across the country. I highly recommend this New York Times article in which she discusses how she will never live in a big city but instead bring the industry to her. 
My favorite song: American Teenager
There is perhaps no current artist who is more obsessed with singing about his hometown than Noah Kahan. Watching Kahan perform is an absolute joy. He is hilariously awkward and incredibly earnest. The crowd loves him and screams back every lyric with gusto. 
Made famous through the Vermonter’s anthem, “Stick Season,” Noah hasn’t stopped singing about his rural roots. He is from Strafford, Vermont and doesn’t let you forget it. The singer mentions his New England upbringing throughout many songs including, “Northern Attitude,” “The View Between Villages,” “Homesick,” and more.
Kahan’s Hinterland set was a memorable way to end the weekend. While he kept repeating that he was sure his songs were too depressing to be headliner material, I beg to differ. While relatively new to the spotlight, Kahan absolutely knows how to put on a show. He ran into the crowd, jumped off the drummer’s platform, and sang with infectious passion. He read out signs from the audience, signed someone’s Zoloft prescription, and even sang a request for a fan’s birthday. 
His performance had me laughing, crying, singing, dancing, and very grateful for a weekend well spent in Saint Charles, Iowa. 
My favorite song: Dial Drunk
This article first appeared in The Good, the Bad, and the Elegy, an email newsletter from the Daily Yonder focused on the best, and worst, in rural media, entertainment, and culture. Every other Thursday, it features reviews, recommendations, retrospectives, and more. Join the mailing list today to have future editions delivered straight to your inbox.
Republish This Story
Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under a Creative Commons license.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License.
by Susannah Broun and Anya Petrone Slepyan, The Daily Yonder August 22, 2024
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Republish This Story

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

Privacy Policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.						

						Get the best of The Daily Yonder directly in your email inbox.					

						Sending to: