What makes camp work? I’ve been pondering this question since 5ever but especially this month. Halloween brings these discussions to the forefront as most scary media plays in camp’s backyard whether it wants to or not. Though I do not partake of the funny man’s fruit, I couldn’t avoid hearing discourse over notorious sequel Joker: Folie a Deux. Most reviews were unflattering and unimpressed, but I got stuck on a line in friend of the column and movie programmer Morgan Hyde’s Letterboxd review:
“[A] cautionary tale about aiming for camp while remaining terrified of even remotely queer interpretations.”
She’s right! And also hits at what separates the good camp from the middling. To truly engage in “something so outrageously artificial, affected, inappropriate, or out-of-date as to be considered amusing” or “a style or mode of personal or creative expression that is absurdly exaggerated and often fuses elements of high and popular culture,” or even “exaggerated effeminate mannerisms (as of speech or gesture)” as Webster’s handily defines the concept, there can be no hesitations. Fear of the queer is all limits, all rules and social cues, which require tossing away for any real camp genius. Either you ARE a sweet transvestite from transexual Translyvania, or you’re the Johanne album.
While I’m not surprised that a massively overpriced and IP-drunk blockbuster couldn’t manage the incredible camp of masterpieces like earlier superhero screener Madame Web, the Joker’s latest outing does challenge one to come up with camp counter-programming. Lack of queerness afflicts many recent releases, but this being Halloween month, there’s tons of older options to watch. Why not eschew the box office for a bit and dig around your local video rental shop? I’m personally a fixture at the queer directors’ shelf in We Luv Video, bulking up my back catalog with John Waters watches. Just caught Polyester this weekend, and guess what: It stinks (complimentary)! But non-rental-store-goers can also flip through their local library’s DVD and Blu-ray offerings, which have way more gems than you can imagine.
As our overlords at corporate retreats and liquid lunches try to narrow culture into a funnel for milquetoast slurry, I encourage everyone – queer or whatever else people are – to push back. Camp especially thrives on myriad influences, something you only get by mainlining art in all its many forms. Movies are just an easy sell, at least to me. In the movies, there’s sexy lady Gremlins. Say, how about we bring her in for Joker 3? Let me get Todd on the phone...
Thursday 10, Austin Creative Reuse
Local Queer ATX invites all y’all crafty queers to decorate little wooden buildings in the spirit of the season. Bring snacks, drinks, and friends, as this’ll also be a watch party for classic DCOM Halloweentown. Maybe you can get a few design ideas from the titular town...
Friday 11, Cheer Up Charlies
Did you know that Troye Sivan is a top? The truth is out there, as is this drag party celebrating the biggest girl and gay pairing of our lifetime: Charli & Troye. Iggy Bank hosts, with drag, a tag-team costume contest, Brat remix listening party, and music by Ruby Knight to look forward to.
Friday 11, the Iron Bear
Grrrrreat news for enjoyers of the big and the beautiful: Package Austin pairs with host Chique-Fil-Atio to show off Austin’s best amateur bears bearing it all. Winner gets a $200 gift card prize package.
Friday 11, Drinks Backyard
Maxine LaQueene hosts an all-trans drag lineup to celebrate this spooky season. Mature audiences only (aka 21+) and keep a fiver in your pocket for the door charge.
Friday 11, the Iron Bear
Both the final fundraiser for ATX Pet Weekend and next year’s Iron Pup as well as a Halloween hullabaloo featuring a silent auction, mosh, and excuse to do Jell-O shots: This party’s about to get wild.
Saturday 12, Coldtowne Theater
Funny folks feature heavily in this lineup, where a diverse selection of local comics step on stage and deliver hilarious material – none of which is about their pronouns being kiss/my/ass. No room for hack shit here, baby.
Saturday 12, Cheer Up Charlies
Are you, like, surprised that there’s a drag pre-party for Chappell Roan’s second-weekend ACL performance? Brigitte Bandit and Moxie host, with tons of great local drag artists bringing their Midwest Princess best to tunes spun by DJs Ruby Knight and Orya. Plus: a costume contest with three chances to win.
Saturday 12, Fallout Theater
Described by host Greg Phelps in an email to me as “[great] for the gays and theys who are not going to ACL,” this standup show features local queer comics giving you laughs all the way to the Iron Bear afterparty.
Sunday 13, Cheer Up Charlies
BabiBoi and Gothess Jasmine scare the hoes at this month’s edition of their “soft, sensual night of R&B slow jams for real lovers and yearners.”
Sunday 13, the Brewtorium
Get yourself to North Austin for brunch and a show - and a little shopping. Frida Friday provides their signature vendor market while the legendary Kelly Kline hosts a drag show that’ll leave your hunger for fun satisfied.
Tuesdays and Wednesdays, Rain on 4th
Weird City Sisters ATX and Rain show director Basura combine forces for this monthlong donation drive. Bring your new or gently used + washed socks n’ blankets to Fourth, as WCS is trying to collect cozy items for our houseless neighbors. No socks or blankies? Drop the Sisters a digital donation via QR codes set up at Rain.
Thursday 17, First Light Books
Delayed but not forgotten, this live recording features hyperlocal pod Queertowne’s hosts chatting with local trans authors KB Brookins and SG Huerta. It’ll be an outdoor show, but now that the weather’s a little nicer, you’ve got no excuses to skip.
Thursday 17, Oilcan’s
Get warped by this timeless story of golden hunks, audience participation, and sweeeeeet little transvestites as performed by local queer drag talent. Cupcake directs, and Riotgirl provides choreo. Check next week’s column for more.
A note to readers: Bold and uncensored, The Austin Chronicle has been Austin’s independent news source for over 40 years, expressing the community’s political and environmental concerns and supporting its active cultural scene. Now more than ever, we need your support to continue supplying Austin with independent, free press. If real news is important to you, please consider making a donation of $5, $10 or whatever you can afford, to help keep our journalism on stands.
Support the Chronicle   
LGBTQ
Information is power. Support the free press, so we can support Austin.   Support the Chronicle   
Information is power. Support the free press, so we can support Austin.   Support the Chronicle