It was a close race for number-one on the Billboard 200 albums chart for the tracking week that ended August 29, and it came down to the slimmest of margins. Sabrina Carpenter won out, though, debuting on top and achieving her best week ever with 362,000 equivalent album units based on her combined album sales, individual track sales and online streams. Read all about this week's top charting albums here at Billboard.com.
This is Carpenter's sixth studio album, but none of her previous efforts came anywhere near this level of success. Her previous personal best was her last album, 2022's "Emails I Can't Send," which launched and peaked at number-23 with just 18,000 units, though that collection was eventually certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). But this career breakthrough was to be expected after she ruled the Hot 100 singles chart with her breakout hits "Espresso" and "Please Please Please."
Travis Scott was a close second with the first official commercial release of his 2014 mixtape "Days Before Rodeo." A very close second. "Rodeo" achieved 361,000 units, falling just about 1,000 shy of Carpenter's total. Those two monster debuts knocked Post Malone's "F-1 Trillion" down two spots to number-three with 111,000 units. Next was Chappell Roan's "The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess" with 72,000 units. And rounding out the top five was Morgan Wallen's "One Thing at a Time" with 58,000 units.
In our weekly Billboard 200 predictions contest, most of our game players were right that "Short n' Sweet" would take the number-one spot, though we underestimated how well it would do. The consensus was that it would achieve between 150,000 and 199,999 units; only one person correctly bet that she would rack up 300,000 or more. "Days Before Rodeo" wasn't in our predictions center this week -- its release wasn't announced until August 18 -- but three savvy players correctly predicted "None of These" for the number-two spot.
Only eight anticipated "F-1 Trillion" at number-three. But most of us got "Midwest Princess" right at number-four, and the lion's share of players picked "One Thing at a Time" at number-five. Ultimately, four players got four out of six prediction questions correct. How did you do? Find out here.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media