The special was filmed at the final shows of the world tour in Los Angeles
The concert film of Olivia Rodrigo‘s ‘GUTS World Tour’ has arrived on Netflix today (October 29) – here’s what songs she’s playing in the movie.
Directed by James Merryman, the concert special was filmed at the Intuit Dome in Los Angeles on August 20 and 21 and is set to pull back the curtain on the star’s huge world tour in support of her second album, giving fans who didn’t get a chance to be there in person a taste of the show.
The 24-song setlist includes a guest appearance from Chappell Roan, who joined Rodrigo at the show in August to perform a duet of her hit ‘Hot to Go!’ Roan had previously opened the San Francisco date of the ‘Sour’ tour, and opened the first 24 ‘Guts’ world tour shows earlier this year before her fame rapidly rose.
The setlist for the show consists of 24 songs, comprising almost the entirety of Rodrigo’s debut album ‘Sour’ and the majority of ‘GUTS’.
In a four-star review of her live show at London’s O2 arena, NME shared: “It’s the songs that pick at the deepest wounds that resonate with tonight’s crowd. ‘Vampire’’s stunning build from a piano ballad to jaunty clap-back to the people who should know better is one of many howl-along moments. The raw regret of ‘Drivers Licence’ brought her to this venue a few years ago, but now, it’s sung with both the lived experience and confidence that comes only from someone who’s moved on to even bigger and better things; there’s no denying that Rodrigo has certainly done that and will continue to do so.”
In other news, Rodrigo named the concert film that is her favourite and which she says she will “never forget”.
Rodrigo told Entertainment Weekly: “I didn’t even see it in the theatre, I saw it recently, but the Katy Perry: Part Of Me documentary is so good! Yeah, I’ll never forget some of the scenes from that one.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.