Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
This special celebration, set for December 21st, is coming to town fresh off of sold-out runs in New York City and Boston.
POPULAR
The Pink Pony Club: A Celebration of Chappell Roan comes to life at The Market Theatre in Anderson, South Carolina. This exclusive one-night-only event will feature a dazzling live performance by local Upstate performers. This special celebration, set for December 21st, is coming to town fresh off of sold-out runs in New York City and Boston.
Event Highlights:
Exclusive One-Night-Only Experience: This is a rare opportunity to witness "The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess" like you've never seen or heard before. The night will feature a live band with local vocalists, Drag Queens, dancers, and more.
Celebrating Music, Queerness, and Identity: The Pink Pony Club event is more than a concert; it's a celebration of self-expression, empowerment, and the artistic journey that has made Chappell Roan a rising force in the music industry.
Dressing to Express Yourself is Highly Required: Just as Chappell has a theme for each stop on her tour, we welcome people to dress in their most fabulous garb. This show's theme is "A Knight to Remember" in which we encourage Medieval-inspired frock of all kinds.
Kevin Cronin, formerly of REO Speedwagon, will be appearing with The Kevin Cronin Band at the North Charleston Performing Arts Center on Friday, September 12.
Peace Center has revealed a 10-show lineup for the 2025-2026 Peace Broadway Season, featuring The Outsiders and more! See the full lineup and learn how to purchase tickets.
North Charleston Performing Arts Center's Best of Broadway series will welcome back by popular demand DISNEY’S BEAUTY AND THE BEAST and more for its 2025-26 season. See the full lineup here!
Trustus Theatre, the home for relevant, innovative, and inclusive theatrical works in Columbia, South Carolina, will present Clyde’s by Lynn Nottage, opening on April 18 on the Thigpen Mainstage.
Videos
South Carolina SHOWS
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy