STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. — “Saturday Night Live” is gearing up for a new episode.
Actor-comedian Chris Rock will return for his fourth time as host, with first-time musical guest Gracie Abrams.
Rock is known for his sharp observational comedy and his roles in stand-up, television and films like “Everybody Hates Chris” and “Grown Ups.” He was also a member of the “SNL” cast from 1990 to 1993.
Singer-songwriter Gracie Abrams is set to make her first “SNL” appearance. Abrams first grew to prominence through her EPs “Minor” and “This Is What It Feels Like.” She is currently on tour for her album, “The Secret of Us,” and opened for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour during its second North American leg.
A post shared by Chris Rock (@chrisrock)
The show kicked off its 50th season on Sept. 28 with actress Jean Smart and musical guest Jelly Roll. On Oct. 5, stand-up comedian Nate Bargatze hosted with musical guest Coldplay. It was Bargatze’s second time hosting.
On Oct. 12, singer-songwriter and actress Ariana Grande hosted for the second time with musical guest Stevie Nicks. Award-winning actor Michael Keaton hosted on Oct. 19, while Grammy-winning artist Billie Eilish took the stage as a musical guest. It was both Keaton and Eilish’s fourth time on “SNL.”
On Nov. 2, stand-up comedian and actor John Mulaney hosted for the sixth time with pop singer Chappell Roan as a musical guest for the first time. Comedian and actor Bill Burr made his second appearance as host on Nov. 9, with musical guest Mk.gee.
On Nov. 16, singer-songwriter Charli XCX worked overtime as both host and musical guest. It was her first time hosting. The Dec. 7 episode featured Irish actor Paul Mescal and artist Shaboozey. It was both Mescal and Shaboozey’s first time on the show.
“SNL” fans will be excited to know that former Staten Islander Colin Jost, the longest-serving “Weekend Update” anchor in the show’s history, is still at the desk.
Joining Jost for Season 50 is his longtime “Weekend Update” co-anchor, Michael Che, along with Mikey Day, Andrew Dismukes, Chloe Fineman, Heidi Gardner, Ego Nwodim, Kenan Thompson and Bowen Yang.
Featured players Marcello Hernández, James Austin Johnson, Michael Longfellow, Sarah Sherman and Devon Walker have also returned. “SNL” also welcomed three new cast members for Season 50: Ashley Padilla, Emil Wakim and Jane Wickline.
In late summer, Punkie Johnson, Molly Kearney and Chloe Troast announced on social media that they were not asked back. Johnson had been a cast member for four seasons, Kearney had been a featured player for two years, and Troast had just wrapped up her first year.
“Saturday Night Live” airs Saturdays at 11:30 p.m. on NBC.
You can find which channel NBC is on by using the channel finders here: Verizon Fios, AT&T U-verse, Comcast Xfinity, Spectrum/Charter, Optimum/Altice, DIRECTV and Dish.
“Saturday Night Live” can be streamed on the following platforms:
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices