By 

	Jem Aswad

Executive Editor, Music

	Sabrina Carpenter performed her two songs of the summer candidates, “Espresso” and “Please Please Please” along with a cover of fast-rising labelmate Chappell Roan’s latest single “Good Luck, Babe!” for BBC Radio One’s Live Lounge on Tuesday.

	Carpenter’s version of the song, which starts at around the 20-minute mark below, starts off low-key and near-acoustic, but gathers steam on the second verse as the band and backing singers join in. Carpenter stays in a lower register on the first chorus but impressively matches Roan’s sky-scraping soprano on the second one, and the band even slows the tempo to a halt at the conclusion, like the original.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					Vuelta's Playtime to Merge Film Constellation and Global Screen to Form Global Constellation		
			








	Asked before the performance why she chose to cover the song, Carpenter replies, “I just haven’t stopped listening to this song since it came out. I’m a huge fan of Chappell’s and we wanted to put our own little twist on it.”




			Popular on Variety		






	The two delivered the most talked-about sets at New York’s Governors Ball festival earlier this month, with the buzz around Roan’s set — which saw her taking the stage dressed as the Statue of Liberty and revealing that she turned down an offer from the White House to appear at its Pride event — helping to drive her album into the Top 10 on the Billboard 200, an unusual feat for a new release that’s more than six months old.

	Equally remarkably, Carpenter has two of the top candidates for song of the summer with the fizzy “Espresso” — which Variety recently described as a “genetically engineered song of the summer” — and the very different “Please Please Please,” which was produced by Taylor Swift/ Lana Del Rey/ Lorde/ 1975 colaborator Jack Antonoff.  

	The pair were also written about together in a New York Times feature last month that says they “saw a gap in pop, and filled it” with hits like “Espresso” and “Good Luck, Babe!” 

Listen to Carpenter’s take on “Good Luck, Babe!” here. 
The Business of Entertainment