Sponsored By
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
DULUTH — As the Foo Foo Choo Choo chugged west on its return trip through the residential Lakeside neighborhood Sunday evening, Pride anthems blasting from the train cars' open windows, Josh Miller took the microphone to address the happy passengers.
"It sort of feels like we're the big gay ice cream truck," said the North Shore Scenic Railroad station manager.
ADVERTISEMENT
Miller served as communications coordinator for this year's Duluth Superior Pride, which has counted the Foo Foo Choo Choo among its most cherished events since 2010. This year's train was sold out as usual, said Miller, with 200 passengers on board.
"I can walk through this train and tell you that more than half the people on board aren't from here," Miller told the News Tribune. "They are travelers, tourists, who are staying in hotels, eating at restaurants, and they are here specifically for the Pride fest."
News Tribune interviews with a selection of passengers on the train, which traveled to the unincorporated community of Palmers and back on a 2.5-hour round trip, confirmed Miller's observation.
"My wife and I came up to Duluth to visit a friend," said Abi Gruver, of Savannah, Georgia. 
Gruver found Duluth "a lot friendlier than I was led to believe, as a Southerner." After attending multiple Duluth Superior Pride events, she concluded "it's a lot more open up here than it is in Georgia."
"It's so hot in Savannah this time of year," said Abi's wife, Morgan Gruver, as the couple waited to board the train. "It has been great. We feel like we're actually getting to experience fall."
On the train, Brent Kumor, of Omaha, was relaxing in a seat across the aisle from Clinton Dietrich, of Minneapolis. The two are part of a friend group that often convenes in Duluth to celebrate Pride.
ADVERTISEMENT
"We always like to say that Duluth punches above its weight for Pride," said Kumor. "With big-city Prides, it can feel a little bit like the popular kids' table in the school lunchroom, but Duluth is full of really sincere, community-minded, friendly people."
The weather is a draw for Kumor as well. "Omaha is really hot and miserable in August," he said. "It's really nice to come up here ... it's fresh and you're on the lake. It's all the benefits of going to a coastal city without having to drive to a coastal city."
"The train is the highlight of the season for me," said Dietrich. "It's just really cool, fun vibes."
Nicole Hayes was up from St. Cloud, at the recommendation of friends there who have been "raving about" Duluth's Pride train. She was glad she believed the hype. "It's great," she said. "I love it."
Hayes was sitting with Ashley Patterson, of Duluth, one of the riders who hadn't thought to try the scenic railroad until hopping the Foo Foo Choo Choo. 
"Oh, this is what you see on the train!" Patterson said she was realizing. She described the ride as "a neat experience and a really super fun atmosphere."
The experience began with a pre-party at the train station, where eager ticket holders entered through a rainbow arch and queued up at an outdoor bar to a soundtrack of Pride anthems like the Weather Girls' "It's Raining Men" and the Village People's "Go West."
ADVERTISEMENT
Once on the train, DJ Drew Autio held down from a table in the bar car. While the atmosphere in the seating cars ranged from quiet to chatty to, in the 
    
      Silver Club Dome Car,
    
       luxurious, the bar car served as both dance floor and buffet zone. Rainbow-clad riders balancing plates of pizza slid past thirsty patrons claiming cocktails, while others got down to bops by Chappell Roan and the Jets.
Among the riders opting for a quieter atmosphere in one of the seating cars were Luca Moser and Nona Moore, both visiting from central Minnesota. "We actually came up to Duluth to go to the aquarium," said Moore.
Moser said the harborside attraction had exceeded their expectations. "We only wanted to see a sturgeon, and we actually got to pet it, so that was cool."
On the Pride train, Moser described the atmosphere as "pretty chill, pretty chill."
"I definitely was expecting it to be more like a club type of deal," said Moore, who acknowledged the bar car was "more like that."
Jill Karl, a North Shore Scenic Railroad employee of a decade's standing, was tending a second bar in a cafe car. "It's a quieter vibe this year ... normally it's wild," said Karl. In the relative calm, she was enjoying meeting the passengers from far and wide. "There's a couple (visiting) from California, just for this train ride today."
"Perhaps by design," said Miller, "38 years ago they decided to have the Pride festival on Labor Day weekend. It doesn't compete with Twin Cities Pride or anything else. What a great, great weekend to get away and come up to Duluth."
ADVERTISEMENT
This story was updated at 5:10 p.m. Sept. 2 to correct a mis-transcribed comment by Abi Gruver. It was originally posted at 4:50 p.m. Sept. 2. The News Tribune regrets the error.
ADVERTISEMENT