The star is currently in the middle of shooting the second season of 'Wednesday'
A video of Jenna Ortega reading a bedtime story as Wednesday Addams to celebrate “the night before Halloween” has been shared.
Ortega is currently in the middle of shooting the second season of the hit Netflix series, with production of the show having relocated from Romania, where the first season was shot. Season two has an expected release date of 2025.
Now a new clip of her in character, which you can view below, has been posted by Netflix with the caption: “Twas the night before Halloween and all through the land not a monster was stirring. Not even a hand”
In the short video, she reads: “The body is that of a 35-year-old male. Rigor mortis is fully fixed and postmortem lividity is presented on the posterior side, indicating the body has been lying in supine position.
“There are three stab wounds located on the anterior chest through the midline and four inches below the clavicile. The wound is one inch in length and penetrates the chest cavity. Sweet nightmares, thing.”
It is unclear at this stage if the clip is a possible clue to the second season of Wednesday.
'Twas the night before Halloween and all through the land not a monster was stirring. Not even a hand. pic.twitter.com/BIJzK0Wjhk
— Netflix (@netflix) October 30, 2024
The teaser trailer for the second season of Wednesday was released last month, including exclusive behind-the-scenes shots of the cast and director Tim Burton, as well as Catherine Zeta-Jones’ voiceover saying: “This season is going to be bigger and more twisted than you can ever imagine.”
Wednesday has become a huge success for Netflix, being streamed for a total of 341.2million hours and beating the record previously held by Stranger Things.
Elsewhere, Ortega was recently spotted at an Irish sheepdogs farm during a break from filming the new season in Dublin.
Other stars from the show including Steve Buscemi was also seen eating at Bubba’s Fish Market in the south Dublin town of Dalkey in August. Buscemi is joining the cast of Wednesday as Barry Dort, the new principal of Nevermore Academy.
Ortega herself was also spotted at Chappell Roan’s gig in Dublin last month, alongside co-star Emma Myers. The pair were sitting in one of the balconies at the 3Olympia Theatre on Dame Street in the city while fans excitedly took pictures and videos of them.
She also recently urged fans to stop mistreating plush Wednesday dolls, after people had filmed themselves messing up the dolls’ hair in shops.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.