It’s a good time to have ears because there’s a lot of amazing music coming out all the time. Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter are churning out catchy earworms left and right. Old favorites like Linkin Park and Breaking Benjamin are making comebacks. If you’ve already had to choose between concerts this year, it was probably a tough choice — but Apple Music is introducing a new feature that might help you make your decision.
Apple Music will soon have a tool that musicians can use to create specific playlists based on the setlists of their current shows. If several concerts are happening at the same time, you’ll be able to look at the setlist and see what songs are being performed. If one artist is playing your favorite album and the other isn’t, well, it’s an easy choice.
And the even cooler part? If you link your account with Bandsintown, it will automatically sync upcoming show dates in your area. You’ll be able to see almost all of the concerts at a glance for the bands that opt-in.
The setlist feature follows updates from earlier in the year, like the Apple Music Replay feature and new cover art templates, and even implements crossfade between songs. The music streaming service gets better with every update, and it’s even convinced a few diehard Spotify users to give it a shot.
The setlist feature is a great value proposition if you’re working with a limited budget, but it can also act as something of a spoiler. After all, if you know every song Fall Out Boy is going to play, you won’t be as surprised and happy to hear some old throwbacks.

Please enable Javascript to view this content

There are countless heartwarming stories about different ways the Apple Watch has helped saved people's lives. In addition to the emergency SOS and fall detection features, the Watch offers a suite of insights which can help identify precursors to life-threatening diseases. Recently, a similar story made news when a woman's cancer was caught, thanks to active alerts from an Apple Watch 10. 
Amanda Faulkner, a consulting psychiatrist from New Zealand, recently narrated her story where her Apple Watch 10 helped diagnose a rare form of blood cancer, which, if left undiagnosed, would have left her dead in a matter of few days. Faulkner told the New Zealand Herald that her Apple Watch notified her of her unusually high resting heart rate of around 90 beats per minute -- which would typically be around 55 for her. 
The already-extraordinary Apple Arcade is about to get even better with the addition of five new games, including a platform exclusive from the team behind the acclaimed What the Golf? and What the Car? games.
What the Clash? is a fast-paced multiplayer title that's part table tennis, part archery, and part tag. It will be available on May 1, 2025, and it's an ideal game for when you want to blow off steam in truly ridiculous 1v1 games. You play as The Hand (a Stretch Armstrong-like figure that's a hand with legs, and yes, it's as unsettling as it sounds) and take on opponents in a series of wacky minigames.
Vivo has just announced the upcoming launch of its new flagship, the Vivo X200 Ultra. By the sound of it so far, it could end up rivaling some of the best smartphones. We now have an official release date for the device, but there's one problem: Getting one in the U.S. could be tricky.
The news comes directly from Vivo's product manager Han Bo Xiao, and it was later shared by Notebookcheck. There's been a flurry of leaks surrounding the upcoming Vivo X200 Ultra, but now, the device has an official release date. It's coming to the Chinese market on April 21, and it'll be joined by several other new releases, including the Vivo X200s, the Vivo Pad 5 Pro, the Vivo Pad SE, and the Vivo Watch 5.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.