There’s something special about summer hits, isn’t there? Marketing your song in the summer oftentimes means it will be more memorable to Grammy voters than the slew of songs that get swallowed up at Christmastime on the charts or the early birds that, by December, are kind of erased from our collective memory. A lot of the most nominated artists each year are, perhaps not coincidentally, some of the biggest names that peaked during the warmer months. This summer has given us a few smash hits that you should probably keep in mind for Grammy nominations.
Shaboozey, “A Bar Song (Tipsy)”
One of the biggest hits of the year, especially in country music, has been Shaboozey’s playful “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” which interpolates the classic J-Kwon song “Tipsy,” blending it with a country sound. Shaboozey, who many music fans first heard of due to his contributions to Beyoncé’s "Cowboy Carter," has hit number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 with the song, making it a bona fide blockbuster.
Being near the top of the alphabetical Grammy ballot often helps, so “A Bar Song” is probably a decent bet for a Song of the Year nomination. What’s likely more secured, though, are nominations for Best Country Solo Performance and especially Best Country Song. And the song’s popularity, combined with Shaboozey’s narrative as a Black artist in a predominantly white and infamously exclusionary industry like country, will likely propel him to a Best New Artist nomination.
Also, if voters are really feeling the multiformat smash, then don’t be surprised by a Record of the Year nomination either. After all, it’s not only a hit with country audiences, but with pop audiences too, already reaching the top 10 on pop radio with no signs of slowing down.
Chappell Roan, “Good Luck, Babe!”
This year’s biggest breakout is arguably singer-songwriter extraordinaire Chappell Roan, who has captivated audiences slowly but surely with her hit debut album, "The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess." Roan’s biggest hit, however, is not featured on the album. Instead it's the standalone spring release “Good Luck, Babe!” The track recently reached the Hot 100's top 10, and is projected to keep growing due to its stability on streaming platforms and radio finally catching on.
“Good Luck, Babe!” is relatable to any queer person who has felt sidelined by a closeted ex-lover. It's also immensely catchy and is brilliantly sung by Roan. The song’s credits also help, with two-time Record and Song of the Year nominee Daniel Nigro (Olivia Rodrigo's close collaborator) handling the production, and recent Songwriter of the Year nominee Justin Tranter sharing writing duties. With just how fast Roan’s career is growing, I wouldn’t be surprised if the song nears the top of the Hot 100 close to voting time.
Sabrina Carpenter, “Please Please Please”
2024 has been the year of Sabrina Carpenter. The pop starlet has been releasing music for years now, but her big break finally came this year. Her 2023 hit “Feather” fully caught on on the radio, and she released two other gigantic smashes: the breezy spring release “Espresso” and the mid-tempo “Please Please Please.” While she would likely do equally well at the Grammys with either hit, “Please” has reached higher in the United States, hitting number-one on the Hot 100 (as of this writing "Espresso" has peaked at number-three), and as such might be prioritized for Grammy submission.
"Please" might also be taken more seriously, as it's a ballad with a twangy, ABBA-like groove that addresses how Carpenter loves her partner but can be embarrassed by their behavior. There’s really no telling what exactly the singer's team will do with her hits in terms of Grammy submissions, but expect her to pop up in Record and Song of the Year regardless of which she enters for consideration.
Tinashe, “Nasty”
Of the viral songs of 2024, one of the best is undoubtedly Tinashe’s “Nasty,” a playfully sensual R&B banger that has refused to leave our TikTok For You pages. The track could potentially earn Tinashe her first trip to the Grammys after years of underappreciated work in the alternative R&B world. “Nasty” is slowly rising up the charts, and is likely to catch on with radio airplay soon.
So you might want to consider her among your five picks for Best R&B Song and/or Best R&B Performance, especially given her strong narrative, notching a successful hit in spite of being a fully independent artist. “Nasty” is also the kind of hit that R&B voters would normally embrace, occupying that Beyoncé/SZA lane of sensual alt-R&B that has been nominated plenty of times before.
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media