By 

	Anna Tingley


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Variety may receive an affiliate commission.

Chappell Roan is the latest star to get the Target exclusive vinyl treatment, following limited-edition releases for everyone from Olivia Rodrigo and Charli XCX to Taylor Swift and Billie Eilish.

	The upcoming vinyl release of Roan’s breakout 2023 album “Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess” is now available to pre-order exclusively on Target and will officially ship out beginning Sept. 20. The set comes with a limited-edition peaches-and-cream vinyl in addition to a poster with an illustration of Roan inspired by the original album artwork.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			














	
		
					FilmNation Boards Tomas Alfredson's Psychodrama 'Séance on a Wet Afternoon' Starring Rachel Weisz, Penned by 'Adolescence' Writer Jack Thorne (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	The re-release comes after a breakout year for the pop singer, who recently headlined both Lollapalooza and Outside Lands this summer. Despite coming out in 2023, Roan’s debut album currently sits at No. 2 on the Billboard 200, bested by Taylor Swift‘s “The Tortured Poets Department.”




			Popular on Variety		






	This year, Roan has been on the road for her “Midwest Princess” tour, which kicked off last summer in alignment with her debut album. Now, following the success of the first Top 10 single of her career, “Good Luck, Babe!,” she has expanded the lineup to include newly-announced dates starting with the All Things Go festival in Forest Hills, N.Y. on Sept. 28, in addition to a series of additional dates through October. 

	Roan recently picked up a best new artist nomination from the MTV Video Music Awards and is confirmed to be performing at the ceremony on Sept. 11. She’s being widely viewed as a contender for the Grammy for best new artist as well. 

	Pre-order the Target exclusive vinyl of “Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess” here.
The Business of Entertainment