Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The artist was set to perform at the All Things Go festival in Washington, D.C., and New York this weekend. 

							By 

	Christy Piña

Associate Editor

Chappell Roan has canceled her planned performances in Washington, D.C., and New York this weekend as part of the All Things Go festival. 

	The artist took to her Instagram Story to share the news and apologize to the fans who were looking forward to seeing her onstage. 



	“I apologize to people who have been waiting to see me in NYC & DC this weekend at All Things Go, but I am unable to perform,” she wrote. “Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it.”





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Box Office: 'Thunderbolts*' Storming to $73M-$77M Opening, Alec Baldwin's 'Rust' Flops in Cinemas		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Singer-Songwriter Jill Sobule "Filled The Room With This Whirlwind of Whimsy"		
			








	She continued, “I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health. I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible. Thank you for understanding. Be back soon xox.”

	










	Roan’s statement follows the singer opening up in August about past experiences with a stalker and aggressive fans who are trying to normalize “predatory behavior,” like nonconsensual physical and social interactions. 

	“Please stop touching me. Please stop being weird to my family and friends. Please stop assuming things about me. There is always more to the story. I am scared and tired,” she said in the lengthy social media post. “I feel more love than I ever have in my life. I feel the most unsafe I have ever felt in my life.” 

	Soon after those comments, the “Good Luck, Babe!” singer said she was working to find a balance between her health and career. 

	​“My brain is like, ‘Quit right now, take next year off.’ This industry and artistry fucking thrive on mental illness, burnout, overworking yourself, overextending yourself, not sleeping. You get bigger the more unhealthy you are. Isn’t that so fucked up?” she said. “The ambition is: How do I not hate myself, my job, my life, and do this? Because right now, it’s not working. I’m just scrambling to try to feel healthy.”

	The performance cancellation also comes on the heels of Roan receiving a lot of backlash online when she said she “doesn’t feel pressured to endorse” Kamala Harris or Donald Trump in the 2024 presidential election because “there’s problems on both sides.” 

	The “HOT TO GO!” singer then clarified her comments about endorsing after people took them out of context, claimed she was actually a secret Trump supporter and criticized her for not encouraging her fan base to vote. 

	










	“Endorsing and voting are completely different,” Roan said on Wednesday. “I don’t agree with a lot of what is going on with policies — obviously, fuck the policies of the right, but also fuck some of the policies on the left. That’s why I can’t endorse. That’s why I can’t put my entire name in my entire project behind one.”

	However, she did share that she was “voting for fucking Kamala, but I’m not settling for what has been offered, because that’s questionable,” she said. “Fuck Trump for fucking real, but fuck some of the shit that has gone down in the Democratic party that has failed people like me and you.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.