By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
On TV this Monday: What We Do in the Shadows comes to an end, the NCIS team attempts to save Christmas and Little Big Town spreads holiday cheer. Here are 11 programs to keep on your radar. (Also check out our weekly TVLine-Up of premieres and finales and monthly streaming guide.)
Lady Gaga, Dua Lipa and Chappell Roan join Apple Music’s Zane Lowe for a festive caroling adventure around the world.
Season 11 finale: The bakers construct gingerbread house cakes in unique architectural styles before one contestant is named Holiday Baking Champion and takes home $25,000.
Dan + Shay, Kelsea Ballerini, Sheryl Crow, Kirk Franklin, Josh Groban, Kate Hudson and Orville Peck perform.
Fall finale: Marty isn’t emotionally prepared to send Daphne to daycare; Gemma detects a problem with Grover’s Spanish grade. (Get return date.)
Fall finale: After receiving bad news, Poppa makes drastic changes to his appearance. (Get return date.)
Millie goes rogue to get to the bottom of the Somervilles’ criminal enterprise; Janet makes an unexpected decision that has consequences for Millie.
Fall finale: When a shocking tell-all threatens to ruin Christmas for a decorated Marine, NCIS races to save the hero’s legacy. (Get return date.)
Steve and Stan work to uncover the mysterious past behind one of Roger’s personas; Jeff, Hayley and Francine explore new hobbies.
Fall finale: As Gibbs prepares for his first Christmas without his wife and daughter, flashbacks reveal the unlikely journey that led him to his career. (Get scoop and return date.) 
The American Masters documentary reveals the story behind Lee’s iconic Christmas classic; talking heads include Keith Urban, Tanya Tucker, Trisha Yearwood, Pat Benatar and Lee herself. 
Series finale: A shocking twist leads to an unexpected change of plans.
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
NCIS: Origins
Poppa’s House
The Neighborhood
Series Finale of What We Do In The Shadows…been a great comedy that was a breath of fresh air and not afraid to take chances unlike many other comedies now a days…Gonna miss it…
My cable tv listings show three airings of episode 11 in a row with a note “Alternate ending A” after the second and “Alternate ending C” after the third which suggests that the first airing is alternate ending B. What gives?
Thanks for that note, I’ll have to record all three to see what is up with that.
Not all heroes wear capes. Thank you!
My guide has the same description for all 3 and it usually re-airs throughout the night so I didn’t know
I’m going to miss this show!
NCIS
NCIS Origins
What We Do In the Shadows (sad to see this ending)
the usual ones tonight.
americzn dad .
the neighbourhood
poppas house
never watched whatever do in the shadows, is is it worth watching
Yes it is an amazing show. Sad it is ending.
The Neighborhood
NCIS
NCIS: Origins
The Neighborhood
Poppa’s House
American Dad
NCIS: Origins
NCIS
Below  Deck
Monday Night Football
Antiques Roadshow
NCIS + Origins
Brilliant Minds from last week
Is it just me that just thinks this but Poppa’s House is just terrible? It’s premise is archaic, writing is juvenile and while I like the primary actors, their roles here are far beneath their skillset. It’s dreck that we would have seen 10 to 15 years ago.
All that especially “rolls that are far beneath their skillset.” I’m pretty surprised but mostly disappointed.
Monday Night Football
American Dad
What We Do in the Shadows (sad)
WWDITS! Farewell to the best comedy show ever! It was witty & funny!  Great cast!  Thank you for entertaining us.
I think the ending of What We Do in the Shadows was really bad!
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.