Caitlin Clark is not only a big name here in the Hawkeye State, but she continues to break barriers and kick butt on the national stage.
The West Des Moines native rounded out her senior year at the University of Iowa by leading her team to the NCAA women's championship for a second time.
After falling to South Carolina, Clark was drafted #1 overall to the Indiana Fever. During her rookie season, the 22-year-old helped take the Fever to the playoffs for the first time in eight years.
Now, the WNBA Rookie of the Year is adding yet another accomplishment to her list.
In early December, Forbes magazine released their 15th annual 30 Under 30 List.
 Celebrities like Noah Kahan, Zach Bryan, Chappell Roan, Laufey, Gigi Hadid, Jacob Elordi, Flau'jae Johnson, Drew Afualo and Marcello Hernandez made this prestigious roster of accomplished people under the age of thirty.
The former Iowa Hawkeye also made this list!
Every single year, Forbes magazine puts together a list of the most influential and impactful individuals in twenty various categories like; AI, Art & Style, Education, Food & Drink, and Sports.
According to the official website, Forbes editors worked with a diverse group of judges to parse through 10,000 candidates and evaluate them on their "impact, financials and creativity."
The result was 600 individuals making up the list of Forbes 30 Under 30 List North America 2025.
Obviously, Caitlin Clark fell into the sports category on this list. She was amongst some other big names in the industry like Jayson Tatum of the Boston Celtics, Noah Eagle of NBC Sports, and Olympian and DWTS runner-up Ilona Maher.
See the full Forbes list here!
What do you think Caitlin Clark is going to do next? The sky is the limit for this Iowa native!
Stay up to date with everything going on in Eastern Iowa by downloading the free station app from your app store.
Also, do not forget to follow the station across all social media platforms for the latest news, entertainment, and sports updates.
Gallery Credit: Kerri Mac
Gallery Credit: Kerri Mac