Now 
53
 Sun 
62
 Mon 
63
by RAY LEWIS | The National Desk
TOPICS:
NEW YORK CITY (TND) — Pop singer Chappell Roan, an open member of the LGBTQ+ community, announced Sunday she recently turned down an invitation to perform for a Pride event at the White House.
Roan, whose legal name is Kayleigh Amstutz, announced her decision at the Gov Ball Music Festival in New York City. The announcement came as she dedicated her song “My Kink Is Karma” to the White House.
Earlier in the concert, Roan expressed support for transgender people, “oppressed" people, “occupied” people and women while dressed as the Statue of Liberty.
“In case you have forgotten what’s etched on my pretty little toes, give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,” she said. “That means freedom and trans rights. That means freedom and women’s rights. And, it especially means freedom for all people and oppressed. It especially means freedom for all oppressed people in occupied territories.”
It is not the first time the White House has experienced rejection this year. In April, President Joe Biden hosted a scaled-down dinner with Muslim officials in his administration after several community leaders reportedly denied an invitation for an Iftar, a Ramadan fast-breaking meal. Wa’el Alzayat, who leads a Muslim-American advocacy organization, told the Associated Press it was “inappropriate” to celebrate while there was a famine in Gaza.
White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre told reporters the scaled-down dinner was in response to community feedback on the event’s purpose.
“Community leaders expressed the preference of doing a working group meeting, if you will. They wanted to make sure that there was an opportunity to discuss the issues at hand,” she said. “They thought it would be important to do that. And so, we did that, we listened, we heard, and we adjusted the format to be responsive and so that we can get feedback from them.”
The White House did not immediately return The National Desk’s request for comment Monday.
Follow Ray Lewis on X for trending national news @rayjlewis or send a tip to rjlewis@sbgtv.com.