Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

A look back at the names in culture that had everyone talking this year.
Deputy Eye Editor

	As 2024 winds down, we reflect on the year’s biggest arts and culture stars. From musicians who saw massive surges in popularity to actors who landed career-making roles and a growing sport-fashion star, here’s a look at the names that had everyone talking.

	You might not have known her name last year, but 2024 has made Chappell Roan a bonafide household name with an enthusiastic fan base that just continues to grow. This year, Roan kept everyone dancing at the “Pink Pony Club” while her catchy dance for “Hot to Go” became a ubiquitous party moment. She encountered a few trying moments as the result of sudden fame (like needing to pull out of the All Things Go festival at the last minute), and delivered a revolving door of memorable fashion looks. The musician has become known for her theatrical outfits, from her Statue of Liberty-inspired getup for Gov Ball to the medieval chain mail look she wore on the VMAs red carpet. She shows no signs of slowing down in 2025.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Costumes From 'A Room With a View,' 'Out of Africa' to Be Displayed at the Fashion and Textile Museum	
			













	Human Resources
	



	
			Bethani Stainfield-Bruce Named Senior Vice President at DDA's New Brand Division	
			








	Cole Escola wrote and stars in this year’s hottest Broadway ticket, “Oh, Mary!” The original play transferred to Broadway after a popular Off-Broadway run, where Escola earned rave reviews from audiences and critics alike for their performance as former First Lady Mary Todd Lincoln in a historic retelling that makes some sizable factual tweaks. Escola is enjoying their moment in the fashion spotlight, including a stop at the Met Gala dressed by Thom Browne. Escola linked up with Browne again during New York Fashion Week in September, when the pair cohosted an intimate dinner at Commerce Inn in the West Village.




			You May Also Like		






	Country-rap artist Shaboozey is nominated for Best New Artist at the upcoming Grammys, where his song “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” is up for song of the year, best country song and best country solo performance. Shaboozey’s hit, which samples rapper J-Kwon’s early 2000s anthem “Tipsy,” has dominated music charts since it was released earlier this spring. The success has propelled Shaboozey into the public eye and led to show appearances and campaigns, including YSL’s Myslf Le Parfum campaign this fall. The musician is a welcome addition to the red carpet, wearing black crystal-adorned pair of Crocs cowboy boots to the CMA Awards along with a custom mint Saint Laurent suit. It’s the sort of fashion fun that makes country music one of the most exciting genres at the moment.

	2024 was a huge year for the WNBA, and one of its starmakers is Chicago Sky forward Angel Reese. Since getting drafted into the league earlier this year, Reese has also established herself off court within the fashion sphere. In late October, she attended the CFDA Awards in a white gown by Jonathan Simkhai. In December, the athlete was named Footwear News’ Style Influencer of the Year, and will debut a signature Reebok shoe as part of a multiyear deal with the sportswear brand.

	Yes, Sabrina Carpenter, a former Disney star, has been around the scene for years — her latest album Short n’ Sweet is her sixth — but 2024 is the year that she made it big time. We’ve lost count of how many times we’ve listened to “Espresso” since it was released this spring, and her mega tour this fall has been one of the most in demand tickets. She even delivered a Christmas special this year — the hallmark of a true star-making moment.

	










	The 25-year-old newcomer made waves when “Anora,” director Sean Baker’s latest film, premiered at Cannes and went on to win the Palme d’Or. Now, the film — and Madison — are awards season frontrunners, with Madison the best leading actress to beat. She has also quickly emerged as a red carpet style star, wearing looks from Chanel, Prada, Saint Laurent and Schiaparelli. Ahead of a busy awards season, she’ll start 2025 by receiving this year’s breakthrough actress winner by the National Board of Review.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.