Lana Del Rey performs at Orion Amphitheater in Huntsville, Alabama on Sept. 21, 2023. (Courtesy Josh Weichman/Orion Amphitheater)
Lana Del Rey, Zach Bryan and ODESZA will top the lineup at the 2024 Hangout Music Festival, event planners announced Wednesday.
Other notable acts announced Wednesday include The Chainsmokers, Cage The Elephant, Dominic Fike, Renée Rapp, Subtronics, Jessie Murph, A Day To Remember, Dom Dolla, Doechii, Alison Wonderland, Nelly, Koe Wetzel, Megan Moroney, Sexyy Red, All Time Low and NLE Choppa. (For the full roster, see below.)
Del Rey is an eye-catching headliner, in part because she made waves in north Alabama in 2023: She was spotted apparently working at a Waffle House, among other sightings from Birmingham to Florence. She’s also a pandemic raincheck: Del Rey was on the 2020 lineup before that year’s festival was cancelled due to COVID-19. She performed in Huntsville in September, and AL.com reviewer Matt Wake said she lived up to the cinematic quality for which her music is known: “Her Orion set was like living inside an arthouse film with a cool soundtrack.”
Hangout Fest had had a modest share of country acts over the years, usually acts that fall outside the radio-country mainstream. But Bryan, whose music also has regularly registered on Billboard’s rock charts, is in extremely rare company as a country Hangout headliner. The Zac Brown Band was among top acts at the inaugural Hangout Fest in 2010 and topped the bill again in 2015. Bryan’s top singles include “I Remember Everything,” “Something in the Orange” and “Dawns.”
ODESZA, an electronic music duo, previously appeared at the 2018 fest. The duo has been nominated for four Grammys, and at last year’s awards were in contention for best dance/electronic album for “The Last Goodbye.” In July 2023 they released the album “Flaws in Our Design.”
The 13th edition of the festival takes place May 17-19 in Gulf Shores. A presale for local residents begins at 11 a.m. Thursday, Jan. 11 and ends at 10:59 a.m. Friday, Jan. 12. General public ticket sales start at 11 a.m. central time on Friday, Jan. 12. All tickets will be sold through the festival website. For the locals’ presale, ticket purchasers’ billing ZIP code must match one of the eligible ZIP codes for an order to be processed; those ZIP codes fall in roughly a 5o-mile radius from Gulf Shores. For full details, visit www.hangoutmusicfest.com/residents.
Prices before fees, as listed at www.hangoutmusicfest.com, are:
Beach vacation packages, including accommodations and shuttle passes, also are available through the festival site.
Lana Del Rey, Zach Bryan and ODESZA top the lineup at the 2024 Hangout Music Fest.Hangout Music Fest
The full roster of acts announced Wednesday: Zach Bryan, Lana Del Rey, ODESZA, The Chainsmokers, Cage The Elephant, Reneé Rapp, Dominic Fike, Jessie Murph, Subtronics, Dom Dolla, A Day To Remember, Doechii, Nelly, Koe Wetzel, Alison Wonderland, Megan Moroney, Sexyy Red, NLE Choppa, All Time Low, Chappell Roan, David Kushner, Matt Maeson, Qveen Herby, Disco Lines, Chromeo (DJ), Daily Bread, The Beaches, Kasbo, Paul Russell, Wyatt Flores, Del Water Gap, Dylan Gossett, Alana Springsteen, Austin Millz, BUNT., Eliza Rose, Flyana Boss, G Flip, hemlocke springs, Le Youth, LF SYSTEM, Little Stranger, Odd Mob x OMNOM: HYPERBEAM, The Stews, VNSSA B2B Nala, Westend, Brenn!, Jaime Wyatt, Laci Kaye Booth, Linka Moja, Tanner Adell, The Taylor Party, Willow Avalon.
For full festival information, visit https://www.hangoutmusicfest.com/. For continuing coverage, visit https://www.al.com/topic/hangout/.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices