Chappell Roan made a stop at Westfair in Council Bluffs for the final date of "The Midwest Princess Tour" on Oct. 3, 2024. Watch as fans get ready for the show and listen to thoughts from two Cedar Rapids fans. 
The Westfair queen was coronated at the county fair earlier this summer, but the "Midwest Princess" was the fairground royalty Thursday night as pop star Chappell Roan rocked a sold out crowd of 12,000-plus.
The soaring star's Council Bluffs stop at Westfair Fairgrounds and Amphitheater was the final date on "The Midwest Princess Tour," and Roan put an exclamation point on it as she and her band blazed through a set of hits, pop bangers and ballads and a classic cover.
For many of Thursday's concertgoers, the day started early as the Westfair gates opened in the morning.
Many fans came from out of town, and VIP ticket holders wanted to get a place in line to secure prime seating up front for the show before soundcheck. By noon, a few hundred people were lined up along the amphitheaters gates.
Chappell Roan performs during the final stop of “The Midwest Princess Tour” at Westfair Amphitheater on Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024.
The queue was lively and bright as passionate Chappell Roan fans socialized and showed off an array of vibrant makeup, costumes and attire. The convivial environment paired well with the afternoon's pleasant, sunny weather.
The fans didn't stop flowing in, and U.S. Highway 6 between Council Bluffs and Oakland got more and more backed up as showtime inched closer.
Several people — this reporter included — missed the opening act put on by local drag queens as fans scrambled to park and make their way into the venue. Many attendees resorted to parking their vehicles along the highway or neighboring roads and hoofing it up to the venue.
Chappell Roan's set time ended up being pushed back about 30 minutes to accommodate the fans that had yet to make it to the show.
Bowie Silver and Gwen Canney of Cedar Rapids didn't have that issue as they were camped out in the front row, stage right. The two had been anticipating the show for months and they wanted to make sure they had some of the best seats in the house.
"It's insane that we're here," Silver said as they reflected on the wait and the journey to Council Bluffs.
Silver drove more than four hours across Iowa the day prior and Canney met up on Thursday. The duo made it to Westfair around noon to take part in the daytime festivities and wait in line with their fellow VIP fans. Canney said they experienced a flood of emotions when they finally made it inside.
"I literally started crying," Canney said of the moment they grasped the front row barrier with their hands upon entering the venue.
The two were also emotional because the show they'd waited so long for had a chance of not happening.
Citing personal reasons, Roan canceled two festival appearances in Maryland and New York at the end of last month. Many fans wondered if she would do the same with her final three "Midwest Princess" tour dates, but Silver and Canney were relieved that the show went on.
"We understood," Silver said. "Because, obviously, if she really doesn't feel up to performing we don't want her to punish herself and perform."
But Chappell Roan is a Missouri native and she wasn't about to let the Midwest down.
Chappell Roan performs during the final stop of “The Midwest Princess Tour” at Westfair Amphitheater on Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024.
Shortly after 9:30 p.m., the house lights lowered and the crowd went wild as Roan's band took the stage. The fans turned it up even more as Chappell finally emerged. 
The set began with "Femininomenon," a song that starts soft with a piano backing before Roan asks "can you play a song with a [expletive] beat?"
Roan then went into "Naked in Manhattan" and "Super Graphic Ultra Modern Girl," both of which had fans moving and chanting along to every line.
Roan and company slowed things down with "Love Me Anyway" and "Picture You" before launching into a cover song that was a tour debut. 
The crowd amped up as the opening guitar riffs to Heart's "Barracuda" started up. Roan did the song justice as she paid homage to the legendary Ann Wilson with her vocal performance. The song was recently played at the sound check of a previous show.
The energy reached its highest peak one song later as Roan got the crowd prepared for the dance that goes along to her hit tune, "HOT TO GO!" Thousands of fans could be heard as the catchy chorus echoed throughout the venue.
The band followed with "After Midnight," and once that song finished Roan announced that the Westfair concert was her "biggest headlining show ever." She said that it "makes sense," seeing as the show was in the heart of her home, the Midwest.
Chappell Roan performs during the final stop of “The Midwest Princess Tour” at Westfair Amphitheater on Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024.
Roan then thanked the fans for all of their support and went on a minutes-long address on queer acceptance and perseverance. 
Roan, herself, is loudly and proudly gay and isn't afraid to speak her mind and stand up for her beliefs. She let the LGBTQ+ fans know that there's nothing wrong with being who you are and she let them know they're "loved and cherished." 
"And that's coming from a gay bitch from the Midwest," she concluded, to roaring applause.
The rest of the set included "Coffee," "Casual," "The Subway," "Red Wine Supernova," "Good Luck, Babe" and "My Kink is Karma."
The band exited the stage for a brief moment before returning for an encore. Roan said she's "playing 'California'" first, assuring the crowd that the hit "Pink Pony Club" was coming to end the night.
The show was quick, but it hit the whole time. The thousands in attendance were abuzz and the mood was bright as the fans funneled out back to the fields, hopefully exiting quicker than it took to get in.
It was apparent that the Chappell Roan fan base is a friendly one, and Silver said the sense of community makes long days like Thursday easier to get through. 
"Among most of the fans, it's a lot of just positive vibes," Silver said. "Everyone's complimenting each other on their outfits, everyone's hyping each other up. The community, overall, is fantastic." 
Silver said Chappell Roan, like her fans, is passionate, outspoken and authentic, which is why they're so drawn to her music.
"She puts out what she wants to put out," Silver said. "It just feels a lot more genuine than a lot of pop music nowadays. And, overall, her personality. Like not taking stuff from anybody and her willingness to speak out, that's what really drew me to her." 
Chappell Roan performs during the final stop of "The Midwest Princess Tour" at Westfair Amphitheater on Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024.
Chappell Roan performs during the final stop of "The Midwest Princess Tour" at Westfair Amphitheater on Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024.
Chappell Roan performs during the final stop of "The Midwest Princess Tour" at Westfair Amphitheater on Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024.
Joshua Szpakowski of South Bend, Ind., right, and other fans don fun attire while waiting in line for the Chappell Roan concert at Westfair Ampitheater on Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024.
Abby Cuva of Ames, left, and Danielle Bettmann of Omaha get some shade as they wait in line for the Chappell Roan concert at Westfair Ampitheater on Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024.
Bowie Silver, center, and Gwen Canney, at left, both from Cedar Rapids, enjoy the Chappell Roan show from the front row during the final stop of "The Midwest Princess Tour" at Westfair Ampitheater on Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024.
Chappell Roan performs during the final stop of "The Midwest Princess Tour" at Westfair Ampitheater on Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024.
Fans react as Chappell Roan performs during the final stop of "The Midwest Princess Tour" at Westfair Ampitheater on Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024.
Chappell Roan performs during the final stop of "The Midwest Princess Tour" at Westfair Ampitheater on Thursday, Oct. 3, 2024.
Fans film themselves amongst the crowd as Chappell Roan performs at Westfair on Oct. 3, 2024.
A fan makes a phone recording as Chappell Roan performs at Westfair on Oct. 3, 2024.
Chappell Roan performs at Westfair on Oct. 3, 2024.
Chappell Roan performs at Westfair on Oct. 3, 2024.
Chappell Roan performs at Westfair for the final date of "The Midwest Princess Tour" on Oct. 3, 2024.
Chappell Roan performs at Westfair for the final date of "The Midwest Princess Tour" on Oct. 3, 2024.
Fans cheer as Chappell Roan performs at Westfair for the final date of "The Midwest Princess Tour" on Oct. 3, 2024.
Fans watch as Chappell Roan performs at Westfair for the final date of "The Midwest Princess Tour" on Oct. 3, 2024.
Chappell Roan performs at Westfair for the final date of "The Midwest Princess Tour" on Oct. 3, 2024.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Photographer
Chappell Roan made a stop at Westfair in Council Bluffs for the final date of "The Midwest Princess Tour" on Oct. 3, 2024. Watch as fans get r…
It's been a busy year in southwest Iowa. 
The Iowa West Foundation contributed $2.5 million to provide an initial push toward Westfair's capital campaign, which seeks to raise $34 million.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.