Elton John has limited vision in one eye after an infection. In this photo, John arrives at the 77th annual Golden Globe Awards on Jan. 5, 2020, in Beverly Hills, Calif. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP
Rocketman lost his vision in one eye this summer due to a “severe” infection, leaving his recovery “extremely slow.”
In a post to Instagram, Grammy-winning singer Elton John revealed that an eye infection resulted in him having “only limited vision in one eye.”
“I am healing, but it’s an extremely slow process and it will take some time before sight returns to the impacted eye,” he wrote. “I am so grateful for the excellent team of doctors and nurses and my family, who have taken such good care of me over the last several weeks.”
Despite the gravity of the infection, John ended the post on an optimistic note.
“I have been quietly spending the summer recuperating at home, and am feeling positive about the progress I have made in my healing and recovery thus far,” he said.
The post garnered over 340,000 likes and 6,300 comments at time of writing, with celebrities pouring affection out for the 77-year-old legend.
A post shared by Elton John (@eltonjohn)
“Get Well Soon,” Bronx-born Billy Joel wrote.
“Sending you so much love Elton! Feel better soon. Love you,” Versace face Donatella Versace commented, complete with two red heart emojis. John liked the comment, among many others.
Marc Jacobs, Chappell Roan, Billie Jean King, Billy Porter, and a slew of additional celebrities could be seen in the comments offering well wishes and words of support.
According to the Daily Beast, “John is effectively retired from the road, having played his final tour show at the Glastonbury Festival last June before an estimated 120,000 people. He has made a number of one-off benefit appearances since, and is expected to descend on Los Angeles next month for a cancer gala.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices