Current Issue Details
Published: 2024/05/07

Today, Austin City Limits unveiled its 2024 programming and artist lineup. The annual music-focused gathering is scheduled over two weekend blocks, October 4-6 and October 13-15, at Zilker Park in Austin, Texas. Headlining the fall event are Dua Lipa, Chris Stapleton and Tyler, the Creator, with added standouts like Khruangbin, Leon Bridges and Norah Jones also anticipated guests during both weekends. 
As features of the Lone Star event, more than 30 Texas-bred acts are featured on the impending lineup, including aforementioned focuses like Khruangbin, Bridges and Jones, as well as Kevin Abstract, That Mexican OT, Mickey Guyton, Penny & Sparrow, Chance Peña, Dexter And The Moonrocks, Bob Schneider,  Asleep At The Wheel, whookilledkenny, Kalu & The Electric Joint, The Droptines, Jon Muq, Daiistar, Rickshaw Billie’s Burger Patrol, Late Night Drive Home, Theo Lawrence, Chief Cleopatra, West 22nd, Chaparelle and other natives. 
ACL delves into unique offerings with mass appeal. From dance parties emanating a pop aura (Dua Lipa, Jungle, Chappell Roan, Fletcher, Jess Glynne, Barry Can’t Swim and Qveen Herby) to up-and-coming international acts (Wave To Earth, Carin León, The Marías, Hermanos Guitiérrez), the double weekend event maximizes opportunities for music lovers to dip their toes in a variety of sonic streams cascading across nine stages. 
For those unable to attend in person, Hulu is set to return as the Official Streaming Destination of the ACL Festival. Streaming three days of select live performances, interviews and much more during Weekend One, October 4-6. The full broadcast lineup and schedule will be announced later this summer.  
3-Day General Admission Tickets, 3-Day GA+ Tickets, 3-Day VIP and Platinum Tickets and Hotel Packages will go on sale today at 12 pm CT at www.aclfestival.com. Layaway Plans are available starting at only $25 down.  1-Day Tickets will be available at a later date.  Music fans ages 8 and under are welcome free of charge to all general admission areas with a ticketed adult. 
Scroll down to view more. 
No Comments comments associated with this post