At 71, Cyndi Lauper is confident in her opinions. She loves listening to Chappell Roan. She thinks fondly of Tampa in the 1980s, when it was still “kinda small.” And she doesn’t care for excessive costume changes.
“It gets on my nerves,” she told the Tampa Bay Times in a recent phone interview, among a few other gripes that come with life on the road.
“I want to not have to pack and unpack constantly, you know? That’s the drag about touring,” she said. “The singing part, gee, you don’t get enough of that. But the other stuff’s a pain in the butt.”
Lauper is embracing it all for the final time on her Girls Just Want to Have Fun Farewell Tour, which spans 23 cities across North America. At Tampa’s Amalie Arena on Nov. 6, the pop icon will be joined by Emily Estefan and DJ Tracy Young.
The singer, songwriter and activist has a history with Tampa. She recalls playing the London Victory Club during her 1984 tour.
“When you go to Tampa now, it’s like, ‘Oh my God! They built a city,’” she said, laughing. “Who would have thought they built an ice skating rink? That’s so kick-ass.”
That gig came before Lauper won her first Grammy Award, in 1985 for Best New Artist. In the years since, she has won Emmy and Tony awards, too.
Lauper’s rise to superstardom, from pop success to Broadway, was chronicled in a 2023 documentary on Paramount+, “Cyndi Lauper: Let the Canary Sing.” As she reflected, she realized it was time to get back on the road one more time.
“I was doing the Broadway adaptation of (the movie) ‘Working Girl,’ and that’s been taking, like, almost 10 years, right?” Lauper said. “And so when the idea came to me of doing a farewell tour, I thought to myself, ‘Oh my gosh, if this stuff takes this long, I don’t know. Like, I’m strong right now. Who knows in five years?’”
As she looks back on her career, Lauper isn’t shy to praise the next generation. She adores SZA: ”I was excited to see all of her Grammys this year. Like, you go, girl. You deserve it.” She’s also charmed by TikTok-famous alt-pop artist Hemlocke Springs.
“I learned about her from Chappell Roan when they asked her who she listens to,” Lauper said.
Lauper hopes to continue to inspire future generations of women on this tour.
“Every time I lead my band, a little girl is watching,” Lauper said. “If Bruce Springsteen can be the Boss, any one of us could, too, right?”
Cyndi Lauper’s Girls Just Wanna Have Fun Farewell Tour visits Amalie Arena in Tampa on Nov. 6. The event starts at 8 p.m., with ticket prices starting at $25.75. Visit cyndilauper.com for tickets and more information.
Gabrielle Calise is a culture reporter who covers music, nostalgia and offbeat Florida trends. Reach her at gcalise@tampabay.com. 
The Tampa Bay Times e-Newspaper is a digital replica of the printed paper seven days a week that is available to read on desktop, mobile, and our app for subscribers only. To enjoy the e-Newspaper every day, please subscribe.