Other artists including Beyoncé, Madonna, Bruce Springsteen and Taylor Swift have also endorsed Harris
St. Vincent has endorsed Kamala Harris for the upcoming US Presidential Election.
Ahead of Election Day next Tuesday (November 5), the singer took to Instagram to share her endorsement for the current vice president and Democratic candidate.
“Happy Halloween. My costume is my Irish catholic grandmother,” she wrote yesterday (November 1). “Go vote for @kamalaharris, Americans. My grandmother would have. She wouldn’t have stood for all this damn disrespect.”
St. Vincent posted the caption alongside a photo of her in a shower cap, sunglasses and a bathrobe while smoking a cigarette.
A post shared by St. Vincent (@st_vincent)
The “disrespect” is thought by fans to be in reference to Republican Candidate Donald Trump’s stance on abortion and his previous decision to overturn the landmark reproductive rights bill Roe v. Wade.
Olivia Rodrigo and Billie Eilish have previously endorsed Harris specifically for her commitment to restoring abortion access nationwide, with the latter approving her song ‘When the Party’s Over’ for a Democrat’s Ad on reproductive care. Elsewhere, Beyoncé spoke at a Democratic Rally on Reproductive Rights last month.
St. Vincent joins a host of other stars to throw their support behind Harris, including Cardi B, Madonna, Charli XCX, Joni Mitchell, Chappell Roan, Megan Thee Stallion, Cher, Lizzo, Eminem, Usher, P!nk, Leonardo DiCaprio, Bad Bunny, Bon Iver, Quavo, Mumford & Sons, GloRilla, Amy Lee of Evanescence and Finneas.
Bruce Springsteen recently played at a Harris rally in Atlanta, while in September, Taylor Swift wrote that she would also be voting for the current Vice President “because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them”.
Earlier this week, the cast of Marvel’s Avengers, including Mark Ruffalo, Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans and Don Cheadle, reunited to endorse Harris in an Instagram clip.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, a former Republican governor of California, has also said he is voting for Harris. “I will always be an American before I am a Republican,” he said. “That’s why, this week, I am voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. I’m sharing it with all of you because I think there are a lot of you who feel like I do. You don’t recognise our country. And you are right to be furious.”
High-profile backers of Trump include Kid Rock, Kelsey Grammer, Kanye West and Hulk Hogan.
St. Vincent. CREDIT: David William Baum
In other St. Vincent news, she recently released a new single titled ‘Hombre Roto’ (‘Broken Man’), taken from her upcoming Spanish version of her latest album ‘All Born Screaming‘.
In a statement explaining her decision to release a Spanish language album, she reflects on her memorable shows performed in places throughout South America, Mexico, and Spain, stating that “these crowds were united in their passion—singing every word to every song in perfect English. It was truly inspiring.” The album will be released on November 15.
NME caught St. Vincent’s show at London’s Royal Albert Hall earlier this year in June. It earned a four-star review: “Throughout the pulverising 90-minute set, Clark wields her guitar like a weapon and attacks the microphone with a restless urgency.
“Big, cathartic breakdowns teeter on the edge of chaos, but Clark and her four-piece band never let things fall apart completely. It’s gorgeous to watch, but it demands participation as well. With music this charged, there’s simply no standing on the sidelines.”
In another four-star review, this time for the ‘All Born Screaming’ album, NME wrote: “The album’s front section is thrashing and lacerating – a dispatch from the abyss – as she revels in morbid imagery that speaks to a period in which she was besieged by loss (true to mercurial form, she’s declined to be drawn on specifics). And then something strange happens. With the melted Bond theme ‘Violent Times’, she ushers the listener through a secret door that leads to a mellower vibe.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.