The video sees the Boss addressing a live crowd at a Harris rally at Temple University in Philadelphia
Bruce Springsteen is at the centre of a powerful new campaign ad for presidential nominee Kamala Harris – check it out below.
The video is titled ‘Hopes and Dreams’ in reference to the musician’s track ‘Land Of Hopes And Dreams’, which soundtracks the clip.
It consists primarily of footage of the Boss speaking to a live crowd at a rally at Temple University on Monday (October 28), in which he savagely criticises Donald Trump’s credentials for the top office and throws his full support behind his Democratic opponent.
“This election is about a group of folks who want to fundamentally undermine our American way of life. Donald Trump does not understand this country, its history, or what it means to be deeply American,” Springsteen says in the video.
“I want a president who reveres the Constitution, who wants to protect and guide our great democracy, who believes in the rule of law and the peaceful transfer of power, who will fight for women’s rights and a woman’s right to choose, and who wants to create a middle class economy that serves all our citizens.”
“There’s only one candidate who holds those principles dear, that’s Kamala Harris,” he adds. “At that’s why on November 5, I’m casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz – and I urge all of you who believe in the American way to join me.”
The Boss first pledged his support to Harris last month, calling Trump “the most dangerous candidate for President in my lifetime” who had a “disdain for the sanctity of our constitution”.
Shortly afterwards, he gave an interview in which he labelled the Republican as “mentally ill”.
Bruce Springsteen performs at a Kamala Harris rally on October 24. Credit: CHRISTIAN MONTERROSA/AFP via Getty Images
“On one hand, I’m not that anxious, because I do believe Kamala Harris is going to win,” he told the outlet. “Of course, I’ve been wrong before about this. I think in the States, there’s an enormous anxiety, however, at losing the things that are dearest to us, the danger of losing democracy, rule of law, peaceful transfer of power.”
“This is a guy who is committed to none of these things. He’s an insurrectionist. You know, he led a coup on the United States government, so there’s no way he should be let anywhere near the office of the presidency.”
Springsteen is far from the only entertainment figure to throw his weight behind the Harris campaign. Taylor Swift wrote that she would also be voting for the current Vice President “because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them”, while last week, the cast of Marvel’s Avengers, including Mark Ruffalo, Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans and Don Cheadle, reunited to endorse Harris in an Instagram clip.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, a former Republican governor of California, has also said he is voting for Harris. “I will always be an American before I am a Republican,” he said. “That’s why, this week, I am voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. I’m sharing it with all of you because I think there are a lot of you who feel like I do. You don’t recognise our country. And you are right to be furious.”
Others to officially endorse Harris include Beyoncé, Charli XCX, Joni Mitchell, Chappell Roan, Megan Thee Stallion, Cher, Lizzo, Eminem, Usher, P!nk, Leonardo DiCaprio, Bad Bunny, Bon Iver, Quavo, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, Mumford & Sons, GloRilla and Finneas.
High-profile backers of Trump include Kid Rock, Kelsey Grammer, Kanye West and Hulk Hogan.
The election is held on November 5.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.