By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  14:35, 15 August 2024   |  Updated:  15:00, 15 August 2024   
 5
View  comments
Remi Wolf flashed her tummy in New York City this week.
The 28-year-old performer from Palo Alto, California, was at an exclusive event for footwear brand Hey Dude.
The packed cocktail party took place at The Bowery Hotel. 
The former American Idol contestant had on a white netted 49 football top - for the San Francisco 49ers - and acid-washed blue jeans with a white belt as she sang her top songs.
The brunette was wearing the Wendy COMF from the Hey Dude brand.
'HEY DUDE what’s up bro????????' she wrote on Instagram. 
Remi Wolf flashed her tummy in New York City this week. The 28-year-old performer from Palo Alto, California , was at an exclusive event for footwear brand Hey Dude
The former American Idol contestant had on a white netted 49 football top and acid-washed blue jeans with a white belt as she sang her top songs. The brunette was wearing the Wendy COMF from the Hey Dude brand
The star, whose full name is Remi Francis Wolf, is a singer and songwriter. 
As a senior in high school, she appeared as a contestant on American Idol in 2014.
After completing her undergraduate music studies in 2018, she made her solo debut with the self-released extended play You're a Dog! in October 2019. 
Remi is working with Olivia Rodrigo on her Guts tour this year.
On Tuesday Olivia made jaws drop while preforming.
The Vampire singer, 21 — who recently shared a behind-the-scenes look of life on tour — showed off her incredibly defined abs and cleavage while hitting the stage for her GUTS World Tour in Los Angeles. 
She oozed showbiz glamour in a sparkly silver bra paired with a matching skirt and fishnet leggings that showed off her endless legs. 
Her signature long brunette locks were let loose and styled in waves as they cascaded over her shoulders. 
The Disney Channel alum is preforming her sophomore album, GUTS, for six nights in the City of Angeles on August 13, 14, 16, 17, 20 and 21. 
Here she is seen earlier this year in a green swimsuit and cap
Olivia Rodrigo showed off her incredibly defined abs and cleavage while hitting the stage for her GUTS World Tour in Los Angeles
The first four of her shows will be held at the Kia Forum and the last two at the Intuit Dome in Inglewood, California. 
The multihyphenate accessorized with a silver chain necklace and a dainty bracelet as she preformed some of her greatest hits like Drivers License and Good 4 U.
She modeled a stunning full face of glam, including shimmering silver eye shadow and bronzer that made her facial structure pop. 
Prior to hitting the stage, Olivia took to her Instagram Story to share a sweet message the Kia Forum left for her on one of the walls of the indoor arena. 
'Welcome to the Kia Forum, Olivia! Congrats on 4 sold out shows!' it read. 
The High School Musical: The Musical: The Series star snap of photo of herself showing off the note as she flashed a heart gesture with her hand. 
'So excited,' she penned above the snap.
Olivia kicked off the GUTS World Tour on February 23, 2024 in Palm Springs, California and will conclude on October 22, 2024, in Sydney, Australia.
Her opening acts rotate between: Good Luck Babe singer Chappell Roan, Boy's a liar songstress PinkPantheress, The Breeders, Remi Wolf and Benee. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group