The singer covered the explosive track at her recent show in Iowa 
Chappell Roan has performed a fiery cover of Heart‘s hit track ‘Barracuda’ at one of her recent live shows.
During her show last night (October 3) at the Westfair Amphitheatre in Council Bluffs, Iowa, the ‘Pink Pony Club’ singer treated attendees to a fierce and raging cover of Heart’s iconic 1977 track.
Dressed in a red bodysuit with the stage lit to match, Roan belted out the legendary lyrics: “You lying so low in the weeds / I bet you gonna ambush me / You’d have me down, down, down, down on my knees/Now wouldn’t you, Barracuda?” in a similar fashion Ann Wilson did on the original song.
IOWA GOT CHAPPELL’S BARRACUDA COVER pic.twitter.com/dkZ382TN5i
— alexa (@glusong) October 4, 2024
The cover of ‘Barracuda’ comes as the former NME Cover star made headlines numerous times in the last few weeks. Earlier this month, the pop singer revealed she’d been diagnosed with “severe depression”, attributing her sudden rise to fame and the subsequent drastic changes to her life as the cause of her symptoms.
Prior to that, in August she took to TikTok to share her thoughts on “weird” and “creepy” followers, and called out the “predatory behaviour” of so-called “superfans” that includes “nonconsensual physical and social interactions”.
Roan then came under fire for sharing that she was choosing not to back Donald Trump or Kamala Harris, arguing that there are “problems on both sides”. She later expanded on her comments with a TikTok post, prefacing the video by saying that she has “encouraged people to use critical thinking skills” to “learn about what they’re voting for” and “ask questions”.
After further backlash against her comments, she went on to clarify her election stance, saying: “I’m voting for fucking Kamala but I’m not settling for what has been offered. Because that’s questionable. It’s questionable, the actions of our government, of the internet, of you and me.”
“I was told this city is demonic and Satanists live here,” she says. “But when I got to West Hollywood, it opened my eyes [to the fact] that everything I was afraid of wasn’t always true – especially [what I’d been told] about the queer community. Going to gay clubs for the first time, it felt spiritual.”
Later, she said: “The queer community is my main fanbase, so my responsibility is to pay it forward by donating a portion of ticket sales and sales in general [to LGBTQ+ charities] and show up at Pride events,” she says. “Really, I’m here to give back all the energy that the queer community has given to me.”
In other news, K-pop girl group LE SSERAFIM recently expressed their desire to collaborate with singers like Chappell Roan in the future.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.