How Kamala Harris’ campaign is leveraging TikTok, Instagram and X to engage Gen Z voters. 


                
                by
        Belle Fortson, NP Strategy


        
31 July 2024

        
In politics, adapting to social media platforms can be the difference between connecting with younger voters and being left behind. Vice President Kamala Harris' 2024 presidential campaign has demonstrated how to harness the power of social media trends to boost Gen Z engagement and build a coalition of younger, hyper-online voters.
By creating video content in line with current pop culture and social media trends, timed within hours of her campaign announcement, both Kamala HQ and her personal accounts on X, Instagram and newly created TikTok have amassed significant followers, garnered extensive media coverage and transformed the political campaign landscape. 
Her recent visit to the RuPaul’s Drag Race Werk Room and support of Team USA at the Paris Olympics using the popular audio “Gentleman, start your engines,” showcase how intune the team is with the broader zeitgeist. 
Now, the campaign is demonstrating how to build on its initial momentum to bridge from a fun, viral moment to inspiring real action among Gen Z voters.
After the initial buzz around the Kamala HQ rebrand, the focus shifted to maintaining traction. The solution? Turning the target audience into an army of messengers. On Harris’ campaign website, supporters can volunteer to create content on the vice president’s behalf. 
The campaign itself has also produced videos and statements that mimics existing user-generated content, such as Kamala HQ’s version of the popular “Gen Z edits” which have resonated with younger audiences. 
mvp 
By uploading TikToks similar to content already trending on the FYP – such as a post comparing former President Donald Trump and Harris set to the Chappell Roan song “Femininomenon” – Harris’ team appeals to Gen Z by matching their social media consumption style.
The Kamala HQ team closely monitors trends and GOP campaign activities and uses this information to promote the campaign and its goals.
For instance, in the last week, Kamala HQ has focused some of its social media posts on Trump’s VP pick, Sen. JD Vance (R-OH), and his seemingly endless supply of controversial comments by uniting cat lovers around the nation. (If you don’t understand the couch reference, I can’t be the one to explain it to you). 
Harris’ campaign also turned Vance’s previous anti-Trump comments into a catchy song with the help of Gen Z women. These short, engaging posts, deeply rooted in TikTok culture, resonate with younger audiences who prefer quick, authentic reactions over lengthy videos with extensive information. 
omg who made this 
The success of Kamala HQ’s posts has sparked a new trend on TikTok: the “Kamalanomenon.” Users are creating their own edits of Kamala to songs from Charli XCX’s “Brat” album, sharing clips of her past speeches and labeling her campaign for the presidency as “Project Coconut.” 
This wave of user-generated content has further amplified her presence on social media as well as boosted her visibility in the larger media conversation. 
By participating in these trends and embracing the memes that once mocked her, Harris has shown that she is up-to-date with current trends and can authentically connect with young voters. Her team has been smart in carefully selecting the platforms where they publish this information, ensuring maximum engagement and reach to their target audience.
In a matter of days, Harris’ campaign transformed the strategy behind political campaigning on social media, turning trends and memes into powerful campaign tools. The "Kamalanomenon" is a testament to the power of social media both in modern politics and strategic marketing, with Kamala Harris and her team of “interns” leading the way. 
Belle Fortson is a coordinator at NP Strategy. 

		Register now to enjoy more articles and free email bulletins
	
Join a growing community of PRWeek comms professionals today



Stay signed in


Forgotten password?


                                    The Metropolitan Police Service,
                                    City of Westminster, London (Greater)
                                

                                    The Metropolitan Police Service,
                                    London/Hybrid
                                

                                    The UK Committee for UNICEF,
                                    Stratford and New Town, London (Greater)
                                

                                    The Electoral Commission,
                                    UK-wide with significant presence required in the Commission’s office in London.
                                

                                    Copper Consultancy,
                                    Birmingham, Bristol, Cardiff, Glasgow, Manchester, or London (office and hybrid)