Alex Russo is back.
Steve Granitz/FilmMagic
 Selena Gomez is getting back to her Disney roots. Last night, she celebrated the world premiere of Disney Channel's Wizards Beyond Waverly Place at the El Capitan Theatre in Los Angeles, which puts her right back in the universe that shot her to stardom in the '00s. The new show is a continuation of the beloved series Wizards of Waverly Place (which premiered 17 years ago). Gomez is set to make a cameo in the new series, which stars David Henrie. He appeared alongside Gomez as Justin Russo on WOWP's original run.

Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images
 Gomez arrived on the red carpet wearing a sculptural strapless dress from Rodarte that featured a sweeping, architectural bodice with a tiny peplum and allover sequins. The skirt included the same shimmering red sequins and also had a high leg slit that cut up to Gomez's thigh. She finished the look with coordinating red shoes and stacks of silver rings and drop earrings from Messika. She skipped out on a necklace to let the dress's intricate neckline shine and wore her signature dark hair in a long lob style parted in the middle with the ends grazing her collarbones.

 The beauty founder kept her makeup subtle and glowy, but did add a pop of color with a dark manicure. Wizards Beyond Waverly Place will air on Disney Channel starting October 29 and new episodes be available to stream on Disney+ the next day.

Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images
 Before the premiere, Gomez shared a video that showed her wearing the same dress as she went to drop off her ballot. The TikTok clip included Gomez posing near a ballot box and a blue heart emoji. The addition made a subtle nod to Kamala Harris and the Democratic party's penchant for the color blue.

 "It's time to go vote," she captioned the post, which was set to Chappell Roan's viral track "Hot to Go."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)