Our free email updates are the best way to get headlines direct to your inbox
We have more newsletters
Our free email updates are the best way to get headlines direct to your inbox
We have more newsletters
The much-anticipated Spotify Wrapped is officially back, to the delight of music lovers worldwide. You can now go on the popular music app and delve into your past year's listening trends, before many decide to broadcast them across social media channels.
This yearly event has become a sensation but bear in mind, your iPhone or Android must be updated with the latest Spotify version to access Wrapped. To do this, navigate over to the Apple App Store for iOS or Google Play Store for Android and check if Spotify requires an update, the Mirror reports.
Spotify Wrapped offers an interactive journey through the last 11 months, showcasing your top tunes and artists, all sharable directly to the likes of X, Instagram, or TikTok. And there's a twist this year – you'll find a new personalised podcast experience awaiting.
"From showing users how their taste in music evolved throughout the year to delivering their Wrapped results via a new personalised podcast experience, 2024 Spotify Wrapped is giving fans even more ways to indulge in what they love," said Spotify in its announcement.
 "Your tastes and moods change throughout the year-and so does the music you listen to. This new data story reveals the musical phases that uniquely defined your year. Users will receive up to three musical phases, which will be displayed with descriptors, genres and artists."
Like in 2023, select artists have also recorded special thank you videos for fans. Spotify will show you if you are among those musician’s top listeners globally. Participants include Billie Eilish, Usher and Sabrina Carpenter.
Although Wrapped is an incredibly personal viewing for each Spotify customer, Spotify has also revealed the most listened to artists, songs and albums this year in the UK.
UK Most-Streamed Artists:
UK Most-Streamed Songs:
UK Most-Streamed Albums:
UK Top Podcasts: