Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
The atmosphere at Rockefeller Plaza was unmistakably joyful on August 12.
To celebrate Hoda Kotb's 60th birthday, the TODAY Show threw an all-out bash with friends, special guests, and performances from two of Kotb's favorite bands, Sugarland and Little Big Town.
Both country groups were also celebrating huge milestones of their own. 
In honor of their 25th anniversary as a band, Little Big Town released their "Greatest Hits" album on August 9. 
On the same day, Sugarland dropped their new EP "There Goes The Neighborhood," their first release in six years. 
Best of all for fans of both bands, Sugarland and Little Big Town will team up once again for a joint tour beginning in October.
The chemistry between the two groups was undeniable when Little Big Town and Sugarland joined forces on the plaza to perform their cover of Phil Collins’ song “Take Me Home.”
Sugarland, which consists of singer-songwriter duo Kristian Bush, 54, and Jennifer Nettles, 49, have remained close friends with the members of Little Big Town throughout their long musical careers.
In fact, Little Big Town's Jimi Westbrook revealed in an interview after their joint performance that Sugarland gifted Little Big Town their first guitar packs so they could move around on stage early in their career. 
“This is why people love country music: It’s the community, it’s the sense of family,” Craig Melvin said.
Over twenty years after starting Sugarland, Bush, 54, and Nettles, 49, aren't quite ready to rest on their laurels — though they certainly have plenty.
Before taking a hiatus in 2012, Sugarland solidified its position as country music royalty with four certified platinum albums and five consecutive CMA Awards for Vocal Duo of the Year from 2007 to 2011.
For their performance on the plaza, Sugarland drew from both classics and fresh material, first performing their new song “There Goes The Neighborhood” before delighting the crowd with a rendition of their hit 2010 song “Stuck on You.”
Most of all, Nettles and Bush aren’t afraid to try new things, from working with outside songwriters for their latest music to sitting down to answer questions for TODAY's original video series "8 before 8."
Jennifer Nettles: I mean, to me, being on this tour is in the title of the tour: Take Me Home. You know, we love the road. We've been on the road so many years and to get to go back out on the road with these guys, which we did very early on in their career and ours, feels like home.
Kristian Bush: It does. The backstage, it feels as much home as our living room.
Bush: What I love about working when we work together is we like to do things we haven't done before. This was on our list, but we just never really thought about it this way. What is the one thing we can do to really shake it up? And because we've written everything pretty much in our whole career that has appeared on our records, we thought, well, these are these great songwriters and craftsmen in Nashville. Why don't we try to do it the way a lot of other people do it? Which is: Don't write them. And that's completely risky for us. And exciting. And that's why.
Nettles: Yeah, just to, you know, to be able to see what it would be like to be in the studio — of course, we love doing covers — but what would it be to be in the studio together as recording artists recording other people's songs.
Nettles: We keep it fresh. I don't know that there’s one I get tired of playing. There are a lot that I wish that we played that we don’t.
Bush: I think I have more of that problem. Like, why don’t we get to play this?
Nettles: I would love to play "Genevieve." 
Bush: I would love to play "One Blue Sky" again.
Nettles: There's so many.
Bush: I mean, we would welcome Coldplay. We would welcome U2. But it doesn't always have to be like that far.
Nettles: Those are iconic. I mean, Springsteen, Sting. Icons.
Bush: Just things we grew up listening to. It would be really cool to like, sit in a room and go make something with some of those people.
Nettles: Yeah, but also if I chose someone now, let's really shake it up, let's do Chappell Roan. Surely she likes country!
Nettles: First of all, I love a good love story. And I love a good love song. And being able to be a host on "Farmer Wants A Wife," even though for me I've never been big into reality television, especially not the dating shows. But when I looked at the credibility and the history of this show, they have you know, over 500 marriages and over 200 something children off of this show. So it's been around the world for a long time. It's just here for the first time. I've loved getting to be a little part of other people's love stories. That's fun.
Bush: I hope that Hoda wakes up after this birthday sort of celebration wears down a little bit and feels better than she has ever before. Just having a morning of just awesome. Yeah, that'd be my wish. 
Nettles: I hope that she eats all the cake, and I hope that she feels appreciated. Obviously she has so much gratitude in the world, but being appreciated for who you are, that just feels so good. So I hope she feels appreciated and celebrated.
Bush: I mean, we've been on the road our whole lives. So home has been the pillow that we're closest to. But it's kind of where your people are. 
Nettles: Home is the people, for sure. Luckily, they can also travel.
Nettles: (speaking to Rogers) You! I'm looking at you right now, girl. You — same curls, beside that haircut.
Bush: I don't know, somebody with a beard who plays guitar. Just pick one.
Bush: Mine was probably something by Holly Humberstone. I'm deeply obsessed at the moment.
Nettles: I saw that Amos Lee had a new record out, and I listened to it yesterday in the car. And then I also listened to Maren's (Morris) new EP.
Both: Chick-fil-A.
Bush: My brother and I are about to be in Europe. So it'll be good to get back to Edinburgh. I don't know, I just like places that are not home. Most recently I was in Seattle and I forgot how much I loved it.
Nettles: That's hard to answer. I mean, there's so many good ones. A lot of times, more than cities, I like venues. Because when we tour we don't really get to see a lot of the city. When you tour you see the venue — that's what you get to see.
Nettles: I think one of my favorites is Merriweather Post. They have a pool. They got little hammocks and stuff.
Bush: Yeah. You look out for us, we look out for you. Merriweather Post.
Associate Lifestyle Reporter
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.