Top Congressional Democrats reintroduce Equality Act on Trump’s 100th day in office
George Santos sentenced to 87 months in prison for fraud case
Democratic lawmakers travel to El Salvador, demand information about gay Venezuelan asylum seeker
Goodlander endorses Pappas’s Senate bid
EXCLUSIVE: Garcia demands answers on deportation of gay Venezuelan asylum seeker
D.C. liquor board extends drinking hours for WorldPride
Episcopal bishop to speak at WorldPride human rights conference
Pabllo Vittar to perform at WorldPride
$3.7 billion RFK stadium proposal draws support from Team DC
Welcome home: DC LGBTQ Center opens its doors to healing and hope
RFK Jr.’s HHS report pushes therapy, not medical interventions, for trans youth
Trump nominates Mike Waltz to become next UN ambassador
Second federal lawsuit filed against White House passport policy
HHS to retire 988 crisis lifeline for LGBTQ youth
Supreme Court hears oral arguments in LGBTQ education case
Executive director of LGBTQ Catholic group to travel to Rome for conclave
LGBTQ activist murdered in Lesotho
LGBTQ Kashmiri students targeted after terrorist attack
Potential Pope Francis successor views homosexuality as an ‘abomination’
Liberal Party wins Canadian election
INDIGNACIÓN: ¡El transfeminicidio de Sara Millerey en Colombia nos cuestiona como sociedad!
Suspensión de fondos de USAID golpea con fuerza a grupos LGBTQ en El Salvador
El suicidio de Rick: bullying, homofobia y una madre que busca justicia
Mujeres diversas marchan en El Salvador exigiendo justicia e igualdad en el 8M
Noboa y González van a segunda vuelta en Ecuador: ¿cuáles son sus propuestas LGBTQ?
PDAB: A mysterious acronym that could affect your health
TRAITOR: Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has blood on his hands
Congressional Equality Caucus should participate in WorldPride
How I changed my documents
We must show up to WorldPride 2025 in D.C.
PHOTOS: Victory Fund National Champagne Brunch
Tom Goss returns with ‘Bear Friends Furever Tour’
Calendar: May 2-8
English soccer bans transgender women from women’s teams
Theatre Prometheus spreads queer joy with ‘Galatea’
No, ‘Mid-Century Modern’ is not a ‘Golden Girls’ remake
Queer TV to watch this spring
Putting off watching ‘Monsters?’ You’re missing out
PBS ‘Disco’ is a Pride party you don’t want to miss
Lesbian road movie returns with campy ‘Dolls’
Union Market’s Last Call Bar a welcoming oasis for all
RAMMYs honors restaurant industry professionals
Behind the bar with Moon Rabbit’s Thi Nguyen
My Rehoboth Beach culinary tour
New D.C. restaurants opening just in time for spring
Theatre Prometheus spreads queer joy with ‘Galatea’
Timely comedy ‘Fake It’ focuses on Native American themes
‘Bad Books’ a timely look at censorship in local library
STC’s ‘Vanya’  puts pleasing twist on Chekhov classic
Out actor Ángel Lozado on his new role in ‘In the Heights’
Jacob Elordi rides high in ‘On Swift Horses’
Infectious ‘Egghead & Twinkie’ celebrates love and allyship
Heartfelt ‘Wedding Banquet’ remake a romcom worth seeing
An ‘Indian Boy’ challenges family tradition in sweet romcom
Sexy small town secrets surface in twisty French ‘Misericordia’
Tom Goss returns with ‘Bear Friends Furever Tour’
Kylie brings ‘Tension’ tour to D.C.
Busy season for live music in D.C.
Pride concert to take place at Strathmore after Kennedy Center rescinds invitation
J. Lo, Troye Sivan, RuPaul added to WorldPride Music Festival
Chronicling disastrous effects of ‘conversion therapy’
How one gay Catholic helped change the world
‘Pronoun Trouble’ reminds us that punctuation matters
New book helps vulnerable people to stay safe
‘Hurt Capital’ chronicles young life of bipolar, trans writer
PHOTOS: Victory Fund National Champagne Brunch
PHOTOS: Cherry ‘Fire’
PHOTOS: Night of Champions
PHOTOS: Mr., Mx, & Miss Capital Pride Pageant
PHOTOS: La Loca
April showers bring May flowers in life — and in real estate
Spring updates to sell your home for pride and profit
Navigating DMV real estate market during political unrest
New trends for old kitchens
Spring cleaning your rental relationship
US contributes more than $90 million to fight mpox outbreak in Africa
Mpox outbreak in Africa declared global health emergency
White House urged to expand PrEP coverage for injectable form
Young gay Latinos see rising share of new HIV cases, leading to call for targeted funding
Asian American and LGBTQ: A Heritage of Pride
US contributes more than $90 million to fight mpox outbreak in Africa
Mpox outbreak in Africa declared global health emergency
White House urged to expand PrEP coverage for injectable form
Young gay Latinos see rising share of new HIV cases, leading to call for targeted funding
Asian American and LGBTQ: A Heritage of Pride
New Mexico guv signs marijuana legalization
Delaware cannabis activists take on corporate marijuana
Virginia marijuana legalization takes effect July 1
Highstream 420 Festival Livestream
Cannabis Culture
NEW YEAR NEW YOU 2020: Local VIDA master trainer on trends, tips and technology at the gym
Why a personalized diet can help you achieve better results
Al Roker blasts Jillian Michaels for criticizing Keto diet
Make 2019 your year for fitness
Raising healthy adults starts now
14th District state House candidate sees 2024 as ‘femininomenon’
Published
on
By
Following a close three-way primary race in Delaware’s 14th District, voters chose Claire Snyder-Hall to face Republican Mike Simpler in November for control of the district’s seat in the Delaware House of Representatives. 
Snyder-Hall sat down with the Blade after winning the primary to discuss her plans for the general election, her goals moving forward, and why she dubs this election “the year of the woman.”
“I decided to run because I felt really overwhelmed by all of the negative things that are happening in the world,” Snyder-Hall said when asked about why she decided to get involved in local politics. “While I loved my job as the head of Common Cause Delaware and working on democracy agenda in Delaware, there’s a range of other issues I care deeply about, and I just felt like I have to do something.”
For five years, Snyder-Hall led the Delaware office of Common Cause, a non-partisan organization dedicated to strengthening democracy across the state. Prior to her work at Common Cause, she taught political science at schools across the country for 20 years, including Princeton University, Rutgers University, Hunter College, Illinois State University, New College of Florida, and most recently George Mason University. She explained that because of her experience she stood out against her opponents.   
“The challenge when you’re running in a Democratic primary is to differentiate yourself,” Snyder-Hall said. “I have, because of my five years as the head of Common Cause Delaware. I’ve developed a strong network of good relationships on the ground in Dover.” 
Those relationships, she argues, will allow her to make the changes at the state level during a time that has been described — to put it lightly — as politically tumultuous. 
“This is the most important election of our lifetime. Choice is on the ballot. LGBTQ+ rights are on the ballot. Democracy is on the ballot,” Snyder-Hall said. “And in eastern Sussex [County] our quality of life is on the ballot. And I just felt like I had to do something positive.”
That positive thing, Snyder-Hall explained, involves her three-part plan to protect rights in Delaware. 
“There are three really important components of this job, and I take all of them very seriously. One is advocating for your district. Making sure that our district gets the money we need.” 
In June, the Delaware House passed its 2025 Operating Budget of $6.1 billion to support critical programs across the state. If Snyder-Hall wins, she wants to see some of that money going to the state’s neediest residents. 
“Things like more long-term care options, more mental health services, drug treatment, wraparound services,” she explained are at the top of her list. 
In addition to those services, she highlighted the plight of many trans youth. A recent study of anti-trans legislation from The Williams Institute has found that 93% of transgender youth ages 13-17 in the U.S., (an estimated 280,300 transgender youth) live in states that have passed or proposed banning access to gender-affirming care.
“We have a lot of trans people who are moving to Delaware, fleeing persecution in other states. We want to make sure we have the services that are needed to get them up, going, and situated in the community.” Snyder-Hall said. “First thing, bringing resources back.” 
“The second thing,” she continued, “is serving constituents. When constituents have a problem they need to have somebody that can call. Unfortunately, a lot of times it takes a phone call to your elected official to get something going.”  
“And then the third thing, and this is one that I think sometimes doesn’t get enough attention, is that I want to be at the table when the laws are made for the state,” Snyder-Hall added. “So as a rep, I’m representing my district, but I’m also a participant in the overall governance of the state, and all three of those components are important for the job.”
 In addition to the three components of doing the job properly, Snyder-Hall also pointed out she wants to help change the way campaigns are run in the state following Lt. Gov. Bethany Hall-Long’s finance scandal. Last year, the Associated Press discovered Hall-Long failed to disclose hundreds of thousands of dollars in loans in her finance reports.
“Campaign finance reform is a big one, particularly in light of some of the things that have happened recently in Delaware,” Snyder-Hall said. “I’d like to see the creation of an inspector general’s office to look for fraud, waste and abuse, and corruption. It would be a nonpartisan office so it’s not somebody’s political career.” 
Snyder-Hall was able to secure the Democratic primary win without the endorsement of longtime incumbent District 14 Rep. Pete Schwartzkopf, who has held the seat since 2002. Schwartzkopf has been a longtime LGBTQ ally, supporting marriage equality, non-discrimination protections, and hate crime legislation in the Delaware House. He also served as  Speaker of the House. 
Schwartzkopf endorsed Kathy McGuiness, who came in third in the primary with 26.91% of votes (1,238 votes) following Marty Rendon in second with 31.83% of the votes (1,464 votes). Snyder-Hall won with 41.26% of votes (1,898 votes).  
Snyder-Hall mentioned that this win would not have been possible without the LGBTQ community in Sussex County. 
“I want to say that the lesbian community came out extremely strongly to support our campaign,” she said. “We have a very large community here, not just in Rehoboth and my district, but even spreading out to the west and south. They supported me financially, very generously. They volunteered for me. They spread the word. They lifted me up. I’m so appreciative of their strength in that community. And also, it wasn’t just that. I also have a big network of gay male friends and straight friends.” 
Snyder-Hall said that the number of votes she got speaks to her community’s aspirations for a leader.  
“One reason I think that the women’s community came out so strongly for me, is because they know that I will represent not just the people that live in my district, but I’ll be representing our interests as women, as lesbians, and as Delawareans,” she added.
 She also explained that this could be an indication of a “femininomenon” — to use lesbian pop star Chappell Roan’s made-up word — in government offices across the country. 
“We’re going to get Kamala Harris as the first woman president. We’re going to get Sarah McBride and LBR (Lisa Blunt Rochester). LBR will be the first woman senator [from Delaware]. And, you know, hopefully Claire Snyder-Hall from the 14th. I’m very proud to be the first woman nominated to be the representative for District 14, and I’m also the first lesbian nominated to represent District 14.” 
Blunt Rochester is poised to become Delaware’s first Black person and first woman Senator. Sarah McBride is slated to be the first transgender person elected to Congress.
“Sarah McBride is incredible. She is a star. She has it all. She has the part you can learn and the part you can’t learn,” Snyder-Hall said. “She’s going to be an incredible congressperson. She’s so young, and she’s going to be the first trans congressperson. She’s got it all. She’s super smart, charismatic, just good with people, good with communications. I think it’s really fantastic.” 
She added that she was not surprised by this, which is one of the reasons she loves her state. 
“Delaware is a very, very pro-LGBTQ+ state, and I think that it’s not a surprise that our first trans congressperson would come from Delaware.”
Delaware’s general election is set for Tuesday, Nov. 5. Voters will determine the race for the District 14 seat, the open congressional seat, and the Senate seat. This pivotal day will shape the state’s representation at both the state and national levels. For Snyder-Hall, this fight means more than just the office, but progress for Delawareans. “I knocked on thousands of doors all over the district. And the thing is it’s not one person’s story, but just the connection, being able to look someone in the eye and talk about the district and what we can do to make things better, that’s the thing that keeps me going,” Snyder-Hall said. “Knowing that I can help people.”
GOP candidate in Del. House race expresses LGBTQ support
Sarah McBride wins Democratic primary, poised to make history
PHOTOS: Victory Fund National Champagne Brunch
Top Congressional Democrats reintroduce Equality Act on Trump’s 100th day in office
David Hogg’s arrogant, self-indulgent stunt
Body to ‘strengthen ties’ between government and community        
Published
on
By
Delaware Gov. Bethany Hall-Long on Jan. 16 signed and issued an executive order creating a Delaware State LGBTQ+ Commission that she said will hold public forums for the exchange of ideas on the needs of the state’s diverse LGBTQ community.
“The nine-member commission will serve to strengthen ties between the government and LGBTQ+ organizations,” a statement released by the governor’s office says.
The statement adds that the new commission will “help remove barriers to societal participation for LGBTQ+ people and improve the delivery of services to the community in Delaware to areas such as employment, equality, education, and mental health.”
It says that members of the commission will be appointed by the governor and serve without monetary compensation for a three-year term.
According to the statement, the commission members “will represent different facets of the LGBTQ+ community, taking into account age, race, gender, identity, background, life experiences and other factors, and reflect the geographic diversity of the state.”
Hall-Long’s executive order creating the new commission came at a time when she is serving in effect as interim governor for a period of just two weeks. As lieutenant governor, she became governor on Jan. 7 when outgoing Gov. John Carney resigned to take office in his newly elected position of mayor of Wilmington.
Carney, who served two terms as governor, could not run again for that position under Delaware’s term limit law. Democrat Matt Myer won the governor’s election in November and will be sworn in as Delaware’s next governor on Jan. 21, when Hall-Long will step down.
Myer was expected to appoint the commission members in the weeks following his assumption of gubernatorial duties.
“Ultimately, the commission will advise the governor, members of the governor’s Cabinet, members of the General Assembly, and other policymakers on the effect of agency policies, procedures, practices, laws, and administrative rules on the unique challenges and needs of LGBTQ+ people,”  the statement released by Hall-Long’s office says.
“It is truly an honor to bring this commission to fruition, and I am very excited to see the positive changes the commission will make in the lives of our LGBTQ+ neighbors,” Hall-Long said in the statement.
David Mariner, executive director of Sussex Pride, an LGBTQ advocacy group based in Delaware’s Sussex County, which includes Rehoboth Beach, praised the new executive order as an important step in advancing LGBTQ equality.
“It is my hope that through this commission, we can address the critical issues facing LGBTQ Delawareans,” Mariner said in his own statement.
“This includes developing an LGBTQ health report with a tangible roadmap to health equity, increasing collaboration and communication on hate crimes and hate-related activities, and ensuring that nondiscrimination protections, guaranteed by law, are a reality for all of our residents,” he said.
The statement announcing the LGBTQ+ Commission and the full text of the executive order can be accessed here. 
Blade editor among journalists participating in Wednesday event
Published
on
By
LEWES, Del. — Speak Out Against Hate (SOAH) will hold its bi-monthly community meeting at 5 p.m. on Nov. 13 at the Lewes Library and via Zoom. The meeting will concentrate on the role of the press in responding to the divisiveness and rising tide of hatred in our country and communities. 
The meeting will feature a panel of journalists comprised of Chris Rauch, owner and publisher of the Cape Gazette; Benjamin Rothstein, journalist at the Daily State News and its sister paper the Greater Dover Independent; Kevin Naff, editor and co-owner of the Washington Blade; and Jake Owens, editor-in-chief of Spotlight Delaware.
Patty Maloney, president of SOAH said, “Following a national and state elections that saw our country nearly evenly divided, this important discussion with our local press will shine a light upon the role of the press locally and nationally in confronting the obvious chasm within our citizenry.”
For more information about the event and to register, please visit Speak Out Against Hate at soah-de.org.
Speak Out Against Hate was formed to confront and counter the rising tide of hate, whenever and wherever it exists.
Owners win top honors from Delaware Restaurant Association
Published
on
By
The Comings & Goings column is about sharing the professional successes of our community. We want to recognize those landing new jobs, new clients for their business, joining boards of organizations and other achievements. Please share your successes with us at [email protected]. 
The Comings & Goings column also invites LGBTQ college students to share their successes with us. If you have been elected to a student government position, gotten an exciting internship, or are graduating and beginning your career with a great job, let us know so we can share your success. 
Congratulations to Second Block Hospitality, winners of the Delaware Restaurant Association’s designation as Restaurateurs of the Year. This award was won by business partners Lion Gardner, David Gonce, Tyler Townsend, and Bob Suppies, whose Second Block Hospitality restaurants include Bodhi Kitchen, The Pines, and Drift, all in Rehoboth Beach, Del.
“The partners of Second Block Hospitality, each bring unique expertise from diverse business backgrounds, and have successfully united to create a flourishing restaurant group in downtown Rehoboth Beach. Their first venture, The Pines, was inspired by the rich history and hospitality of old Rehoboth Beach, where pine trees meet the ocean. Their newest ventures, Drift Seafood & Raw Bar, and Bodhi Kitchen, showcase sophisticated seafood and Asian-inspired street food, earning awards, accolades, and features in top regional publications. Driven by a mission of hospitality, innovation, and community, the team exemplifies the qualities honored by the Restaurateurs of the Year Award, celebrating their passion, diversity, and creativity in Delaware’s dining scene.”
Townsend said, “The entire team at Second Block Hospitality is thrilled to have won Restaurateurs of the Year. Since 2018, we have worked hard to bring the very best in dining, cocktails, entertainment, and décor.” 
Suppies added, “Yes, winning this award truly validates we are on the right path to keep bringing innovative design paired with amazing food and drinks. More is coming from Second Block for sure.”
TRAITOR: Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has blood on his hands
Potential Pope Francis successor views homosexuality as an ‘abomination’
Jacob Elordi rides high in ‘On Swift Horses’
Liberal Party wins Canadian election
© Copyright Brown, Naff, Pitts Omnimedia, Inc. 2021. All rights reserved | Powered by Keynetik.