What happened to showing support by voting?
Share Options
Share a link too this article
Yeah, let me just forward these threats…
Chappell Roan has recently gotten in trouble for calling out the harassers that justify their behavior by being “super fans.” She’s totally right. Parasocial obsessions and celebrity worship is weird and doesn’t excuse behavior that otherwise would be illegal. Case in point: threatening to kidnap, assault, and kill people on Trump’s behalf. His fans have been doing this for a while, remember the Zip Tie Guy who sieged the Capitol with his mom in tow? It would be great if that extreme Trumpism died out in 2021, but we aren’t in that timeline. We’re in the one where people are getting caught threatening judges who dare to hold Trump to the rule of law. Reuters has coverage:
A man from Illinois has been charged with making violent threats against a federal judge in the Florida district that has handled Donald Trump’s classified documents case, according to an indictment made public on Thursday.
Eric James Rennert, 65, is facing five federal charges in the indictment which accuses him of communicating interstate threats and threatening to assault, kidnap and murder a federal judge.

					Learn legal trust accounting best practices to ensure compliance and protect client funds. Discover expert tips to set your firm up for success.				
I know that we all like to play the “an FBI agent is tracking all of the messages I send” game whenever we compile a message (we all just assume that by now, right?), but if you mail threats to a judge… the government is definitely going to get a hold of it! There are better ways to get catharsis than ending up in a jail cell. Like watching Josh Johnson make fun of Trump. I know that they’re at Trump’s expense, but they are just jokes after all. And the reason he became president.
Man Charged For Threatening US Judge In Florida District That Heard Trump Case [Reuters]
Chris Williams became a social media manager and assistant editor for Above the Law in June 2021. Prior to joining the staff, he moonlighted as a minor Memelord™ in the Facebook group Law School Memes for Edgy T14s.  He endured Missouri long enough to graduate from Washington University in St. Louis School of Law. He is a former boatbuilder who cannot swim, a published author on critical race theory, philosophy, and humor, and has a love for cycling that occasionally annoys his peers. You can reach him by email at [email protected] and by tweet at @WritesForRent.
This tweak to your financial management seems like a no-brainer. 
Want more time for what matters most? MyCase streamlines your firm so you can focus on winning cases. See how much time you could save with our Law Firm Time Savings Calculator—try it now!
Lexis Create+ merges legacy drafting tools with AI-powered assistance from Protégé and secure DMS integration enabled by the Henchman acquisition.
About
Newsletters

			© 2025 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.