"I have been quietly spending the summer recuperating at home, and am feeling positive about the progress I have made in my healing and recovery thus far"
Sir Elton John has revealed that he dealt with a “severe eye infection” that left him with “limited vision” in one of his eyes.
The pop icon took to his official Instagram account to share a statement explaining his current vision issues and how they came to be. He explained that the issues arose during this summer and shared that he is slowly healing.
“l’ve been dealing with a severe eye infection that has unfortunately left me with only limited vision in one eye. I am healing, but it’s an extremely slow process and it will take some time before sight returns to the impacted eye,” began his statement.
A post shared by Elton John (@eltonjohn)
He continued: “I am so grateful for the excellent team of doctors and nurses and my family, who have taken such good care of me over the last several weeks. I have been quietly spending the summer recuperating at home, and am feeling positive about the progress I have made in my healing and recovery thus far.”
Last year, the ‘Crocodile Rock’ hitmaker officially retired from touring. His Farewell Yellow Brick Road Tour began in 2018 and finally wrapped in Stockholm in July 2023, earning over $900million (£708million) in gross ticket sales. At the time of its conclusion, it was the highest grossing tour of all time, but has since been overtaken by Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour and Coldplay’s Music Of The Spheres Tour.
John performed at the 2023 edition of Glastonbury which marked his last ever UK show. In a five-star review of the legendary performance, NME shared: “‘I’m so happy to be here,’ he says, profoundly touched. ‘I’m never gonna forget this.’ None of us will. Sir Elton left everything on the field. It was a Glasto set for the ages from a true all-time great. We’ll never see his kind again. So long, Rocketman – and thank you.”
A post shared by Elton John (@eltonjohn)
Elsewhere, back in May, John’s writing partner Bernie Taupin said Elton was preparing to surprise release his 32nd studio album. “Elton and I have an album coming out very soon, but I daren’t say anything about it because I’m under strict orders to keep schtum. It’s all done and recorded,” he said. “I think it’s quite brilliant and quite contemporary and it will certainly surprise a lot of people and excite a lot of people and hopefully be successful.”
It was also announced that the pop legend’s upcoming documentary film Never Too Late will be coming to Disney+ this December.
The film follows the musician as he reflects on his life and 50-year career as he prepared for his final North American stadium show at Los Angeles’ Dodger Stadium in November 2022, which was also livestreamed on Disney+.
In other news, John recently congratulated Chappell Roan on her chart success, describing her work as “brilliant pop music that brings the world together at a much needed time”.
He also recently celebrated 34 years of sobriety, sharing a picture online of his Alcoholics Anonymous coin, and sharing that “my life has never been better”.
Elton has also chosen to be politically outspoken this summer, formally endorsing Keir Starmer and the Labour Party at the recent UK general election, and joined Joe Biden at the opening of the Stonewall National Monument Visitor Center in June.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.