By
Chris Piner
Uploading songs on the internet as a teenager, Chappell Roan dreamed of performing on the stage in front of thousands. Never losing her drive, the singer eventually found her way to the stage as she released her debut album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess. Releasing songs like “Pink Pony Club” and “Hot To Go!”, Roan gained high praise from fans as she took over the airwaves. And not wanting to slow down, the singer is already teasing her next album and how it comes packed with songs from numerous genres. 
While not wanting to be placed into a certain genre of music, Roan sat down with Rolling Stone to discuss her future work. She said, “We have a country song. We have a dancy song. We have one that’s really Eighties, and we have one that’s acoustic, and we have one that’s really organic, live-band, Seventies vibe. It’s super weird.”
Besides Roan, her manager, Nick Bobetsky, explained how the singer stayed focused on writing new music. “She’s been busy writing. I do think that we’re likely going to embrace a very similar plan that we did for this album, which is that when she finishes a song she loves, we put our heads together and quickly work to get that music out. That’s what we did with ‘Good Luck Babe.’”
[RELATED: Chappell Roan Resells Tickets Bought by Scalpers for Franklin, TN Show]
With the rise of streaming sites like Spotify, many artists suggested there is no need to release an entire album given fans can listen however they want. But for Roan, she continues to create an entire piece of work. Bobetsky said, “Chappell Roan is absolutely an album artist. I think that’s what people want from her, big picture. I don’t think that takes away from the impact of singles. It’s partly a question of when the fans are asking for an album, and we have a lot of insight into that sort of thing. There are arguments to be had about how you build an album out these days. Sometimes putting a record out with no lead-up singles can be very impactful.”
While ending his thoughts on Roan, Bobetsky pointed to the connection between the singer and her fans. “I think right now Chappell wants to feel free to put music out when it’s ready and when she’s excited about letting people hear it. And I think that’s what the fans want as well.”
(Photo by Erika Goldring/WireImage)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand