The singer-songwriter was set to perform at All Things Go Festival.
Jessica is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where she covers TV, movies, and pop culture. Her work has appeared in Bustle, NYLON, Cosmopolitan, InStyle, and more. She lives in California with her dog.
 Chappell Roan will no longer be performing at the All Things Go Festival this weekend, citing a need to prioritize her health after what she calls an overwhelming past few weeks.

 "I apologize to people who have been waiting to see me in NYC and DC this weekend at All Things Go, but I am unable to perform," the singer-songwriter said in a social media statement shared Friday. "Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it."

 "I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health," added Roan. "I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible. Thank you for understanding."

 All Things Go, which takes place this Saturday and Sunday in both Washington, D.C., and New York, NY, shared a statement of support on social media: "We support you Chappell Roan."

 "All Things Go strongly supports artists prioritizing their well-being and we ask our community to rally around Chappell Roan with love and understanding," the festival continued. "Let's continue to show the world that music fans support not just the art, but the artists themselves."

Erika Goldring/WireImage
 The festival stop was part of Roan's ongoing, expanded Midwest Princess Tour, spanning North America and Europe and launched in promotion of her debut album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess.

 The cancellations come after the frustrated "Good Luck, Babe!" singer clarified misconstrued comments she made about the 2024 presidential election, wherein she said that she did not feel "pressured to endorse" any candidate and that there were "problems on both side." Roan also called on folks to "use your critical thinking skills" and vote.

 In response to the backlash on what was perceived as political neutrality, Roan clarified in a recent TikTok that, yes, "I'm voting for f---ing Kamala" Harris, and "no, I'm not voting for Trump," but it's important to distinguish that she will "always question those in power, and those making decisions over other people. I will stand up for what's right and what I believe in. It's always at the forefront of my project, and I'm sorry that you fell for the clickbait."

Chappell Roan/Instagram
 Citing the "left’s completely transphobic and completely genocidal views," Roan added, “I’m not gonna settle for what the options are that are in front of me, and you are not gonna make me feel bad for that."

 The artist has also been outspoken about her rapid rise to fame and the lack of boundaries that have come with it, calling out inappropriate behavior from fans she encounters off the stage. "I've been in too many nonconsensual physical and social interactions, and I just need to lay it out and remind you, women don't owe you s---," she wrote in a social media statement over the summer. "I chose this career path because I love music and art and honoring my inner child. I do not accept harassment of any kind because I chose this path, nor do I deserve it."

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)