She’s back! Tyra Banks just walked in the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show for the first time in two decades.
Source: Dimitrios Kambouris / Getty
After retiring from modeling back in 2005, the 50-year-old made her highly-anticipated return to the catwalk on Tuesday, Oct. 15.
Source: Dimitrios Kambouris / Getty
This also marks Banks’ 10th time appearing in the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show, having walked in nine shows with the brand before her retirement nearly 20 years ago.
Source: Slaven Vlasic / Getty
Source: Slaven Vlasic / Getty
To the tune of “Native New Yorker, ” Tyra made her way across the stage while dressed in a bedazzled bustier, a silver cape, and matching black leggings and heels.
Source: TheStewartofNY / Getty
The former America’s Next Top Model host’s return also marks a big milestone for the show itself, returning to the runway after a six-year hiatus.
The lingerie company’s annual event, which features its roster of models known as “angels,” was a beloved institution from 1995 to 2018. In 2019, executives canceled the event following backlash due to the body positivity, transgender rights, and #MeToo movements.
Source: ANGELA WEISS / Getty
Fast forward to May 2024, when Victoria’s Secret announced the show would make its return in the fall. At the time, the company said its values had shifted and promised the updated event would “reflect who we are today, plus everything you know and love — the glamour, runway, wings, musical entertainment, and more,” according to NPR.
Before taking the stage, Tyra previously helped tease the show’s return with another famous model, Gigi Hadid.
The pair announced the news on Instagram back in August with a video soundtracked by Chappell Roan, which shows Hadid accepting an invitation from Banks to walk in the show.
Another star who made waves at last night’s show was Tyla, performing her viral hit “Water” along with “PUSH 2 START,” while donning a beautiful set and matching garter.
Source: Taylor Hill / Getty
The 22-year-old accessorized her look with a pair of sparkling heels, and of course, a pair of huge, fluffy white Angel wings.
Ahead of the show, Tyla told Rolling Stone that she was “captivated” by the fashion show growing up, loving the event for its “stunning outfits” and “iconic wings.”
“Now, I’m thrilled to be performing on this nostalgic and legendary stage,” she continued. “What’s even more exciting is the celebration of diversity, showcasing a broader range of beauty, which makes this moment truly special.”
The Grammy-winner was just one of the musicians in the fashion show’s 2024 lineup as the event returned from its hiatus with an all-women musical lineup. Other performances included Cher and Lisa.
Source: TheStewartofNY / Getty
RELATED CONTENT: Past To Present: 8 Black Fashion Icons That Served Before Serving Was A Thing

									Screams & Symbolism: Black Horror Scholars Break Down The Cultural Chills of 'Sinners'								

									Terrence Howard Bashed For Rejecting Marvin Gaye Biopic Over Gay Kiss Scene								

									Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Sparks Meme Madness With Rodeo Runway Looks & Family Vibes								

									Salt-N-Pepa Push It Real Good To The Hall Of Fame: Hip-Hop Icons Honored For Trailblazing Legacy								

									Cassie Claims Diddy’s Pressing For Her Memoir And Money Statements								

									Torrei Hart Enters the Chat: New Podcast Launches on Urban One Network								

									No Scrubs, Just Stars: TLC’s 'CrazySexyCool' Musical Is Headed To Broadway								

									Tyra Banks Thinks Taylor Swift Should Replace Whitney Houston In 'The Bodyguard' Remake — And The Internet Is Pissed								
We've joined the BHM Digital family of websites and have updated our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
					By continuing to use this site, you agree to our updated Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends,
					black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women
					seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship
					advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that.

An Urban One Brand 

MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2025 BossipMadameNoire, LLC All Rights Reserved  | BHM Digital