The trailer teases a festive road trip, with Zane Lowe chauffeuring his celebrity passengers from Tokyo to Missouri to Los Angeles.

													By
												

	Jessica Lynch


	The holiday season just got brighter with the surprise release of A Carpool Karaoke Christmas, now streaming on Apple TV+.

	Starring Lady Gaga, Dua Lipa, Chappell Roan, the festive installment of the Emmy-winning Carpool Karaoke: The Series dropped on Dec. 15, delighting fans with holiday cheer and star-studded musical moments.

	Hosted by Zane Lowe, who was handed the keys by James Cordon via a phone call in the trailer’s beginning scene, the hour-long special takes viewers on a whirlwind global caroling adventure. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Chappell Roan		
					






















	
		
					Dua Lipa		
					






















	
		
					Lady Gaga		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The trailer teases a festive road trip, with Lowe chauffeuring his celebrity passengers from Tokyo to Missouri to Los Angeles. Along the way, the trio shares candid conversations, heartfelt moments, and lively renditions of holiday classics and chart-topping hits.

	










	Lady Gaga, who recently dominated the Billboard charts with her global smash “Die With a Smile,” revisited her saucy 2008 single “Christmas Tree.” Known for its cheeky lyrics, Gaga calls it her idea of a family singalong with a wink. The journey ends with Gaga and Lowe performing a spirited rendition of “Santa Claus Is Coming to Town” with her band, a performance now available as a standalone audio track.

	Dua Lipa jumps in next for the Tokyo leg of the adventure, sharing a karaoke version of the Ronettes’ “Sleigh Ride” alongside her own mega-hit “New Rules,” her first top 10 hit on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at No. 6 and Lipa also reflects on her rise to fame, recounting how a Katy Perry concert inspired her to pursue a career on the world’s biggest stages.

	Chappell Roan’s portion of the special is as heartfelt as it is fun. Taking Lowe on a tour of her family farm in Missouri, Roan introduces a chicken named after Lady Gaga before hitting the road with her parents for a singalong of “Pink Pony Club,” as well as her take on Wham! classic “Last Christmas.”  Emotional moments surface as Roan’s parents share their pride in her artistry and message of inclusivity, calling her a beacon of love and acceptance.

	“I started to tear up just listening to her sing it just now,” says Roan’s mother, Kara. “We love her so much and we’re so proud of what she does and who she is and what she stands for. I love singing it with her at her shows and I love it when you can just see the people just respond to that song so much. And even when we’re grown up, we really care about what our parents think about us.”

	The festive edition of Carpool Karaoke continues the franchise’s tradition of bringing major star power and holiday spirit, with Lady Gaga, Dua Lipa, and Chappell Roan making the special a must-watch event. A Carpool Karaoke Christmas is now available to stream exclusively on Apple TV+. 

	










	Watch the trailer for A Carpool Karaoke Christmas here.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.