Jersey Evening Post

					Jersey Evening Post				
Wham! have marked a 10th non-consecutive week at the top of the UK singles chart with Last Christmas.
Pop duo George Michael and Andrew Ridgeley’s festive favourite made chart history this year when Last Christmas became the first song to be crowned Christmas number one two years in a row.
It had a 39-year wait to secure the coveted title last year after it was first released in December 1984.
Mariah Carey is at number two with All I Want For Christmas Is You (Yui Mok/PA)

Ridgeley told the Official Charts last week that Michael would be “utterly delighted” the song had become a festive classic.
As Last Christmas continues at number one, Mariah Carey has moved up to second place with All I Want For Christmas Is You.
Carey reached the top of the charts with the song in 2020, but was beaten to the summit by East 17’s Stay Another Day upon its release in 1994.
This week, Little Bit Of Love singer Tom Grennan’s new track It Can’t Be Christmas, a collaboration with Amazon Music Original, has gone from fourth place to third place.
The rest of the list saw festive favourites Brenda Lee’s 1958 hit Rockin’ Around The Christmas Tree at number four, and 1957 song Jingle Bell Rock by Bobby Helms at number five.
Michael Buble is at number one  in the album chart (Ian West/PA)

Over in the album charts, Canadian singer Michael Buble returned to number one after missing out on the top spot last week, when US pop star Sabrina Carpenter secured the Christmas number one album title with Short N’ Sweet.
This week, Carpenter’s record has moved to number two, as fellow pop stars also dominate the top five in the album charts before New Year’s Eve is celebrated next week.
SZA returns at number three with her album SOS, while fellow US star Chappell Roan, who had a breakout year, falls to fourth place with her debut The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess.
British singer Charli XCX claims fifth place this week with her culture-shaping album Brat, which inspired the “Brat Summer” trend.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Read the Homelife, Le Rocher and a whole host of other subjects like ranging from cycling to travel.
news@jerseyeveningpost.com