Sabrina Carpenter is no stranger to the idea that sex sells, and she proved this in her new Netflix special, “A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter,” released on Dec. 6. The 50-minute special featured cheeky jokes about “stockings well-hung” and vibrating gift boxes. The “Espresso“ singer deliberately delivered jokes that combined humor and holiday spirit. 
With songs from Carpenter’s 2023 holiday EP “Fruitcake,” exciting renditions of classic Christmas carols with big names like Tyla and hilarious “Saturday Night Live” type skits, the special was the perfect way to spend a holiday night with the girls and the gays — a joke hinted at by Carpenter before her “cindy lou who“ performance. 
It was no “Silent Night,” as it featured four original Fruitcake songs. It opened with “buy me presents,” later followed by “santa doesn’t know you like i do,” “cindy lou who” and “A Nonsense Christmas.” Carpenter’s musical talent is remarkable enough to stand alone, but what’s the fun in that? The star brought out several exciting guests throughout the night to perform timeless Christmas tunes and participate in hilarious skits.
One duet performance that has gained significant online attention is with Chappell Roan. Their partnership captivated audiences with beautiful harmony as they sang karaoke to “Last Christmas“ while strolling around a messy, post-party living room. Both singers are nominated for the 2025 Best New Artist Grammy and have taken the internet by storm this past year. The performance was particularly exciting for fangirls worldwide because both artists share similar fanbases.
Other performances from the night included “Santa Baby“ featuring Shania Twain, “This Christmas“ with Tyla and “I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus” performed alongside Kali Uchis.
The celebrity cameos did not stop there, though. In between the thrilling musical performances, viewers enjoyed witty skits featuring Carpenter and various others. 
In a playful sketch that poked fun at the idea of being ghosted by a boy, Carpenter portrayed the “Ghosted Past” with “Abbott Elementary” star Quinta Brunson by her side as the “Ghosted Present.” After a few minutes of back-and-forth with the ex-boyfriend and current boyfriend, “Ebby Scrooge,” model Cara Delevingne appeared as the “Ghosted Future.” As her character began to show interest in “Scrooge,” Carpenter and Brunson quickly warned her that she would likely be ghosted.
Other sketches from the night included one featuring actors Sean Astin and Owen Thiele. In this sketch, Carpenter introduces her new boyfriend, Nick, who turns out to be Santa Claus. As her friends try to explain that she is dating Santa, Carpenter insists she is not. 
Another highlight featured director Kyle Mooney, in which an auto-tuned Christmas jingle unexpectedly turns into a panic over what Carpenter should get her stepbrother for Christmas.
The music and skits from the night would be incomplete without Carpenter’s raunchy innuendos. The pop princess has never shied away from this in the past. Her “Juno“ concert performance is a telling example, where she asks the audience, “Have you ever tried this one?” as she imitates a sexual position.
However, Carpenter assured audience members that the show is family-friendly and that you could even watch with your auntie, as long as she’s okay with some talk about panties. 
The special featured jokes like Santa Claus being good in bed to sexy Christmas outfits, making the special perfectly Carpenter. Blending holiday cheer and scandalous humor, the clever singer put on a fantastic performance. Overall, it delivered the perfect addition to the holiday season.
[email protected]m
@avamhart
 Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Δ