e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Actress and hitmaker Sabrina Carpenter is kicking off her North American tour, supporting her highly anticipated album, “Short n’ Sweet,” slated for Aug. 23.
Carpenter’s first SoCal stops will be at the Pechanga Arena in San Diego on Sunday, Nov. 10, Crypto.com Arena in Inglewood on Friday, Nov. 15 and The Kia Forum in Inglewood on Sunday, Nov, 17 and Monday, Nov. 18. Tickets for the shows go on sale to the general public on Friday, June 28 at 10 a.m. via axs.com.
The Disney-alum has been on a months-long run that has undoubtedly impacted her road to stardom, joining the latest pop-sensations Chappell Roan and Charli XCX, who have exploded into stadium headliners. She was just recently the opening act to Taylor Swift’s Eras stadium shows, made her Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival debut, performed on the season finale of “Saturday Night Live” and made her runway debut at Vogue World.
SEE ALSO: Why these 10 American anthems deserve a spot on your Fourth of July playlist
Carpenter dropped “Espresso,” the first single off her upcoming album, right before her Coachella performances in April. The single has rapidly become one of this year’s hottest summer anthems and inspired an endless array of memes on social media. It became Carpenter’s first top-20 hit on Billboard’s Hot 100 and consistently stayed on the chart’s top 10.
With “Espresso” riding the wave rippled by the star’s perfect storm of success, it seemed like it was only a matter of time before the song landed the number one spot on the Hot 100. Yet, it was the release of her second single, “Please, Please, Please,” a swanky pop confessional produced by Jack Antonoff and co-written by Carpenter and hit-maker Amy Allen, that gained the pop singer’s first career number-one hit on the Billboard charts. The song’s music video, featuring Saltburn actor and Carpenter’s real-life beau Barry Keoghan, has already racked up 38 million views on YouTube.
The first date of Carpenter’s tour is kicking off in Northern California as a surprise addition to the Outside Lands Festival after Tyler, the Creator, announced that he was dropping out of the headlining slot on Saturday, Aug. 10 for personal reasons. On June 20, festival organizers announced that Carpenter would headline in Tyler’s place, marking the first time she’s taken the stage at the massive San Francisco festival.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group