Let Retail Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            
Reality TV-style social content and national ads starring Bull Terrier mascot Bullseye promote product collections designed with popular pet creators.
First published on
Target has partnered with a range of famous designers over the past quarter century, helping to bring high-end ideas to affordable retail. The big-box store’s latest limited-time collaboration, launching Sept. 21, takes a different approach: Rather than work with the Mizrahis and Schoulers of fashion, the company has shifted focus to the world of Malteses and Shih Tzus.
The retailer has partnered with six social media pet influencers — or “fur-fluencers” — on its first exclusive collection for pets, per details shared with sister publication Marketing Dive. The strategy is a sign of the rising significance of creator culture to brands, a trend that has led companies like Target to shake up their internal marketing.
The Cuddle Collab, which spans a half-dozen product capsules themed to each influencer partner, along with more general pet items, attempts to better recognize the 70% of Target shoppers who own a furry friend, per internal company data. Marketing behind the effort, including Target’s first reality TV-styled social content, national ads starring Bull Terrier mascot Bullseye and strategic out-of-home (OOH) placements, is intended to provide a bit of levity as the U.S. remains gripped in division. Target’s internal creative team is behind the campaign that puts viewers in the point-of-view of their pets.
“We think people are going to need a lot of outlets this fall. They’re going to need some happiness, they’re going to need some lightness,” said Michelle Mesenburg, a Target veteran who stepped into the newly created role of senior vice president of creative and content in July. “If there’s one thing that almost all of us can agree upon, that’s the unconditional love of pets.”
A five-part social series, dubbed “The Pets of Tarjay,” takes a cue from reality TV tropes and is part of Target’s renewed efforts to provide entertaining content to smartphone-glued consumers. Target is also producing videos where creators will comment live on the episodes, mirroring the tertiary media ecosystem that’s surfaced around actual reality TV.
Target began experimenting with episodic series, such as “Teammates of Target,” earlier this year, to positive response. The Minneapolis-based business has recently realigned its marketing divisions to better collaborate in this area, including through Mesenburg’s new appointment. Target has made other changes to its marketing structure recently. In June, it announced it would shift CMO Lisa Roath to chief merchandising officer of food, essentials and beauty beginning next year. Target is in the process of searching for Roath’s successor.
“The advent of content and creators out in the world and social has largely reshaped how we think about creative,” Mesenburg said. “We are intentionally bringing our social content and creative collaboration teams, who work largely with talent, together with our in-house creative team. It’s going to allow us to think more holistically about the total landscape of storytelling and creativity.”
Other marketers are ramping up their entertainment offerings to reach consumers who have cut the cord on linear ad-supported channels. Chick-Fil-A is reportedly exploring a streaming service carrying family friendly programming, with a bent toward unscripted fare, while E.l.f. Cosmetics last week debuted an entertainment division with the announcement of an original album release.
Beyond “The Pets of Tarjay,” Target is leaning heavily into its influencer team to spread word of The Cuddle Collab. The “fur-fluencers” are comprised of six dogs and five cats that have accrued millions of followers on platforms like Instagram. Partners include: therapy puppies Ellie and Emma; “modern” cat trio Zelda, Titus and Brave; food-focused dog Popeye; fashion-oriented dogs Ghost and Wren; self-care promoting Maple Cat; and dog-and-cat combo Baloo and Pan.
With prices starting at $3, the collections span an array of over 180 items, from pet essentials like beds, bowls and treats to accessories that can be matched with human owners, including a charm bar centered on personalization. The Cuddle Collab lookbook is available to view today on Target.com and via the brand’s app ahead of the formal launch later in September. The assortment will be available for several weeks or while supplies last. 
“Target is known for fashion collaborations. There are some elements in this collection that go above and beyond our everyday assortment when it comes to fashion,” said Mesenburg.
Target’s bid to connect with pet owners is a natural fit for one of its most recognizable brand assets: Dog mascot Bullseye. An ad campaign appearing on social, linear TV and streaming, “Pet Takeover,” shows the white-coated canine sneaking into a Target and letting animal companions — including one pig — in through a secret door to peruse The Cuddle Collab goods. Real pets were used in the commercial, which was shot on location at a Target (though only service animals are allowed during regular shopping hours) and is soundtracked by Chappell Roan’s “Hot to Go!,” a major pop hit this year. Agency EssenceMediacom handled media. 
Digital, social and OOH buys are also helping raise awareness for The Cuddle Collab. A custom Snapchat filter allows for virtual pet try-ons at home while Target is building in-store shop-in-shop concepts to call attention to the collection. In addition, Target is placing billboards in large metro areas with high pet ownership, such as New York City, Los Angeles and Dallas. Ads will appear adjacent to dog parks to connect with pet owners while some in New York and LA will feature an interactive scavenger hunt game. 
Winning over millennial and Gen Z pet fanatics could help with Target’s turnaround plan. After a slump period that saw the big-box store swept up in culture wars controversy last year, the retailer returned to growth in Q2, with sales up 2.6% year over year to $25 billion.
Clarification: This story has been updated with additional details about the timing of Target CMO Lisa Roath changing roles.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The accounting practice, embraced by department stores in the 1920s, is outdated, skews key metrics and fosters bad decisions, analysts say.
Beyond Inc. agreed to buy the global rights to the BuyBuy Baby brand and Reebok’s U.S. operations were sold.
Keep up with the story. Subscribe to the Retail Dive free daily newsletter
Subscribe to Retail Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
The accounting practice, embraced by department stores in the 1920s, is outdated, skews key metrics and fosters bad decisions, analysts say.
Beyond Inc. agreed to buy the global rights to the BuyBuy Baby brand and Reebok’s U.S. operations were sold.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines