By
Chris Piner
Formed in Glasgow in 2002, Franz Ferdinand consisted of Alex Kapranos, Bob Hardy, Paul Thomson, and Nick McCarthy. Just two years after forming the band released their debut studio album. Since that moment, the band followed the success of the album with other records like Right Thoughts, Right Words, Right Action and Always Ascending. And while continuing to explore the music industry, Franz Ferdinand recently honored Chappell Roan when they decided to perform “Good Luck, Babe!”
Appearing on BBC Radio 2 with Jo Whiley, the band looked to play one of Roan’s songs. But before sharing their cover, Kapranos explained the stardom surrounding Roan and the success she created in such a short time. “It’s just an amazing song by an incredible artist. It’s funny, you get some artists that have a moment, often it’s kind of divisive. Some people absolutely love them and some people hate them.”
A post shared by BBC Radio 2 (@bbcradio2)
Knowing how brutal fans and critics can be, Kapranos had a hard time finding a single person who didn’t like Roan.  “I’ve not come across anybody I know, none of my friends, nobody I know, who doesn’t like this artist. They’re just so good. This song’s incredible so we’re going to play it.”
[RELATED: The Top 10 Franz Ferdinand Songs]
Although Kapranos couldn’t find a person who didn’t like Roan, he found more than enough who did. Especially his niece. “Interestingly, my niece is now 16 and I’m suddenly cool to her because I told her that Lady Gaga broke her nose in a mosh pit at our gig when she was a high school student.”
While sharing their love for Roan, fans filled the comments with praise for Franz Ferdinand. “Everything these guys touch turns into a better thing than gold.” Another person added, “Loved it! I hope we get to see the full version because it’s amazing.” Additionally, one fan wrote “sweet mother of god, this delightful.”
Outside of BBC Radio 2, Franz Ferdinand looked to promote the band’s new album, The Human Fear, which is scheduled to release in January 2025. It will mark the band’s first album in nearly seven years.
(Photo by Joseph Okpako/WireImage)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand