"Thank you to everyone who has been apart of making this year so special"
Miley Cyrus has opened up about her new era for the upcoming year and her excitement for “starting over again”.
The Grammy Award-winning singer took to her official X/Twitter account to share a holiday message for her fans and what she is looking forward to in 2025. “HAPPY HOLIDAYS & NEW YEAR! It’s bittersweet saying goodbye to a year that has been so good to me, but I am looking forward to starting over again,” she began.
She continued: “This is one of my favorite parts of not just the creative process but the way life has chosen to teach me. In everything I do I like to go ALL the way. Give it ALL I’ve got. ALL for it to come to an end, move on and start anew.
HAPPY HOLIDAYS & NEW YEAR! 
It’s bittersweet saying goodbye to a year that has been so good to me, but I am looking forward to starting over again. This is one of my favorite parts of not just the creative process but the way life has chosen to teach me. 
In everything I do I… pic.twitter.com/lAGjDMSIp8
— Miley Cyrus (@MileyCyrus) December 23, 2024
“At times it can be a heartbreaking process but I’ve always known the pieces to come back together and create something beautiful. Thank you to everyone who has been apart of making this year so special. Sincerely, Miley.”
Earlier this month, Cyrus released her latest single ‘Beautiful That Way’ which was written and recorded for the film The Last Showgirl which stars Pamela Anderson. The ballad was co-written by Lykke Li and Andrew Wyatt and was nominated for a Golden Globe under Best Original Song. 
Speaking to Harpers Bazaar last month, the ‘Flowers’ singer opened up about her forthcoming concept album, ‘Something Beautiful’ which will serve as a follow-up to her 2023 LP ‘Endless Summer Vacation‘.
She revealed that it will also be a visual album and is inspired by Pink Floyd’s ‘The Wall’. “We really leaned in. And so I have this heart-first attachment to it. My idea was making The Wall, but with a better wardrobe and more glamorous and filled with pop culture,” she said.
A post shared by Miley Cyrus (@mileycyrus)
She described the vibe of her album as “hypnotising and glamorous,” saying: “It’s a concept album that’s an attempt to medicate somewhat of a sick culture through music.
“I would like to be a human psychedelic for people,” she said, adding: “I don’t want anyone trying to be like me or imitate me or even be inspired by me. I want to impact frequencies in your body that make you vibrate at a different level.”
Recently, Miley opened up about the impact her career has had on younger musicians including Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan and Olivia Rodrigo.
When asked what it was like to have Carpenter, Roan and Rodrigo look up to her, and to have grown up with Miley through her time on Disney‘s Hannah Montana. Miley said: “At the time, you never think about in the future someone replicating what you do. You’re just doing it because it’s honest in the moment so now to see that impacting culture is something that I didn’t know that I wanted, but I guess I do.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.