V’s New Music Friday picks for the first week of April 
V’s New Music Friday picks for the first week of April 
It’s officially April, and spring’s hottest new releases just keep coming! This week, everyone’s favorite burgeoning pop icon Chappell Roan is beginning a new era with her single “Good Luck, Babe!” while country star Kelsea Ballerini is looking back on the start of her career with a reimagined version of her first-ever single in honor of its 10-year anniversary. Rainbow Kitten Surprise collaborated with Kacey Musgraves in an outstanding duet, and South East London singer-songwriter Lola Young is back with her latest single “Big Brown Eyes.” Add these releases and more to your next playlist below!
Chappell Roan has experienced widespread success this year following the release of her debut album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess and her incredible performances as the opening act on the first leg of Olivia Rodrigo’s GUTS Tour. Days after her final GUTS show, she’s back with the first taste of her new era – “Good Luck, Babe!” is just as addictive as her first album, with a bridge you won’t be able to get out of your head. 
Ten years ago, Kelsea Ballerini released her first single “Love Me Like You Mean It.” Since then, she’s had an incredible career, culminating in the release of her critically-acclaimed Rolling Up The Welcome Mat EP last year. Before officially opening a new musical chapter, Ballerini is revisiting her past with a reimagined, stripped-down version of her first single in honor of its anniversary, potentially giving fans a hint about what sounds they can expect from her next album!
Alternative indie rock band Rainbow Kitten Surprise is collaborating with Kacey Musgraves ahead of their upcoming album Love Hate Music Box due this May. On “Overtime,” the band’s lyrical abilities shine while Musgraves harmonizes with lead singer Ela Melo. The catchy tune is sure to excite fans for the rest of the album!
Rising Gen Z star Lola Young has been compared to Adele and Amy Winehouse – not only does Young resemble Winehouse’s striking vocals, she’s also signed to Winehouse’s label and managed by her manager. On her latest single “Big Brown Eyes,” she blends elements of R&B and rock to evoke an infectious feeling that will make anyone want to dance along!
Former TREASURE member Bang Yadam has joined forces with Aespa’s WINTER on a new single titled “Officially Cool.” The track, which fuses an urban melodic blend of trap-laden beats with the effervescent pop vocals of the two rising forces, focuses on two recently separated lovers who are shy about expressing their remaining feelings (been there!)
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!