Saturday is looking like the best day of the Outside Lands festival this year, as Another Planet Entertainment has just unveiled the single-day lineups for August 9 to 11.
The Killers, who at this point almost qualify as the legacy act of the festival, will be headlining the first night of Outside Lands — the traditional night of excited teenage concertgoers blowing their wad and doing all their drugs much too fast, and then shivering while the fog blankets Golden Gate Park.
Other acts on Friday include Jungle, Daniel Caesar, Gryffin, Reneé Rapp, The Last Dinner Party, Tyla, and Young the Giant.
As discussed when the first announcements for this year's fest came out, the SoMa dance tent has become the SoMa dance meadow, since festival organizers came to realize over the last two years that a lot of kids just want to dance, and after watching a couple stage shows that's pretty much all they want to do.
The Saturday lineup is a bit more packed with big names, with Tyler, the Creator headlining along with The Postal Service, Grace Jones, Chris Lake, STRFKR, and Charley Crockett — and acts with cult followings like Amyl and the Sniffers and DJ The Blessed Madonna will be bringing in their fans as well. 
Sunday's headliner is country star and actor Sturgill Simpson, though a lot of people will likely be headed to see rising star Chappell Roan, and/or Killer Mike, Kaytranada, Slowdive, and Grammy-winning Best New Artist Victoria Monét.
Three-day passes for the festival are still available — $465 for general admission, $715 for GA+, and $1075 for VIP — and single-day passes go on sale Thursday at 10 am on the Outside Lands website.
A new location of Little Original Joe's, this one with seating and a full bar, is set to open Thursday at the corner of Chestnut and Scott streets in the Marina.
There seems to be more to the story of some noxious tear gas that leaked out of a building where an SF Sheriff's Department training exercise was going on last week in San Bruno.
Get the latest posts delivered right to your inbox
Jay C. Barmann is a fiction writer and web editor who's lived in San Francisco for 20+ years.
Stay up to date! Get all the latest & greatest posts delivered straight to your inbox