Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
E-edition PLUS unlimited articles & videos
Personalized news alerts with our mobile app
*FREE access to newspapers.com archives
Hundreds of games, puzzles & comics online
*Refers to the latest 2 years of stltoday.com stories. Cancel anytime.
Christian Douglas and Gabrielle McClinton in the North American Tour of “Moulin Rouge! The Musical”
The St. Louis Herb Society will start the day with 7,000 plants representing more than 125 varieties of herbs. Even so, there is a possibility they will sell out of some of the more popular varieties. Which brings up a point: Who knew there were more than 125 kinds of herbs? By Daniel Neman
The movies to be shown at the 17th annual QFest St. Louis all fall into the festival's overall theme of "Love," but the overarching idea is broader.
The St. Louis Ballet takes the famous Tchaikovsky ballet “Sleeping Beauty” and breathes new life into it with choreography from Artistic Director Gen Horiuchi. The Springfield symphony orchestra will perform with the dancers. By Rosalind Early
Brittany Howard performs on Saturday, Aug. 26, 2023 at the Evolution Music Festival in Forest Park.
Fresh off a blazing performance at Evolution Festival in 2023, Alabama Shakes singer Brittany Howard returns with her new album “What Now” and a tour of the same name. The album is her second solo release, and is informed by the chaos of modern life. “Everything seems to be getting more extreme and everyone keeps wondering, ‘What now? What’s next?’ By the same coin, the only constant on this record is you never know what’s going to happen next,” she says in a statement. By Kevin C. Johnson
Country music singer-songwriter Ashley McBryde is back with her new album “The Devil I Know” and a tour of the same name. The album includes “Cool Little Bars.” Co-written with Lainey Wilson and Trick Savage, it pays tribute to the dive bars and holes-in-the-wall where McBryde got her start. By Kevin C. Johnson
The centerpiece is a three-dimensional scale model of the fairgrounds, which gives a sense of the fair's size and place.
The History Museum’s long-awaited opening of its reimagined World’s Fair exhibit is finally here, and the museum is doing the grand opening right. Saturday and Sunday there will be outdoor activities (music, dance, food and a turn-of-the-century car display on Saturday) and indoor activities (ragtime music, performances, a Japanese tea ceremony and storytelling). Because of anticipated crowds, tickets will be for timed entry — including Friday — and can be reserved beginning at 9 a.m. each day. VIP tickets get you a lunch, a t-shirt and a timed entry of your choice. By Daniel Neman
Inspired by "Howards End" the play replaces class conflict with generational ones and gay men in New York struggle with the past and future.
Ah, dance. Expression through movement. Sometimes elegant, sometimes sexy, sometimes really off beat (me in my kitchen). It’s definitely an art form worth celebrating and you can do just that at National Dance Week, a daylong showcase featuring area dance schools and companies such as Big Muddy Dance Company (which is also organizing the event), Dances of India, Leverage Dance Theater and St Louis Cultural Flamenco Society. By Rosalind Early
Nikki Glaser performs for a sold-out crowd at Stifel Theatre in St. Louis on Saturday, Dec. 31, 2022.
Comedian Nikki Glaser lands at the Fox Theatre this weekend in what will be her biggest show yet in her hometown. “The reaction you get when you tell people you’re performing at the Fox Theatre, it’s a next-level response,” she says. Glaser hosts the new dating reality show “Lovers and Liars” on the CW, a sequel to “FBoy Island.” By Kevin C. Johnson
It’s always a special treat when the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra is joined onstage by the St. Louis Symphony Chorus. This time it’s for a performance of Giuseppe Verdi’s “Requiem.” The featured performers are soprano Hulkar Sabirova, mezzo-soprano Judit Kutasi, tenor Russell Thomas and bass Adam Palka. SLSO Music Director Stéphane Denève conducts. The guest director of the Chorus is Benjamin Rivera. By Daniel Durchholz
Sam Kiszka of Greta Van Fleet performs on Wednesday, Sept. 6, 2023, at Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Ill.
Rock band Greta Van Fleet is following up its 2023 album “Starcatcher” featuring “Meeting the Master” and “Sacred the Thread” with its “Starcatcher World Tour.” Singer Josh Kiszka, in a statement, describes the album as “a dangerous and delightful expedition into a both violent and gentle dreamlike landscape.” By Kevin C. Johnson
The two will be playing the Factory on April 30 as part of the "Satch Vai Tour."
Rock band Hawthorne Heights goes back to its beginnings on its current tour, which is coming to City Winery. The band celebrates its debut album “The Silence in Black & White” as the album, home to the singles Singles “Ohio is for Lovers” and “Niki FM,” enters its 20th anniversary year. Hawthorne Heights will perform a stripped-down version of the album and tell stories associated with the songs. By Kevin C. Johnson
Christine Goerke
A performance by soprano Christine Goerke closes Washington University Department of Music’s 2024 Great Artist Series. Goerke has appeared in many of the world’s most prestigious opera houses, sung much of the great soprano repertoire and has worked with many leading orchestras and distinguished conductors. On the program are pieces by Wagner, Strauss, Brahms, Carrie Jacobs Bond, a selection of songs from the 1940s and more. Goerke will be accompanied by Grammy Award-winning pianist and arranger Craig Terry. By Daniel Durchholz
Plus, Yo-Yo Ma will perform a sold-out show with the symphony and Patti LaBelle is coming to town.
The High Low’s bar is open while two poets read from their work. Hadara Bar-Nadav’s recent collection, winner of the Levis Prize, is “The Animal Is Chemical.” Bar-Nadav teaches at the University of Missouri-Kansas City. She is joined by Asha Futterman, a teaching fellow at Washington University, whose upcoming publication is a chapbook, “song of gray.” By Jane Henderson
What's coming to the Sheldon next season? We've got your sneak peek!
Writer Danielle’s Dutton’s latest book is the inventive “Prairie, Dresses, Art, Other,” a collection of nonfiction and fiction that defies easy description. Kirkus Reviews calls the first part “five abstract stories that eschew plot in favor of hazy, memoir-like fragments” while “Dresses” is “an artfully arranged list of excerpts from poems and novels that include mentions of a dress.” Dutton’s conversation with novelist Kathryn Davis, both of Washington University, is sure to fascinate the writer’s many fans. By Jane Henderson
Adéa Michelle Sessoms and Jennifer Wolfe in the North American Tour of "Moulin Rouge! The Musical"
In “Moulin Rouge!,” the spectacle of a show based on the Baz Luhrmann film of the same name, young, talented and impoverished Christian falls for Satine, a girl working at the Moulin Rouge who has a sad secret. By Rosalind Early
The History Museum’s popular Twilight Thursdays Concert Series kicks off with Cherise Louis Mason performing the songs of Rock and Roll Hall of Fame member Chaka Khan, including such hits as “Tell Me Something Good” and “I’m Every Woman.” Jeremiah Allen is the music director. Food trucks will be on hand to make sure no one goes hungry. By Daniel Neman
Tom O'Keefe, booking and marketing manager at the Family Arena, breaks down some simple ways to make sure you're paying the best price for concert tickets. 
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Go for the cheap drinks. Stay for the trivia, karaoke, pinball, drag shows and more.
But do we have to wait years for a better experience flying in and out of town and giving visitors a welcoming first impression of the region?
Oh London stands on its own. Even more boldly, executive chef Brigithe Gilardi doesn’t only undertake fish and chips, Scotch eggs and other Br…
His "A Quiet Celebration" tour shows off the songwriting legend's chops by minimizing flashy extras.
John Viviano founded the original grocery in 1950. It will close May 3.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.