Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
The auction takes place online through December 18.
POPULAR
As the most musical time of the year approaches, The ASCAP Foundation unwraps the ultimate gift list for music fans, announcing the launch of its fourth annual Holiday Auction. 
ASCAP’s top music creators donated an impressive collection – the largest in the auction’s history – of more than 70 exclusive items and experiences. Auction proceeds will support the organization’s mission to nurture the next generation of songwriters and composers. In the past year alone, ASCAP Foundation programs benefited more than 300,000 people, including 60,000 K-12 students from 700 schools.
Spanning genres and decades, ASCAP’s hottest hitmakers contributed items to the auction, including pop and R&B stars such as Chappell Roan, Usher, Selena Gomez, Tate McRae, Reneé Rapp, Gracie Abrams and JoJo; Latin icon Marc Anthony; acclaimed singer-songwriters Noah Kahan, Sara Bareilles, Jack Antonoff, Rob Thomas, Patti Smith, Laufey and Neko Case; country superstars Chris Stapleton, Alan Jackson, Brad Paisley, Old Dominion, Brothers Osborne, Jordan Davis, Dierks Bentley and Carly Pearce; social media sensations JVKE, David Kushner, Alex Warren and mxmtoon; songwriting legends Bernie Taupin, Paul Williams and Max Martin; rockers Coheed and Cambria, Huey Lewis and The News and Peter Frampton; indie hitmakers Big Thief, Father John Misty, Cigarettes After Sex and MUNA; celebrated Broadway and film luminaries Stephen Schwartz, Pasek and Paul, Ben Platt and many more.
Among the exclusive experiences and items for bid is a signed and personalized musical 'Doodle' created by legendary Broadway composer Stephen Schwartz, 2 Broadway house seats for & Juliet with cast-signed playbill and show poster, a signed merchandise package from Broadway star Ben Platt, and more. The auction takes place online HERE from now through December 18.
Other exclusive experiences for bid include a private studio tour and lunch or dinner with legendary producer Jermaine Dupri (Usher, Mariah Carey), a live scoring session for hit show Only Murders in the Building with Emmy-winning composer Siddhartha Khosla, lunch in Atlanta or LA with artist, producer and philanthropist Akon and virtual guitar lessons with former Guns N’ Roses guitarist Ron “Bumblefoot” Thal. Participants can also bid on autographed guitars, vinyl, handwritten lyrics, VIP tickets to concerts and sporting events, meet and greets, personalized videos and more.
Additional donors include acclaimed film and TV composers such as John Powell (How to Train Your Dragon), Heitor Pereira (Despicable Me) and Patrick Doyle (Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire); as well as multimedia fine artist Mary Harris, Gibson Guitars and the Brooklyn Nets.
“It’s been an absolute joy to work with ASCAP’s top members to dream up unforgettable experiences and one-of-a-kind gifts to delight music fans this holiday season,”said The ASCAP Foundation Executive Director Nicole George-Middleton. “With over 70 items from music legends, chart-topping artists and more, this year’s auction is bigger and better than ever. We are unbelievably grateful to the ASCAP community for these incredible contributions that will help us raise the funds we need to continue supporting the next generation of music creators.”
Founded in 1975, The ASCAP Foundation is a charitable organization dedicated to supporting American music creators and encouraging their development through music education, talent development and humanitarian programs. Included in these are songwriting workshops, grants, scholarships, awards, recognition and community outreach programs. The ASCAP Foundation is supported by contributions from ASCAP members and from music lovers throughout the United States. www.ascapfoundation.org 
Madeline Ashton is the most beautiful actress (just ask her) ever to grace the stage and screen. Helen Sharp is the long-suffering author (just ask her) who lives in her shadow. They have always been the best of frenemies… until Madeline steals Helen’s fiancé away. As Helen plots revenge and Madeline clings to her rapidly fading star, their world is suddenly turned upside down by Viola Van Horn, a mysterious woman with a secret that’s to die for.  After one sip of Viola’s magical potion, Madeline and Helen begin a new era of life (and death) with their youth and beauty restored…and a grudge to last eternity. Life’s a bitch and then you die. Or not!
BroadwayWorld is saddened to report the passing of Tony-nominated actor Stephen Mo Hanan. Hanan passed away on April 3, 2025 at his home in Manhattan.
Actors' Equity Association is raising alarm over President Donald Trump’s latest budget proposal, which calls for the elimination of federal funding for the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and other cultural agencies.
A bevy of Broadway’s brightest stars - from icons Jennifer Holliday and Andrea Martin to show-stopping newcomers Tom Francis and Jasmine Amy Rogers - lit up the Al Hirschfeld Theatre on April 28, 2025, at the inaugural Broadway Dream Roles. Get a first look at highlights from the event!
Jordan Litz and his Wicked co-stars have returned with another installment of the 'Swankified Stairwell Sessions.' This time, they video features Allie Trimm and Mary Kate Morrissey for a performance of 'What Is This Feeling?'
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy