Rising star pulls out of All Things Go festival in DC and New York City this weekend citing need to prioritise her health
Singer Chappell Roan has pulled out of an appearance at this weekend’s All Things Go festival, claiming that her situation has become “overwhelming”.
The rising star, who currently has seven songs in the Billboard Top 100, released a statement on her Instagram stories, announcing that she won’t appear at either the DC or New York City stages this weekend.
“I apologise to people who have been waiting to see me in NYC & DC this weekend at All Things Go, but I am unable to perform,” the 26-year-old wrote. “Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it. I feel pressures to prioritise a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritise my health. I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible. Thank you for understanding. Be back soon xox.”
Organisers of the festival responded with a post on X, showing support, writing that “it’s important to remember that health and well-being always comes first.”.
Roan had made headlines in the last week after an interview with the Guardian in which she spoke about her thoughts on the upcoming election.
“I have so many issues with our government in every way,” she said. “There are so many things that I would want to change. So I don’t feel pressured to endorse someone. There’s problems on both sides. I encourage people to use your critical thinking skills, use your vote – vote small, vote for what’s going on in your city.”
The comment sparked pushback online and led Roan to respond in a number of TikTok videos in which she attempted to clarify her stance. While admitting she would be voting for the Democratic nominee, Kamala Harris, she added: “I’m not going to settle for what the options that are in front of me, and you’re not going to make me feel bad for that.”
Roan also said: “Obviously, fuck the policies of the right, but also fuck some of the policies on the left. That’s why I can’t endorse. That’s why I can’t, like, put my entire name in my entire project behind one.”
The singer, who was recently named best new artist at the MTV VMA awards, has previously spoken about the troubles she has had with her expedited rise to fame.
In June, she broke down on stage in North Carolina, saying to fans: “I just want to be honest with the crowd. I just feel a little off today because I think that my career is just kind of going really fast and it’s really hard to keep up. I’m just being honest that I’m just having a hard time today.”
She has also released a number of statements about how she has been treated by over-eager fans who have crossed the line with “creepy” behaviour. “I don’t care that this crazy type of behaviour comes along with the job, the career field I’ve chosen,” she said. “That does not make it OK, that doesn’t make it normal. That doesn’t mean that I want it, that doesn’t mean that I like it.”
In her Guardian interview, Roan also spoke about her diagnosis of “severe depression” for which she is in therapy at the moment. “I think it’s because my whole life has changed,” she said. “Everything that I really love to do now comes with baggage.”
Roan, whose hit singles include Good Luck, Babe and Hot to Go!, has scheduled tour dates in the upcoming weeks in Tennessee and the Austin City Limits festival in Texas. She is also scheduled to be a musical guest on Saturday Night Live on 2 November.