By Bruce Haring 

	More than 250 recording artists have signed a letter to the Senate Committee on Commerce in support of a bill advocating for ticket sale transparency and consumer protections against bots. 

Billie Eilish, Dave Matthews, Cyndi Lauper, Lorde, Sia, Train, Fall Out Boy, Green Day, Graham Nash, Becky G, and Chappell Roan are among the prominent signees urging Congress to pass the Fans First Act (S. 3457). The bill, introduced by Senators Cornyn, Klobuchar, Blackburn, Welch, Wicker, and Lujan, and the bipartisan TICKET Act (H.R. 3950), sponsored by Reps. Bilirakis, Schakowsky, and Armstrong, which passed out of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, address the live event ticketing system. The letter claims current practices leave fans and artists alike exposed to the predatory practices of bad actors within the secondary ticketing market.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					How To Stream Los Angeles' FireAid Concerts Live		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Grammys 2025: Brad Paisley, Coldplay's Chris Martin, Cynthia Erivo, John Legend, More Join Performer Lineup		
			







	“It is clear that all participants of the live event ecosystem, from artists, to venues, to fans, demand comprehensive ticketing reform and consumer protection against the predatory ticket resale practices that have deeply afflicted live entertainment in the United States,” said Stephen Parker, executive director of the National Independent Venue Association. “The Fix the Tix Coalition is proud to deliver this critical call to action from artists whose fans experience the injustices of the resale market every show. And, we hope their message resonates with Congress, as officials elected to protect their constituents and as Americans who simply love music. The time for comprehensive ticketing reform is now.”




			Watch on Deadline		






	The full letter delivered to Chairwoman Cantwell and Ranking Member Cruz of the Senate Committee on Commerce is available here. The letter was organized by the Fix The Tix Coalition, a broad movement spearheaded by the National Independent Venue Association (NIVA) and Eventbrite. They join with more than 30 live event industry organizations and professionals to collectively advocate for better and fair ticketing practices.

	The bill details:

Ticket Sales Transparency:

Consumer Protection:

Stopping Bad Actors:











	More information on Fix the Tix may be found at www.fixthetix.org.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.