All products featured on Wired are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
The C. Arabica plant is a gift to the world from Ethiopia, and making coffee at home is a centuries-old practice that's now enjoyed on every continent on Earth. At one point or another, everyone who has ever made their own coffee has wondered: How can I make this better? That question leads us down a well-trodden road with no real end, but many, many gifts in store for those who choose to walk it.
The first step on that road is a simple one: You need to figure out what "better" means to you. There is no single best cup of coffee. There's just the best version of what you love. Do you love your coffee rich, dark, and bitter? Maybe you prefer it as more of a smooth bass line beneath the melody of vanilla, sugar, and steamed milk? Or is your perfect cup found in the bottom of a Folger's can? There's no wrong answer.
It's all about what you like, and what you want. Coffee at home is like home cooking; we're not chasing a restaurant or café level of professional consistency and polish. We're just trying to help you bring the most out of your favorite at-home coffee.
Special offer for Gear readers: Get WIRED for just $5 ($25 off). This includes unlimited access to WIRED.com, full Gear coverage, and subscriber-only newsletters. Subscriptions help fund the work we do every day.
Updated April 2024: Added new advice for coffee roasts, local sourcing, and coffee grinders.
If you buy something using links in our stories, we may earn a commission. This helps support our journalism. Learn more.
Atlas Coffee Club
When it comes to food, the better your ingredients, the better your meals. The same is true of coffee. You have to start with good beans. Good beans in a bad grinder make better coffee than bad beans in a good grinder, remember that. You don't need to start buying $30-per-bag coffee beans either, you just have to think about what flavors you like, and where you live.
First, let's talk flavor. When you're shopping for coffee you'll see a lot of different words thrown around, we're just going to focus on a couple: light, medium, and dark roasts. Each roast type is produced a little bit differently, though the longer they sizzle, the darker they get. There are other variables in there like roaster temperature, but for our purposes, we're sticking with the basics. Every second your beans are in the roaster, they're changing. Their aromas, their flavors, their color profile.
Light roasts come out of the roaster a light golden brown. These are usually roasted at a lower temperature or for less time, and the result is a bean that produces a lighter color and a lighter flavor. Light roasts often taste a little floral, a little fruity, almost like you can taste the coffee cherry the bean used to be nestled inside. Light roasts always taste like spring mornings in Portland to me. If light roasts had a playlist, it'd lead off with “Murder on the Dancefloor” by Sophie Ellis-Bextor for sure.
Medium roasts are what I drink almost every morning. Medium roasts tend to come out of the roaster a rich earthy brown. They taste like warm spices, caramel, and toffee, with gentle notes of chocolate. A well-brewed medium roast tastes like a relaxing fall morning to me. Because they're right in the middle of the roast spectrum, they produce delicious coffee no matter how you brew them so they're a great pick for their versatility, too. The medium roast playlist is the kind of thing you could listen to in the morning as you're starting your day, or at night while you get ready to go out—filled with songs like “Pink Pony Club” by Chappell Roan.
Dark roasts are my second favorite for everyday drinking. No other roast produces the rich, deep, chocolatey, toasty complexity you get from a dark roast. Dark roasts are often used in “espresso blends” but to my palate, they make some of the best pour-over or AeroPress coffee. Either method lets those warm background flavors shine and brings out some of the spicier flavors too. For the dark roast playlist, I'd probably start with “Moonlight Magic” by Ashnikko.
Time is important for coffee beans. Time spent in shipping, time spent on the shelf, time spent on your shelf. The longer it sits, especially after roasting, the less fresh it will taste. Eventually, around the one-week mark, you'll start to notice a decline in quality. By two weeks, it's still drinkable but makes a much less flavorful cup of coffee. To make sure you have the longest amount of time to enjoy your coffee, your best bet is to buy local.
I wish we had a list of every great coffee roaster in the world, but alas, we do not. Check out a café from your nearest metropolitan area. To help, we've put together a list of some of our favorite regional picks below—some of them might be close to you!
Alternatively, you can check out one of the coffee subscription retailers from our Best Coffee Subscriptions guide. It's not going to be quite as fresh as it would be if it were from your community, but they ship out very quickly and I've never received a coffee from one that was on death's door, flavor-wise. (Many of the companies above will also ship beans to you via a subscription.)
Fellow Opus
This might be one of the more obvious upgrades, but after beans, a good grinder is the next most important one. Grinding your coffee at home is not only a great way to make sure your coffee is as flavorful as it can be, but it also makes your coffee last longer. Every step of the way from the farm to your finished cup, coffee's lifespan shortens. The more it's processed, the faster it deteriorates. It starts aging faster once it's hulled and sorted, it starts aging faster once it's roasted, and it starts aging much faster once it's ground. By buying beans whole, they're able to stay fresh for longer. You're effectively keeping them in stasis so they don't start rapidly aging.
Whole beans need to be ground before they're used, and how you do that is another huge leap you can make toward having a cup of coffee that will knock your socks off. Even if you're using the humble blade grinder, your coffee is going to be the best it's ever been using the tips we've discussed already. But if you want to step things up, get a burr grinder. We have several products we've personally tested and recommend in our Best Coffee Grinders guide, but here are a couple of our favorites.
This one is our top pick (9/10, WIRED Recommends) because it's pretty quiet for a coffee grinder, but it's capable of grinding coffee for every preparation method you can imagine—even espresso.
The Oxo Grinder is a tried and true favorite. It's not fussy and gets the job done at a respectable price. It can grind fine enough for espresso or coarse enough for French press.
Primula Moka pot
You have a good grinder. You have good beans. How do you produce a reliably good cup of coffee every time you brew? This is the fun part: Just experiment until you get it the way you love it. Here are a few suggestions to get you headed in (hopefully) the right direction. You can use nearly any brewer to brew any cup of coffee, but some brewing methods lend themselves better to different types of coffee.
If you want to have reproducible results, make sure you weigh out your beans and water using a good scale (like this Apexstone scale with a timer) so you can track the pace of your pour-over (for example), and take notes. It may sound nerdy, and it is, but after experimenting for a few days you'll likely find something you love, and if you have notes, then you'll know how to make your perfect cup of coffee every time—no matter where you are.
In your inbox: Get Plaintext—Steven Levy's long view on tech
Federal judge allows DOGE to take over $500 million office building for free
Big Story: The quantum apocalypse is coming. Be very afraid
Bluesky can’t take a joke
Summer Lab: Explore the future of tech with WIRED
10% Off Wayfair Promo Code with sign-up
20% off Dyson Promo Code
$50 Off In-Person Tax Prep When You Switch From Your Tax Current Provider
Up to $500 off cameras at Canon
Save extra 10% Off TurboTax
Exclusive: Up To 50% Off 6 Boxes With Factor Promo Code
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices