Saturday night gets bigger.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

We are now in a landmark year in the legacy of one of the most influential comedy shows in history now that Saturday Night Live Season 50 is here. The celebrated sketch comedy TV show has boasted a killer line-up of upcoming SNL hosts and musical guests and there is more where that came from. We also have updates to the SNL cast to report so, not live from wherever you are reading this, let’s get into it!
Let's talk about the final three episodes of SNL's 50th season.
Date: May 3, 2025 Host: Quinta Brunson# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 1Musical Guest: Benson Boone# Of Previous SNL Performances: 0
The first SNL episode of May 2025 will see the return of Quinta Brunson. The Emmy-winning creator and star of Abbott Elementary made her wonderful hosting debut in Season 48.
Making his debut that night as musical guest is Benson Boone. The pop rock singer, who recently apologized for an "aggressive" crotch grab at the Grammys, is set to release his second album, American Heart, in June.
Date: May 10, 2025 Host: Walton Goggins# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 0Musical Guest: Arcade Fire# Of Previous SNL Performances: 5
Two-time Emmy nominee Walton Goggins is making his SNL debut hosting the penultimate episode of the landmark season. One wonders if we will see a cameo from his White Lotus co-star, Aimee Lou Wood, to directly respond to how she was depicted in the White Potus sketch.
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Returning to Studio 8H for the sixth time (technically the seventh, if you count the time they performed with Mick Jagger as special guests) is Arcade Fire. The Canadian indie rock group, which delivered one of the most amazing performances at SNL50: The Homecoming Concert, will release their latest studio album, Pink Elephant, the day before.
Date: May 17, 2025 Host: Scarlett Johansson# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 6Musical Guest: Bad Bunny# Of Previous SNL Performances: 2
Saturday Night Live Season 50 will end with the return of Scarlett Johansson, who can be considered Studio 8H royalty as both a Five-Timers Club member and the wife of Weekend Update co-host Colin Jost. Might she be seeking revenge for 2024's controversial joke swap, for which Michael Che forced Jost to say some pretty nasty things about the Oscar nominee while she was in the studio?
Someone who hopefully has no reason to seek revenge at Studio 8H is Bad Bunny, who is performing as musical guest for the third time, the second of which saw him pull double duty as a host. The Puerto Rican rapper, singer, and actor previously starred in a hilarious sketch with Pedro Pascal, which begs the question if the Last of Us star is prepping for a reunion cameo.
Take a look back on the highlights from SNL Season 50 so far with these brief episode recaps.
Date: September 28, 2024 Host: Jean Smart# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 0Musical Guest: Jelly Roll# Of Previous SNL Performances: 0Special Guests: Maya Rudolph, Jim Gaffigan, Andy Samberg, Dana Carvey
Emmy winner Jean Smart expressed how honored she was to cross hosting SNL off her bucket list for the 50th season premiere in her opening monologe. This followed a star-studded political cold open starring Maya Rudolph as Kamala Harris, comedian Jim Gaffigan as her running mate, Tim Walz, fellow former cast member Andy Samberg as her husband, Douglas Emhoff, and Dana Carvey as Presiden Joe Biden.
Smart was joined by her Hacks co-star (and SNL veteran Laraine Newman's daughter), Hannah Einbinder, to introduce the first performance by musical guest Jelly Roll, who also made his Studio 8H debut that night. The country star performed "Liar" and "Winning Streak" off of his forthcoming album, Beautifully Broken, which releases on October 11.
Date: October 5, 2024Host: Nate Bargatze# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 1Musical Guest: Coldplay# Of Previous SNL Performances: 7Special Guests: Maya Rudolph, Jim Gaffigan, Andy Samberg, Dana Carvey, Akiva Schaffer
A year after comedian Nate Bargatze's stellar SNL debut, he returned with a monologue about his community college experience and infatuation with Door Dash. This followed a cold open which recreated the Vice Presidential debate between J.D. Vance (Bowen Yang) and Tim Walz (Jim Gaffigan), which also saw the return of Maya Rudolph as Kamala Harris, Dana Carvey as Joe Biden, and Andy Samberg as Douglas Emhoff.
Samberg also appeared alongside fellow Lonely Islander Akiva Schaffer for the first SNL Digital Short in years, in which they play pitchmen selling an idea for a "sushi glory hole." Also back at Studio 8H for their eighth appearance was musical guest Coldplay, who performed music from their latest album, Moon Music, which was released the day before.
Date: October 12, 2024Host: Ariana Grande# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 1Musical Guest: Stevie Nicks# Of Previous SNL Performances: 1Special Guests: Maya Rudolph, Jim Gaffigan, Andy Samberg, Dana Carvey
The second October show of SNL Season 50 started with a Family Feud parody pitting Kamala Harris, Douglas Emhoff, Tim Walz, and Joe Biden against Donald Trump, Donald J. Trump Jr. and J.D. Vance. Then Ariana Grande (star of the upcoming Wicked movie) sang a song in which she promises not to sing and, instead, focus on hosting in her monologue, which was followed by two sketches in which she sings and another later in the show.
Someone who also played a witch once on American Horror Story, former Fleetwood Mac member Stevie Nicks, returned for her first SNL gig since 1983 that night. Her first performance was a new song called "The Lighthouse" but later performed "Edge of Seventeen" – a classic from her debut solo album, Bella Donna.
Date: October 19, 2024 Host: Michael Keaton# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 3Musical Guest: Billie Eilish# Of Previous SNL Performances: 3Special Guests: Alec Baldwin, Maya Rudolph, Dana Carvey, Andy Samberg
Host Michael Keaton's Beetlejuice co-star Alec Baldwin appeared as Fox News' Brett Baier interviewing Maya Rudolph's Kamala Harris in the cold open for SNL's fourth show of Season 50. The Academy Award nominee was then joined by Mikey Day and Andy Samberg dressed as Betelgeuse in his monologue.
Like Keaton, musical guest Billie Eilish also became one step away from joining SNL’s Five Timer’s Club that night. In addition to appearing in a TikTok parody, the Oscar and Grammy winner performed two songs off her latest album, Hit Me Hard and Soft.
Date: November 2, 2024Host: John Mulaney# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 5Musical Guest: Chappell Roan# Of Previous SNL Performances: 0Special Guests: Kamala Harris, Maya Rudolph, Andy Samberg Dana Carvey, Jim Gaffigan, Sen. Tim Kaine, Pete Davidson
The last SNL Season 50 episode before the 2024 presidential election opened with Kamala Harris appearing as herself to perform the traditional mirror sketch with Maya Rudolph’s portrayal of the Vice President. Then, Five Timer’s Club member John Mulaney took the stage to perform stand-up about his new family situation and growing older.
Virginia senator Tim Kaine appeared in a new edition of the game show sketch, "What’s That Name?" and former SNL cast member Pete Davidson showed up for Mulaye's latest Broadway musical-themed segment, which took place at a Duane Reade. Musical guest Chappell Roan performed two songs, including her chart-topping hit, "Pink Pony Club," which was complimented by a seemingly Bride of Frankenstein-inspired setting. The episode ended with a brief tribute to the late Teri Garr.
Date: November 9, 2024Host: Bill Burr# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 1Musical Guest: Mk.gee# Of Previous SNL Performances: 0Special Guest: Dana Carvey
Despite promising to “keep it light” with his monologue, after a quick personal anecdote, Bill Burr, from such movies and TV shows as The King of Staten Island and The Mandalorian, offered his take on the election results. This followed a cold open featuring members of the cast appearing as themselves, and Dana Carvey as Elon Musk instead of Joe Biden, showing their support for President-elect Donald Trump to avoid appearing on his list of enemies. The audience was also treated to music from indie rock artist Mk.gee, who performed two songs from his debut studio album, Two Star & the Dream Police.
Date: November 16, 2024Host and Musical Guest: Charli XCX# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 0# Of Previous SNL Performances: 2Special Guests: Dana Carvey, Alec Baldwin, Kyle Mooney, Andy Samberg, Julia Fox
First-time host and third-time musical guest Charli XCX, during her monologue joined by SNL alum Kyle Mooney, asking if he is "brat." This followed a cold open that saw Dana Carvey – a week after his Elon Musk impersonation pissed off the real billionaire – back as Joe Biden opposite James Austin Johnson's Donald Trump and brought back Alec Baldwin to play Robert F. Kennedy Jr. this time.
Bowen Yang reprised his Charli XCX impression next to the English pop star herself as Troye Sivan and she also appeared with Andy Samberg in the latest SNL Digital Short – a music video for a song about an ecstatically proud snitch. Charli’s first musical performance was introduced by Uncut Gems' Julia Fox, whom Chloe Fineman would later impersonate in a “star-studded,” Thanksgiving-themed sketch.
Date: December 7, 2024 Host: Paul Mescal# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 0Musical Guest: Shaboozey# Of Previous SNL Performances: 0Special Guests: Dana Carvey, David Spade, Trisha Paytas
Paul Mescal, star of Ridley Scott's Gladiator II, kicked off his SNL debut by discussing his “nude emotional scenes,” his Irish pride, and his penchant for short shorts. The monologue followed a special cold open featuring Dana Carvey back as the Church Lady, whose Church Chat guests included David Spade as Hunter Biden. Speaking of guests, internet personality Trisha Paytas appeared in a sketch poking fun at Spotify Wrapped.
Also appearing on the show for the first time was Shaboozey. The rapper had the crowd singing along to his hit, country-fried rendition of “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” which was his second song after “Good News.”
Date: December 14, 2024 Host: Chris Rock# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 3Musical Guest: Gracie Abrams# Of Previous SNL Performances: 0Special Guests: Adam Sandler
For the first time since Season 46, comedian Chris Rock, graced the stage as host and delivered a stand-up style since Season 46. His longtime friend and collaborator and ellow '90s-era SNL star Adam Sandler appeared in a ske Joining the comedian for her debut as a surgery patient who awakens from anesthesia to come to the defense of an accident-prone nurse (Sarah Sherman).
Making her debut as an SNL musical guest that night was Gracie Abrams, who is the daughter of filmmaker J.J. Abrams. The singer-songwriter's first song was her recent Top 10 hit, "That's So True."
Date: December 21, 2024 Host: Martin Short# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 4Musical Guest: Hozier# Of Previous SNL Performances: 1Special Guests: Tom Hanks, Paul Rudd, Tina Fey, Alec Baldwin, Scarlett Johansson, Kristen Wiig, Melissa McCarthy, Emma Stone, John Mulaney, Jimmy Fallon, Dana Carvey
SNL's last show of 2024 was jam-packed with special guests who invited host Martin Short to the Five-Timers Club holiday party, where Jimmy Fallon presented him with his official member jacket. Some of the celebrities would make cameos throughout the show, including Paul Rudd in a new version of the "Sabado Gigante" sketch that also features Dana Carvey and Scarlett Johansson, shown backstage reacting to "Weekend Update" jokes about her that Michael Che wrote for her husband, Colin Jost.
Appearing in Studio 8H as a musical guest that night for the second time was Hozier. After performing his hit "Too Sweet," the Irish singer-songwriter treated the audience with a rendition of a classic holiday tune called "Fairytale of New York," which was originally by another group from Ireland called The Pogues.
Date: January 18, 2025 Host: Dave Chappelle# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 3Musical Guest: GloRilla# Of Previous SNL Performances: 0Special Guest: Donnell Rawlings
The first episode of 2025 was hosted by Dave Chappelle, who contributed to one of the most infamous SNL moments when he opened his last gig with a controversial monologue about anti-semitism. His lengthy monologue this time was one of the most accessible yet but did touch on a few sensitive topics, such as the wildfires in L.A. and controversies involving Diddy.
The comedian was joined by his former Chappelle Show co-star Donnell Rawlings, who appeared in a pre-recorded dating reality show bit as Beautiful, opposite Chappelle's "Silky" Johnson, and again in the same sketch as Ashy Larry. Also showing for that segment was musical guest GloRilla, who made her Studio 8H debut performing songs from her debut studio album, Glorious.
Date: January 25, 2025 Host And Musical Guest: Timothée Chalamet# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 2# Of Previous SNL Performances: 0Special Guests: Lin-Manuel Miranda, Adam Sandler, James Blake
The second SNL episode of the new year opened with a reenactment of the Declaration of Independence signing (which turns into a declaration of Donald Trump's "king phase) featuring a cameo by Lin-Manuel Miranda as Alexander Hamilton. Then, third-time host Timothée Chalamet showed off his new goatee, commented on his chances of winning an Oscar for his acclaimed performance as Bob Dylan in A Complete Unknown, and teased how he would be pulling double duty at Studio 8H by performing covers of the legendary folk artist.
Adam Sandler showed up to introduce Chalamet’s first set of songs (“Outlaw Blues” and “Three Angels”), for which he was accompanied by James Blake on piano. He later performed a rendition of "Tomorrow Is a Long Time.”
Date: March 1, 2025 Host: Shane Gillis# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 1Musical Guest: Tate McRae# Of Previous SNL Performances: 1Special Guest: Mike Myers
Comedian Shane Gillis, who was fired from SNL before he even debuted due to insensitive comments on his podcast, took the Studio 8H stage for the second time, following a cold open satirizing Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump, featuring Mike Myers as Elon Musk. Someone who also appeared on the show for the second time was musical guest Tate McRae, who performed songs from her sophomore album, So Close to What, and appeared in a Please Don't Destroy Video making fun of The Voice.
Date: March 8, 2025 Host and Musical Guest: Lady Gaga# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 1# Of Previous SNL Performances: 4Special Guest: Mike Myers
The long-awaited second SNL hosting gig of Lady Gaga occurred on International Women's Day 2025, following her appearance singing "Dick in a Box" with Andy Samberg at SNL50: The Homecoming Concert. In her monologue, she coined the acronym EGORT, which describes people who have won an Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, Tony, and Razzie – the latter of which she received for Joker: Folie á Deux.
Just like her first time headlining, the Grammy and Oscar-winning musician and actor also pulled double duty as a host and musical guest. For her fifth time performing music at the show, the pop star brought the house down with songs from her latest album, Mayhem. Plus, SNL vet Mike Myers returned as Elon Musk for the cold open.
Date: March 29, 2025 Host: Mikey Madison# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 0Musical Guest: Morgan Wallen# Of Previous SNL Performances: 1Special Guest: Joe Jonas
Fresh off her Best Actress win at the 2025 Academy Awards for Anora, Mikey Madison reached another career milestone with her first SNL hosting gig. In her opening monologue, she demonstrated some of the pole dancing skills she picked up while filming the Best Picture Oscar winner and reflected on some of her most notable previous credits, such as Once Upon a Time in Hollywood.
That night also featured a cameo by Joe Jonas in a pre-taped music video about waiting in a “big ‘ol line” for something as mundane as a slice of pizza. The musical guest was country star Morgan Wallen, who walked offstage immediately after Madison's final goodbyes, which raised eyebrows among viewers.
Date: April 5, 2025 Host: Jack Black# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 3Musical Guest: Elton John & Brandi Carlile# Of Previous SNL Performances: 2; 2Special Guest: Mike Myers
The day after his new video game adaptation, A Minecraft Movie, hit theaters, Jack Black took the stage at SNL as the first host of April 2025. This marked the Golden Globe nominee's fourth gig and first in two decades, which the comedian acknowledged in a humorous rendition of Aerosmith's "Back in the Saddle" in his monologue.
While Black's band, Tenacious D, did not serve as the musical guest that night, the Studio 8H audience was treated to the special pairing of Elton John and Brandi Carlile, the latter of which appeared in a musical sketch about a couple discussing how they are taking their relationship to the next level. Mike Myers also returned for another cameo as Elon Musk in the cold open.
Date: April 12, 2025 Host: Jon Hamm# Of Previous SNL Hosting Gigs: 3Musical Guest: Lizzo# Of Previous SNL Performances: 3Special Guests: Kieran Culkin, Alex Moffat, Scarlett Johansson, Jon Gries, Beck Bennett
Following the premiere of his new Apple TV+ TV show, Your Friends and Neighbors, Jon Hamm returned to host SNL for the first time in 15 years. In his monologue, the Emmy-winning former Mad Men cast member revisited the 14 cameos he has made since the last time he hosted, and was then interrupted by a cameo by Kieran Culkin.
One of the night's funniest sketches was a White Lotus parody called The White Potus, which featured appearances by The White Lotus cast member, Jon Gries, as well as Scarlett Johansson and Studio 8H vets Alex Moffatt and Beck Bennett. Musical guest LIzzo also made an appearance in the pre-taped bit, in addition to putting on a wonderful show with some wonderful new tracks.
The SNL Season 50 cast is going to look a little different, with a few featured members getting promoted to series regulars, a few favorite performers exiting Studio 8H, and a few new faces joining in on the fun. We cover them all below but, first, here is the full list:
Now, let's introduce you to the newcomers on the SNL Season 50 cast.
Following in the footsteps of many Groundlings members who became SNL stars, Ashley Padilla is a Los Angeles-based comedian who grew up in the Bay Area. Audiences may recognize her from her guest spots in Season 2 of NBC’s Night Court revival and the final season of Curb Your Enthusiasm, as well as her supporting role in the 2024 movie, Summer Camp.
According to NBC.com, Emil Wakim is a Lebanese-American comedian who has opened for Hasan Minaj and Nikki Glaser and has performed on The Tonight Show. He will be making his acting debut as a member of the SNL Season 50 cast.
Similar to the sensational comedy trio, Please Don’t Destroy, Jane Wickline began making a name for herself by posting sketches on TikTok, which is also the home of a comedy series she stars in called Stapleview. She also goes on live performance tours and can be seen in the 2024 drama, My First Film.
After a successful two seasons as featured players, Marcello Hernandez, Michael Longfellow, and Devon Walker are finally joining the main SNL cast in Season 50. Hernandez is best known for writing and performing in sketches with Pedro Pascal as his judgmental, Spanish-speaking mother, Longfellow has held his own wonderfully with monologue from behind the “Weekend Update” desk, and Walker has impressed audiences with his impersonations, such as South Carolina Senator Tim Scott. They will be joining esteemed repertory players like Chloe Fineman, Bowen Yang, and longest-running SNL cast member, Kenan Thompson.
Finally, there are three talented SNL cast members who will not appear in Season 50. After four seasons, Punkie Johnson is leaving, alongside SNL’s first non-binary cast member, Molly Kearney, who debuted in Season 48, and Chloe Troast, who was only on for the 49th season, during which she demonstrated that she had great singing talent in some recent favorites.
It looks like creator Lorne Michaels is still on board for Saturday Night Live Season 50, which is easily one of the biggest years in the show’s history. Check back here for updates to the line-up of upcoming SNL hosts and musical guests and descriptions of previous episodes (which you can watch with a Peacock subscription) after every Saturday night!
Jason Wiese writes feature stories for CinemaBlend. His occupation results from years dreaming of a filmmaking career, settling on a "professional film fan" career, studying journalism at Lindenwood University in St. Charles, MO (where he served as Culture Editor for its student-run print and online publications), and a brief stint of reviewing movies for fun. He would later continue that side-hustle of film criticism on TikTok (@wiesewisdom), where he posts videos on a semi-weekly basis. Look for his name in almost any article about Batman.
Please logout and then login again, you will then be prompted to enter your display name.
I've Watched Top Chef For Over A Decade, And I Simply Cannot Understand How (Spoiler) Made This Classic Restaurant Wars Mistake Again
Chip And Joanna Gaines Quietly Took A 3 Month Magnolia Network Break, And I Totally Get Why They Needed To ‘Get Outside The Business’
Fire Country Season 3 Ended With Cliffhangers And Some Major Exits. Now, I Have A Bunch Of Questions About Season 4 

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.