By 

	Jon Blistein


Chappell Roan, fresh off her Harvard Med School lecture (about which we still know tantalizingly little), bid farewell to Olivia Rodrigo and the Guts tour with her final show as an opener on Tuesday night, April 2.

	After her own set at Boston’s TD Garden, Roan snuck into the front row of the GA section to watch Rodrigo and prep herself for a surprise cameo. As Rodrigo finished up her end of the show, she hopped down to greet fans at the barricade, only for Roan to pop up and give her a hug. Rodrigo, after realizing who was embracing her, planted a big kiss on Roan as the two waved to the big screen cameras.
LIV AND CHAPPELL HUG !!! pic.twitter.com/K2wniCP1IK

	Roan has been opening for Rodrigo since the Guts tour launched at the end of February. While that run is up, she’s got a whole bunch more tour dates scheduled through the spring and summer as she continues to tour in support of her celebrated 2023 debut, The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess. Her itinerary includes headlining shows in North America, Europe, and the U.K., as well as a bunch of festival appearances, including sets at Coachella, Bonnaroo, Lollapalooza, and Governors Ball.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Amidst all this, though, it appears Roan will be launching her next musical era. In an email to fans, she revealed that her next single, “Good Luck, Babe,” would be arriving this Friday, April 5. She said the song is “about wishing good luck to someone who is denying fate.”  

	As for Rodrigo, she’ll officially wrap the first leg of her Guts world tour with a four-night run in New York City, on April 5, 6, 8, and 9, with the Breeders providing support throughout. She’ll spend most of May and June in the U.K. and Europe with Remi Wolf before returning to North America for a second leg that starts July 19 in Philadelphia and wraps with four nights in Los Angeles, Aug. 13, 14, 16, and 17 (PinkPantheress will provide support during most of those dates, with the Breeders returning for the L.A. gigs). 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.