By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Bowen Yang denies he mocked Chappell Roan on Saturday Night Live after backlash over fans of the singer saying he joked about her mental health.

	The comedian took to social media to defend the “Weekend Update” segment, in which he appeared dressed up as Moo Deng, the viral pygmy hippo. In the bit, Yang compares the attention that the hippo receives to that of Roan, who recently called out “creepy” fans for not respecting her boundaries.

	“Oh geeez. ‘Mocks’???” Yang shared on his Instagram Stories. “If my personal stance and the piece aren’t clear in terms of supporting her then there it is, I guess.”

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	Yang continued, “Everything she has ever asked for has been reasonable and even then we can connect it to another story about boundaries or whatever. Needing the hose [right now]…”

	Roan has been open about her mental health challenges and recently canceled a set of appearances at the All Things Go Music Festival to “prioritize” her health amid backlash over her political views.

	“Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it,” Roan said in a statement posted on her Instagram Stories on Friday, September 27. “I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health. I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible. Thank you for understanding.”

RELATED: ‘SNL’s Bowen Yang Says Sydney Sweeney “Was Practically Begging Everybody” To “Make Jokes About My Boobs”

	Yang is a massive Roan supporter and recently interviewed her for Interview magazine where he said her “vinyl is in my living room, front and center, because it’s just so pretty.”

	The Saturday Night Live star said that Roan helped him “through a lot of sh** when I was f***ing depressed.”

	“Gay people care. And as long as you have a queer fan base–yes, all humankind is a little bit toxic, a little bit unethical, immoral, whatever–but the queers are going to make sure you’re okay. That’s the guardrail,” Yang told Roan.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.