The five hopefuls discuss their reactions to being up for the trophy — and what their ideal Grammys night celebration looks like.

													By
												

	Lyndsey Havens


	In this year’s producer of the year, non-classical category, there is one notable absence — Jack Antonoff, who would have been nominated for his sixth consecutive year — and one welcome addition: R&B producer-musician Alissia, who becomes just the ninth woman (or team of women) in the history of the category to receive a nomination. Had Antonoff been nominated and won, he would have set a record as the only consecutive four-peat in the 50-year history of the award. Meanwhile, a woman has yet to take home the trophy.

	










	The 2025 nominees also include superproducer Daniel Nigro, “Not Like Us” hit-maker Mustard and veteran producers Dernst “D’Mile” Emile II and Ian Fitchuk. Of the five, Alissia, Mustard and Fitchuk are first-time nominees in this category. Below, all five nominees reflect on being nominated.




			Trending on Billboard		






Of your nominations, why is producer of the year so special?

	I’ve worked so many years to really perfect my craft as a musician and then later as a producer, and just to be nominated as a producer of the year, it’s huge. It’s like all the endless sessions, late nights and nonstop working just really reminded me that, man, hard work pays off. And it was so crazy to me because my biggest inspiration as a producer passed away that week, Quincy Jones. So it was such an emotional week. He was such an inspiration for me to start arranging strings and everything. So [my nomination is] representing a lot more than just me.

You join a small class of women who have been nominated in this category. What extra significance or pressure does that add?

	It’s very humbling to be the ninth woman ever being nominated in this category alongside some of my favorites like Janet Jackson, Mariah Carey and all these ladies who’ve really worked hard to pave the way for me to be nominated in this category. I don’t take that for granted. I see this as a big milestone for women producers in general. What really made me the most happy and emotional is that I started receiving so many DMs from young girls, producers and musicians and just women in general. It really warmed my heart up. It’s a big deal.

What would an ideal Grammy night celebration look like?

	I have a party series called Boogie Nights. It’s going to be so much fun. I want to celebrate with everyone, and also celebrate everyone else because I saw so many of my friends that got nominated too. The goal of Boogie Nights is to connect artists and creatives with each other to hopefully, maybe, spark a collaboration or whatever comes naturally. It’s also just to have fun. So Los Angeles is the perfect place and the Grammys are the perfect time.

	










How did you find out and react to being nominated for producer of the year, non-classical?

	This is my third year in a row being nominated. And to be honest, the first time we even tried and I got nominated, I was happy with that. I was like, “OK, I did it.” And then last year, I almost didn’t even bother trying to get my name submitted. But funny enough, Victoria Monét’s manager [Rachelle Jean-Louis] basically made me do it. And then this year, in a way, was similar. I was indifferent about if we should try or not — and I’m glad we did. I’m always just happy to be recognized… Of course, if I win, that would be amazing. But it was a good year for everybody.

How does this year’s class of nominees represent what’s resonating in music today?

	I feel like it definitely resonates well. I feel like country music, to start, has had a great year with a whole bunch of artists that are already in the field or that have dabbled in it. Mustard had a great record with “Not Like Us,” so no surprise there. Me and Dan [Nigro] actually have spoken a couple times about it and joked, like, “Maybe next year we’ll go up against each other again.” I’m such a big fan of his and what he’s done with Olivia [Rodrigo] and Chappell [Roan]. I even voted for him the first round, like, “You got to be up there.” Alissia, I know her well. She’s an incredible musician. I was happy to see a female producer. I feel like [the nominees] actually translate well to the past year — all the hard work paying off.

“Die With a Smile” is your fourth song of the year nomination. You’ve won with Bruno Mars before, with “Leave the Door Open.” Are there any similarities between the two hits?











	When [“Leave the Door Open”] came out, [it had] the same impact and similar reactions. It just felt like everybody knew it instantly, everybody seemed to love it instantly. So I still can’t tell which one they love more. But I mean, I think because it’s two powerhouses, Lady Gaga and Bruno, on a song like that, I’m sure that helps a lot. Gaga’s fans, The Monsters, and The Hooligans put together? Forget about it.

What does it mean to be nominated for producer of the year?

	It means a lot to be recognized for the work that I’ve put in, not just this year, but kind of my whole career, which at this point has been about 24 years. And I feel like it’s also a celebration of all the people that I get to work with — the engineers, songwriters, producers. I feel like I share that nomination with friends of mine that have made me better at what I do and have put tons of work and time and energy into the projects that I’m associated with.

How does this year’s class of nominees represent what’s resonating in music today?

	It’s an awesome representation of where music is — and I’m a fan of everybody else that’s in the category. I’m well aware of the work that they’ve been doing, and I think that it touches on all different genres. I love that it doesn’t feel heavy-handed in one space over another. I think it’s really cool. I love Dernst [“D’Mile”] and Dan and I’m not as familiar with Alissia, but Mustard, my son has made me more aware of him.

You worked on Kacey Musgraves’ Deeper Well and won your first two Grammys for her Golden Hour. Why is that relationship so special?

	I would say this about everybody, but being able to record and make music that I would want to listen to is a gift, because I know that this is a hard world to work in and you don’t always get to make things that align with your tastes necessarily. And I like that I’ve been able to be true to who I am with the music that I get to make. To be trusted like that is awesome.

	










What would an ideal Grammy night celebration look like?

	Probably a milkshake and in bed by 10 p.m.

How did you find out and react to being nominated for producer of the year?

	I wasn’t even expecting producer of the year. I was just on some “Not Like Us,” Faith of a Mustard Seed, “Parking Lot” [with Travis Scott], one of those things. I’m just waiting for [the category] to pass, to get to the other s–t, and then [they said], “Mustard” and I was like, “What the f–k?” My thought process wasn’t there. You know, the Grammys is a long time coming for me. I’ve always wanted to be nominated for producer of the year. But I just believe that things happen when God wants them to happen. So I was overly excited and screaming in the house and s–t, running around.

This is also your first nomination for record of the year. Why is “Not Like Us” a worthy contender?

	Culturally, man, we did something that woke everybody in music, in the world, up. It’s going to be a piece of history. It’s one of the biggest songs just for the West Coast, and you know, it was really dark over here for a while. It’s more than the dis song part of it. It’s just bringing everybody together. I think everybody feels the West Coast right now. And the Dodgers won, so s–t. I think it helped.

Where’s the craziest place you’ve heard that song so far?

	They performed it at my daughter’s school, and it was really crazy. It was the clean version, though, but it was just like, “You guys are doing a dance to this song?” She’s 9, so for me it was just like, “What the f–k?” It’s just some crazy s–t.

What would an ideal Grammy night celebration look like?











	If I win producer of the year, I mean, s–t, I might be doing backflips all the way down Figueroa [Street].

How did you find out and react to being nominated for producer of the year, non-classical?

	My wife and I were walking our dog the morning of the announcements, so when my manager called and said, “Congratulations!” I responded with “For what!?” I was definitely hoping for a nomination this year but also didn’t want to get my hopes up because you just never know. I’m really excited about how things turned out. To celebrate, we had a very, very small get-together at the studio. We ordered some Papa John’s and had a cake.

This is your second time being nominated in this category, and your third time being nominated for song of the year, record of the year and album of the year. What’s your secret?

	I wish there was a secret. I just feel so lucky that I get to work with such incredible artists and songwriters that get nominated. What I’d like to know is if there’s a secret to winning one of those categories, because it hasn’t happened yet.

You’ve also been involved in the debut albums from two best new artist nominees: Olivia Rodrigo and Chappell Roan. What does it mean to be a part of an artist’s career from the start?

	I feel very fortunate to have this happen twice for me. I get a lot of joy and satisfaction from being a part of the development process. As someone who once was a recording artist, I try to take the things I learned during those years and help other artists navigate the madness that is the music industry.

This story appears in the Dec. 7, 2024, issue of Billboard.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.