Profile
Sections
Local
tv
Featured
More From NBC
Follow NBC News
 news Alerts
There are no new alerts at this time
In a presidential election year when immigration and the economy were frequently cited as voters’ top concerns, LGBTQ issues reliably generated headlines.
The year in LGBTQ news began in tragedy following the death of a transgender Oklahoma student, Nex Benedict, which prompted a wave of outrage among queer activists around the world. It ended with a similar focus on trans youth, as the Supreme Court appeared to lean toward upholding a Tennessee law that limits gender-affirming care for minors.
The LGBTQ community also had much to celebrate this year, from the rise of superstar Chappell Roan and a broader lesbian renaissance in pop music to the historic win of Sarah McBride, the first openly transgender person elected to Congress.
Here are the stories that had the biggest impact, the most viral interest or that celebrated historic queer milestones.
Oklahoma teenager Nex Benedict, who was transgender and used he and they pronouns, according to friends and family, died Feb. 8, a day after a fight at Owasso High School.
Nex’s death, which was later ruled a suicide, became a rallying cry for LGBTQ advocates across the country, who argued that an onslaught of legislation targeting the trans community led to the teen’s tragic death.
Perhaps unexpectedly, women’s boxing was thrust into the global spotlight at the Summer Olympics in Paris.
The unforeseen attention began after reports surfaced that two women boxers, Imane Khelif of Algeria and Lin Yu-ting of Chinese Taipei, had been disqualified from competing with other women in a prior, Russian-led competition. False reports that the two women were transgender spread, and the incessant speculation about their genders sparked global outrage and fascination.
The International Olympic Committee fiercely came to their defense and repeatedly declared them eligible because of the genders listed on their passports. The two women both went on to win gold medals in their respective weight categories.
Even amid this year’s wave of lesbian visibility in pop culture, perhaps no Sapphic star shined brighter than singer-songwriter Chappell Roan. Within the last year, the 26-year-old Missouri native and out lesbian went from being relatively unknown to earning a spot alongside Beyoncé and Taylor Swift at next year’s upcoming Grammy Awards.
Accepting the MTV Video Music Award for best new artist in September and wearing one of her out-of-this-world, drag-inspired looks, she dedicated her win to “all the queer kids in the Midwest watching right now.”
“I see you, I understand you because I’m one of you, and don’t ever let anyone tell you that you can’t be exactly who you want to be,” she said.
Several years after Lia Thomas became the first transgender woman to win an NCAA swimming championship, a player for the San Jose State University women’s volleyball team was thrust into the center of the global debate over whether trans women should compete in women’s sports.
In September, the volleyball player became the subject of a lawsuit against the NCAA for allowing trans women to compete in women’s sports. Throughout the season this fall, several college volleyball teams also forfeited their matches against the SJSU women’s team over the gender identity of one of its players. The player, whom NBC News is not naming, has never spoken publicly, and SJSU has not confirmed that one of its players is transgender.
Delaware state Sen. Sarah McBride won the state’s only House seat in November, making her the first openly transgender person elected to Congress.
McBride told NBC News in September that her goal in Congress is to break the partisan gridlock and pass meaningful legislation. However, shortly after her election and before starting her term as a congresswoman, she was pulled into the partisan fray.
Rep. Nancy Mace, R-S.C., introduced a resolution to prohibit House members and congressional staff from “using single-sex facilities other than those corresponding to their biological sex” and told reporters that the measure was “absolutely” targeted at McBride. McBride described Mace’s resolution — which had the support of House Speaker Mike Johnson — as “mean-spirited” and “an attempt to distract,” but added that she’d abide by the House rules.
Republicans spent more than $200 million on network television advertisements centered on transgender issues throughout this year’s election cycle, according to data shared with NBC News by AdImpact, an analytics firm that tracks political ad spending.
Ads that mentioned Vice President Kamala Harris’ past support for taxpayer-funded gender-affirming care treatments were repeatedly aired during NFL and college football games last month. The ads ended with the tagline: “Kamala is for they/them; President Trump is for you.”
This month, the Supreme Court heard oral arguments in a case that could decide the fate of more than 20 state laws restricting transition-related care for transgender minors.
The court, which has a 6-3 conservative majority, appeared to be in favor of upholding a Tennessee law that restricts transition-related treatments for minors, including puberty blockers and hormone replacement therapy. A ruling is expected by the end of June.
Long gone are the days when “Brokeback Mountain” stood out among other critically acclaimed films for its narrative around a gay romance. This year, movies with queer characters and storylines — including “Emilia Pérez,” “Challengers” and “Queer” — were some of Hollywood’s most critically acclaimed films.
Matt Lavietes is a reporter for NBC News.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLC