"D-O-M-I-N-G-O / Kelsey's texting Domingo / Thought that she forgot that dude / She's sending him her pregnant nudes!"
 Domingo is back and he’s here to stay!

 Four weeks after introducing him to the world in its viral musical sketch "Bridesmaid Speech," Saturday Night Live brought back the Miami home-wrecker. But this time around, Charli XCX took over Ariana Grande's role and headlined as the tone-deaf bestie serenading her pal Kelsey (Chloe Fineman) at another critical life moment.

 The new sketch, "Babymoon," found newly married couple Kelsey and Matt (Andrew Dismukes) celebrating their baby shower as Kelsey’s BFFs — played by Charli, Heidi Gardner, Ego Nwodim, and Sarah Sherman — joined forces on a song performed to the tune of Chappell Roan's hit "Hot to Go."

Saturday Night Live/YouTube
 "Kelsey is our bestie, gonna be a mama," Charli began, singing purposely off-key, before her fellow performers chimed in. "So we took a trip in my Hyundai Sonata / Just 'cause you're pregnant don't mean you're a granny / Kelsey couldn't fly, so we drove to Miami."

 They continued, "We got facials at the spa, but Kelsey doesn't talk at all / We say, 'Kelsey, get off your phone' / 'Cause we know who she's texting, know who she's texting…"

 They then launched into the chorus, singing, "D-O-M-I-N-G-O / Kelsey's texting Domingo / Thought that she forgot that dude / She's sending him her pregnant nudes!"

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 The original "Bridesmaid Speech" sketch featured Grande, Gardner, Nwodim, and Sherman teaming up to perform an original song for their newly married friend to the tune of Sabrina Carpenter's smash "Espresso." Unfortunately for the groom, the bop revealed that the group's recent wild bachelorette party led his bride to the suave Miami charmer Domingo (Marcello Hernandez).

Saturday Night Live/YouTube
 Naturally, the newest revelation didn't go over well with Kelsey’s husband, who immediately freaked out.

 "Oh my God, babe!" Fineman's wife character Kelsey replied, dismissing his concerns. "Just listen to the whole song before you make a snap judgment."

 "Okay, well the song just started and we're already at pregnant nudes," Dismukes' hubby answered.

 As the performance continued, things were not looking up for Matt. "D-O-M-I-N-G-O / Kelsey's learning español," the girls sang. "D-O-M-I-N-G-O / Spends all day on Duolingo."

 It got much worse from there, with the ladies eventually revealing a paternity twist: Kelsey is having twins, and Matt is the father of one while Domingo is the father of the other.

 "That is biologically impossible!" Dismukes' Matt yelled.

 "Miracles happen every day," Fineman's Kelsey replied.

 Much like the first sketch, the clique's new set included Domingo making a surprise appearance with a verse of his own.

 "Hey, Matt, my brother, aren't you happy?" he sang. "Direct from Domingo / We both are daddies / Domingo gonna be in your life forever / We'll raise our babies in Miami together."

 Watch the full "Babymoon" sketch above.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)