Roan also said Miley's Best of Both Worlds tour with the Jonas Brothers was her first-ever show. 

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


Chappell Roan has no problem giving flowers to Miley Cyrus. In a video posted on Monday (August 12) the “Hot To Go” femininominon ticked off all the reasons she admires MC, a day after Miley was honored at Sunday’s Disney Legends Ceremony during the finale to this year’s D23 fan event where Cyrus was inducted with a class that also featured Jamie Lee Curtis, Angela Bassett and Harrison Ford.

	“The things that I admire about Miley Cyrus is that she constantly reinvents herself and always works,” Roan said in the full video of Roan’s introduction of Cyrus posted by Pop Crave. “For a lot of artists it can seem inauthentic or out of the blue, but she’s very open about her transformations artistically and personally. She’s so true to herself and puts out music that is so authentic.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Roan, 26, recalled her very first concert, which was Miley’s 2007-2008 Best of Both Worlds tour featuring the Jonas Brothers as the opening act. “She came down in a box from the ceiling. I was like, ‘How do I do that one day?’ I still think about it,” Roan mused. “I still think about the show. I’m like, ‘I want to be like Hannah Montana,’ to this day.”

	The intro made sense, since Roan said she thinks there’s “a lot of crossover” between Cyrus’ career and her own. Plus, she added, “I’m such a fan, too. I love her fanbase. She’s got the whole world that supports her. She could do whatever she wants, which is something I want to do. Miley does anything and it works. Miley feels like freedom to me.”

	This year’s Legends ceremony, hosted by American Idol‘s Ryan Seacrest, found Cyrus, 31, celebrated as the youngest legend inductee to date. It also included superfan Lainey Wilson — who got her start performing as a Hannah Montana impersonator — singing the Hannah Montana theme song, “The Best of Both Worlds,” which she told the star-studded audience was “truly a dream come true.” 

	See Roan’s intro below.
EXCLUSIVE: full video of Chappell Roan introducing Miley Cyrus as the youngest recipient of the Disney Legend Award. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.