By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Jeff Bridges has an ominous warning for his enemy in the trailer for The Old Man Season 2.
In the upcoming run, “former CIA agent Dan Chase (Bridges) and former FBI Assistant Director Harold Harper (John Lithgow) set off on their most important mission to date — to recover Emily Chase (Alia Shawkat) after she is kidnapped by a powerful Afghan tribal leader.”
Season 2 premieres Thursday, Sept. 12 at 10/9c on FX with the first two episodes of eight.
Ready for some more recent newsy nuggets? Well…
* The 2024 VMAs will shift to Wednesday, Sept. 11 at 8/7c on MTV due to the planned U.S. Presidential debate on Sept. 10. Camila Cabello, Chappell Roan, GloRilla, Rauw Alejandro and Sabrina Carpenter are the first round of music stars slated to perform.

 





* The hit musical Frozen, filmed live onstage featuring Samantha Barks as Elsa, is coming to Disney+ in 2025.
* Win or Lose, Pixar’s first-ever original series, will premiere Friday, Dec. 6 on Disney+. The cartoon “reveals what it feels like to be in the shoes of eight different characters — the insecure kids, their helicopter parents, even a lovesick umpire — as they prepare for a championship softball game,” according to the official synopsis. Will Forte voices the coach. Watch a trailer:
Which of today’s TVLine Items pique your interest?
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
Why do they still have the mtv awards it’s a joke and of course Taylor swift will win she’s competing with no one  pull the plug already it died the night in 2003 when superstar madonna had the kiss  she literally gave them the kiss off the show was over after that event  and no one made videos like Madonna  that’s right no one
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.