We may earn a commission if you buy something from any affiliate links on our site.
I was in the outside area of a bar the other day, kicking back with a dirty martini in the late autumn sun, when I noticed something odd. Nearly every other woman in the vicinity – and there were many, this was La Camionera after all – was in a bulky suit with a big fat patterned tie. Some even with a chunky watch. Just pure ’80s suits everywhere, like Patrick Bateman if he was not, in fact, a fictional corporate psychopath, but instead one of the East London girls enjoying a savoury cocktail and a goss. The only thing missing from the scene were blocky flip phones – although I’d wager they could eventually make a return as well, so long as they could have Instagram installed.
The ’80s corpcore ’fit obviously isn’t just a street style thing, and neither has it sprung out of nowhere. You’ll have noticed that Hailey Bieber sported one of those boxy office sets for a Rhode launch last month, meanwhile Jade Thirlwall was seen in a truly body-swamping pin-stripe variety that very same week. And, lest we forget, Rihanna, queen of the smart-casual mix-up, wore a double-breasted grey melange suit from Vivienne Westwood’s autumn/winter 2023 collection, also last month. The sheer proliferation of the ’80s mogul suit this autumn is probably at least in part down to Saint Laurent, whose spring/summer 2025 maximalist suits and thick-rimmed glasses had every celeb suddenly wanting to dress like Michael Douglas in Wall Street. And then there was Rabanne, which also helped to write the mega-shouldered memo for spring/summer 2025.
In many ways, this move towards ’80s businessman style makes perfect sense for the girls this autumn. It’s a warm outfit, for starters, and the layering means that it’s easy to just sling on a trench coat when you’re leaving the restaurant, or wherever. It can be formal or casual, depending on the context and accessories (pair with a cap and trainers, and you could be going for coffee).
But I think that the outfit says something about the moment we’re living in, too. With the US election revealing a stark gender divide – in no small part due to women’s rights being under threat – and with similar trends reflected in UK polls earlier this year, there’s never been a more important time to exercise a certain assertiveness. And while the girl boss may be long dead, I feel as though we’re entering an era in which women are deciding that they might not want a “man in finance, trust fund, 6”5, blue eyes”, after all. They want to become said man in finance (minus the rest). Or, to quote Chappell Roan in a wildly different context: “Only a woman knows how to treat a woman right.” They call it “power dressing” for a reason.
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast