The NBC host got together with Miranda Lambert to perform a memorable duet of "Good Luck, Babe!"
We've been independently researching and testing products for over 120 years. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. Learn more about our review process.
Um, Kelly Clarkson, can we please learn how to achieve the perfect cover? Because after this one, we're in dire need for more! 
The singer and TV personality premiered the sixth season of The Kelly Clarkson Show, and for the September 24 taping, she brought out Miranda Lambert for her popular "Songs and Stories" segment. As the two shared moments about their respective careers, they also got together to perform a couple of tunes for the crowd. 
In typical Kelly fashion, she shocked her viewers by beginning to sing a cover of Chappell Roan's hit single "Good Luck, Babe!" with Miranda providing additional vocals and singing along with her. With just an acoustic guitar accompanying them, Kelly and Miranda left the audience totally speechless with the rendition the two came up with. 
As a clip of Kelly and Miranda's duet began circulating on TikTok, fans couldn't help but get emotional about the unique take on the song. 
"Kelly NEVER fails to give me CHILLS," one person stated in the comments. "Chappell Roan you have been Kelly’ed 🫵🏻✨," another exclaimed. "Not her just casually sitting on a couch belting these notes. GOAT," a different viewer added. 
Now, is this the only time Kelly Clarkson fans have heard her tap into Chappell Roan's musical catalog? Absolutely not! It turns out Kelly decided to sing another song from Chappell later on in the week, as she belted out a "Kellyoke" cover of the song "Coffee" the next day during the September 25 episode. 
Well, we absolutely love seeing Kelly back in her TV and musical element! And with The Kelly Clarkson Show being back on the air weekdays on NBC, we can only imagine what other songs Kelly may be thinking of performing for her audiences. 
Now, if we could make our own request, can Kelly sing "Pink Pony Club" at some point? Or even bring Chappell out for a surprise duet? That would be the ultimate dream ... 
As the entertainment and news associate editor for Good Housekeeping, Adrianna (she/her) writes about everything TV, movies, music and pop culture. She graduated from Yeshiva University with a B.A. in journalism and a minor in business management. She covers shows like The Rookie, 9-1-1 and Grey's Anatomy, though when she’s not watching the latest show on Netflix, she’s taking martial arts or drinking way too much coffee.
Kelly Clarkson Fans Ask "Where Have You Been?"
Kelly Clarkson Reveals a Major 'Kellyoke' Secret
Sterling K. Brown Brings Kelly Clarkson to Tears
Kelly Clarkson Ask Fans for Help Amid Show News
Kelly Clarkson Reveals Her Biggest Parenting Ick
Kelly Clarkson Fans Cry Over Whitney Houston Cover
Kelly Clarkson Celebrates Talk Show Milestone
Kelly Clarkson Fans Worry Amid Another TV Absence
We Now Know When Kelly Clarkson Will Return to TV
Why Fans Are "Worried Sick" for Kelly Clarkson
Watch Kelly Clarkson & John Legend Face Off on TV
Watch Kelly Clarkson and JBH's "Jolene" Duet
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
Good Housekeeping participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.