By
Erinn Callahan
More than a half century ago, Elton John scored his first No. 1 album with 1972’s Honky Chateau. For the next 52 years, the 77-year-old British legend continued to charm audiences with his larger-than-life stage presence and otherworldly piano-playing skills. Recently, the EGOT winner shared some personal health news with his millions of social media followers.
In a social media post Tuesday (Sept. 3), Sir Elton John revealed that he has been fighting a “severe” eye infection this summer. As a result, the “I’m Still Standing” singer is left with limited vision in one eye.
“I am healing, but it’s an extremely slow process and it will take some time before sight returns to the impacted eye,” John wrote. He then extended thanks to his family and team of doctors of nurses who have tended to him over the last several weeks.
A post shared by Elton John (@eltonjohn)
The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer added that he has remained low-key this summer as he recuperates at home. Then, John emphasized that he is feeling positive about his progress thus far. 
[RELATED: How George Harrison Helped Elton John Fight Addiction]
Within hours, the Instagram post had garnered more than 4,000 comments and well-wishes, including from pop star Chappell Roan. “We love you,” wrote the “Good Luck, Babe!” hitmaker, adding an emoji of a heart with a bandage across one side.
Bernie Taupin, John’s longtime songwriting partner. also weighed in. “Get back on track good buddy,” wrote Taupin, 74.
One commenter summed up the public’s feelings: “Protect Elton at all costs!”
In July 2023, Elton John wrapped his record-breaking final tour Farewell Yellow Brick Road. If the “Tiny Dancer” changed his mind about touring, it wouldn’t be the first time. However, the multi GRAMMY-winning artist insists he’s really done this time.
“No,” John said simply when Entertainment Tonight asked if he would ever tour again.
John’s husband, David Furnish, chimed in during the June interview.  “We’ve got our sons, you know, they’re getting into their teenage years now,” said Furnish, 61. “We don’t want to miss anything. We want to be present for that. It’s sort of a key decade, I think, in a child’s life.
“He’s been doing it for 60 years,” Furnish continued, “so it’s nice to have that time to spend at home with family.”
Featured image by Michal Augustini/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand