Roan opened up about wishing she'd adopted "two different personalities" like Cyrus did as the titular character on Disney Channel's 'Hannah Montana'
Jack Irvin has over five years of experience working in digital journalism, and he’s worked at PEOPLE since 2022. Jack started in the industry with internships at Rolling Stone and Entertainment Tonight, and he worked as a writer for publications including Bustle, MTV News, Shondaland, L’Officiel USA, Ladygunn, Flood and PopCrush before joining PEOPLE. In his current role, Jack covers daily music news and has interviewed both up-and-coming and established artists including Dolly Parton, Michelle Branch, Ashanti, Cyndi Lauper, Normani, Carly Rae Jepsen and Coco Jones.
Gilbert Flores/Variety via Getty; Kevin Mazur/Getty
 It's a big deal for Chappell Roan that Miley Cyrus knows who she is.

 During an appearance on the July 17 episode of Drew Afualo's The Comment Section podcast, the "Red Wine Supernova" singer opened up about her rising fame level — and how she recently got invited to one of Cyrus' parties.

 "All these things that are happening to me now are just kind of icing on the cake. I never thought I could fly first class. You know what I mean? I never thought I would get access to so much backstage," said Roan, 26. "Miley invited me to a party, and I was like, ‘You don’t know that you were my first concert when the Jonas Brothers were opening for you.'"

Astrida Valigorsky/Getty
 The musician then spoke about how she was a big Hannah Montana fan, explaining that she would've loved to be able to hide her identity like Cyrus' character on the Disney Channel series was able to do behind a blonde wig.

 "If I were to be able to start this all over, I don’t think it’s realistic to do a Daft Punk thing, but I wish I would have, you know? Like, a helmet. Same with Mr. Marshmello," said Roan. "But I loved that Hannah had two different personalities because it’s my f---ing hair that gets me in trouble all the time. So, I wish I would’ve done her."

 Looking back on the early Cyrus concert she attended, the "HOT TO GO!" performer recalled how the experience taught her about fan culture. "I was in fourth grade, and when she came out I saw my friends start crying, and then little girls around us started crying, and I was like, ‘I guess I’ve gotta cry.’ I was like, ‘This is so emotional,'" said Roan.

DISNEY CHANNEL/BYRON COHEN; Arturo Holmes/Getty
 She continued, "I didn’t understand then why people were crying, but now I get it. I’m like, ‘Oh, because that was the coolest thing.’ It was so spiritual."

 Roan has long praised Hannah Montana. In an August interview with Vulture, she spoke about the fictional "Nobody's Perfect" singer as a sonic inspiration for her own music.

 "I just want to be Hannah Montana. That’s what I liked when I was little. I also loved P!nk, Katy, Gaga, but not to the degree I love it now," she told the outlet. "I was so catty about pop music as a teen, but it wasn’t fair of me to judge it the same way I judge, like, Radiohead. Pop music is pop music. It’s not trying to be indie, math-rock bulls---."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)