By EVE BUCKLAND and ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:25, 23 September 2024   |  Updated:  21:54, 23 September 2024   
 41
View  comments
Chappell Roan has been slammed over her failure to endorse Kamala Harris over Donald Trump in the upcoming US Presidential election.
The American singer-songwriter, 26, who recently revealed she had been diagnosed with severe depression, drew ire from fans after she failed to endorse either candidate in a Friday interview with The Guardian. 
Roan said: 'I have so many issues with our government in every way. There are so many things that I would want to change. 
She added she 'doesn't feel pressured to endorse someone' because 'there’s problems on both sides.'
She said: 'I encourage people to use your critical thinking skills, use your vote—vote small, vote for what’s going on in your city.'
Chappell Roan has been slammed over her failure to endorse Kamala Harris over Donald Trump in the upcoming US Presidential election 
The American singer-songwriter, 26, who recently revealed she had been diagnosed with severe depression , drew ire from fans after she failed to endorse either candidate in a Friday interview with The Guardian  
She added her top issue is trans rights, because 'they cannot have cis people making decisions for trans people, period.'
Fans took to X to reveal their disappointment over her decision saying: 'I love Chappel but this one has been TOUGH to get over because it’s so uneducated
Another wrote: 'every time Chappell opens her mouth again she gets worse and worse
'how can you be part of the LGBTQ+ community and have tone deaf s**t like this to say so loudly
Chappell ily but this is so fucking ignorant lmao one side is clearly worse girl!! 
'chappell couldve worded this way differently and it wouldve helped her case a lot' while another penned: 'This is very disappointing.'
Others came out in defense of the star, writing: 'the internet needs to leave chappell alone omfg she literally didn’t say anything wrong' and 'I’m so f*****g done with the chappell hate.I wish I could be calm about anymore but the absolute mental goddamn degradation is kicking my ass.'
Harris has previously shown herself to be a fan of Roan, using her track Femininomenon in a campaign video.
In June Roan told the crowd at a Governor’s Ball festival in New York that she had 'declined' an invitation to perform at a White House Pride event
She added she 'doesn't feel pressured to endorse someone' because 'there’s problems on both sides' 
Fans took to X to reveal their disappointment over her decision saying: 'I love Chappel but this one has been TOUGH to get over because it’s so uneducated
Others came out in defense of the star 
She said: 'We want liberty, justice and freedom for all. When you do that, that’s when I’ll come.'
Singer Billie Eilish and her brother and collaborator Finneas O’Connell announced they are backing Kamala Harris for president in the 2024 election last week.
The pair posted a video on social media to mark National Voter Registration Day on Tuesday.
‘We are voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz because they are fighting to protect our reproductive freedom, our planet and our democracy,’ the 22-year-old Grammy and Oscar winning artist said.
‘We can’t let extremists control our lives, our freedoms and our future,’ O’Connell added.
He said 'the only way to stop them and the dangerous Project 2025 agenda is to vote and elect Kamala Harris.'
‘Vote like your life depends on it because it does,’ Eilish said.
Meanwhile Trump has received a controversial endorsement from NFL WAG, Brittany Mahomes. 
Roan recently  threated to quit the industry over unwanted attention.
Chappell, who has been attending therapy sessions twice a week to deal with her new celebrity status, admitted her diagnosis came as a shock because she doesn't actually feel 'sad'. 
She told the Guardian: 'I'm in therapy twice a week. I went to a psychiatrist last week because I was like, I don't know what's going on.
'She diagnosed me with severe depression – which I didn't think I had because I'm not actually sad. But I have every symptom of someone who's severely depressed.'
Chappell revealed her symptoms include brain fog, forgetfulness and poor focus as well as 'a very lacklustre viewpoint'.
The singer went on to explain she thinks her problems stem from how much her life has changed over a short period of time.
Chappell, who has been attending therapy sessions twice a week to deal with her celebrity status, admitted her diagnosis came as a shock because she doesn't actually feel 'sad'
She added: 'I think it's because my whole life has changed. Everything that I really love to do now comes with baggage. If I want to go thrifting, I have to book security and prepare myself that this is not going to be normal.
'Going to the park, pilates, yoga – how do I do this in a safe way where I'm not going to be stalked or harassed?'
It comes after Chappell compared fame to 'an abusive ex-husband'.
In an interview with The Face magazine, she explained: 'I feel like fame is just abusive. The vibe of this – stalking, talking s*** online, [people who] won't leave you alone, yelling at you in public – is the vibe of an abusive ex-husband.
'That's what it feels like. I didn't know it would feel this bad.'
However, Chappell admitted she still loves getting positive feedback from her fans, adding: 'Everyone's like, ​'Oh yeah, she's really intense,' which, whatever, fine.
'But I don't very often get: ​'Oh my God, you have such a good vibe.' I think that just stems back to childhood, of [wanting] people to believe that I'm a good person and me believing it, too. So it means a lot when I hear that.
'I can't read my DMs anymore, because I cry so much. But when people are like, ​'Whatever you're doing, it helped me' - I don't think any award or any money or whatever can be exchanged for that compliment.
'I don't care about anything else, except giving space to people to be free. Because that's what I needed so bad: freedom.'
Her latest interview comes after she ruffled feathers on last week's VMAs red carpet as she clapped back at a photographer who shouted 'shut the f*** up' as she turned away to adjust her outfit.
The rising entertainer has earned a reputation for being a complainer, with one fan on X hilariously suggesting she change her name to 'Chappell Moan.'
In late August she took to TikTok to slam fans who cross her boundaries.
'I need you to answer questions — just answer my questions for a second: If you saw a random woman on the street, would you yell at her from your car window?' she asked the internet.
Roan has been outspoken about the pitfalls of fame, publicly rejecting the idea that she should accept unwanted attention amid her rising profile
She continued, 'Would you harass her in public? Would you go up to a random lady and say, "Can I take a photo with you?" and she says, "No, what the f***?" — and then you get mad at this random lady?'
Roan has been outspoken about the pitfalls of fame, publicly rejecting the idea that she should accept unwanted attention amid her rising profile.
'I don't care that abuse and harassment, stalking, whatever, is a normal thing to do to people who are famous or a little famous, whatever,' Roan said in her TikTok clip.
'I don't care that it's normal. I don't care that this crazy type of behavior comes along with the job, the career field I've chosen.
'That does not make it OK, that doesn't make it normal. That doesn't mean that I want it, that doesn't mean that I like it.'
While it is normal to feel down from time to time, people with depression may feel persistently unhappy for weeks or months on end.
Depression can affect anyone at any age and is fairly common – approximately one in ten people are likely to experience it at some point in their life. 
Depression is a genuine health condition which people cannot just ignore or 'snap out of it'.
Symptoms and effects vary, but can include constantly feeling upset or hopeless, or losing interest in things you used to enjoy.
It can also cause physical symptoms such as problems sleeping, tiredness, having a low appetite or sex drive, and even feeling physical pain.
In extreme cases it can lead to suicidal thoughts.
Traumatic events can trigger it, and people with a family history may be more at risk.
It is important to see a doctor if you think you or someone you know has depression, as it can be managed with lifestyle changes, therapy or medication. 
Source: NHS Choices 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group