By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
More than four million people watched the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday night, marking the telecast’s largest audience since the COVID-safe, largely virtual ceremony held in August 2020.
Including first airings and encores simulcast on MTV, Comedy Central, Paramount Network and 10 other channels, the VMAs racked up 4.1 million total viewers, up 8% from last year’s comp.
Simulcasts of just the first airing alone, across 13 networks, delivered 3.1 million viewers, surging 25% from last year. 
Among the night’s highlights, Taylor Swift surpasses Beyoncé in collecting the most Moon Persons of all time, by adding another seven to her career haul, which now totals 30. 

 





In her final speech of the night, Swift celebrated her Video of the Year victory by giving a special shout-out to boyfriend Travis Kelce. “Everything this man touches turns to happiness and fun and magic, so I want to thank him.” She also stressed the importance of 18+ fans to register to vote in the upcoming presidential election.
This year’s many performances includes Eminem opening the show flanked by an army of Slim Shady clones; Video Vanguard honoree Katy Perry serving up a medley of the hits that paved the way to this career-defining moment; Sabrina Carpenter singing “Please Please Please,” her new single “Taste” and — after some PDA with an alien –her monster hit “Espresso”; Chappell Roan belting “Good Luck, Babe!” amid a flaming castle set; and GloRilla just barely dodging a wardrobe malfunction while pairing “Yeah Glo!” with “TGIF.” 
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
It’s not the same anymore, it barely feels like an award show, more like a concert. I didn’t know a third of the preforming acts lol. I miss the Britney days of the VMA’s.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.