Follow us
Outside New York’s Plaza Hotel, the fans are in a frenzy. Blocking every entrance to the grand 19th century building are teenage girls, maybe in their hundreds, struggling to be contained by an exasperated police officer. The Beatles have arrived.
On the street, everything is for sale: from freshly photographed street Polaroids of the boys, to bits of towels that staff insist have been used by the Fab Four. When a news reporter asks why the girls like The Beatles so much, only a few words can be heard from the riot of noise: they’re fabulous, they’re beautiful, they’re everything.
This is a scene from Beatles ‘64, the new documentary from The Beatles and Disney+, directed by David Tedeschi, and executive produced by longtime collaborator Martin Scorsese. In black-and-white documentary footage, restored and seen for the first time, Beatles ‘64 captures the birth of modern fan culture that extends to this day.
The project began with ten cans of 16mm film that Apple sent to Peter Jackson’s Wingnut Films towards the end of the Get Back project, which aired in 2021. The footage was from 1964, when The Beatles were arriving in America for the first time. Northern England’s Granada news sent two American documentary filmmakers to record the band on their 14-day trip. They were the Maysles brothers, Albert and David, and they used hand-held cameras and a portage Nagra tape recording to capture two weeks in the life of The Beatles.
Tedeschi had shadowed Albert Maysles before, when Scorsese hired him to shoot rehearsal footage for the 2008 Rolling Stones documentary, Shine A Light. He remembers Maysles’ remarkable ability to get his subjects to relax and talk freely. This becomes obvious in Beatles ‘64, as we see The Beatles smoking, goofing, sleeping, listening to their own hits on portable Pepsi radios and amusing one another in yet another hotel room.
“1964 is a world on the edge of tremendous change, and this way of making documentary films is another change in consciousness,” says Tedeschi, who says that about eleven hours of footage emerged from the 16mm cans. Tedeschi brainstormed ideas with producer Margaret Bodde and Scorsese, relying on the latter to understand what it was really like at the time. “Marty was the one who was there, he was at NYU at the time,” Tedeschi points out. "He knew what that world was like. Once I had a vision, he urged me to start shooting.”
In 2024, fan culture is under the spotlight, with Chappell Roan arguing against “harassment of any kind” from her audience, and criticising “too many non-consensual” interactions. Meanwhile, with the tragic death of Liam Payne, and recent BBC documentary Boybands Forever, the dark side of pop stardom is increasingly in the news.
Beatles ‘64 is a record of Beatlemania at its most fervent, but it also offers a more positive outlook on the teen pop audience. “When we looked at the footage of the fans on the street, I felt like I’d never seen anything like that before,” says Tedeschi, who began to orient his film around these fans and their stories. “They have something to say and have this tremendous energy. There was this feeling before of diminishing the worthiness of the fans, that they’re just a bunch of dumb girls screaming. It seemed to us that these teenage girls heard something in the music and saw something that nobody else did. Everybody else eventually caught up with that.”
Beatles ‘64 uses contemporary news footage of Marshall McLuhan - the Canadian philosopher behind ‘The Medium is The Message’ - and a new interview with David Lynch to unpack the fandom at the time. “One of the first people we knew we’d like to interview was David Lynch,” says Bodde. "He had been at the Washington Coliseum show as an eighteen year old.” The Twin Peaks filmmaker offers a very Lynchian perspective on what The Beatles unlocked in the American psyche, comparing their appeal to something elemental like “fire or water”.
Tedeschi interviewed Paul McCartney last year while walking around the songwriter’s Eyes Of The Storm photography exhibition. “We were fortunate because he was immersed in that period of time and had done all the work of going through that archive, reprinting all those photographs,” says Bodde. McCartney’s own images of Beatlemania looking back at its audience are interspersed throughout the film. “We interviewed in the space at the Brooklyn Museum surrounded by those photographs and memories,” says Bodde. “1964 was alive in those rooms.”
But it’s the film’s themes of American division and political upheaval that strike the most resonant chord following the presidential election earlier this month. The Beatles touched down in America just weeks after the assassination of President Kennedy, setting a somber tone. “We thought it was the land of freedom,” observes Paul McCartney in the film “and it’s funny, once we got there we realised that wasn’t quite the story.”
For Margaret Bodde, these themes were impossible to ignore. “These kinds of events don’t come out of nowhere,” she says. “If you want to understand what happened in February 1964 you have to know what happened in November 1963. The country was still reeling from that shock.”
Tedeschi says he did not set out to make a film focusing on civil rights – which had already been covered in Ron Howard’s Eight Days A Week documentary – but it became unavoidable. “The Beatles on that first American tour had refused to play for segregated audiences [in Jacksonville, Florida]” says Tedeschi. “In the film we see this piece of John Lennon talking about how they have tried to stamp out rock’n’roll from the beginning because its roots were Black music and it allowed kids to move freely, and had sexual innuendos.”
This is underscored in Beatles ‘64 by interviews with Ronnie Spector – before her death in 2021 – and Smokey Robinson. How The Beatles were influenced by Black America, and how Black artists responded to that creativity, is a story that continues into 2024, with Beyoncé’s new interpretation of The Beatles’ 1968 Blackbird – now titled “BLACKBIIRD” – on her Cowboy Carter album.
Perhaps the most indelible image of The Beatles’ career is one that appears on Beatles ‘64: the Ed Sullivan Show appearance. On February 9th 1964, over 73 million viewers watched The Beatles’ first televised performance. It’s a moment that is still referenced now: from Outkast’s Hey Ya video, to Boygenius’ 2023 SNL appearance mimicking the same moment. For the documentary, producer Giles Martin used Apple’s unique digital de-mixing technology to reassemble and restore the sound from that performance. “Our minds were blown,” says Bodde. “You could hear the band, you could hear every nuance. It seemed revolutionary that you could take a mono track [and] separate it into its parts. We were really excited about that.”
With the restored Maysles footage and new audio, The Beatles are brought into present day. Similarly contemporary is the message of Beatles ‘64, telling a prescient story about America, music fandom, and a time of shocking generational upheaval. For Tedeschi, after months spent in 1964 – combing through archive footage and forgotten newsreels – it was this moment of clear generational change that stood out. “I had known this but I had suppressed it: how much there was an establishment in the United States that was against The Beatles,” he says. “That didn’t want them to succeed and worked to prevent their success. I found it fascinating.” The Beatles in 1964 showed there was no preventing them and, as he says, that “this new generation was playing by a new set of rules.”
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast