Manage your account
Quavo gave a moving speech during Vice President Harris’ rally in Atlanta on Tuesday (July 30), sharing his support for Harris’ commitment to tackling gun violence and running the first-ever White House Office of Gun Violence Prevention.
“One of these issues that I care about is resolving the gun violence issues,” Quavo told the crowd. “You can’t understand the struggle of gun violence if you not in the field or in the heart of it. So, one thing I learned from working with Vice President Harris is she always stand on business. From inviting me to the White House last year to discuss these solutions, to passing the biggest gun safety laws today.”
More from Billboard
Jhene Aiko Begins Second Half of Magic Hour Tour Tonight in LA
Chrissy Teigen Reveals Son Miles' Type 1 Diabetes Diagnosis
U.K. Police Clash With Violent Crowd Gathered Near Site of Fatal Stabbings at Taylor Swift-Themed Dance Class
He continued, “So, it’s only right in the birthplace of the culture is also the same place to launch the first African-American woman to run for president.”
In 2022, Takeoff, Quavo’s nephew and Migos bandmate, was tragically shot and killed. Since then, Quavo has remained steadfast in his commitment to gun violence prevention, having been involved with the Office of Gun Violence Prevention since its inception.
If elected, Harris would be the first woman, first person of South Asian descent and first HBCU graduate to serve as president of the United States of America.
While the Harris campaign has yet to name the Vice President’s running mate, the operation has notably embraced pop music as the election cycle barrels onwards. In addition to explicitly referencing Charli xcx’s Brat and Chappell Roan’s “Femininomenon,” the Harris camp also used Beyoncé and Kendrick Lamar’s 2016 Grammy-nominated anthem “Freedom” as their official campaign song.
Best of Billboard
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Anne Wilson's 'I Still Believe in Christmas' Crowns Christian Airplay Chart