Audio By Carbonatix

           To ring in the New Year, Google has released its annual Year in Search trends, a summary of some of the top trending items. The rankings cover music, sports, and the hottest locales “near me.” The analysis compared search trends from 2023 to 2024, highlighting items with heightened search interest in 2024. To be clear, this is not a list of the most searched items.     


           Here are some of the things we are leaving in 2024.    


           It was a big year for Kendrick Lamar, whose infamous feud with Drake inspired a string of diss tracks that targeted several members of his hit list. The Hollywood gossip enthralled listeners everywhere, especially Dallas. But it was an even bigger year for women, who dominated the charts in 2024. Breakout star Chappell Roan’s sapphic ballads drew massive crowds all year. Megan Thee Stallion brought Japanese superstar Yuki Chiba into the American spotlight in symphonic syncopation. Finally, two legends, Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars, collaborated to make “Die With A Smile,” which was the longest-reigning number one hit.

           1. "Not Like Us" – Kendrick Lamar
           2. "Meet the Grahams" – Kendrick Lamar 
           3. "Good Luck, Babe!" – Chappell Roan
           4. "Mamushi" – Megan Thee Stallion ft. Yuki Chiba 
           5. "Die With A Smile" – Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars  


           Over 72,000 people attended the Jake Paul vs. Mike Tyson fight in Arlington. The showdown between the YouTuber and once-retired boxing great brought even more eyes to DFW through streaming. The Netflix exclusive program was so popular that the streaming platform crashed. It was a bad year for the Cowboys, whose failure to make the playoffs was reflected in their failure to trend on Google.

           1. Mike Tyson vs. Jake Paul
           2. Baltimore Ravens vs. Kansas City Chiefs
           3. Canelo Álvarez vs. Jaime Munguia
           4. Canelo Álvarez vs. Edgar Berlanga
           5. Ryan Garcia vs. Devin Haney  



        Top Trending Olympians     


           The race for the presidency was unusually dramatic, thanks to an assassination attempt and a last-minute switch in the Democratic party’s nominee. Dallasites eagerly searched for their nearest polling location. Oh, and 4DX movie theaters piqued a great deal of interest, as did homeowners' insurance. Finally, in the path of a once-in-a-lifetime solar eclipse, the people of DFW were searching for protective glasses to witness the rare total eclipse.
 
           1. 4DX theater near me
           2. Homeowners' insurance near me 
           3. Where to vote near me
           4. Early voting near me
           5. Solar eclipse glasses near me  

By Alyssa Fields
By Emma Ruby
By Alyssa Fields
By Emma Ruby