It’s time for one of the most exciting nights in the music industry—the MTV VMAs. The awards show, which celebrates the best songs, music videos and artists over the past year, is always filled with major performances and, for better or worse, plenty of viral moments, from Kanye Swift interrupting Taylor Swift’s 2009 acceptance speech to the Madonna, Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera kiss in 2003.

					Thank you for signing up!				

					By clicking submit, you agree to our <a href="http://observermedia.com/terms">terms of service</a> and acknowledge we may use your information to send you emails, product samples, and promotions on this website and other properties. You can opt out anytime.				
The 2024 MTV VMAs will take place at the UBS Arena in Elmont, New York, and it’s sure to be a standout ceremony. Megan Thee Stallion is hosting for the first time (and will also perform), and Katy Perry is receiving the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award. Chappell Roan, Halsey, Lenny Kravitz, Sabrina Carpenter and Shawn Mendes are just a few of the planned performances.
Taylor Swift is nominated for the most awards of the evening—12, to be exact. Last year, she was nominated for 11, and took home a staggering nine trophies, bringing her to a grand total of 23 VMA wins over her career. Post Malone is just behind Swift in this year’s noms, with 11.
The ceremony begins at 8 p.m. ET on Wednesday, Sept. 11, but before the Moonman statues are handed out, attendees will show off their ensembles on the VMAs red carpet. Stars tend to go all out with their fashion choices for the MTV VMAs; it’s an awards show where celebs can show off a unique sense of style and opt for more playful, out-there looks—don’t forget that this is the very awards show that brought us iconic sartorial moments like Lil’ Kim’s purple jumpsuit and pasty, Lady Gaga’s meat dress and Pamela Anderson’s comically enormous feathered pink hat.
Below, see all the best looks from the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards red carpet.
in Dior 
in Area 
in Nicole + Felicia 
in Bronx and Banco
in Roberto Cavalli 
in PatBo
in Alex Perry 
in Tony Ward Couture 
Perry in Who Decides War, Bloom in Celine 
in Celia Kritharioti
in Dolce & Gabbana 
Qualley in Chanel 
in Dolce & Gabbana 
in Claire Sullivan
in vintage Bob Mackie 
in Nensi Dojaka
in Sophie Couture 
in Versace 
in Dolce & Gabbana 
in Y/Project
in Lever Couture 
in Mugler 
We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.We'd really appreciate it.
Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser:
Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain.
Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site.
Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Disable on Observer.com.