Chappell Roan sings onstage in New York City on October 17th, 2023. Photo courtesy of Amy, @amycieslikphotography on Instagram.
From opening for Olivia Rodrigo’s GUTS tour to taking the stage at Coachella, Chappell Roan has grown in fame in the past year. 
The 26-year-old’s 2023 album, “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess,” took social media platforms like Tiktok by storm with hits like “Red Wine Supernova” and “Casual.” Before her studio album debut, Roan released the song “Pink Pony Club,” which also gained popularity with its contrasting lyrics: mourning leaving behind your hometown, but finding new life on stage in the West Coast. 
Roan’s music is a delightful take on radio pop. Unapologetically queer, Roan’s music manages to take sexual lyrics and pair them with fun beats and lyricism that pulls listeners in. 
The artist’s songs remind listeners of common and relatable experiences for many in their twenties, and refuse to allow the shame surrounding women’s sexual pleasure to get in the way. 
In an age of developing acceptance for LGBTQ people — but also times of political unrest surrounding LGBTQ rights — Roan’s music reminds listeners that people share common experiences regardless of sexuality – awkward sexual encounters, loneliness, and lame exes – along with love and the desire to be wanted. 
Many of Roan’s songs share lyrics relating to her personal romantic or sexual experiences with women, but people of all genders and sexualities – and people with no experience at all – can enjoy Roan’s music and feel understood by her easy going attitude and honesty about difficult emotions. 
Roan also brings to stage a presence different from many present day pop artists. Her colorful and costumey clothing, along with a pale face and vibrant makeup, bring memories of early Madonna, Lady Gaga, and Elton John. 
With her vibrant red hair curling around her shoulders and her band in a variety of outfits, Roan brings “alternative” styles a little closer to mainstream. Her appearance is colorful, exciting, and fun, while pairing  wonderfully with both her lively and more soulful songs. 
Chappell Roan’s most popular song is the single released April 5, “Good Luck, Babe.” The song was teased on Tiktok and other social media platforms for months. Much anticipated, it quickly rose in streams upon release. 
According to Genius “Roan looks back on a secret relationship with a woman from her past and the struggle with compulsory heterosexuality that ultimately broke them up.” 
Many people on social media have shared how they relate to the song – especially its discussion of compulsory heterosexuality and how it has affected their relationships. 
The song opens with the lyrics “It's fine, it's cool
You can say that we are nothing, but you know the truth
And guess I'm the fool
With her arms out like an angel through the car sunroof,” which describes Roan’s romance with a woman who can’t acknowledge their relationship as it truly is. 
Many of Roan’s most popular songs are upbeat and fast paced, but songs like “Good Luck, Babe” show a more emotional perspective as Roan’s voice takes a soulful tone. Roan has a powerful voice, similar to Adele according to some listeners, and is able to take on the variety of styles well. 
Chappell Roan is currently touring for her debut album. Dates and locations can be found on her website iamchappellroan.com.
The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.
A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!
Ⓒ 2021 University of Alaska Anchorage UA is an AA/EO employer and educational institution and prohibits illegal discrimination against any individual. Learn more about UA's notice of nondiscrimination. UAA strives to make its online experiences accessible. Learn more about our Accessibility policy and how to provide feedback.