Get local news delivered to your inbox!
E-edition PLUS unlimited articles & videos
Personalized news alerts with our mobile app
*FREE access to newspapers.com archives
Hundreds of games, puzzles & comics online
*Refers to the latest 2 years of stltoday.com stories. Cancel anytime.
Chappell Roan
Missouri native and pop singer Chappell Roan landed her dream gig when she was booked as an opening act on superstar Olivia Rodrigo’s sold-out tour, coming to Enterprise Center March 12.
The Blender by Kevin C. Johnson keeps you up to date with the latest concert news and more from the St. Louis music scene. 
“It really is like a dream come true. I always wanted to play in an arena. It’s been on my bucket list,” says the Willard, Missouri, native, now performing night after night in cities like Chicago, Dallas, New Orleans, Miami and Nashville with Rodrigo.
“I feel like Hannah Montana honestly,” says Roan, referring to the Disney character who was a secret pop star, played by Miley Cyrus.
“It feels really surreal, but I’m so grateful. She’s so kind and giving, and it just feels right. I don’t feel like I’m not ready for it or that I’m unprepared. I’ve worked for a decade to get to this point.”
Rodrigo’s team reached out to Roan’s team to inquire about touring together, Roan says.
“She just asked, and I was like ‘yes’ (laughs). It was very, ‘Wow. Yes, yes, yes, I would love to.’ Duh, yeah. I really look up to her,” Roan says. Rodrigo has also sent Roan flowers several times, including for her birthday. “She texts me sweet things. She and the people around her are always the sweetest.”
Playing big arenas like Enterprise Center with upwards of 15,000 people per show is an emotional experience, Roan says. And that’s especially true for her when everyone else in the room is also emotional.
“That energy is very strong, like a solar flare, very spiritual almost. A show, no matter how big or small can feel spiritual. But it’s a lot stronger with more people,” she says.
Her 40-minute set on Rodrigo’s tour showcases Roan as a ball of energy, one decked out in a number of glittery ensembles.
“I run around on stage. It’s cardio on stage. I’m dead after each show, but it’s the most fun I can have in 40 minutes.”
Roan is also headlining a concert at St. Louis Music Park on May 30, where her fans will get her full 90-minute show. (The sold-out concert was originally scheduled for the Pageant but moved due to demand).
Her headlining shows are themed affairs in which fans come in costumes. The themes are named after her song titles.
“It’s fun to give people a reason to dress up. It’s a communal thing,” says Roan.
Both versions of her show are incredible, she says, but “my (headlining) show feels more like home because it’s mine.”
Roan is touring on the heels of her 2023 debut album “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess.” The album features songs like “Pink Pony Club,” “Naked in Manhattan,” “My Kink Is Karma,” and “Red Wine Supernova.”
Slumber party pop is how she describes the album. It’s “my version of a (small town) girl who is finding herself in the big city where she’s exposed to all these queer experiences. It’s a documentation of my life and experiences.” (Roan identifies as queer).
The album was a whopping four years in the making, a period she describes as intense.
“It took a lot of tenacity and persistence, and it was difficult to see an end in sight. I’m grateful I kept going. But it was super exhausting: years and years of figuring it out, having part-time jobs during all of it.” She also lived at home with her parents during part of the recording process.
Chappell Roan album cover
“The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess” landed Roan some great placements, such as Spotify’s Artist to Watch in 2024 and Amazon Music’s Breakthrough Artist of 2023.
“I knew my fans would love it. I didn’t realize it would grow so quickly. That’s just crazy to me. People are just hungry for pop. Pop is so special. Anthemic pop is infectious. I love to make that kind of pop, especially when it’s directed towards the queer community,” says Roan.
Her influences include the 2000s-era Lady Gaga and Rihanna, older pop from Madonna and Alanis Morissette and 1980s synth pop.
She’s proud of her work on the album, and says she’s even in love with it, something she hasn’t always been able to say regarding her work.
“It’s hard to release an album you don’t love, and I’ve done that before,” says Roan, who has been releasing singles since 2017. She released an EP, “School Nights,” in 2017.
“But I love the world I’m building around (the album).”
It’s a different world from where she grew up in small-town Missouri. Having lived and breathed the Midwest, she has a different perspective on it than what she believes the rest of the country has.
“A lot of people on the coasts think it’s a monolith of Trump supporters. But there’s St. Louis, Kansas City, Chicago. They forget about the big cities. There’s queer people in the teeny tiny towns, and there’s drag queens everywhere, so I see it differently. I’m inspired there are so many tiny queer communities in no-man’s-land towns, and I’m grateful I’m from the Midwest.”
What: Olivia Rodrigo’s “Guts World Tour” with Chappell Roan
When: 7:30 p.m. March 12
Where: Enterprise Center, 1401 Clark Avenue
How much: Sold out
More info: ticketmaster.com
The Blender by Kevin C. Johnson keeps you up to date with the latest concert news and more from the St. Louis music scene. 
Tom O'Keefe, booking and marketing manager at the Family Arena, breaks down some simple ways to make sure you're paying the best price for concert tickets. 
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Popular music critic	
New exhibits are also opening at the Contemporary Art Museum and Pulitzer Arts Foundation, plus catch Tower of Power at the Factory this week …
Olivia Rodrigo boasted a comfortable confidence that made her irresistible throughout her 90-minute concert at Enterprise Center.
Plus, Yo-Yo Ma will perform a sold-out show with the symphony and Patti LaBelle is coming to town.
The Williard, Missouri, native has broken attendance records at her concerts as her latest album climbs the charts.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.