Albums by Swift, Gracie Abrams, Billie Eilish, Chappell Roan, Ariana Grande and Charli XCX populate the new top 10.

													By
												

	Keith Caulfield


	Six different women are in the top 10 on the latest Billboard 200 albums chart (dated July 6), marking the first time that’s happened in nearly five years — and the first time this decade.

Taylor Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department holds at No. 1 for a 10th consecutive week, Gracie Abrams‘ The Secret of Us debuts at No. 2, Billie Eilish’s Hit Me Hard and Soft is No. 4, Chappell Roan’s The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess is No. 6, Ariana Grande’s Eternal Sunshine is No. 8 and Charli XCX’s Brat is No. 9. (The July 6-dated chart will be posted in full on Billboard‘s website on July 2.)

	










	The last time there were at least six different women (or women-led acts) in the top 10 was nearly five years ago. It last happened on the Sept. 21, 2019-dated chart, with Swift’s Lover (No. 1), Melanie Martinez’s K-12 (No. 3), Lizzo’s Cuz I Love You (No. 6), Eilish’s When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? (No. 8), Lana Del Rey’s Norman F—ing Rockwell! (No. 9) and all-women band The Highwomen’s self-titled album (No. 10).




			Trending on Billboard		






	The last time the top 10 housed six albums by women, including multiple albums by the same artist, was earlier in 2024, on the Jan. 27-dated chart. That week, Swift had three albums in the top 10, joined by albums from Kali Uchis, Nicki Minaj and SZA.

The Billboard 200 chart ranks the most popular albums of the week in the U.S. based on multi-metric consumption as measured in equivalent album units, compiled by Luminate. Units comprise album sales, track equivalent albums (TEA) and streaming equivalent albums (SEA). Each unit equals one album sale, or 10 individual tracks sold from an album, or 3,750 ad-supported or 1,250 paid/subscription on-demand official audio and video streams generated by songs from an album. The new July 6, 2024-dated chart will be posted in full on Billboard‘s website on July 2. For all chart news, follow @billboard and @billboardcharts on both X, formerly known as Twitter, and Instagram.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.