By EVE BUCKLAND and KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:14, 22 August 2024   |  Updated:  19:52, 22 August 2024   
 63
View  comments
Megan Thee Stallion has been announced as the host for next month's MTV Video Music Awards - but not all fans are happy about it.    
The Hot Girl Summer rapper, 29, who has previously hosted SNL and The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, will take to the stage on September 11.
The star is nominated for five awards including  including best collaboration and best hip-hop. 
She previously won best power anthem for Hot Girl Summer.
However fans took to social media with a mixed reaction to the announcement - with some lauding Megan and others bringing up her notable feuds with other rap stars including Cardi B and Nicki Minaj.
Megan Thee Stallion has been announced as the host for next month's MTV Video Music Awards - but not all fans are happy about it - pictured July
One fan wrote: It's wild how many people are genuinely livid that Megan Thee Stallion has a management company that's good. Y'all want her making bad business decisions so bad. 
Another penned - referencing Minaj's fanbase: 'Megan Thee Stallion hosting VMAs? Oh I know the barbz talking the MOST s**t!!!'
Oh, this is definitely going to cause a massive fan war in just three, two, one. 
Another wrote: 'Why does no one talk about a monarchy?
'A monarchy with a real queen, who looks like Megan Thee Stallion @theestallion
'It will continue to get worse every four years. How can you continue to vote and keep this fraud system alive?'
Another typed: 'It burns a hole in what’s left of Nicki’s soul to see the other rap girls thriving
'Megan hosting the VMAs in QUEENS making her spiral again'
However fans took to social media with a mixed reaction to the announcement - with some lauding Megan and others bringing up her notable feuds with other rap stars including Cardi B and Nicki Minaj (pictured March) 
Another penned - referencing Minaj's fanbase: 'Megan Thee Stallion hosting VMAs? Oh I know the barbz talking the MOST s**t!!!' - Megan pictured June 
'copying nicki with everything. how pitiful.'
In June Megan  seemingly reignited her better feud with Minaj in her 'diss track'.
Five months after Nicki shot fire at Megan, in her song Big Foot, Megan has now hit back at the rapper, 41, in her new single Rattle, and fans have spotted the exact moment.
The pairs' feud ignited after Megan appeared to mock Nicki and her husband Kenneth in her track Hiss. 
Ever since then, the rapper's have locked horns back and forth and it seems they aren't stopping anytime soon.
In Nicki's song Big Foot, she sings: 'You know I got a lot of tea, I went easy on you.'
And Megan appears to hit back at her cryptic comments with lyrics in her new song reading: 'Ain’t got no tea on me, this h** think she tmz.'
If the subtle dig wasn't enough, Megan went in on Nicki's personal life and said: 'Worry bout your man and your kid. your life must be boring as f***'
Fans are convinced Megan's lyrics are a clear dig at Nicki as they took to X, formerly known as Twitter to share their thoughts.
Some comments read: 'Megan Thee Stallion is attempting to boost her album sales by dissing Nicki Minaj, a tactic commonly used by new female rappers. Additionally, Megan's music is sounding the same, with her latest song 'Hiss'.'
'Is Nicki Minaj now on the clock guys??? Looks like Megan thee stallion dissed her' 
'Nicki Minaj in bigfoot: You know I got a lot of tea, I went easy on you Megan thee stallion: ain’t got no tea on me, this hoe think she tmz. 
'She then said "worry bout your man and your kid. your life must be boring as f-ck" Kelsey has two kids, no one. It's about nicki.'
Lenny Kravitz, Halsey, Benson Boone, and Blackpink's Lisa were all added to the lineup that will hit the big stage at USB Arena in Long Island, New York on September 11
The list of performers for next month's MTV Video Music Awards recently got another dose of star power.
Lenny Kravitz, Halsey, Benson Boone, and Blackpink's Lisa were all added to the lineup that will hit the big stage at USB Arena in Long Island, New York on September 11, according to a number of publications including People.
For Kravitz, who is currently out promoting his latest studio album Blue Electric Light, this will mark his return to the VMAs following his previous performances in 1998 when he joined Madonna for Ray Of Light, and in 1993 when he rocked the house with his hit Are You Gonna Go My Way.
Nominated for 14 VMAs during her career, Halsey (born Ashley Nicolette Frangipane) is set to perform a new song off of her much-anticipated new album, although which one remains a mystery.
Both Boone, who comes into the event with his first three nominations, and Lisa (born Pranpriya Manobal), who scored four nods of her own, will be making their performance debuts at this year's MTV VMAs.
These four musical artists join previously announced performers Sabrina Carpenter, Camila Cabello, Chappell Roan, GloRilla, Rauw Alejandro and Katy Perry, who will also receive the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard award.
Kravitz, 60, will come into the live event having been nominated in the Best Rock category for his single Human, which has some stiff competition going up against Green Day's Dilemma, U2's Atomic City, Coldplay's feelslikeimfallinginlove, King's Of Leon's Mustang, and Bon Jovi's Legendary. 
While the rocker is up for one award this time around, over the course of his career he landed seven noms, winning one for Best Male Video for Are You Gonna Go My Way in 1993.
To date, he has released the three new singles K421, Human, and Paralyzed for Blue Electric Light, the 12th studio album of his storied career, which has garnered more than 40 million album sales worldwide since his debut Let Love Rule (1989).
Halsey, 29, has been stepping up her promotional push for her upcoming fifth studio album by dropping the single The End in June, followed by Lucky the following month, and most recently Lonely Is The Muse, which was released on August 15.
This will be her first album since her concept album, If I Can't Have Love, I Want Power (2021), which served as her final album for Capitol before parting ways in April 2023.
While not nominated for an award this year, Halsey has previously been recognized with 14 noms over the course of her career starting in 2016, winning once in the Best K-Pop category for Boy with Luv (with BTS).
Benson Boone, 22, will be making his debut at the VMAs both as a nominated musical artist and as one of the performers
Knows as a member of the South Korean girl group Blackpink, Lisa (born Pranpriya Manobal), 27, is making her solo debut to the VMAs' main stage after making VMA history in 2022 as the first solo female K-pop star and Korean soloist to win a Moon Person
A first-time VMAs nominee, Boone is up for three awards, including Best New Artist and Best Alternative. 
Pop superstar Taylor Swift will head into the VMA ceremony with the distinction of having the most nominations, with 10 in all.
Riding on the success of his hit singles Ghost Town and In The Stars, Boone released his debut studio album Fireworks & Rollerblades (2024) in late April and scored another hit with Beautiful Things.
By reaching number two on the Billboard Hot 100 and number one on the UK Singles Chart, it's likely, although not confirmed, that he would perform the lead single when he takes the VMAs stage.
The Fly Away rocker heads into the VMAs on tour in support of Blue Electric Light, which is his 12th studio album of his storied career that has garnered more than 40 million album sales
Halsey , 29, has been stepping up her promo push for her fifth studio album by dropping the single The End in June, followed by Lucky the next month, and Lonely Is The Muse on August 15
Lisa, who's best known as a member of the South Korean girl group Blackpink, is making her solo debut to the VMAs' main stage after making VMA history in 2022 as the first solo female K-pop star and Korean soloist to win a Moon Person, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
The rapper scored her first VMA recognition with nominations for The Best Art Direction, Best Choreography, Best Editing, and Best K-Pop for her song Rockstar. 
The VMAs, which will honor the best music videos, artists, and songs released between June 22, 2023, and June 20, 2024, was originally set to be held September 10, but was rescheduled to a day later to avoid conflicts with the presidential debate between Vice-President Kamala Harris and former President Donald J. Trump.
The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards are now set to go off on Wednesday, September 11, live from USB Arena in Long Island, New York at 8 p.m. ET/PT.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group