Less than a month after Olivia Rodrigo had a similar fall in the same city 
Coldplay‘s Chris Martin had a little tumble onstage while performing in Melbourne, Australia over the weekend.
During a show at the Marvel Stadium in Melbourne for the band’s ‘Music Of The Spheres’ tour, the frontman was addressing the crowd after a performance of ‘Everglow’ when he fell through a trap door as he was walking backwards.
Martin’s fall was somewhat cushioned by a crew member who stuck his hands out through the hole to catch Martin. Martin said after getting back on his feet: “Thank you for catching me, so much. Holy shit, that was nearly a YouTube moment.”
See footage of the fall below.
The moment Chris Martin fell through a trapdoor right in front of me at the #Coldplay concert tonight. pic.twitter.com/qIdzMEGG0s
— Greg Briggs (@greg__briggs) November 3, 2024
Martin’s fall comes less than a month after Olivia Rodrigo experienced a similar incident in Melbourne. While performing at the Rod Laver Arena last month for the ‘Guts’ world tour, Rodrigo fell through a hole in the stage before quickly popping back up and quipping: “Oh my God, that was fun! I’m okay! Wow. Sometimes, there’s just a hole in the stage. That’s alright! Alright, where was I?”
Next year, Coldplay will take their ‘Music Of The Spheres’ world tour to North America before returning to the UK for performances in London and Hull. They will play a historic 10-night run at Wembley Stadium in the capital – beating the previous venue record set by Taylor Swift and Take That.
Chris Martin of Coldplay performs in 2023 (Photo by Sergione Infuso/Corbis via Getty Images for ABA)
Coldplay most recently released their 10th studio album, ‘Moon Music’, at the start of October. It has since become the fastest-selling record by a UK act in 2024 so far and earned the biggest week for a British act on the UK’s Official Albums Chart since Adele‘s ’30’.
Ahead of the record’s release, Martin spoke to NME exclusively in his only written interview for the album. The wide-ranging conversation saw the frontman reveal the topics that had inspired the record and how the band were coming to the end of writing new music.
As for whether Coldplay were still planning on concluding their recorded catalogue after 12 albums, Martin told NME: “The 12 album thing is very real, and it’s a nice feeling. It doesn’t mean we won’t tour or finish some compilation things or outtakes or whatever. It just means that the main story is told. That’s just what feels really right. Just knowing that’s happening supercharges all the work we’re doing now.”
Chris Martin of Coldplay. CREDIT: Monica Schipper/Getty Images
Elsewhere, Martin said this deadline had led to the members having “more hunger” in their creative approach, and determined to make sure they don’t “dilute” anything they put out. He reassured fans that by the time their 12th album is complete, “everything will make sense” in terms of Coldplay’s story.
Read NME’s exclusive interview with Martin in full here, where he also talked about the likes of Fontaines D.C., IDLES, Chappell Roan, Coldplay’s history-making set at Glastonbury 2024 and the band’s vow to help support grassroots venues across the UK.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.