Oxfordshire is a great place to live and visit for all sorts of history and culture, arts and music – and gets to enjoy some big names at its venues.


  The Oxford Mail has rounded up all of the big music acts coming to the county in 2025.


Gary Barlow
  Nocturne Live at Blenheim Palace, Woodstock, Friday, June 20 2025


Gary Barlow, Take That boy band member will be performing at Blenheim Palace’s impressive concert series line up in the summer of 2025.


  The concert’s 10-year anniversary will see the singer-songwriter return to the stage on his This Life On Tour where he’s played to his fanbase around the world with tracks from his 2023 album of the same name.


  Blenheim Palace’s annual summer concerts see the country home transformed into an open-air 10,000 guest music venue for five nights.


Gary Barlow will perform at Blenheim Palace next summer (Image: Blenheim Palace)


Truck Festival: Kasabian, Blossoms and The Last Dinner Party
  Truck Festival at Hill Farm, Steventon, July 24 – 27 2025


  A huge and exciting line up has already been announced for Truck Festival 2025, with many more to come.


  The popular festival, dubbed “the UK’s most warped village fete” takes place at Hill Farm in Steventon every year, bringing the biggest established and emerging artists to the county.


  Headliners announced so far for the 3-day, multiple-stage festival include Nothing But Thieves, Kasabian and Courteneers.


   Sweeping genres, acts like Bloc Party, Blossoms, The Last Dinner Party, Franz Ferdinand and Wunderhorse will also put in shows.


  Find the full line up so far here.


Truck festival 2025 headliners include Nothing But Thieves and Kasabian


Basement Jaxx
  Wilderness Festival in Cornbury Park, Charlbury, July 31 – August 3 2025


  English electronic music duo Basement Jaxx who rose to popularity in the underground house scene of the mid-1990s are returning to the stage after 10 years away from live performing.


  They’re the first headliner announced for Oxfordshire’s Wilderness Festival, a popular four-day party promising “escapism” for its visitors. In the past, its hosted talents like Bjork, Robert Plant, Grace Jones and Nile Rodgers.


Reading Festival: Hozier, Chappel Roan, Bring me the Horizon, and Travis Scott
  Reading Festival at Little John’s Farm, Richfield Avenue, Reading, August 21 – 24 2025


  The longest-running popular music festival in the UK, which just so happens to be on Oxfordshire’s doorstep, is back with some huge headliners for 2025.


  On Friday, August 21, Hozier and viral breakout Chappell Roan will head a lineup including the Kooks, Wallows, AJ Tracey and Sofia Isella.


  Saturday, August 22, will welcome Bring me the Horizon, Becky Hill, Conan Grey and Wunderhorse.


  Its final day of music, Sunday, August 23 will see the festival host rapper Travis Scott, as well as Sammy Virji, Trippie Redd, Suki Waterhouse, luvcat and Girls Don’t Sync.


  Full line up here.Reading Festival has some huge headliners next year Martin Kemp
  O2 Academy Oxford, Cowley Road, May 24 2025


  Returning with his annual “Back to the 80s” DJ set, English musician and Eastenders actor Martin Kemp will bring nostalgia and bass to the Oxford O2 Academy next year. Fancy dress is encouraged.


Richard Ashcroft
  Nocturne Live at Blenheim Palace, Woodstock, June 19 2025


  Frontman of alternative rock band the Verve in the 90s, Richard Ashcroft is a legendary and award-winning singer and songwriter.


  He was the first act announced to headline Nocturne Live, Blenheim Palace’s summer concert series, to perform on Thursday, June 19.


Richard Ashcroft, formerly of the Verve, will headline at Blenheim Palace (Image: Dean Chalkley) Sophie Ellis-Bextor
  New Theatre Oxford, Saturday, June 7, 2025


  Sophie Ellis-Bextor enjoyed a revival in her music popularity after her 2001 hit Murder on the Dancefloor featured in popular 2023 film Saltburn.


  The singer songwriter will perform for one night only at Oxford’s prominent New Theatre, in June 2025.


Headliners at Henley, Rewind and Big Festivals
  Henley Festival at Leander Club, Henley on Thames, July 9 – 13 2025:
  Some of the headliners at Henley over the years have been huge. In 2024, it welcomed Nicole Sherzinger and Sam Ryder. Previously, the riverside town has seen Rag n bone man, Tom Jones, Jessie J, James Blunt, Rita Ora, Nigel Rogers, and even the great Elton John.


  Big Festival at Alex James’ Farm, Cotswolds, August 22 – 24 2025:
  Acts over the years include Snow Patrol, Stereophonics, Lewis Capaldi, Becky Hill, Elbow, Fatboy Slim, Faithless, Anne-Marie. DJ sets all night and several music stages across the farm.


  Rewind Festival at Temple Island Meadows, Henley on Thames, August 15 – 17 2025:
  A music festival celebrating all things 80s, with entertainment, camping, bars discos and more on offer, previous headliners have included Bananarama, Rick Asley, Jimmy Somerville, and Adam Ant.


Fairport Cropredy Convention 2025: legendary folk actsFairport Cropredy Convention, near Banbury, August 7 – 9 2025


  The annual festival has been hosting contemporary and legendary folk acts since it was founded in 1980 and offers a traditional festival experience without corporate sponsors or high prices.


  This year, it will welcome performances from The Salts, Urban Folk Quartet, and Plumhall, among others.


The Jericho Tavern: Ryley Walker and Fionn Regan


  Hugely popular pub and music venue The Jericho Tavern in Walton Street, Oxford, will host more up and coming artists for gigs next year.


  The likes of Ryley Walker, a powerful folk singer from Illinois, and Irish indie singer Fionn Regan will grace the stage that once saw acts like Radiohead, Ride and Supergrass propelled to fame.


New Theatre Oxford: Jack Savoretti and Sydnie Christmas
  New Theatre Oxford will welcome several emerging artists in its programme next year.


  After winning Britain’s Got Talent 2024, Sydnie Christmas announced her My Way Tour, her debut tour after her album of the same name, which will stop at Oxford New Theatre for one night on Friday, February 14.


  Jack Savoretti, an English Italian acoustic musician, who’s enjoyed breakout success in recent years, will perform at the venue on March 9, on his UK solo winter tour.


Jack Savoretti will perform at New Theatre Oxford in March 2025 (Image: Tom Craig) The Bullingdon: Dreadzone, Peat & Diesel, Marisa and the Moths


  The Bullingdon is a historic and popular independent live music venue. With gigs already lined up throughout the year, the venue will host the likes of Dreadzone, a popular reggae and dub act, Peat & Diesel, a viral folk rock band from Stornoway, and Marisa and the Moths, a highly regarded modern rock band, on its stage this year.


Help support trusted local news


  Sign up for a digital subscription now: https://www.oxfordmail.co.uk/subscribe/


  As a digital subscriber you will get:            


      Unlimited access to the Oxford Mail website        
    

      Advert-light access             
    

      Reader rewards             
    

      Full access to our app
    

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.