Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Clark University, with a master's from both Clark University and Northwestern University. She was part of the team named a finalist for the Goldsmith Prize for Investigation as well as a winner of the George Polk award for their work uncovering Phillips Respironics wrongdoings with their breathing machines. You can get in touch with Monica by emailing m.sager@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
In 2020, now-Vice President Kamala Harris told then-Vice President Mike Pence "I'm speaking," as he interrupted her in a debate, sparking memes and an infamous catchphrase.
Now, Harris supporters are reclaiming the slogan and putting it on merchandise for sale online from sites like Etsy and the Human Rights Campaign.
"Inspired by this iconic moment of the 2020 Vice Presidential Debate, our I'm Speaking Sweatshirt sends a powerful message," The Human Rights Campaign wrote. "Wear it proudly and make your voice heard!"
Harris had shut down a heckler at a Michigan rally with the same "I'm speaking" phrase earlier in August. The Democratic presidential nominee was speaking to supporters about the infamous Project 2025 conservative policy initiative when a group of pro-Palestinian spectators could be heard chanting, in part, "We won't vote for genocide."
Harris paused her speech to tell the group, "You know what, if you want Donald Trump to win, then say that. Otherwise, I'm speaking."
The Human Rights Campaign, the largest LGBTQ political lobbying organization, is using all of its proceeds from the I'm Speaking Sweatshirt for "the fight for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer equality."
"Everything about this is perfect," said buyer Kiira K.
The organization is also selling other Harris-meme filled merchandise, like a bright green "she's so kamala" shirt in commemoration of Charlie XCX's album "Brat." There's also a Taylor-Swift-esque shirt with the phrase "In My Voting Era" as well as a lot of pride themed options.
On Etsy, the e-commerce site for selling handmade and vintage items, a search for "I'm Speaking" populates with over 1,000 results. There are sweatshirts, cards, t-shirts, baseball caps, mugs, magnets, jewelry and even a baby onesie with the phrase "I'm speaking."
For many of the Etsy merchants, the products are currently their bestsellers. One buyer even commented on EnochDesignUS's shirt that they bought six. Many throughout the site is sharing photos of them trying on the t-shirts and hoodies. Some say they bought the items for the nieces, husbands, grandchildren and more to celebrate. Even more are commenting about the compliments they receive when sporting their new goods.
DiamondCraftTees called their shirt, which also has Harris's profile image on it, "perfect for rallies, protests or casual wear."
"This tee is designed for supporters who believe in Kamala Harris and her vision for America," the company wrote.
While Harris and her running mate, Gov. Tim Walz, are not currently selling their own "I'm speaking" merchandise, they have been playing up their own sales.
One of Harris-Walz's fashionable campaign accessories is a camouflage trucker cap with orange lettering reading "Harris Walz." Upon the reveal of the cap, fans of Chappell Roan noticed that this was similar to one of the "Red Wine Supernova" hitmaker's merch items promoting her The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess album. Roan's cap also contains a camouflage pattern, but hers reads "Midwest Princess" in the same shade of orange lettering.
Last week, the campaign launched a "Designers for Democracy" collection that features "new, exclusive, Vogue-featured merchandise crafted by renowned designers."
Products include apparel, tote bags and hats by 16 designers, including Vera Wang, Tory Burch and Thom Browne. The cloths have slogans like "Reproductive Rights Now" and "Harris 2024."
Do you have a story Newsweek should be covering? Do you have any questions about this story? Contact LiveNews@newsweek.com.
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Clark University, with a master's from both Clark University and Northwestern University. She was part of the team named a finalist for the Goldsmith Prize for Investigation as well as a winner of the George Polk award for their work uncovering Phillips Respironics wrongdoings with their breathing machines. You can get in touch with Monica by emailing m.sager@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Clark University, with a master's from both Clark University and Northwestern University. She was part of the team named a finalist for the Goldsmith Prize for Investigation as well as a winner of the George Polk award for their work uncovering Phillips Respironics wrongdoings with their breathing machines. You can get in touch with Monica by emailing m.sager@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Monica is a Newsweek reporter based in Boston. Her focus is reporting on breaking news. Monica joined Newsweek in 2024.                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC