Follow us
Awards shows can be a bit boring. The great and the good of entertainment squeeze into their dinner jackets and ballgowns. When someone wins something, the audience listens politely while they thank their agent, their spouse and their spouse’s agent. Everyone gets clapped and everything wraps up at a reasonable hour.
The MTV Video Music Awards, or VMAs, have always done things a little differently. Since 1984, the ceremony has handed out astronaut-shaped trophies for the year’s best music videos. It’s a big pop knees-up where subtlety is left at the door. At last night’s ceremony, Chappell Roan, who won best new artist, performed “Good Luck, Babe” dressed in a full suit of armour, carrying a crossbow with a flaming arrow which then set fire to much of the stage. Behind her, backup dancers dressed as medieval knights did elaborate choreography with swords. (Backup dancers in weird costumes were very much the theme of the evening.)
Sabrina Carpenter did a medley of her recent hits from a glittery swing chair, and then on a moonscape covered in dry ice, while she danced with an astronaut and an alien. More astronauts came on to breakdance during “Espresso”. Katy Perry, who received a career achievement award, took a night off from the halting rollout of her new album for a bonkers medley of past hits, which incorporated a pair of blow-up silver wings, and a stage setup with what looked like an interdimensional portal.
The event was saturated with the highest of high camp. This made a change from the past – the VMAs used to be bro-y, testosterone-fuelled and even violent. In 1989, Mötley Crüe singer Vince Neil assaulted Guns N’ Roses guitarist Izzy Stradlin. In 1992, Axl Rose challenged Kurt Cobain to a fight backstage; afterwards, Cobain spat on the keys of piano he thought was about to be played by Rose, but which turned out to be for Elton John. In 2000, Rage Against the Machine bassist Tim Commerford climbed up some scaffolding to try and interrupt Limp Bizkit being awarded best rock video.
And, of course, in 2009, Kanye West rushed on stage while Taylor Swift was accepting an award to declare: “Imma let you finish, but Beyoncé had one of the best videos of all time.”
These days, though, it’s become more like WrestleMania for pop girlies. There are elaborate, campy costumes. There are callbacks to VMA lore. Megan Thee Stallion draped herself with a python, to recreate Britney Spears’ reptile-assisted performance of “I’m A Slave 4 U” in 2001. Eminem, one of the night’s few male performers, was joined by a battalion of guys in blonde wigs, like his VMAs rendition of “The Real Slim Shady” in 2000. Alas, no one resurrected Lady Gaga’s meat dress from 2010. (Veganism: good for the planet, bad for avant-garde pop costumes.)
The big winners were mostly women too. Swift did a big sweep, winning seven awards to make her the most successful artist at the VMAs ever, with 30 astronaut trophies in total. Rather than the brawling rockstars of old, dudes figured in this year’s VMAs mainly as supportive partners. Swift paid tribute to Travis Kelce: “Whenever I said ‘cut’, I would always just hear someone cheering from across the studio and that one person was my boyfriend, Travis.” Perry was handed her award by her gushing partner, Orlando Bloom; during her performance, the camera briefly cut to him clapping along awkwardly but proudly, like a dad at his teenage daughter’s dance recital.
Though the awards were unhinged in the best possible way, they were also very revealing, in that they showed that the modern pop mainstream is overwhelmingly female-dominated – and that it will stay that way for the foreseeable future. Which, if nothing else, is great news for businesses that make costumes for backup dancers.
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast