“People have started to be freaks — like, [some fans] follow me and know where my parents live, and where my sister works. All this weird shit.”
 By Scott Bernstein Jul 18, 2024 • 8:42 am PDT
 Photo via Chappell Roan Facebook
Chappell Roan‘s career has taken off this year but she has mixed emotions about the changes to her life that come with massive success. The pop star discussed her rise to fame and revealed some fans have given off “stalker vibes” leading her to “pump the brakes” on getting more exposure during an appearance on The Comment Section podcast.   
“People have started to be freaks — like, [some fans] follow me and know where my parents live, and where my sister works. All this weird shit,” Roan told host Drew Afualo. “A few years ago I said if [there was] stalker vibes, like family was in danger, [that’s] when I would quit. We’re there.”
Thankfully, Chappell Roan hasn’t quit. However, the sketchy situations have made her reconsider some of her approach to growing her career. “I’m just kind of in this battle … I’ve pumped the brakes on, honestly, anything to make me more known. It’s kind of a forest fire right now. I’m not trying to go do a bunch of shit,” Roan added.
The 26-year old singer-songwriter who released her debut album The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess last year misses many aspects of her pre-fame life. Roan noted “rolling up, being a fucking freak at the bar,” “being in Forever 21 and not being judged” and “[doing] drugs in public” are things she just can’t do anymore.
Chappell Roan previously addressed the down side of her superstardom last month during a concert in Raleigh. “I just feel a little off today because I think that my career’s just kind of gone really fast and it’s really hard to keep up. And so, I’m just being honest that I’m just having a hard time today,” Roan admitted to the crowd.
The “Hot To!” singer also spoke about the positives that come with fame such as flying first class and getting invited to a party by Miley Cyrus. “I was like, ‘You don’t know that you were my first concert when the Jonas Brothers were opening for you,'” the Missouri native said of her response to Cyrus. 
Check out the full interview below:

 Loading tour dates
    
 Everything you need to
 Go See Live Music
  Personalized music news & recommendations 
 Create a free account or log in.
 Join or log in via email.
 Not you?
 Forgot password?
 Let’s create your account to get started.
  8 or more characters
  At least 1 letter
  At least 1 number
 We’ll only send you notifications you opt into.
  Valid phone number
 By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.