Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
The MTV VMAs are about to start, and you can follow along here for a recap of the biggest moments.
The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards, set to air on Sept. 11, will be hosted by Megan Thee Stallion and feature some of the biggest pop stars. 
MTV has already announced that Eminem will return to the VMAs stage to open the ceremony with a song from his No. 1 album, “The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce).” 
Katy Perry will also take the stage as the singer will be honored with the Video Vanguard Award at this year’s ceremony. Perry's new album, "143," is set to come out next week. She won the award for most iconic performance before the show started. 
Last year, Shakira was presented with the special award after performing a medley of her songs “Hips Don’t Lie,” “Whenever, Whenever” and more. 
The VMAs recognize the most impressive music videos in different categories, such as best collaboration, best pop and best hip-hop. Viewers will soon find out who will walk away with some of the top awards this year, like video of the year, artist of the year and song of the year.
Taylor Swift and Post Malone are leading the pack with the most nominations, which were announced in August. Ariana Grande, Sabrina Carpenter and Eminem earned six nominations each. The list also includes 29 first-time nominees. 
Voting is still open on MTV’s website for the best new artist category and on MTV’s Instagram story for the VMAs most iconic performance category.  
So far, the final three remaining in the best new artist category are Chappell Roan, Gracie Abrams and Tyla. 
So, who will add some moon person trophies to their award collections? Find out how you can tune into the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards and learn who is performing, below. 
The 2024 VMAs will unfold on Wednesday, Sept. 11.
In honor of the 23rd anniversary of 9/11, MTV will support the nonprofits 9/11 Day and Tuesday's Children, per an MTV press release.
The ceremony kicks off at 8 p.m. ET/PT, and will span until 11 p.m. ET/PT.
If you want to tune in early, the pre-show starts at 6:30 p.m. ET/PT on MTV. 
The ceremony will simultaneously air on MTV and Univision, per a press release. After concluding at 11 p.m. ET/PT, it will start up again.
The awards show will also be shown on other Paramount-owned channels, too, including:
An encore presentation will be shown at 11:30 p.m. ET/PT on UniMás.  
For those without cable subscription, the ceremony will stream the next day Paramount+ on demand.
For a live option, viewers can stream the VMAs through subscriptions to services like Sling TV, DirecTV Stream, Philo, fuboTV and Hulu + Live TV, many of which offer a free trial.
The complete list of performers at the 2024 VMAs are: 
Ariana Brockington is a trending news reporter at TODAY digital. She is based in Los Angeles.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.