Signature Symphony Music Director Scott Seaton prepares the orchestra for its upcoming “Christmas in Tulsa” concert.
Sting performs with The Police at the Cain’s Ballroom.
Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day performs at Cain’s Ballroom.
Tulsa World Scene Writer 
For the past 45 years, the orchestra now known as the Signature Symphony at Tulsa Community College has marked the month of December with a unique holiday production.
Founding music director G. Barry Epperley made it a point during his tenure as the orchestra’s music director to come up with different programs each year, including such ambitious shows as a staging of jazz legend Dave Brubeck’s “La Fiesta de la Posada,” a choral work inspired by Mexican Christmas traditions, and the three-act extravaganza created for the orchestra’s inaugural season at the VanTrease PACE that debuted what is now the ensemble’s signature holiday song, “Christmas in Tulsa.”
Scott Seaton, the orchestra’s current music director, is readying what will be his third “Christmas in Tulsa” production.
“Something I’ve discovered over the years is that the ‘Christmas in Tulsa’ show has evolved into an institution in its own right,” Seaton said. “And the great thing about it is that this concert has come to represent the spirit of the season, which includes the whole idea of reaching out to others, to strengthen the ties that bind us together.
“In the case of this concert, that means it’s a great way to connect and collaborate with some of our fellow arts groups,” he said. “Our concert this year will feature the Tulsa Youth Opera as well as our Signature Symphony Chorale, and we will be featuring one of our Tulsa Sings! winners, Rachel Miller, who will be doing some solo songs and some tunes with the chorus.”
The program will combine traditional holiday songs with contemporary takes on Christmas music, including Mariah Carey’s “All I Want for Christmas,” “Let There Be Peace on Earth,” a song made popular by Oklahoma native Vince Gill, and a new arrangement by Brad Ross of the C. Clement Moore poem “’Twas the Night Before Christmas.”
“We’re also going to be doing a beautiful piece by John Rutter called ‘The Colors of Christmas,’ as well as this Trans-Siberian Orchestra take on Tchaikovsky called ‘A Mad Russian’s Christmas,’” Seaton said. “It’s always fun to get the chance to do these new, fun, holiday-oriented pieces.”
But the concert will also include a number of traditions that the orchestra’s long-time fans have come to expect. These include the late Larry Dalton’s “Christmas in Tulsa,” which usually opens the evening, the concluding Christmas carol sing-along, and Leroy Anderson’s classic “Sleigh Ride.”
Performances of “Christmas in Tulsa” are 7:30 p.m. Friday-Saturday, Dec. 13-14, at the VanTrease PACE, 10300 E. 81st St. Tickets are $39-$85. 918-595-7777, signaturesymphony.org.
A collection of works by two Oklahoma photographers who captured some of the most iconic images of performers at the Cain’s Ballroom will go on display Dec. 10 at the future home of the Oklahoma Museum of Popular Culture, 422 N. Main St.
“Capturing Cain’s History: A Photographic Retrospective from Behind the Lenses of Richard Galbraith and Phil Clarkin” covers some 50 years of concerts at the legendary music venue, which is marking its 100th anniversary this year. 
“Cain’s Ballroom is known as one of the greatest music venues in America, and that’s because of the unbelievable number of music legends who have performed on that small stage,” said Tim Landes, TulsaPeople features editor and the exhibit’s curator. “Lucky for us, two incredibly talented photographers who really love live music captured very important history. This exhibit (brings) those photos together in one space to share many of the most legendary moments captured by two of the best concert photographers in Oklahoma.”
Clarkin shot his first show at Cain’s in April 2010 and became a house photographer a decade later. Clarkin’s photos range from a candid shot of Elvis Costello to a capacity crowd when Turnpike Troubadours made their triumphant return to touring at “The House Bob Wills Built.”
Clarkin has documented Tulsa music luminaries such as Roy Clark, Steve Ripley and John Moreland, as well as Oklahoma City psychedelic rockers the Flaming Lips. The exhibit includes recent performances by Green Day, Robert Plant, up-and-coming red dirt star Wyatt Flores and music’s breakout star of 2024, Chappell Roan.
“I’ve loved music my entire life,” Clarkin said. “My passion for music and my work as a photographer has taken me to venues across the country, (and) Cain’s Ballroom, with all its history, is one of the greatest venues there is. I’m excited to be able to share some of these photos and celebrate the venue’s centennial as part of this exhibition.”
Beginning in the early 1970s, Richard Galbraith would regularly travel from his home in Enid to Tulsa to attend concerts with camera in hand. He was one of the photographers in the crowd on Jan. 12, 1978, when the Sex Pistols made their notorious Tulsa appearance.
Two images from that concert are in the exhibit, along with images of The Ramones, Metallica, Talking Heads, The Police, Iggy Pop, Pat Benatar, a previously unreleased image of Alex and Eddie Van Halen goofing around backstage on April 4, 1978, and many more from the 1970s-1980s.
“We’ve had such an exciting centennial year with so many outstanding shows. We’re grateful for everyone that has supported the venue and helped us celebrate 100 years,” said Chad Rodgers, who co-owns the venue with his brother Hunter and their mother, Alice Rodgers. “This exhibit of Phil and Richard’s photos really brings alive the history of this venue and its significant role in the history of music, in general.”
Hours for the exhibit are 4-8 p.m. Tuesday-Sunday, Dec. 10-15 and Thursday-Saturday, Dec. 19-21; noon-4 p.m. Tuesday-Wednesday, Dec. 17-18. Admission is free.
A new local theater group, the Eclipse Theatre Collective, will present the musical “The Last Five Years” as its debut production, with performances at 2 and 7 p.m. Saturday-Sunday, Dec. 14-15, in the Lynn Riggs Black Box Theater at the Dennis R. Neill Equality Center, 621 E. Fourth St.
The musical, written by Tony Award-winning composer Jason Robert Brown, portrays the ill-fated relationship between Jamie Wellerstein, a newly successful author, and Cathy Hiatt, a perpetually struggling actress. The story unfolds along two different timelines, with Jamie’s story going from first meeting to ultimate parting, while Cathy’s perspective moves backward in time.
The production is directed by company co-founder Chris Porcelli and stars MaKayla Baxter and Andrew Barker. 
“I was inspired to direct the show after seeing MaKayla and Andrew perform opposite each other in local productions of ‘Waitress’ and ‘Beautiful: The Carole King Musical,’” Porcelli said. “They’re both now pursuing professional acting careers outside of Tulsa, and this show felt like a now-or-never opportunity to celebrate their talent and send them off with a project that truly showcases their onstage artistry, chemistry and range.”
The score will be performed live by a trio made up of company co-founder Allison Johnston on violin with Jordan Andrews on piano and Austin Pendergrass on cello.
Tickets are $25 at eventbrite.com.
Dance Maker Academy will present its annual production of “The Nutcracker,” 7 p.m. Saturday, Dec. 14 and 3 p.m. Sunday, Dec. 15, at the Constantine Theater, 110 W. Main St. in Pawhuska.
The all-youth cast will present a traditional telling of this holiday story about a young girl’s Christmas Eve adventure through a land of brave soldiers, fearsome mice and a kingdom of sweets.
Tickets are $8-$25. dancemakeracademy.org.
The Tulsa World newsroom is committed to covering this community with curiosity, tenacity and depth. Our passion for telling the story of Tulsa remains unwavering. Because your story is our story. Thank you to our subscribers who support local journalism. Join them with limited-time offers at tulsaworld.com/story.
james.watts@tulsaworld.com
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Tulsa World Scene Writer 
The Bartlesville landmark was set to be sold Tuesday as part of a bankruptcy auction, but of 900 potential buyers, the McFarlin Building LLC b…
Megan Whittaker Nesbit, who first joined the Philbrook staff in 2017, was promoted to the position formerly held by Scott Stulen after a natio…
May Pang talked about being a partner in love and music with the former Beatle, helping him during what was the most creatively fertile and co…
"Last Bite" is billed as the final tour of his live show filled with "culinary spectacle." 
Most local bookstore owners believe a place where people can purchase a physical book will always be a necessity.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.