Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Take a look at the movies and TV shows that are hitting the streaming service this month.

							By 

	Abid Rahman

International Editor, Digital

	Keira Knightley’s long-awaited return to a high profile project; Sabrina Carpenter and friends getting everyone ready for Christmas; Angelina Jolie bringing the legendary Maria Callas to life; Tyler Perry telling the story of a women and POC only WWII Army unit; the NFL attempting to institute a new streaming Christmas tradition; and the return of one of biggest TV series of the 21st century are some of the highlights among the new films and series hitting Netflix in December. 

	After a quiet few years, Keira Knightley returns as a lead in Netflix’s spy drama Black Doves, which launches on Dec. 5. In the show, Knightley plays Helen Webb, a dedicated wife and mother and professional spy. Having passed her politician husband’s secrets to the Black Doves, a shadowy group, Webb’s covert identity is endangered when a lover (Andrew Koji), is murdered and she looks to avenge his death. The show comes from Giri/Haji creator Joe Barton and also stars Sarah Lancashire and Ben Whishaw. The streamer thinks it has a winner on its hand with Black Doves, and has already renewed the series for a second season.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					Julia Garner Eyes FTX Limited Series at Netflix, Higher Ground Producing		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					'Little House on the Prairie' Remake Casts More Ingalls Family Members		
			








	On Dec. 6, Netflix debuts A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter. The Christmas special stars the singer-of-the-moment Sabrina Carpenter, who has stolen America’s hearts with her No. 1 hit songs “Espresso” and “Please Please Please.” The musical spectacular will feature a star-studded list of guests, including Chappell Roan, Tyla, Shania Twain, Kali Uchis, Quinta Brunson, Cara Delevingne, Kyle Mooney, Nico Hiraga, Megan Stalter, Sean Astin, Owen Thiele and Jillian Bell.

	Launching on Dec. 11 is Pablo Larraín’s lavish biopic Maria, one of Netflix’s strongest contenders this awards season. The film chronicles the final week in the life of opera singer Maria Callas, with Angelina Jolie starring as the Greek icon. Maria premiered at the Venice Film Festival and received an electric eight-minute standing ovation that moved Jolie to tears. Maria completes Larraín’s trilogy of biopics on famous women caught in the emotional headlights that also includes Jackie (2016) and Spencer (2021). 

The Six Triple Eight, prolific filmmaker Tyler Perry’s fourth film for Netflix, launches Dec. 20. Based on true events, the feature tells the story of 6888th Central Postal Directory Battalion, the first and only Women’s Army Corps unit of color sent overseas during WWII. The film stars Kerry Washington, Ebony Obsidian, Dean Norris, Sam Waterston and Oprah Winfrey.

	










	On Christmas Day, Netflix has another crack at streaming live sports when with two NFL games as part of its NFL on Christmas programming. In the first game, the Baltimore Ravens take on the Houston Texans, and the second game sees the Kansas City Chiefs play the Pittsburgh Steelers. As befits the huge financial outlay to secure NFL games, Netflix has drafted in Beyoncé to perform during halftime of the Ravens-Texans game that’s taking place in the superstar’s hometown of Houston. The pressure is on Netflix to deliver a snafu free viewing experience after problems during the Jake Paul – Mike Tyson fight and during the Love Is Blind live reunion special in 2023.

	And last, but certainly not least, is the sure-to-be massive debut of Squid Game season two on Dec. 26. The first season of Hwang Dong-hyuk’s survival horror series landed on Netflix in September 2021 and quickly became a worldwide phenomenon, and became the streamer’s most-watched series ever. It was nominated for 14 Emmys, including for outstanding drama series, making it the first non-English-language work to be nominated in that category. Squid Game season two sees Gi-hun, a.k.a Player 456, return to try and end the mysterious survival game once and for all.

	Movies added to Netflix in December include Daddy Day Care, The Happytime Murders, Little, Midway, Project X, We’re the Millers, Zero Dark Thirty, Compliance and Mad Max: Fury Road. 

	Missed what came to Netflix last month? Check out the November additions here.











	Read on for the complete list of titles hitting Netflix in December.

Dec. 1

Bunk’d: Season 7BurlesqueDaddy Day CareThe Happytime MurdersLittleMidwayProject XWe’re the MillersZero Dark Thirty

Dec. 2

30 for 30: Bad Boys30 for 30: Celtics/Lakers: The Best of Enemies30 for 30: Sole Man30 for 30: This Magic Moment30 for 30: This Was the XFL30 for 30: Winning Time: Reggie Miller vs. The New York Knicks

Dec. 3

Fortune Feimster: Crushing It

Dec. 4

The Children’s Train (IT)Churchill at WarThe Only Girl in the OrchestraTomorrow and I (TH)That Christmas (GB)The Ultimatum: Marry or Move On: Season 3

Dec. 5

BEASTARS: Final Season: Part 1 (JP)Black Doves (GB)ComplianceJentry Chau vs the UnderworldSubservienceTop Chef: BostonTop Chef: KentuckyTop Chef: Seattle

Dec. 6

A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina CarpenterBiggest Heist EverCamp Crasher (AR)Echoes of the Past (EG)Mary

Dec. 9

The Great British Baking Show: Holidays: Season 7 (GB)Rubble and Crew: Season 1

Dec. 10

Jamie Foxx: What Had Happened Was…PoloRugged Rugby: Conquer or Die (KR)

Dec. 11

The Kings of Tupelo: A Southern Crime SagaMakayla’s Voice: A Letter to the WorldMariaOne Hundred Years of Solitude: Part 1 (CO)Queer Eye: Season 9

Dec. 12

La Palma (NO)No Good Deed

Dec. 13

1992 (ES)Carry-OnDisaster Holiday (ZA)

Dec. 16

The Dead Don’t DieThe Equalizer: Seasons 1-3

Dec. 17

Aaron Rodgers: EnigmaRonny Chieng: Love To Hate It











Dec. 18

Julia’s Stepping StonesThe Manny: Season 2 (MX)

Dec. 19

The Dragon Prince: Season 7Project Runway: Seasons 18-19Virgin River: Season 6

Dec. 20

Ferry 2 (BE)The Six Triple EightUmjolo: Day Ones (ZA)UniverXO Dabiz (ES)

Dec. 21

Flipping Out: Seasons 6-8

Dec. 24

Your Friend Nate Bargatze

Dec. 25

NFL on Christmas: Baltimore Ravens vs. Houston TexansNFL on Christmas: Kansas City Chiefs vs. Pittsburgh Steelers

Dec. 26

Squid Game: Season 2 (KR)

Dec. 28

Maestro in Blue: Season 3 (GR)

Dec. 30

Mad Max: Fury Road

Dec. 31

Avicii – I’m Tim (SE)Avicii – My Last Show (SE)Evil: Season 3Michelle Buteau: A Buteau-ful Mind at Radio City Music HallThe Millionaire Matchmaker: Seasons 5-7
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.