Upbeat, colourful pop is infiltrating this year’s summer, led by rising superstars, Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter. However, Remi Wolf’s sophomore album, Big Ideas, has just entered the pop scene, rendering the 28-year-old singer-songwriter as a force to be reckoned with.
2024 has been a huge success so far for Wolf. She has opened for Olivia Rodrigo on the European leg of her sell-out GUTS World Tour and most recently performed on the Woodsies stage at Glastonbury, with music publication and avid champion of the songstress, Dork, labelling the performer as the “incandescent present” of pop music.
Wolf’s sophomore album, Big Ideas, is another reason why she is considered the next big star in pop music. Following her debut EP, You’re A Dog!, in 2020 and debut album Juno in 2021, which features the hit ‘Sexy Villain’, the brand new album showcases Wolf’s growth as an artist, experimenting with new sounds and ideas that have not yet appeared in the singer-songwriter’s discography.
‘Toro’ expresses the trademark Remi Wolf sound, influenced by funk and disco
Big Ideas opens with the album’s lead single ‘Cinderella’, a track which expertly combines a perpetual drum beat and synthesisers with hints of brass instruments to create a sound that you can’t help but tap your foot to. This bedroom pop-funk momentum continues with ‘Soup’, which Wolf debuted during her Glastonbury set to the roaring approval of the Woodsies crowd. The track does not fit into the box of conventional love songs, just as the song title suggests. Then again, Wolf is no stranger to the unconventional.
I had the pleasure of hearing the performer sing ‘Toro’ live for the first time at Olivia Rodrigo’s GUTS World Tour and since then it has been a staple in my summer playlist. ‘Toro’ expresses the trademark Remi Wolf sound, influenced by funk and disco, similar to that of ‘Disco Man’ and ‘Photo ID’.
Wolf’s songwriting has also come into its own on Big Ideas. She takes us through the story of Halloween in Chicago during ‘Cherries & Cream’, to longing for the mundane in ‘Motorcycle’, a similar theme which is also explored in ‘Kangaroo’. One thing is for sure though, these two tracks are far from mundane. ‘Motorcycle’ has more of an RnB feel, similar to tracks by fellow rising star Olivia Dean, with a melody that is driven by an electric guitar. Meanwhile, ‘Cherries & Cream’ slots seamlessly into Wolf’s discography, littered with humorous lyrics that perfectly fit her colourful stage presence. “You taste like cherries and cream / yeah I’m allergic but I like it a lot”, sings Wolf. The singer-songwriter has become accustomed to using quirky lyrics and titles, with two EPs, released in 2019 and 2020 respectively, entitled I Love Dogs! and I’m Allergic To Dogs!.
Wolf has crafted the perfect album to blast out the car windows while driving to the beach; in other words, the perfect summer album
Wolf has let her creativity soar on Big Ideas. Nothing encompasses this more than the use of croaking frogs to bookend the aptly titled ‘Frog Rock’. Although many aspects of the sophomore album are unmistakably part of the trademark Remi Wolf sound, she has been more experimental on this album than any of her previous releases. ‘Wave’ sees an unexpected shift in the album. It may begin with the typical synthesisers and guitars, but it’s not long until the drums take over the melody line, adding a new dimension to the album. On the other hand, ‘Just The Start’ expresses a raw element to Wolf’s music. Solely her voice accompanied by an acoustic guitar, ‘Just The Start’ showcases the pop superstar’s vocals for a welcomed moment of respite before the album’s big finish. These two tracks are worlds away from singles ‘Cinderella’ and ‘Toro’, however, Wolf’s distinct vocals and lyricism ensure that, although she has incorporated many new and Big Ideas on this album, they are still indisputably crafted by Wolf.
Big Ideas closes with ‘Slay Bitch’. As the title suggests, it is clear that this track is set to become a viral sensation on social media, much like ‘Photo ID’, the song which helped to propel Wolf’s career to new heights.
Wolf has crafted the perfect album to blast out the car windows while driving to the beach; in other words, the perfect summer album. Big Ideas proves that the songstress is not afraid to take risks and push boundaries with her music, each risk landing perfectly. Remi Wolf’s sophomore album has not fallen victim to the sophomore slump, rather, it is destined to launch her into pop music stardom.
★★★★
Recommended Listening: ‘Soup’, ‘Motorcycle’, ‘Cherries & Cream’
Big Ideas is out everywhere on 12th July.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

				© 2025 Copyright The Boar. Powered by				Tom, Hamish & Aaron.