Taylor Swift, Charli XCX, Sabrina Carpenter, Ariana Grande — in 2024, it was the women who were making the headlines, releasing the albums, ruling the charts and grabbing the Grammy nods. Besides those four female stars, here’s a roundup of the other “femininomenons” of 2024:
Chappell Roan, who actually gave us the word “feminomenon,” became one herself in 2024, as what seemed like the entire world collectively embraced your favorite artist’s favorite artist. She opened for Olivia Rodrigo and then hit the road herself, as her 2023 album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess climbed to #2. Her 2023 single “Hot to Go” went viral on TikTok and her 2024 single “Good Luck, Babe!” became her first top-10 hit. Those were just two of the seven songs she charted simultaneously this year, between winning the MTV VMA Best New Artist award, performing on SNL and starting a national conversation about how stars are treated by their fans.
Billie Eilish released her new album, HIT ME HARD & SOFT, to critical and commercial acclaim and launched a world tour, while her single “Birds of a Feather” topped year-end charts.
Gracie Abrams parlayed an opening slot on Swift’s Eras Tour into a top-two album, The Secret of Us; her own headlining tour; a Grammy-nominated duet with Taylor, “Us”; and the hit singles “I Love You, I’m Sorry” and “That’s So True.” The latter song topped the U.K. charts for more than a month.
Lady Gaga‘s movie Joker: Folie à Deux may not have set the box office on fire, but her companion album, Harlequin, got decent reviews. Her duet with Bruno Mars, “Die with a Smile,” grabbed two Grammy nods and became the fastest song ever to hit 1 billion streams in Spotify history. Gaga also got engaged to her longtime boyfriend, Michael Polansky, sang at the Summer Olympics — in French! — and released “Disease,” the first single from her seventh studio album. 
Dua Lipa released her long-awaited sophomore album, Radical Optimism, featuring the singles “Houdini,” “Training Season” and “Illusion.” She made her big-screen debut in the film Argylle, fulfilled a lifelong dream by headlining the U.K.’s Glastonbury Festival, launched a world tour, sang with Cher at the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, got her own CBS TV special and released her first live LP.
Miley Cyrus won her first-ever Grammy in February for her chart-topping hit “Flowers.” In August, at age 31, she became the youngest person ever to be named a Disney Legend. In November, she received a Grammy nomination for Best Country Duo/Group Performance for “II MOST WANTED,” the duet she and Beyoncé recorded for Bey’s album Cowboy Carter. She also won a Hollywood Music In Media Award and was nominated for a Golden Globe for “Beautiful That Way,” the song she wrote for the Pamela Anderson film The Last Showgirl.
Selena Gomez received rave reviews for her role in the Spanish language musical Emilia Pérez and earned two Golden Globe nominations — one for that movie and one for Only Murders in the Building. She also released a new single, “Love On,” and got engaged to her long-time boyfriend, Benny Blanco.
Copyright © 2024, ABC Audio. All rights reserved.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.