Jamie Foxx speaks onstage during the 2024 Governors Awards at Dolby Theatre on November 17, 2024 in Hollywood, California.  (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)Getty Images
Jamie Foxx is finally sharing details of his health scare that led to his hospitalization last year.
The Oscar-winning actor, comedian and singer confirms in his new Netflix special, “What Had Happened Was,” that he suffered a brain bleed that turned into a stroke on April 11, 2023.
“April 11, I was having a bad headache, and I asked my boy for a Aspirin. I realized quickly that when you’re in a medical emergency, your boys don’t know what the f--- to do,” Foxx reportedly said. “Before I could get the Aspirin [snaps fingers] I went out. I don’t remember 20 days.”
Foxx, who was filming his new movie “Back in Action” at the time, said a doctor gave him a cortisone shot for the pain, but was still having problems. His sister Deidra Dixon took him to Atlanta’s Piedmont Hospital, where a doctor operated to find where the bleed was coming from. He “woke up” 20 days later at a rehabilitation center in Chicago, where he would have to relearn his fine motor skills like walking and talking when he came back to following surgery while at a rehabilitation center in Chicago.
“20 days I don’t remember, but on May 4th I woke up,” Foxx said. “And I when I woke up I found myself in a wheelchair. I couldn’t walk, in a wheelchair, and I was like, ‘Why the f--- am I in a wheelchair?’ I’m just coming out of s---.”
“Jamie Foxx: What Had Happened Was...” is now streaming on Netflix, along with “Back in Action” co-starring Cameron Diaz. Foxx’s credits also include “Ray,” “Django Unchained,” “In Living Color,” “The Amazing Spider-Man 2,” “Any Given Sunday,” “The Jamie Foxx Show” and “Dreamgirls.”
MORE BUZZ:
Buzz is a daily roundup of entertainment news about movies, TV, music and celebrities.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices