"You don't get to yell at me like that," she said after the incident
Chappell Roan has fired back at a photographer who seemingly told the singer to “shut the fuck up” while at the 2024 MTV VMAs – see footage of the incident below.
While attending the red carpet for the MTV Video Music Awards, the NME Cover star was seen telling off a photographer: “Don’t! Not me, bitch!” Someone in the background was heard cheering her on, remarking, “Tell ’em, girl!”
the full clip. she ate pic.twitter.com/ELeT7zqOO1
— ً (@americanreqiuem) September 11, 2024
Following the incident, Roan was interviewed by Entertainment Tonight, where she spoke about her clash with the photographer: “It’s quite overwhelming and quite scary. I think for someone who gets a lot of anxiety around people yelling at you, the carpet is horrifying.”
Roan added: “And I yelled back. I yelled back! You don’t get to yell at me like that!”
Chappell Roan on why she told photographers to shut the f*ck up on the #VMAs carpet:
“The carpet is horrifying, and I yelled back!”  pic.twitter.com/K3pjpVBSKO
— Pop Flop (@PopFlopHQ) September 11, 2024
Chappell Roan would go on to perform at the VMAs a few hours later, and was awarded Best New Artist – see the full list of winners here.
The incident marks the latest hurdle the ‘Hot To Go’ singer has had to face since her meteoric rise to fame throughout the course of the year. Roan recently spoke out against “weird” and “creepy” behaviour from fans, telling them: “That’s not normal.” She had previously made a promise to herself that she would quit music if “weird shit” started to affect her and her family.
Roan expressed wanting to “[pump] the brakes” on it after fans gave off “stalker vibes”. Her remarks earned her praise from Paramore‘s Hayley Williams, who took to Instagram to say the pop star was “brave”.
Since then, she has recently shared that a whole host of artists – including Charli XCX, Billie Eilish, Hayley Williams, Katy Perry, MUNA, Miley Cyrus, Lorde, boygenius, Sabrina Carpenter and Mitski – have reached all out in support on the topic.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.