“Hot to Go!” singer Chappell Roan is on fire as one of the breakout pop stars of 2024.
But the “Midwest Princess” — who was just crowned Best New Artist at the MTV VMAs last week — is already burning out on what she calls the “abusive” side of fame.
“I feel like fame is just abusive,” Roan, 26,  told The Face in a new cover story. “The vibe of this — stalking, talking s–t online, [people who] won’t leave you alone, yelling at you in public — is the vibe of an abusive ex-husband.
“That’s what it feels like. I didn’t know it would feel this bad.”
She’s already drawn some clear boundaries for herself with invasive, aggressive fan behavior.
“I told myself, if this ever gets dangerous, I might quit,” Roan said. “It’s dangerous now, and I’m still going. But that part is not what I signed up for.”
Roan detailed an incident at the airport that she said was especially disturbing.
​“I get out of the car, it’s 5:30 in the morning, and there’s two guys waiting with a bunch of posters and s–t for me to sign,” she told The Face. ​“I know they’re not fans. I said no. I was like, ​‘I don’t sign anything at the airport, I’m sorry.’”
But the harassment didn’t end there.
“[One of them] follows me to the TSA line, starts yelling at me and everyone just turns and looks,” she explained. “He’s like, ​‘You should really humble yourself. Do you know where you are right now? Don’t forget where you came from.'”
The “Good Luck, Babe!” singer was taken aback by the encounter: “I’m just like: ​‘What the f–k is going on?’”
Shaken by the events, Roan ended up crying in the airport bathroom and texting “Royals” songstress Lorde, asking for advice.
“She sent me a list of things I should do [in that situation],” said Roan. ​“Literally wrote down eight things she wished someone would have told her when she was going through it. And she went through f–king hell. She was a baby!”
Roan has also bonded with Sabrina Carpenter, another rising pop star adjusting to new levels of fame after a sizzling summer.
“No one understands that it truly falls all on you,” she said of commiserating with the “Espresso” singer. “No one understands except other artists … Sabrina [Carpenter] even texted me: ‘Hey, I feel crazy. I know you feel crazy.’ So it’s, like, girlies leaning on each other.”  
Roan — who will release deluxe vinyl editions of her debut album “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess” on Friday to celebrate its first anniversary — has also received support from everyone, including Lady Gaga and Charli XCX to Lizzo and Katy Perry.
“They were immediately, immediately supportive,” Roan said of her fellow pop divas. ​“It’s been so amazing, because I’m very scared and confused.”
Advertisement