Roan said the behaviour of some fans has left her hoping to "never have a hit again"
Mitski has welcomed Chappell Roan to “the shittiest exclusive club in the world” and warned her of the downsides of her meteoric rise.
In a new interview with Rolling Stone, the ‘Hot To Go’ singer urged fans to see her “as a random bitch on the street”, a comment she would later reiterate on TikTok while lambasting the “weird” and “creepy behaviour of some fans.
“You can’t yell at a random bitch who’s on the sidewalk that you don’t know,” she continued. “It’s considered catcalling or harassment.” She went on to recall a series of alarming incidents with a stalker she met in Missouri, who turned up at her parents’ home and her hotel room. “Now I have to have security,” she said. “It’s so lame.”
A post shared by ･ﾟ: *✧ Chappell Roan ✧*:･ﾟ (@chappellroan)
After detailing similar issues brought on by her rapid rise, including fans getting hold of her flight information, she shared that a whole host of artists – including Charli XCX, Billie Eilish, Hayley Williams, Katy Perry, MUNA, Miley Cyrus, Lorde, boygenius, Sabrina Carpenter and Mitski – have reached all out in support.
In a snippet of a lengthy email sent by Mitski, the ‘Francis Forever’ singer wrote sympathetically to Roan: “I just wanted to humbly welcome you to the shittiest exclusive club in the world, the club where strangers think you belong to them and they find and harass your family members.”
In 2022, Mitski said she felt “absolutely terrible” about returning to music, explaining at the time that the reason she stepped away wasn’t due to “physical exhaustion”, but a feeling of being overwhelmed by the “super-saturated” consumerism of the music industry.
“It’s like, ‘Oh Jesus, here we go again,” she said. “I thought I was having fun and now it’s no fun anymore’.” Roan echoed her sentiments in the recent interview, admitting: “Part of me hopes I never have a hit again because then no one will ever expect anything from me again.”
While noting that, with a few exceptions in Orville Peck, Troye Sivan, Noah Kahan, and Elton John, not a lot of male artists reached out, Roan said she wasn’t “trying to name-drop”, but was doing so “because people just need to know that people are good people”.
She went on to say it was “just good to know someone else feels that way”.
On the heels of Roan’s recent post on Instagram, calling out the “predatory behaviour” of so-called “superfans”, MUNA have also spoken out about the “truly scary” behaviour of some of their fanbase, saying they “cannot be silent” about it anymore.
“Cyberstalking, hackings, bullying other fans & our loved ones, plus spreading falsehoods about us and our loved ones for clout and attention online has been going on for months and we have to address it now for our own safety and peace of mind,” they wrote.
Meanwhile, Roan has divided fans after sharing a VMA rehearsal photo ahead of her cancelling two upcoming European shows due to “scheduling conflicts”. Elsewhere, fans reacted warmly to Kacey Musgraves’ cover of her track 2020 ‘Pink Pony Club’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.