It is the summer of pop songs, and it is perfection, made all that much sweeter when you think about how women are giving us the songs of the summer! For whatever reason, 2024 has been consumed by hits from female artists, and it is absolutely incredible to see. 
It started when everyone coined the summer “brat summer” thanks to Charli XCX’s album Brat. Since, we’ve gotten a lot of top hits from female artists, and while yes, there have been some other artists to break into the summer vibe, I think it is worth noting that we’re hearing women dominate the charts this year. 
It’s even better considering that it isn’t just Taylor Swift or even Beyoncé, two superstars who also had albums drop this year. Even Ariana Grande, whose album Eternal Sunshine came out in March, isn’t a match for the summer of queens, so let’s talk about four artists who have made our summers so special. 
Chappell Roan has been working on her music career for the last ten years, but it was really her most recent album, The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, that put Roan on the map. With songs like “Pink Pony Club” and her single “Good Luck, Babe” dominating the summer vibes, Roan became one of the biggest artists of the summer.
I could not tell you the last time I listened to an entire album on repeat. Typically, I listen to the whole thing a couple of times and then I just pick and choose the songs I want on playlists and leave it at that. With Roan’s work, that’s almost impossible. I cannot stop listening to The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess or her 2017 EP School Nights. 
The song I love most of all is “Pink Pony Club.” Seeing people all sing it together, happy as they join in? Nothing beats it—but “Casual” is also up there for me! 
The album Short n’ Sweet, by Sabrina Carpenter, just came out in August, but her singles have dominated all summer long. “Please, Please, Please” and “Espresso,” two singles off the album, were constantly being played throughout the summer, and it was kind of hard to think of how the entire album would top either song.
For me, I was shocked by the emotional weight of Short n’ Sweet. Carpenter is by no means a “new” artist but this summer really pushed her into pop queen stardom. As much as I love the song “Taste” and the music video that accompanied it with Jenna Ortega, I found myself crying to “Lie to Girls” and I just cannot get enough. 
Everyone knows about brat summer. The cast of Twisters made it a whole thing; everyone was doing the dance to the song “Apple,” and it was all thanks to Charli xcx. The singer released her album, Brat, and it became an entire thing. At one point, someone tried to tell millennials that they couldn’t participate in “brat summer,” and that was met with a sea of “CHARLI XCX IS A MILLENNIAL” responses. We have … been through it. 
While there are some iconic songs that have now had their moment, like “360” with the line “She’s so Julia,” the song that hit with me was “I think about it all the time.” Really reflecting the 30-something experience of thinking you’re running out of time to have all the dreams you’ve thought about, this song really did alter my summer, so thanks, Charli! 
I want to give Rachel Chinouriri a special shoutout. Her song, “Never Need Me” came out earlier this year and was a very fun vibe. The music video featured Florence Pugh and was right in that sweet spot of the pop hits of this summer. 
When someone on Twitter said, “We need a new Black pop star immediately,” Chinouriri put her own song in the mix, and she was right to do it! It is truly such a good song, and in the summer of pop bops, she deserves one of the spots. 
https://t.co/OFvYSwXqx9 pic.twitter.com/Bsm7KyAseu
Who was your favorite artist of the summer? Let us know in the comments! 
Have a tip we should know? [email protected]

Have a tip or story idea? Email us.
 Or to keep it anonymous, click here.