"This is just the beginning, and I’m so excited for what’s to come"
Myles Smith has been announced as the winner of the BRIT Awards 2025 Rising Star.
The singer was revealed as the winner of the prestigious award today (December 5) by Jack Saunders on his BBC Radio 1 New Music Show.
Smith was one of three shortlisted acts, alongside Elmiene and Good Neighbours, decided upon by a panel of music journalists, radio and music TV station bosses, songwriters, producers and live bookers.
Speaking on his win, Smith said: “Winning the BRIT award for Rising Star is such a surreal moment. Music has always been about connecting with people, and to see it resonate on this level is incredible.
“I’m so grateful to my team, my family, and especially the fans who’ve supported me every step of the way. Your belief in me means everything. This is just the beginning, and I’m so excited for what’s to come—thank you for being part of this journey.”
Myles Smith. Credit: Supplied by The BRIT Awards
Smith joins an esteemed and acclaimed list of acts who have been nominated for the award since its inception in 2008. Past winners include Adele, Sam Smith, Florence & The Machine, Sam Fender, Ellie Goulding, Jessie J, Jorja Smith, James Bay and most recently The Last Dinner Party.
Past nominees include Duffy, Foals, James Blake, The Vaccines, Anne Marie, Dua Lipa, Years & Years, Lewis Capaldi, Rina Sawayama, Nia Archives and more.
The BRIT Awards 2025 with Mastercard will take place on March 1 at the O2 Arena, and will broadcast live on ITV1 and ITVX. Next year’s awards will also include a brand new trophy design being created by Gabriel Moses. The 16 categories being spotlighted at next year’s ceremony have also been revealed – though its nominees have not.
The BRIT Awards’ Rising Star news follows the BBC revealing its longlist for the Sound Of 2025 in November, which also includes Good Neighbours and Smith alongside Chappell Roan, English Teacher, KNEECAP, Ezra Collective and more.
The BBC Sound Of 2025 list courted controversy after a rule change that has been criticised by the public. Typically a list used to spotlight rising talents, the 2025 list now includes artists who have already experienced major success within the industry.
It was previously a rule of the Sound Of list that an artist would not be eligible if they had been the lead on a UK Number One or Number Two album by the cut-off point. However, this year that rule has changed so that an artist “cannot have had more than two Top 10 albums in the UK Official Albums Chart” by 30 September 2024.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.