A Boltonian filmmaker who has previously worked with Netflix and the BBC is set to debut his first short “horror-comedy” – filmed entirely in Rivington.


Michael Patrick Clarkson, who grew up in Smithills, created the short film, “UPHOLSTERGEIST” with the BAFTA award-winning company Agile Films.


  Michael has previously written for Netflix’s The Haunting of Bly Manor (2024), The Wheel of Time (2021) and is co-creator/showrunner of Red Rose which was shot and set in Bolton, now available on BBC and Netflix.


(Image: Dan Ollerhead)


  The horror-comedy film, which was shot entirely in Rivington, features a star-studded cast including Game of Thrones’ Tara Fitzgerald, Adam Nagaitis from Chernobyl and The Terror and Aaron Pierre, who will star in the upcoming Disney musical drama, Mufasa: The Lion King later this year.


(Image: Dan Ollerhead)


  Speaking on his inspiration for the film, Michael said: “It was during lockdown, and I was watching The Repair Shop on BBC. It was very beautiful with light, heartwarming stories and my mind began to twist it into something darker.


  “I came up with the concept of people bringing a dark and haunted item for someone to repair.


(Image: Dan Ollerhead)


  “There’s a fine line between comedy and horror, there’s an awkwardness – that’s what I wanted the film to explore.


  “When you feel awkward it's akin to horror, your body tenses and you might sweat, your hair stands on end.”


  When Michael was contacted by Agile Films in 2023, he knew exactly the scene that he wanted to recreate and sought help from the people of Bolton.


(Image: Dan Ollerhead)


  He said: “The community was very involved with the filming process, and we had lots of help from local people.


  “I really wanted to showcase the cinematic qualities of Bolton, it’s got so much culture and history, I wanted to do that justice.


  “The film was shot entirely over the course of three days in Rivington, we were able to rent out a barn there and completely transformed it into a film backdrop.


(Image: Dan Ollerhead)


  “It looked so beautiful on camera and adds a cinematic quality that elevates the story.


  “Everyone was amazed, even the owner of the barn, Kevin Salmon, was shocked as he didn’t recognise the space.”


  UPHOLTERGEIST was completed earlier this year and has since been submitted for a number of prestigious film awards.


  The short movie will see its world premiere at Bolton’s International Film Awards taking place on October 2, will feature at the prestigious North American Austin International Film Festival running from October 4  and will also play at Screamfest LA, New York Horror Film Festival and FREAK SHOW horror film festival in Florida.


(Image: Dan Ollerhead)


  Michael, who is currently creating a production company with his twin brother, Paul, hopes to make their first project a Sci-Fi horror special and work with the “most eclectic people” in order to take risks, Michael notes.


  He adds: “The industry right now is difficult to break into, especially since the pandemic, navigating the creative world for the past few years has been exhausting.


(Image: Dan Ollerhead)


  “But there has been a rise in original content, people don’t want to watch the same thing again and again and again.


  “I’m writing another script at the moment, which has taken inspiration from lots of pop culture from this summer, like Chappell Roan and Taylor Swift – artists who aren’t afraid to be themselves and be vulnerable.


  “Realness, honesty and raw emotion are changing the creative industry for the better, we need to take risks in order to make audiences feel something.”


  UPHOLSTERGEIST will premiere at Bolton’s International Film Festival on October 2 which will be at The Light Cinema in Bolton at 5.30pm.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.