By BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:52, 9 July 2024   |  Updated:  08:27, 9 July 2024   
 24
View  comments
Cara Delevingne is opening up about a bizarre moment where she met iconic musician Bruce Springsteen... but had no idea it was him.
The 31-year-old London native opened up about a wide number of topics in her interview with The Sunday Times, including how she first got drunk at just eight.
She was discussing her relationship with musician Minke (born Leah Mason), who she started dating in 2022.
The actress and model revealed that they both, 'teach each other so many things,' before she gave an example.
'Two years ago we were backstage at Glastonbury and we took a photo with this guy. I said to Leah afterwards, who was that? She was like, "What? That was Bruce Springsteen!" I had no idea what he looked like. She thinks that’s blasphemy,' Cara said.
Cara Delevingne is opening up about a bizarre moment where she met iconic musician Bruce Springsteen ... but had no idea it was him.
'Two years ago we were backstage at Glastonbury and we took a photo with this guy. I said to Leah afterwards, who was that? She was like, "What? That was Bruce Springsteen!" I had no idea what he looked like. She thinks that’s blasphemy,' Cara said.
Cara revealed in a 2023 Vogue interview that she first met Leah when they were children and both attended a boarding school in Hampshire, England.
They reconnected a decade later at an Alanis Morissette concert and started dating in 2022, two years after Delevingne split with Ashley Benson.
The actress and model is sober now, though she admitted it was a long journey to her sobriety, revealing she first got drunk at an extremely young age.
She revealed the first time she got drunk was at her aunt's wedding in 2001, 'I got drunk that day. I was eight, what a crazy age to get drunk!'
'I used to think drugs and alcohol helped me cope … but they didn't, they kept me sad and super depressed,' she admitted.
'I feel like I've got my power back and I'm not being controlled by other things,' she admitted.
She also credited her sobriety for helping her keep things together after her Studio City mansion burned to the ground in March.
'It sucks but everyone was safe and, like anything, if I’d not been sober I would still be reeling over that. It would still affect me really deeply,' she said.
Cara revealed in a 2023 Vogue interview that she first met Leah when they were children and both attended a boarding school in Hampshire, England
Delevingne added that both she and her partner have quite different tastes in music in the interview
Delevingne added that both she and her partner have quite different tastes in music in the interview.
'Leah likes old rock, Fleetwood Mac, whereas I like R&B and old-school hip-hop, like the Notorious B.I.G.' Cara said.
'And I love the wave of lesbians in music now, like Chappell Roan and Renee Rapp,' she added.
The couple already have a list of concerts they plan on attending in the future including Taylor Swift, Girls Aloud, Troye Sivan, Robbie Williams and Stevie Nicks. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group