Lydia Patrick is a Newsweek Life and Trends Reporter based in London, focusing on emerging trends, human interest stories, and women's issues. She previously uncovered a growing pattern of knife crime against women in the UK and worked on stories focusing on the dark side of medical tourism. She joined Newsweek in 2024, having previously worked at the Independent and South West News Service. Lydia holds a degree from the University of Bristol and a master's in journalism from Sheffield University. Languages: English and Spanish. You can contact her via email: l.patrick@newsweek.com
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
A 2-year-old Chappell Roan superfan has melted hearts on social media after her mom captured the moment she met her idol.
In May, Juliet Wasson, 2, dubbed "baby Chappell Roan," started listening to the pop star when her mom, Kelsey Wasson (@kelseyjowasson), 29, began playing the singer's The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess album in the car.
"One day, I put on the 'Hot to Go' music video while I was doing her hair. She started pointing to the TV saying, 'Look! Look!' Then, 'Chappell Roan has the same hair as me!' It became an obsession from there," Wasson, a controlled substance compliance coordinator, from Kentucky, told Newsweek.
More From Newsweek Vault: Learn About the Best High-Yield Checking Accounts
"We just so happened to live an hour from where Chappell would be performing a few weeks later, at Kentuckiana Pride, so we got tickets ASAP," she continued.
Chappell Roan's recent meteoric rise to fame is a testament to her unapologetic embrace of her identity and artistry, establishing her as a queer icon and an inspiration to little girls, such as Juliet.
The mom and daughter prepared Juliet's Chappell Roan outfit, and they found a pink sequin onesie, some crib cowboy boots and a pink cowboy hat.
More From Newsweek Vault: Best Credit Cards for Entertainment
"As soon as the costume was in, she put it on and didn't take it off all day," Wasson said. "That first day, she completely embodied Chappell's personality. She no longer responded to Juliet, but insisted her name was Chappell Roan."
The moment little Chappell Roan met big Chappell Roan went viral on TikTok, garnering more than 2 million likes and 8.6 million views.
More From Newsweek Vault: Online Banks vs. Brick-and-Mortar Banks
"The day we met her still feels like a dream. Her team upgraded our whole group to VIP, and we got to go backstage right before the show," Wasson said.
Juliet was initially shy and did not immediately recognize Chappell Roan in her signature drag makeup. But as soon as the singer introduced herself, Juliet's eyes lit up, and she said, "CHAPPELL ROAN?!" before telling her idol, "I love you."
The video montage shows Juliet enjoying the concert perched on her dad's shoulders, clapping along to the music and even performing the dance to "Hot to Go"—a catchy anthem that has become Juliet's favorite song.
Wasson said of the encounter: "I think Chappell is a wonderful role model. Juliet is still too young to understand the gravity of Chappell's hard work, but I see it. It took her more than 10 years to find success in the music industry.
"She hit so many lows on that journey and still persevered. She's such a kind, humble person, even now on her rise to be one of the most famous pop stars in the world."
While the singer's lyrics can be adult-oriented and explicit, Wasson said Juliet mainly focuses on the catchy beats and playful elements. She praised the star's innuendos.
"For instance, in her song 'Red Wine Supernova,' she references a wand and a rabbit," Wasson said. "Juliet only hears a song about a magic wand and a bunny rabbit. To her, 'Pink Pony Club' is about a pink horse."
She added: "'Hot to Go' has taught her to spell. She also loves repeating the chant at the end of 'Femininomenon,' where Chappell says: 'But does it happen? NO!' It's super cute.
"When they're young, they're not listening for the lyrics. They're listening for the beat and the music."
TikTokers were equally captivated by the moment, with fans and even the official Spotify account commenting on the encounter. "CRYING. Baby Chappell Roan met grown Chappell Roan," the music streaming service wrote.
"Omg I'm so happy tall Chappell Roan was able to meet small Chappell Roan," another user added.
One commenter said, "She's gonna tell all her friends about this when she's older oh my goodness."
Lydia Patrick is a Newsweek Life and Trends Reporter based in London, focusing on emerging trends, human interest stories, and women's issues. She previously uncovered a growing pattern of knife crime against women in the UK and worked on stories focusing on the dark side of medical tourism. She joined Newsweek in 2024, having previously worked at the Independent and South West News Service. Lydia holds a degree from the University of Bristol and a master's in journalism from Sheffield University. Languages: English and Spanish. You can contact her via email: l.patrick@newsweek.com
Lydia Patrick is a Newsweek Life and Trends Reporter based in London, focusing on emerging trends, human interest stories, and women's issues. She previously uncovered a growing pattern of knife crime against women in the UK and worked on stories focusing on the dark side of medical tourism. She joined Newsweek in 2024, having previously worked at the Independent and South West News Service. Lydia holds a degree from the University of Bristol and a master's in journalism from Sheffield University. Languages: English and Spanish. You can contact her via email: l.patrick@newsweek.com
Lydia Patrick is a Newsweek Life and Trends Reporter based in London, focusing on emerging trends, human interest stories, and                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC