The Cheek Media cofounder values her phone more than some of her organs – so she’s an authority on Jack Schlossberg, TikToks about pasta and a Barron Trump meme
I consider myself to be chronically online (derogatory). I am deep in rabbit holes I never intended to encounter. Sometimes they are pathways to scientists discovering orcas wearing salmon as hats, others are analysis of the vocal fry of Miley Cyrus. I love being on the pulse of the zeitgeist; sometimes I end up explaining memes to friends that require seven prerequisites to understand. Sometimes it lands, other times my mum says, “Is this your friend?” when I send her a Wicked meme. The battles I fight to keep my group chats up to date with insufferable internet lingo deserves formal recognition. I am the bravest soldier. Alas, it is a thankless badge though I wear it with honour.
This list contains some timeless classics from the year. Welcome to a deep dive of my saved folder. I value my phone more than a few of my organs, so I feel like I’m truly delivering my heart on a platter with this collection.
This article includes content provided by TikTok. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. To view this content, click 'Allow and continue'.
This TikTok changed my life. I love a girl house activity that makes universal sense. I understood every moment of this video and only wish I was present in the room to contribute a cheeseboard as thanks for their genius. I attempted my own versions for makeup products and ice-cream flavours and the 300 views I acquired really put me up there alongside this work of art.
If you don’t follow him on TikTok or Instagram (@jackuno), I’m talking about JFK’s grandson and the son of the former US ambassador to Australia Caroline Kennedy (AKA the Caroline referenced in Sweet Caroline). Schlossberg is an unhinged 31-year-old who uses social media in the way it was designed: an entirely unfiltered personal diary. A key youth campaigner for the Democrats and Vogue’s political correspondent, the man is attractive, intellectual and absolutely unhinged. I can’t even pinpoint a single post because to do this would be to limit the man’s raw vibes.
This article includes content provided by Instagram. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. To view this content, click 'Allow and continue'.
Pointless and divine, @girlscarryingshit on Instagram is one of my favourite forms of feminine expression. Essentially, you tag or send in a photo of a woman carrying things (read: anything) and it might be posted. The account has more than 80,000 followers. Why? Because the imagery of women handling 12 items at once in our delicate and beautiful paws is a sight worthy of worship. I am in awe.
He is the most dangerous man in the world but it is also quite funny to watch Musk try to claw his way to likability. Must be absolutely miserable to become the richest person in the world, buy your own political propaganda machine and still have everyone think you’re a loser. I take Elon Musk incredibly seriously but sometimes you need to laugh.
This X post from @__simone_ was one of my favourite memes of the year. In a year of “rizz” (gen Z language meaning charm, charisma) the reality of being a woman who calls it as it is is earth-shattering. It needs no further explanation.
The anarchy of the 2024 US presidential election can be captured in this singular sentence on YouTube. The rise of new media, the role of white men in conservative politics and the power of social platforms to move the needle are all tragically massive conversations to be had here. This comment was much funnier pre-election than it is now. But the sentiment stands.
This article includes content provided by TikTok. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. To view this content, click 'Allow and continue'.
This circulated my group chats for days. A woman endorsing serious pubic hair in an era when women are still being shamed for having any body hair. The close-up. The seriousness. Trusting only women who prioritise growing out their very private garden is hilarious. I understood this perspective immediately. It is hilarious, absurd and entirely agreeable. Write “trusted women who have a full bush” on my tombstone.
This article includes content provided by Instagram. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. To view this content, click 'Allow and continue'.
This cartoon, which was put on Instagram after the release of Taylor Swift’s record-breaking album The Tortured Poets Department, is snarky and deserved. I like when social conversations perfectly align with celebrity culture, and this was the best of the year. From Chappell Roan to Kate Middleton, this year we repeatedly returned to celebrities’ right to privacy when some people are unable to locate a basic boundary.
This article includes content provided by TikTok. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. To view this content, click 'Allow and continue'.
Caleb Hearon is the funniest person on the internet. I am unsure there is a better, more natural comedian of my generation. To see him and hear him is to be graced by a gift. One of his most acclaimed clips is this response to a man fat-shaming him in the comments section. I have seen this video 87 times and it still feels like the first.
This article includes content provided by TikTok. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. To view this content, click 'Allow and continue'.
I’m the ultimate anti-Trump woman but this video absolutely had me a couple of weeks ago. The audio comes from the re-emergence of video footage where a primary school-age Barron Trump is being filmed with Melania and Donald. We don’t actually know much about Trump’s youngest child but his tone and demeanour in this footage as a little boy, talking about his suitcase and going to school, is amazing – and has been remixed many, many times.
Hannah Ferguson’s new book Taboo is out now (Affirm Press, $34.99)