HBO’s Bill Maher dedicated a portion of Friday night’s edition of Real Time to pop singer Chappell Roan and other young Americans he accused of siding with Israel’s enemies in the year since the Oct. 7, 2023, terror attacks.
Maher claimed that while they were free to express their LGBT identities in the US, they would be thrown off rooftops for doing so if they traveled to Gaza.
“I didn’t learn about the Middle East from TikTok, which is a Chinese company whose totalitarian government would just love to have America’s youth hating America,” Maher said in response to a comment from Roan to TMZ about a desire to educate herself on the conflict in the Middle East. “That’s some of that algorithm stuff you say you want to look into.”
Maher said that while he could appreciate young people who are “moved” by seeing dead Palestinians, he took issue with those who refer to Israelis as “colonizers.”
“My guess is that Gen Z hearts are hardened by the propaganda you see on TikTok, which likes to call the Jews colonizers,” he said. “But colonizers are intruders who have no history in an area, like when Spain conquered the Mayans or like when your mom took over Facebook.”
The host said referring to “Jews as colonizers in Israel” is akin to “calling Native Americans colonizers here, it’s ridiculous.” He added:
Chappell, if you think it was repressive growing up queer in the Midwest, try the Mideast. You’re a female drag queen, and you sing, “I fucked you in the bathroom when we went to dinner, your parents at the table.” Yeah, that wouldn’t fly in Gaza. Although, you would – straight off a roof. The same goes for “knee-deep on the passenger seat and you’re eating me out.” Yeah, my guess is the morality police would figure out that one’s not about the drive-thru and kill your feather, bow-wearing ass. You know when you sing that LA is where girls and boys can all be queens every single day? You’re welcome, but offer not good in the West Bank.
Watch above via Real Time with Bill Maher.

Have a tip or story idea? Email us.
 Or to keep it anonymous, click here.