Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Saturday Night Live is gearing up for Season 50, and of course, prepping plenty of presidential election material. But who will take on Donald Trump this season? 
Series creator Lorne Michaels and Weekend Update anchors Michael Che and Colin Jost spoke with The Hollywood Reporter ahead of the sketch comedy show’s milestone 50th season.
During their conversation, Michaels was asked about who will be playing the former president and the 2024 Republican presidential candidate, as the reporter name-dropped current cast member James Austin Johnson and alum Alec Baldwin. 
Michaels replied, “I think James will be there, but I don’t want to get into what I’m doing.
As for who will be portraying Trump’s running mate, J.D. Vance, Michaels played coy, only teasing that he “think[s they] have the people to play [the candidates] and it should be fun.”
“And Trump has morphed,” he added. “James, who I think is brilliant, played Trump as the sort of diminished Trump. The guy at the back of the hardware store holding court, and that played because it felt relevant. But we are going to have to reinvent it again because, well, you saw the debate.”
While Maya Rudolph is set to return as vice president and Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris, there has been no official word on who will portray vice-presidential candidate and Minnesota governor Tim Walz. Steve Martin had joked about fans’ calls for him to assume the role, but he ultimately turned down the offer, telling the Los Angeles Times, “I wanted to say no and, by the way, [Michaels] wanted me to say no.”
“I said, ‘Lorne, I’m not an impressionist. You need someone who can really nail the guy,’” he explained. “I was picked because I have gray hair and glasses.”
Even Michaels, who told THR that he and Martin have “been very good friends for longer than you’ve been alive,” acknowledged that he was not the right fit.
“It’s not the thing he does,” he continued. “But there’s lots that he does that you’ll be seeing.”
On Wednesday (Sept. 18), the show announced the season’s first five pairs of hosts and musical guests, among them Jean Smart, Jelly Roll, Nate Bargatze, Coldplay, Ariana Grande, Stevie Nicks, Michael Keaton, Billie Eilish, John Mulaney and Chappell Roan.
Saturday Night Live Season 50 kicks off on Sept. 28 at 11:30 p.m. ET/ 8:30 p.m. ET on NBC and Peacock.

This story has been shared 3,747 times.
3,747


This story has been shared 3,025 times.
3,025


This story has been shared 1,697 times.
1,697


This story has been shared 1,322 times.
1,322


This story has been shared 1,123 times.
1,123


This story has been shared 987 times.
987


This story has been shared 845 times.
845


This story has been shared 812 times.
812


This story has been shared 525 times.
525


This story has been shared 518 times.
518


This story has been shared 504 times.
504


This story has been shared 371 times.
371


This story has been shared 362 times.
362


This story has been shared 313 times.
313


This story has been shared 292 times.
292