Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
This week, fans have been left buzzing with anticipation at the possibility of an esteemed musician joining the roster for next year's Glastonbury Festival after he gave them an update on his music career. Tom Misch, the 29-year-old sensation, recently announced that his fourth studio album will be dropping next year, following the release of his fresh extended play, Six Songs, last Friday.
Misch took to Instagram to share this exciting development, sparking conversations about an upcoming tour and stirring rumours that he might grace the stage at the iconic Glastonbury event. Speculation is rife that the Ivor Novello Award-nominated artist may make an appearance at the five-day festival, which takes place at Worthy Farm in Somerset, scheduled from June 25 to 29 next year.
Previously, back in 2020, Tom was confirmed as part of that year's Glastonbury line-up alongside Yussef Dayes, with whom he brought out the collaborative project 'What Kinda Music'. Alas, due to the Covid pandemic, the festival was called off.
Against the backdrop of his recent announcement, some zealous fans on Reddit expressed hope that Misch might finally get to play at Glastonbury. A fan speculated in one of the threads: "With Tom Misch due to release an album in 2025, could this mean he will be on the lineup? He was supposed to play in 2020 with Yussef Dayes and obviously never in the end due to Covid so this could be a highly likely rumour imo! ".
 The post garnered over a dozen upvotes, with many fans discussing the possibility of Tom's appearance at Glastonbury in the comments. One enthusiastic fan commented, "I think he's nailed it, new album coming out soon.", reports the Mirror. 
Another fan reacted with optimism, saying "Fingers crossed! " Someone else suggested a specific slot for Tom, saying "Set on a main stage followed by a super shy slot in one of Arcadia or levels please."
Meanwhile, another fan expressed their long-held desire to see Tom perform, saying "I wish been wanting to see him for years."
The excitement extended to Tom's Instagram post, where fans eagerly anticipated the prospect of a tour.
One fan asked, "Please tell me this means a tour."
Another fan simply said, "Bring me the tour."
A third fan wrote, "I'm waiting for him to go on tour."
Someone else speculated, "Omg does that mean a 2025 tour? "Tom had announced his new project, Six Songs, on Thursday, revealing that he would be releasing an EP this Friday. He described it as a collection of songs, including previously released ones, that needed to see the light of day before he starts releasing his album next year.
He teased that 2025 would bring the album he's been working on, expressing his happiness to start releasing music again. The speculation about Tom's potential Glastonbury appearance comes as fans await the full line-up announcement.
So far, Rod Stewart is the only confirmed act, scheduled to perform in the 'legends' slot on Sunday afternoon. In more recent news, Nile Rodgers has announced his performance at the festival.
There's also been whispers that Stevie Wonder could be the headline act on the Pyramid Stage and Neil Young might perform on the same stage. Recent speculation suggests that Chappell Roan, Olivia Rodrigo and Charli XCX have committed to the festival.
Additionally, there's been chatter about the possibility of Basement Jaxx joining next year's line-up.