A few clouds. Low 47F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph..
                                
A few clouds. Low 47F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 8:01 pm
Saturday Night Live will conclude its landmark 50th season in just a few weeks, and NBC has revealed the three hosts and musical guest stars who’ll help to bring the anniversary run to its end. Here’s a look at what we know about the final three episodes of SNL Season 50.
The Season 50 festivities will conclude with three back-to-back-to-back episodes.
On May 3, Abbott Elementary‘s Quinta Brunson will star, with Benson Boone as the musical guest. It’s Brunson’s second turn taking the stage at 8H and Boone’s first stint on the show.
Then, on May 10, Walton Goggins makes his Saturday Night Live debut in support of his two HBO hits The White Lotus and The Righteous Gemstones. The musical guest for that episode is the band Arcade Fire, appearing for the sixth time in support of their new album Pink Elephant.
Finally, on May 17’s finale, Scarlett Johansson returns to the show for the seventh time as host, promoting her film release Jurassic World Rebirth. Bad Bunny is the musical guest for the episode, his third appearance as such, promoting the album DeBÍ TiRAR MáS FOToS.
So far in Season 50, the following host and musical guest combos have performed for the show’s golden anniversary:
September 28: Jean Smart with Jelly Roll
October 5: Nate Bargatze and Coldplay
October 12: Ariana Grande and Stevie Nicks
October 19: Michael Keaton and Billie Eilish
November 2: John Mulaney and Chappell Roan
November 9: Bill Burr and Mk.gee
November 16: Charlie XCX
December 7: Paul Mescal and Shaboozey
December 14: Chris Rock and Gracie Adams
December 21: Martin Short and Hozier
January 18: Dave Chappelle and GloRilla
January 25: Timothee Chalamet
March 1: Shane Gillis and Tate McRae
March 8: Lady Gaga
March 29: Mikey Madison and Morgan Wallen
April 5: Jack Black and Elton John and Brandi Carlile
April 12: Jon Hamm and Lizzo
Joining the cast for Season 50 were three newcomers: Ashley Padilla, Emil Wakim, and Jane Wickline. Meanwhile, Marcello Hernandez, Michael Longfellow, and Devon Walker have been promoted to the main cast. And repertory players who returned for the season were Andrew Dismukes, Bowen Yang, Chloe Fineman, Colin Jost, Heidi Gardner, Kenan Thompson, James Austin Johnson, Michael Che, Mikey Day, and Sarah Sherman.
Chloe Troast, Punkie Johnson, and Molly Kearney did not return after Season 49.
Creator Lorne Michaels promised that SNL‘s 50th season will be a big one: “The 50th will be a big event. We’ll bring everyone back from all 50 years and hosts and all of that. It will be a very emotional and very strong thing. There won’t be as many plus-ones, I can tell you that much,” he told The New York Times. He also told Entertainment Weekly that he may retire after Season 50, saying, “I have a feeling that would be a really good time to leave.” He later recanted that statement and suggested he’ll be back for Season 51.
One way the show’s new season is already bigger than the rest is that there was a biopic film about the creation of the very first SNL episode that hit theaters on October 11, and there was a 50th-anniversary special, which aired on NBC on Sunday, February 16, 2025.
Saturday Night Live, Saturdays, 11:30/10:30c, NBC
More Headlines:

                Originally published on tvinsider.com, part of the BLOX Digital Content Exchange.
            
Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: