By
Erinn Callahan
Chappell Roan is arguably the most in-demand artist of the summer. Her seamless marriage of ’80s synth-pop and early 2000s pop hits on songs like “HOT TO GO!” and “Good Luck, Babe!” have propelled her to the top of the charts. She is your favorite artist’s favorite artist. Recently, however, the “Pink Pony Club” singer sparked controversy when she announced the cancellation of two upcoming European shows.
In a social media post on Thursday (Aug. 29), Chappell Roan blamed “scheduling conflicts” for scrapping two upcoming shows. The “Casual” star was due to perform at Le Bataclan in Paris, France, on Sept. 3, with a show at Melkweg in Amsterdam, the Netherlands, set for the following day.
Additionally, Roan had a show planned for this Saturday (Aug. 31) at Columbiahalle in Berlin, Germany. The pop star has rescheduled that stop for Sept. 23.
“I am so sorry & very disappointed,” she wrote on X/Twitter. “I promise I will be back. I’m heartbroken.”
Those who have already paid to see Roan in Paris and Amsterdam will receive a refund at the point of purchase, Roan said in a separate post. “Berlin, your tickets will be automatically transferred over to the new date,” she wrote.
After Chappell Roan announced she was backing out of two European shows, many fans took to social media to vent their frustration. Some lamented being out “hundreds of pounds” for flight and hotel costs. “Not cool at all,” one X/Twitter user wrote.
Some even suggested that Roan was blowing off her European fans for the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards. Roan, who is up for two awards, will perform during the Sept. 11 ceremony at UBS Arena in Long Island, New York.
“She really [chose] the VMAS over her fans but i thought she hated fame??” one X/Twitter user wrote.
[RELATED: Chappell Roan Shares Raw Insights Into the Music Industry: “You Flourish If You Don’t Protect Yourself”]
While their disappointment is understandable, cancellations are an unfortunate reality of being a performer. Some fans took to social media to defend Roan, with one writing, “Yall really are finding any reason to drag her name Like bro its her first international tour. She’ll be back. Her career is literally skyrocketing rn and youre mad.”
Featured image by Michael Hurcomb/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand