I was absolutely sick of men...but not the gay ones. 
“What did we do right to end up here?” my roommate asked. Standing on the roof deck of a chic seaside party house overlooking a pristine swimming pool surrounded by men in Speedos, I’d just been asking myself the same thing. After a downright Odyssean journey that began at 9 a.m. that morning and involved two Ubers, a train, a ferry, and a significant trek down the beach like shipwrecked sailors on a hero’s journey, we’d finally arrived in gay paradise: Fire Island Pines.
Two straight women in a sea of gay men, we’d managed to catch an invite to Archer House, a two-day summer blowout hosted by queer dating app Archer. (Yes, best believe this job comes with perks.) And despite being two heterosexual fish out of water, we’d never felt more welcome in our entire lives. 
It was mid-June and I’d just declared a No Man Summer after a, shall we say, emotionally challenging year marred by two devastating situationship breakups and a short-lived rebound fling with a condescending comedian who repeatedly questioned my intelligence. Even as boy sobriety, dating sabbaticals, and female celibacy had started trending in recent years, I never thought I—someone whose literal job is sex and relationships—would need to take a break from them. But by Memorial Day weekend, I was just about ready to call the fucking police if a man so much as breathed in my vicinity. 
So imagine my surprise to find myself literally surrounded by men, effectively crashing an all-male space, and having the time of my goddamn life. The key thing, of course, is that I wasn’t just surrounded by men; I was surrounded by queer men. Here, all of the stressors and anxieties of the heterosexual dating space—of being a woman under patriarchy, period—seemed to evaporate. The sexualization and the insecurity and the beauty standards and the internalized misogyny that somehow still seems to creep up when some guy is hitting on your friend and not you—it was nowhere to be found. It felt like we had dropped anchor on the one little strip of land on the planet that existed outside the male gaze, patriarchy’s blind spot. 
Drinking poolside and chatting and laughing with men who were impossibly kind and welcoming without having to worry about whether they were hitting on me or if they thought I was hot or what gross conversation they’d just had with their friend about me from across the room, I felt like a literal weight had been lifted from my shoulders.
So later this summer, when an invitation to explore the gayest corners of L.A. with Grindr, the OG gay dating app, found its way into my inbox, I couldn’t say yes fast enough. In celebration of Grindr’s sexy new travel series, “Host or Travel,” we’d be hitting the hottest spots in the West Hollywood Gayborhood, from queer line dancing at Stud Country to a night out at The Abbey (aka Chappell Roan’s “Pink Pony Club”). Another summer escape to an iconic queer safe space? Yes, please! 
Now, allow me to make a few things clear. First of all, I don’t mean to suggest that the queer dating scene isn’t plagued by its own frustrating power dynamics and drama nor that queer men don’t suffer under patriarchy. Surprise, we all suffer under patriarchy (love that for us), especially members of marginalized communities. But as a straight woman and very grateful guest in these spaces, they really did feel like sanctuaries where for the first time since childhood, I could breathe air that wasn’t polluted with patriarchal toxins. 
I also don’t want to speak out of turn. I am well aware that there are differing views (not all positive!) among members of the LGBTQ+ community about straight people invading queer spaces. We’re all familiar with the stereotypical horde of aggressively straight bachelorette parties crashing gay clubs in the most annoying possible way, and let the record show I did not come here to promote it. (Ladies, do not be that bachelorette party!) But I don’t think I’m incorrect in suggesting that queer spaces are often inclusive ones. 
Maybe that’s because, unlike heterosexual dating, which has historically been rooted in a power imbalance of female subservience to men, queerness is coded with a drive toward equality. Take for example, Grindr’s aptly named Grindr for Equality mission, which provides resources and programs with the goal of creating “a world that is safe, just, and inclusive for people of all sexual orientations and gender identities.”
I’m not sure whether straight womanhood is technically part of “all sexual orientations and gender identities” in this context, but I can tell you that I certainly felt safe and included in the queer hot spots where Grindr so graciously hosted my heterosexual ass. At exactly zero point, whether I was nodding off instead of line-dancing at Stud Country (I am a sleepy gal who does not handle shifting time zones well), sweating my drugstore self-tanner off my skin and onto my white shorts during an un-air-conditioned tour of the Tom of Finland House, or repeatedly defending one Taylor Alison Swift to a crowd of non-Taylor gays, did anyone’s vibe seem to suggest, “Who the hell brought the straight, sweaty Swiftie?”  I may not be the target demo for an iconic gay dating app, but much like the daters who explore LGBTQ+ destinations around the world in Grindr’s “Host or Travel” series, I too spent my summer hopping from gay paradise to transcontinental gay paradise.
Of course, as No Man Summer comes to an end, I have been forced to reckon with the reality that I will, at some point, have to start dating men again. I know I can’t hide out with the gays forever. But to my lovely queer friends, thank you for taking me in in my time of need. And, of course, for letting me crash your parties.
Psst: Here’s What the G-Spot Actually *Is*
Behold: The Best Clit Suckers on the Market Rn
Add These Positions to Your Sexual Bucket List
My Sexual Assault Made Me Want Sex More
Meet: Our Favorite Vibrators Ever (No, Really)
Here’s How to Tell If You’re in a Situationship
How to Deal With an Ex Who Won’t Go Away
Re: The ‘Sinners’ Spit Scene, a Brief Word on Spit
All About Age-Gap Relationships
15 Lazy Sex Positions You + Your Partner Will Love
A Rim Job Helped Me Realize I’m Trans
Why I Was “Late to Lez”
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.