Man, you sing a few songs about being a lesbian, and not a single person can be normal about you ever again.
Chappell Roan, the 26-year-old pop star originally from Missouri, has steadily been taking over the world. Since the release of her debut album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess last year, Roan has simultaneously become your favorite artist’s favorite artist, your 22-year-old cousin’s deepest obsession, and an object of ire among all the 39-year-old straight men you know who just “don’t really get the white-face makeup thing, like, who is that for?” Roan has been in the music industry for almost a decade, but only now is experiencing the full flush of fame, one that comes with the kind of audience you could only dream of (she’ll be the musical guest on Saturday Night Live later this fall) and the kind of audience you fear (getting stalked).
But since she’s been asked about how she plans on voting in the upcoming presidential election, Roan has fallen into the crosshairs of both Trump voters who were primed to hate a young queer woman from a red state and Harris voters who think anything other than blind fealty to Kamala Is Brat is akin to Republicanism. “I’m pretty, ‘Fuck the government, and fuck everything that’s going on right now,’ ” she told Rolling Stone earlier this month. “I don’t have a side because I hate both sides, and I’m so embarrassed about everything going on right now.”
What Roan said, and has been saying for months now, is pretty simple: Voting for Donald Trump is not beyond reproach, while Kamala Harris is the lesser of a few bad options, but neither candidate deserves an excited, full-throated endorsement from someone like her. But, weeks after the Rolling Stone story, after enduring an onslaught of criticism and interrogation from nearly every political side imaginable, Roan is still on TikTok trying to explain the nuance of her stance as a person and as a celebrity. “There’s no way I can stand behind some of the left’s completely transphobic and completely genocidal views,” she said. “Fuck Trump, for fucking real, but fuck some of the shit that has gone down in the Democratic Party that has failed people like me and you.”
Im done talking about it. If you dont get what im saying from this, its a lost cause. And im not forcing you to agree with me. This is my statement. Have a good day 

          This content requires consent that you have not granted on Slate. To
          view this content please
visit
              www.tiktok.com
            or
          update your cookie
            preferences.
          


          Learn more about this at
          our privacy page.
        
Roan’s conservative critics are a lost cause—she was never going to win them over, not by dressing up as the Statue of Liberty at this summer’s Gov Ball in New York, smoking a giant fake joint, and screaming about how she had no plans to accept an invitation to the White House. But now, there are plenty of Harris voters and liberals who are angry with her perfectly reasonable but slightly wrinkled position that no government, right now, deserves her loud championship. Roan has said repeatedly that she plans on voting for Harris, even if it does appear to be a decision she’s making while plugging her nose—something that plenty of disillusioned young voters can relate to. Yes, Trump needs to be stopped in his efforts to return to power, as Democrats have exhorted through this past year, but Roan is already doing her civic part; that doesn’t mean she can’t approach this country’s terrible two-party system with some nuance and well-deserved fury.
It’s been a long few months of Roan brushing up against controversy after controversy, as her frankness and refusal to tolerate disrespect have rubbed some people the wrong way. But Roan, despite what many strangers on the internet are suggesting, does not need a PR person to handle this minicrisis for her. Her fury is by design. Who is Roan if not the result of a deeply chaotic turn of the century? Her life, and the lives of other young people like her, have been guided by 9/11, the demonization of brown and Black people, the continued politicization of the female body, an encouraging swell and then terrifying clampdown around LGBTQ+ rights, the death of Roe v. Wade, Donald Trump, the pandemic, school shooting lockdown measures from childhood to adulthood, and the horror of 40,000 Palestinians killed by Israel since last October. In the very few elections she’s been able to vote in since she turned 18, she’s seen the inertia of the Democratic Party and Biden’s administration. She’s seen abortion clinics shut down and trans youth persecuted. She’s seen Harris, our only real alternative to Trump, brag about having the “most lethal” military in the world, as if that’s something to aspire to.
Roan isn’t your typical pop star not only because of her age and sexual orientation—which get trotted out routinely as explanations for her defensiveness—but because she’s been forced to bear witness to the same horrors the rest of us have. She’s reacting the way a regular human being would, rather than trotting out pablum and platitudes like airbrushed celebrities often do.
The problem, as usual, is with the rest of us. All election cycles are traumatizing, but our current election is yet again poised to redirect the next 20 years of American history. The stakes feel high—higher than even during Trump’s first campaign cycle, where we didn’t yet know what kind of president he’d be. There are always celebrities that can help move the political needle. That’s why Taylor Swift publicly endorsing Harris had so much weight. But given Swift’s origins as a country artist, and her current status as a straight-down-the-center mainstream one, she seems more likely to have fans who are moderate, or undecided, or even historically Republican themselves. Roan, who is decidedly more politically outspoken than Swift has ever been, isn’t going to change minds. She will only affirm them.
Roan’s art is about joy, but also about resistance; her work references drag queens and Joan of Arc and lucha libre. She understands defiance, and no one needs to lecture her on its value. Meanwhile, there’s no question that a second Trump term would be objectively worse for people of color, trans and queer people, marginalized poor people, and immigrants; his brutalist policies make that clear. But a Harris win, while preferable to the alternative, is by no means a perfect or immediate salve for all those who suffer under the American empire. While it might be a necessary choice for leftists to make just to muscle through another November, it doesn’t need to be a choice made with glee.
At a certain point, all those being harshly critical of Roan have to ask themselves: What do you even want from her? To be clear-eyed about her civic duty as a famous person? She’s already done it. If the public is seeking their moral and ethical cues on who to vote for—or the value of voting in the first place—from a 26-year-old who makes perfectly good songs about finger-blasting some girl in your used Pontiac in Missouri, well, consider that a further sign of just how far we have strayed from God’s light.
All this uproar has clearly worn on Roan, who has canceled a music festival appearance in light of the “overwhelming” past few weeks. But the burden of telling adults what to do during a polarizing election shouldn’t be on her. She doesn’t need a PR person, an attitude adjustment, or to shut up and sing. What she needs to do is exactly what she’s already been doing: Being honest about how a federal election limits us, and how dispiriting it is that a Democrat whose administration refuses to stop enabling violence and death is the best option of countless many that are far worse. It’s almost impossible to be famous and sincere at the same time, and Roan is just at the beginning of her life as a household name. She—and all of us, in turn—should try to hold onto that honesty for as long as humanly possible.
Slate is published by The Slate
          Group, a Graham Holdings Company.
All contents ©
        2025
        The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved.