She previously said her sophomore album would be "super weird"
Chappell Roan has seemingly begun teasing her highly anticipated sophomore album.
Roan shared a new post on Instagram, where she apparently hinted at the upcoming project with a reference to Love Island.
In the carousel post, she holds up her debut album ‘The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess’. Another slide on the post sees her with a microphone in her hand, seemingly in a recording studio. She wrote on the caption: “Album kinda popped off imo but it is time to welcome a hot new bombshell into the villa.”
A post shared by ･ﾟ: *✧ Chappell Roan ✧*:･ﾟ (@chappellroan)
This isn’t the first time we’ve heard about the upcoming record. Earlier this month (October 24), producer Dan Nigro revealed that he had been working in the studio with Roan, and that they had recorded five songs together: “I’ll say that much. It’s a new version of Chappell.”
With one track set to feature the fiddle, Nigro went on to tease a “fun, up-tempo country song,” a “couple of ballads” and a “mid-tempo rock song”.
In September, the former NME Cover star previously hinted at the sounds fans could expect from her new album: “We have a country song. We have a dancy song. We have one that’s really Eighties, and we have one that’s acoustic, and we have one that’s really organic, live-band, Seventies vibe. It’s super weird.”
Credit: Kristen Jan Wong for NME
So far, fans suspect that one song on the new album could be ‘Subway’, which Roan debuted at her Governor’s Ball performance. Speaking about the track, Roan said she liked performing the song but that it likely wouldn’t be a single.
“I just like performing it,” she told the publication. “I have two others that I really want to perform, too, [but] I don’t know what’s next. When I don’t know, it just hasn’t hit me yet because usually I know. I always have an answer. I don’t think it’s ‘Subway.’”
Roan released her debut studio album ‘The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess’ to wide acclaim in September last year. In a four-star review, NME described it as “a display of Roan’s bold and brazen pen, where she places searing revelations alongside some deliciously cheeky choruses”.
It has since topped the UK album chart almost a year after its release – something Elton John congratulated her on.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.