Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 8)
I’m also a massive Swiftie and I agree, she’s not winning GF for sure. Maybe Pop Group/Duo but I agree, unlike Midnights, TTPD isn’t part of the regular cultural zeitgeist. She doesn’t need to win for this. 
She’ll definitely be there tho…I’m sure she’s aware of what her chances and will be there for a good time and to root for her peers (especially Sabrina). She was probably very nervous and obviously too drunk at this year’s ceremony, she’s aware of the criticism she got and will definitely work on it.
I’m expecting 0 wins for Taylor, with her not even attending. The film category is probably going to Beyoncé. 
She’s getting plenty of nominations so she’ll obviously be there. The Eras Tour is a bigger success than RWT by every single metric. The Eras Tour film has outgrossed Beyonce’s film by a huge margin (Tay’s movie grossed 6-7x more than Bey’s). If The Eras Tour film loses it will be to Jon Batiste’s American Symphony or to a random doc about a respected music legend.
She’ll definitely be there tho…I’m sure she’s aware of what her chances and will be there for a good time and to root for her peers (especially Sabrina). She was probably very nervous and obviously too drunk at this year’s ceremony, she’s aware of the criticism she got and will definitely work on it.

Root for which peers? If Sabrina released close to TTPD, Swift would have CD-blocked her as well. 
Time heals everything…don’t end it…wait it out.
Get real! Sabrina Carpenter and Chappell Roan are NOT more competitive in Record of the Year, Album of the Year, and Song of the Year than Beyoncé and Billie Eilish. Pure delusion. Even Ariana Grande and Taylor Swift have stronger chances. 
I think we can all agree that Beyonce, Ariana and Taylor ain’t winning AOTY.
Sabrina and Chappell are both currently overshadowing Billie. There is way more momentum and hype for them. HMHAS is a successful album but it didn’t make a big enough impact to win AOTY. She’s doing good but other girls are doing better and have a bigger momentum and hype. Billie is kinda just there. I believe she’s getting the GUTS/HTE treatment in the GF.
Sabrina is obviously doing better than Billie and is currently dominating the Hot 100 charts. And Chappell’s album (which doesn’t include her biggest hit Good Luck, Babe) will surpass Hit Me Hard and Soft on BB200 as soon as next week.  They are both charting 5 songs on Hot 100. Chappell’s sales are still increasing and climbing up the charts unlike Billie whose sales are decreasing with each passing week.
Get real!  Billie Eilish is NOT getting the Guts/Happier Than Ever treatment in the General Field.  Pure delusion.  Eilish is winning Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album again.  A poptart like Sabrina Carpenter will never be ahead of a Grammy darling and the nomination(s) will be Chappell Roan’s reward.
 Root for which peers? If Sabrina released close to TTPD, Swift would have CD-blocked her as well. 
Nah, she’s competitive and sometimes a lil bit petty but she was always very supportive to her “industry friends”  like Ed, Lorde, Selena….But whatever, she’ll definitely pretend and act like she’s rooting and supporting her peers…like most do.
Get real! Billie Eilish is NOT getting the Guts/Happier Than Ever treatment in the General Field. Pure delusion. Eilish is winning Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album again. A poptart like Sabrina Carpenter will never be ahead of a Grammy darling and the nomination(s) will be Chappell Roan’s reward. 
Grammys are all about the  momentum and narratives. Billie doesn’t have one. Don’t forget Harry Styles (from 1D) won over thee Adele 2 yeara ago.
Get real!  Taylor Shit might NOT win Best Music Film.  Pure fucking delusion.
Childish Gambino’s new album, the soundtrack to his film Bando Stone & The New World, will release July 19th. Its being billed as his final album. https://x.com/popbase/status/1808177530089934973?s=46&t=W7vKJYpmgcIRinwwqgWO1Q 
So would this be going in visual media?
 I think the biggest reason PTTR didn’t make the GF is because they cut the nominations from 10 to 8. Had they kept it at 10 & she got in, she would’ve been the first artist in history to have been nominated for ROTY four consecutive times. 
I agree with you but also if that song couldn’t make the 8 then why will the album make the 8 when PTTR is bigger than the album itself, that’s what I’m wondering
Get real! Taylor Shit is NOT winning Best Music Film. Pure fucking delusion. 
I said that she MIGHT win and that it’s more likely she wins Best Music Film than in the GF or Pop Vocal Album.
So, who do you think is winning Best Music Film then?
 Grammys are all about the momentum and narratives. Billie doesn’t have one. Don’t forget Harry Styles (from 1D) won over thee Adele 2 yeara ago. 
well 30 was a def decline from 25.
also eyelash won general field for a non-top 10 song and a #8 peaking song.
 They are both charting 5 songs on Hot 100. Chappell’s sales are still increasing and climbing up the charts unlike Billie whose sales are decreasing with each passing week. 
Chappell also has TWO MORE songs on the verge of entering the Hot 100 which will make almost half the album charting and is about to enter the Top 5 (Midwest Princess, Hot 200) and Top 10 (GLB, Hot 100)
@Elias, girl we need to apply to this team after graduation. https://aitestkitchen.withgoogle.com/tools/music-fx
It’s music AI from Google Research.
well 30 was a def decline from 25.
also eyelash won general field for a non-top 10 song and a #8 peaking song.
I think her behavior in regard to the whole Vegas residency thing turned off a lot of voters & that’s why she wasn’t as successful at the Grammys for 30 as she had been before.
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 8)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media