Rock band The Killers closed the third and final day of Boston Calling, which was the only day of the festival that sold out of General Admission tickets.
Formed in 2001 by lead singer Brandon Flowers and guitarist Dave Keuning, The Killers took the Green Stage around 9:15 p.m. Sunday, May 26.
During the band’s set, Flowers said The Killers have been coming to New England for more than 20 years, and while Flowers said “a lot has changed,” he promised fans looking for a night of rock and roll that they “came to the right place.”
The Killers promise fans at Boston Calling that if they came looking for a night of rock and roll that they “came to the right place.” @Boston Calling @The Killers #masslive #bostoncalling #thekillers #somebodytoldme #mrbrightside 
The Killers kept that promise by delivering a ground-shaking performance that included songs like “All These Things That I’ve Done,” “Somebody Told Me” and “Mr. Brightside.”
During the band’s set, Flowers also joked about how playing at the Harvard Athletic Complex was “the closest anyone on this stage has been to an Ivy League school.”
The Killers performed Sunday along with other major acts including Royel Otis, The Revivalists, Megan Thee Stallion, Chappell Roan and Hozier. You can see more of MassLive’s coverage of Boston Calling here.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices