By 

	Tomás Mier


Boston Calling has responded to complains that certain areas of the festival seemed overcrowded this weekend. In a statement released on Tuesday, the festival assured attendees that while the official count was “several thousand” below capacity, they’d work to make sure people feel safe in the future.

	“We deeply appreciate the audience, staff, and performers who make Boston Calling possible, and want to acknowledge feedback from Sunday,” the statement read. “While attendee count was several thousand below the official capacity rating of the site, we never want anyone to feel uncomfortable or unsafe at the show.”

	“The safety and well-being of our fans, artists, guests and staff is paramount,” the statement continued. “We will continue to work with public officials and our operations team to improve the experience, layout, and ultimately create a better environment for everyone.”
A post shared by Boston Calling (@bostoncalling)

	Boston Calling was hosted over Memorial Day weekend at the Harvard Athletic Complex. It featured performances from the Killers, Ed Sheeran, Megan Thee Stallion, Chappell Roan, Reneé Rapp, and Luke Hemmings.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	A Boston.com review of the festival noticed an over-filled crowd for Roan’s performance on the main stage. “I’ve been to every single Boston Calling, and I’ve never seen the festival more crowded than it was on Sunday, which was the only day that sold out,” read the Kevin Slane review. “The number I heard from a few different festival sources was 40,000 people (compared to only 16,000 on Saturday), but it felt like even more than that.”

	One tweet from an attendee described the festival’s Sunday event as “ridiculously unsafe,” while some Instagram comments described it as an “absolute disaster.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.