The Midwest princess even brought a sword to complete the look. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

It was never a question that Chappell Roan would decimate the red carpet at the 2024 VMAs with something truly unforgettable. Still, I was unprepared for just how theatrical and avant-garde the pop star would go. Lesson learned!
To mark her first time attending and performing at the awards show—where she's also nominated for best new artist, song of the summer, and best trending video—Chappell Roan pulled out all the stops. She arrived in full Joan of Arc regalia wearing a Y/Project gauzy brownish plum naked dress, chainmail gloves, and an oversized cross necklace.
Chappell Roan in Y/Project at the 2024 VMAs. 
Roan accessorized with a tiny silver bag and dagger nails.
She even had a helpful knight in leather to carry her sword and help her pose for pictures. I can certainly imagine needing such assistance when you have silver dagger nails and a tiny beaded bag to carry. The over-accessorizing also extended to Roan's long red hair, which was wrapped with chains and pearls.
Roan got somewhat into character on the carpet, telling a photographer to shut the f–ck up when they instructed her how to pose. When she dressed for battle, she meant it.
The star even brought a sword and a page boy to the show. 
Roan recently told Rolling Stone that when she's not on stage or in front of the camera, she tends to wear very little color. “I wear gray and black IRL because I can’t handle the shit that I wear,” she explained. But the pop star is revered for her campy, character-driven costuming on the festival circuit. The looks she dreamt up for her record-breaking Lollapalooza set cemented her status as a fashion and beauty icon in the making. The first was a take on Marie Antionette drag, complete with towering wig, reminiscent of the glass doll runway makeup Pat McGrath devised for Maison Margiela’s Spring 2024 runway. The second was an Wrestlemania beat worthy of Hulk Hogan himself.
Chappell Roan channeling Wrestlemania at Lollapalooza.
In a profile interview with Vulture, Roan's beloved stylist Genesis Webb told the outlet she and the singer quickly bonded as collaborators because they "both have a trashy, less defined sense of fashion than high fashion," a shared love of drag, and a mutual interest in a “sharp meets soft” aesthetic.
“When I was dressing her, we immediately went into this mode of, ‘Eh, who cares about the label and politics—I just want you to look sick,’” the stylist recalled in the interview.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
To date, Webb has assisted Roan with more than fifty elaborate looks.
"It’s why I love being a stylist, especially someone who doesn’t just do full looks from the runway," she concluded. "We start with a theme and then go, ‘Okay, how can we make it campier, bigger?’”
Hanna Lustig is a staff writer at Marie Claire, where she gets to gab every day about the topics she holds most dear: fashion, beauty, and celebrity. Hanna’s editorial journey began with formative internships at Elle and InStyle, where she was lucky enough to work for some of the smartest women in media while she was still in college at the University of Tennessee. Hanna then accepted a digital culture reporting fellowship at Insider, where she helped carve out a new beat dedicated to covering influencers. Those experiences later served her well as a staff writer at Glamour, where she developed a knack for spinning quick turnaround celebrity news and trend reporting into juicy feature stories. Some of her greatest hits include an earnest ode to the no-pants trend, this meticulously reported feature exploring the rise of endoscopic facelifts, this snappy take on the Chanel-designed fantasy of Sofia Richie’s wedding, this tribute to WAGs past and present, and this timeline of Katie Holmes’s life and career as told through her denim collection.
Diane Keaton once hung up on Hanna during an interview, but thankfully that mishap did not derail what has otherwise been a deeply fulfilling career writing for and about women. As one of Marie Claire's resident experts on style and culture, her current coverage ranges from exploring TikTok's contrast makeup theory and the return of the boat shoe trend to interviews with costume designers for hit shows like Nobody Wants This and The Penguin. When she’s not at work, Hanna can probably be found listening to pop music, talking to her dog, and gossiping with her best friends. For more of Hanna’s perfect opinions on pop culture, you can follow her on Instagram and X.

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


With a corporate twist.


This runway look is unlike any other.


It's made for twirling—and daily life.


She's lapping the street style competition in looks we all can shop.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


It also comes from an insider-favorite Adidas collaborator.


I can't resist following their lead.


From her closet to our carts.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.