The new year is still young, but the calendar is already full of music festivals showcasing artists of all genres — and drawing in the biggest celebs.
Festival season is usually characterized by surprise collaborations, major fashion moments and controversy, and 2024 will likely be no different. From Boston to L.A., dozens of different events will bring in major talent to please every type of music fan. From the hip-hop-centric Rolling Loud to the country-focused Stagecoach, there’s no shortage of options for attendees.
Coachella, the star-studded party in the California desert, is one of the biggest music festivals in the United States and always yields memorable moments. Swifties may remember Taylor Swift’s “Bleachella” transformation in 2016, when the singer unveiled platinum blonde locks to support then-boyfriend Calvin Harris at the festival.
Several years later, Harry Styles surprised screaming fans by duetting with Shania Twain and Lizzo during his 2022 headlining sets. Frank Ocean, meanwhile, made headlines at last year’s festival when he dropped out of weekend two after his first performance was plagued with production issues.
Coachella is far from the only game in town, though, as artists including Hozier, Morgan Wallen, Post Malone, Noah Kahan, Lana Del Rey, Zach Bryan, Ed Sheeran, Reneé Rapp, Megan Thee Stallion, Stevie Nicks and many more will be making the rounds at festivals nationwide this year.
Read on for a complete, chronological guide to each major festival hitting the U.S. in 2024:

When: February 23-24
Where: Tempe, Arizona
Headliners: Red Hot Chili Peppers, Hozier, Jimmy Eat World, Macklemore, Third Eye Blind
Acts to Watch:
Greta Van Fleet: The Grammy-winning prog rock band has played at some of the biggest arenas in the U.S. to promote their third album, Starcatcher, and they’re generating buzz for their raw, Led Zeppelin–esque sound.
Phantogram: Why does their 2014 track “Black Out Days” sound so familiar? Because a remix of the musical duo’s song was all over TikTok last year. Phantogram has been releasing music since 2007 and currently boasts over 5 million monthly listeners on Spotify.
Why It’s Special: Innings Festival takes place during MLB Spring Training in Arizona and allows “passionate baseball fans to come together and practice some of their own skills among the greats.” In addition to the music lineup, baseball icons including Ryan Dempster, Matt Kemp and Luis Gonzalez will make appearances at the event.
When: March 1-2
Where: Tempe, Arizona
Headliners: Chris Stapleton, Dave Matthews Band, Noah Kahan, Sheryl Crow, Morgan Wade
Acts to Watch:
Elle King: You may recognize her 2015 hit “Ex’s & Oh’s” or her 2023 duet with Miranda Lambert, “Drunk (And I Don’t Wanna Go Home).” The daughter of comedian Rob Schneider, King seamlessly blends genres with her gravelly, bluesy vocals and country-pop sensibility.
Larkin Poe: Sisters Rebecca and Megan Lovell make up the American roots rock duo Larkin Poe. Their album Blood Harmony is up for Best Contemporary Blues Album at the upcoming 66th Grammy Awards.
Why It’s Special: As the second weekend of the Spring Training–based Innings festival, Extra Innings will also feature a slate of MLB legends including Adrián González, Ryan Braun, Tim Raines and Bobby Valentine.
When: March 15-17
Where: Inglewood, California
Headliners: Nicki Minaj, Post Malone, Future x Metro Boomin, Big Sean
Acts to Watch:
Partynextdoor: The first artist signed to Drake’s record label OVO Sound, Canadian musician Partynextdoor is known for his producing work with Rihanna, DJ Khaled, Kanye West, Usher and more.
Summer Walker: Her second album, Still Over It, debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and broke the record for most single-day album streams by a female artist on Apple Music. The R&B singer-songwriter’s recent release Clear 2: Soft Life EP is up for Best R&B Album at the upcoming 66th Grammy Awards.
Why It’s Special: The hip-hop and R&B festival is celebrating its 10th anniversary this year, bringing the biggest names in the industry together in the City of Angels.
When: March 22-24
Where: Miami, Florida
Headliners: Calvin Harris, David Guetta, Martin Garrix, Steve Aoki, Tiësto
Acts to Watch:
Afrojack: A frequent collaborator of David Guetta, the Dutch DJ has found success with features on hit songs “Give Me Everything” with Ne-Yo and Nayer, “Run the World (Girls)” with Beyoncé and “Hey Mama” with Guetta, Nicki Minaj and Bebe Rexha.
Gryffin: Boasting over 6 million monthly listeners on Spotify, Gryffin first made waves with his remixes of songs by Tove Lo and Maroon 5. As a classically trained pianist and guitar player, the musician creates unique dance pop that combines both organic and electronic sound.
Why It’s Special: As one of the preeminent EDM events in the nation, Ultra Music Festival offers electronic music fans a jam-packed lineup of performers against a backdrop of ocean views.
When: April 6-7
Where: Raleigh, North Carolina
Headliners: SZA, Chris Brown, J. Cole, Nicki Minaj, J.I.D, Lil Yachty, Schoolboy Q, Monica
Acts to Watch:
Rae Sremmurd: The hip-hop duo of brothers Swae Lee and Slim Jxmmi rose to prominence with 2014 hits “No Flex Zone” and “Throw Sum Mo.” Their 2016 single “Black Beatles” went viral as the soundtrack to the #MannequinChallenge trend. Most recently, the brothers released their 2023 album Stremm 4 Life.
EarthGang: Comprised of musicians Olu and WowGr8, the hip-hop duo EarthGang formed in 2008. The pair cofounded the Atlanta musical collective Spillage Village, which also includes J.I.D and 6lack. After signing to J. Cole’s Dreamville Records, EarthGang released a trilogy of EPs from 2017 to 2019. The duo has collaborated with Young Thug, Louis The Child and more major artists, and they have over 3 million monthly listeners on Spotify.
Why It’s Special: With a lineup curated by North Carolina native and hip-hop superstar J. Cole, Dreamville Festival brings together some of the biggest acts in hip-hop for a celebration in the heart of North Carolina. Dreamville is proudly Black-owned and aims to cultivate community, diversity and inclusivity, featuring show-stopping performances and a slate of local businesses and artisans.
When: April 12-14 and April 19-21
Where: Indio, California
Headliners: Lana Del Rey, Tyler, the Creator, Doja Cat, No Doubt, J Balvin, Peso Pluma, Blur
Acts to Watch:
Reneé Rapp: The former Broadway star released her debut EP, Everything to Everyone, in 2022, which she quickly followed with her 2023 album, Snow Angel. After generating buzz for her performance as Regina in the Tony Award-nominated Mean Girls musical (a role she reprised in the 2024 movie adaptation), Rapp’s candid social media presence, vulnerable lyrics and versatile sound helped her rise to the top of the charts.
Faye Webster: While Webster has been releasing music for over a decade, the indie artist is still catching listeners — including President Barack Obama, who included her song “Better Distractions” on his list of favorites of 2020 — by surprise. Webster has garnered over 7 million monthly listeners on Spotify and is also a photographer whose work has been published in Billboard and Rolling Stone.
Why It’s Special: As one of the largest music festivals in the world, Coachella attracts a wide range of celebrities and influencers, often yielding memorable pop culture moments and fashion looks. The festival also has a tradition of showcasing visual art, including interactive sculptures.
When: April 23, June 1, July 6, August 17, August 24, September 27
Where: Bentonville, Arkansas
Headliners: Jon Batiste, John Legend, Portugal. The Man, Slash
Acts to Watch:
Deadmau5: Known for performing with his signature gold mouse mask, the Grammy-nominated DJ has been releasing cutting-edge electronic music for more than two decades. He is no stranger to the festival scene, having performed at Coachella last year, and his most recent release is a collaborative album with another Live on the Green performer: Kaskade.
Kaskade: With more than 1 million Instagram followers and monthly Spotify listens in the multi-millions, Kaskade has built a dedicated fan base since his debut album, It’s You, It’s Me, was released in 2003. The house music performer also became the first DJ to perform throughout a Super Bowl during 2024’s Super Bowl LVIII in Las Vegas.
Why It’s Special: Live on the Green is held at the Momentary, an incredibly unique venue that was transformed from a 63k square-foot cheese factory to a sprawling indoor-outdoor performance space. Along with an exciting line-up of iconic artists, concertgoers can expect stunning views and culinary creations from the Momentary’s food truck.
When: April 26-28
Where: Indio, California
Headliners: Eric Church, Miranda Lambert, Morgan Wallen, Jelly Roll, Post Malone, Leon Bridges, Bailey Zimmerman, The Beach Boys, Willie Nelson, Nickelback, Diplo, Wiz Khalifa
Acts to Watch:
Megan Maroney: Maroney’s 2022 single “Tennessee Orange” charted on the Billboard Hot 100 and earned her the Female Breakthrough Video of the Year trophy at the CMT Music Awards.
The War and Treaty: The husband-and-wife duo are up for two awards at this year’s Grammys and made history as the first Black duo to be nominated for Duo of the Year at the CMAs. “Somebody somewhere said, ‘Hey, you know what? War and Treaty did something this year deserving of a certain kind of recognition,’” vocalist Michael Trotter Jr. told Us Weekly exclusively last year. “To be nominated alongside Jelly Roll, I will say that that’s just another testimony in itself.”
Why It’s Special: Branded as “California’s Country Music Festival,” Stagecoach brings Southern sounds to the desert. The festival also offers attractions including the Compton Cowboys horseback riders, Guy Fieri’s Stagecoach Smokehouse and a HonkyTonk Dance Hall curated by Diplo.
When: May 3-5
Where: Atlanta, Georgia
Headliners: Noah Kahan, Weezer, Queens of the Stone Age, Arcade Fire, Young the Giant, Billy Idol, The Offspring
Acts to Watch:
Girl in Red: The Norwegian singer-songwriter tackles heartbreak and mental health in her indie pop songs. Her passionate fan base includes Taylor Swift, who asked Girl in Red to join her as an opener on her record-breaking Eras Tour in 2023.
Del Water Gap: A staple of the festival circuit in recent years, indie pop musician Del Water Gap garnered attention for his 2020 single “Ode to a Conversation Stuck in Your Throat.” A frequent collaborator of Maggie Rogers, Del Water Gap also contributed to her 2022 album, Surrender.
Why It’s Special: With a name inspired by lyrics from My Morning Jacket’s “Steam Engine,” Shaky Knees Festival was founded in 2013 to cater to fans of rock and indie music in Atlanta.
When: May 3-5
Where: Sacramento, California
Headliners: SZA, Snoh Aalegra, Kaytraminé (Kaytranada and Aminé), Partynextdoor, Ari Lennox, Omar Apollo, PinkPantheress, Masego, Jordan Ward, JoJo
Acts to Watch:
Leon Thomas: After getting his start on Broadway and Nickelodeon (notably playing André Harris on Victorious), Thomas has made waves in the music industry for his songwriting skills, even earning Grammy nominations for his work with SZA and Rick Ross. Thomas released his first solo album, Electric Dusk, in August 2023 and boasts over 1 million monthly listeners on Spotify.
Umi: With musical influences Frank Ocean, Jhené Aiko and SZA, Umi gained recognition on YouTube and SoundCloud for her laid-back R&B sound. She released her debut album, Forest in the City, in May 2022 and has supported ODIE and Conan Gray on their respective tours.
Why It’s Special: Advertised as the West Coast’s largest annual R&B music festival with an emphasis on positivity, inclusivity and diversity, Sol Blume brings critically acclaimed and up-and-coming R&B, soul and hip-hop acts to Sacramento for three days of performances and activities. Attendees can even take a skate on the festival’s roller rink in between sets.
When: May 4
Where: Las Vegas
Headliners: Janet Jackson, Alicia Keys, Mary J. Blige, Lil Wayne, Nas, Ludacris, Nelly, Snoop Dogg, Backstreet Boys, Usher, Ja Rule, Ashanti, Gwen Stefani, Nelly Furtado, Ciara, TLC, M.I.A.
Acts to Watch:
T-Pain: Known for popularizing the use of Auto-Tune in the early 2000s with hits like “Buy U a Drank,” T-Pain has ditched the pitch-correction effect in recent years, generating buzz for his natural singing talent. Last year, he released On Top of the Covers, which showcases his takes on tunes like Black Sabbath’s “War Pigs” and Sam Cooke’s “A Change Is Gonna Come.”
Brandy and Monica: Eagle-eyed R&B fans may have noticed that Brandy and Monica’s names are next to each other in the festival lineup. Speculation about a feud between the two singers has been a hot topic ever since they dropped “The Boy Is Mine” in 1998. Both Grammy winners addressed their beef in 2020, complimenting one another in an online rap battle, and fans are hoping they might perform together at Lovers & Friends.
Why It’s Special: With a lineup guaranteed to excite any millennial, Lovers & Friends Festival brings together some of the biggest acts from the early 2000s and today. This year, two major artists will each be revisiting one of their classic albums in their entirety: Lil Wayne will perform his 2008 album, Tha Carter III, and Usher will celebrate the 20th anniversary of 2004’s Confessions.
When: May 4
Where: Austin, Texas
Headliners: Jason Aldean, Jelly Roll, Old Dominion, Lady A, Riley Green
Acts to Watch:
Ashley McBryde: The Arkansas native took home the Grammy Award for Best Country Duo Performance in 2023 alongside Carly Pearce for their song “Never Wanted To Be That Girl.” McBryde, known for her blend of country, rock, pop and bluegrass, has released four studio albums in the past six years.
Brothers Osborne: The country duo consists of brothers T.J. and John Osborne, who have been producing hits for over a decade. The Grammy winners have released four studio albums. T.J. is the first openly gay artist signed to a major country music label and recounts his struggles with his sexuality in the duo’s song “Younger Me.”
Why It’s Special: Hosted by iHeartRadio, the largest radio broadcaster in the U.S., the iHeartCountry Festival brings country music’s biggest stars to UT Austin’s Moody Stadium, where more than 15,000 fans will come together to create an unmatched level of energy.
When: May 17-18
Where: Bentonville, Arkansas
Headliners: Molly Tuttle & Golden Highway, Trampled by Turtles, Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit, Valerie June
Acts to Watch:
Ruthie Foster: With a soulful sound often compared to the likes of Bonnie Raitt and Aretha Franklin, Foster has evolved her gospel-inspired music and earned dozens of Blues Music Awards and five Grammy Award nominations over the past 25 years.
Alison Brown: A Grammy-winning banjo player and bluegrass music producer, Brown has cultivated a diverse and impressive career as a solo artist and as part of collaborative groups such as Union Station.
Why It’s Special: Fresh Grass Festival brings together the best in bluegrass and progressive roots music — from icons to new music discoveries. In the heart of the Ozarks, the festival’s venue also offers free museum galleries, local food and drink, homegrown vendors and family-friendly activities.
When: May 17-19
Where: Gulf Shores, Alabama
Headliners: Zach Bryan, Lana Del Rey, Odesza, The Chainsmokers, Cage the Elephant, Dominic Fike, Reneé Rapp, Jessie Murph
Acts to Watch:
Chappell Roan: Fresh off the release of her debut album, The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, Roan has been generating buzz for her queer-positive pop. She has also joined Olivia Rodrigo and Fletcher as a supporting act on their respective tours.
Matt Maeson: You may recognize Maeson from his platinum singles “Cringe” and “Hallucinogenics,” the latter of which was remixed with Lana Del Rey in 2020. The Virginia native has topped the Billboard Alternative chart on multiple occasions and has over 3 million monthly Spotify listeners.
Why It’s Special: Held on the white sand beaches of Alabama, Hangout Festival offers a unique musical experience right on the coast. The festival offers a varied lineup of artists alongside a roller rink and beach volleyball courts. At the main stage, audiences can watch their favorite acts from a giant in-ground pool.
When: May 17-19
Where: Las Vegas, Nevada
Headliners: Tiësto, David Guetta, Diplo, John Summit, Fisher, Purple Disco Machine
Acts to Watch:
Peggy Gou: The South Korean DJ will be making her EDC debut this year. She has already garnered a major fan base with over 4 million followers on Instagram. The multifaceted musician studied fashion in London and worked at Harper’s Bazaar Korea before pursuing music full-time, and she recently collaborated with Lenny Kravitz on the single “I Believe in Love Again.”
Lilly Palmer: After moving to Switzerland, the German-born musician fell in love with house music and began developing her melodic techno sound. Today, with more than 800,000 monthly listeners on Spotify and over 1.5 million followers on Instagram, Palmer has built a dedicated fan base that follows her across the globe.
Why It’s Special: Held at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway, EDC is the largest EDM festival in North America. The festival boasts major interactive art structures, glow-in-the-dark and LED environments and carnival attractions to immerse fans in a neon world.
When: May 22-27
Where: Buena Vista Lake, California
Headliners: Skrillex, Labrinth, Lane 8, James Blake, M.I.A., Fatboy Slim
Acts to Watch:
Tycho: The Grammy-nominated musician will be performing a sunset set at the festival in line with his music, which incorporates ambient and environmental sounds to create a “multidimensional audiovisual live experience.”
Honey Dijon: Since her 2017 debut album, The Best of Both Worlds, DJ and Grammy-nominated electronic musician Honey Dijon has worked with major artists like Beyoncé and curated runway soundtracks for Louis Vuitton and Dior. Dijon is also an outspoken advocate for trans rights.
Why It’s Special: The Lightning in a Bottle Festival immerses festivalgoers in the environment with a boutique camping experience alongside musical acts, learning and cultural experiences, workshops, a marketplace featuring local artisans and large-scale, interactive art exhibitions. The festival self-advertises as “a place to learn and create, but also reconnect with one’s mischievous inner child, where surprises hide around every corner.”
When: May 24-26
Where: Boston, Massachusetts
Headliners: Ed Sheeran, Leon Bridges, Tyler Childers, The Killers, Hozier, Trey Antastasio & Classic Tab, Megan Thee Stallion, Reneé Rapp, Young the Giant
Acts to Watch:
Luke Hemmings: A founding member of 5 Seconds of Summer, Hemmings launched his solo career in 2021 with his debut album, When Facing the Things We Turn Away From.
The Revivalists: The eight-piece rock band has topped the Billboard Alternative chart with songs like “Wish I Knew You” and “All My Friends.” Their soulful alt-rock sound has earned them nearly 2 million monthly Spotify listeners.
Why It’s Special: Boston Calling prides itself on selecting up-and-coming music acts for a celebration in the heart of historic Boston.
When: May 24-26
Where: Napa, California
Headliners: Stevie Nicks, Megan Thee Stallion, Pearl Jam, Ed Sheeran, Queens of the Stone Age, Norah Jones, Dominic Fike, The Kid Laroi, Kali Uchis, St. Vincent, Nelly, Bebe Rexha
Acts to Watch:
Stephen Sanchez: After gaining international recognition for his hit song “Until I Found You,” Sanchez released his 2023 debut, Angel Face, a concept album set in the 1950s. The musician has a strong social media presence and channels Elvis Presley with his soulful vocals.
Holly Humberstone: With a musical style influenced by Lorde, Bon Iver, Phoebe Bridgers and Haim, English singer-songwriter Humberstone made her festival debut at Glastonbury in 2019 and has since been steadily gaining international recognition. Humberstone has also supported Girl in Red and Olivia Rodrigo on their respective North American tours.
Why It’s Special: Advertised as “the first taste of summer,” Bottlerock provides a strong lineup of artists alongside a selection of the famous wines of Napa Valley, meaning attendees can enjoy local spirits while catching their favorite acts.
When: May 31, June 2
Where: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Headliners: Keke Palmer, Natasha Bedingfield, G Flip, Chappell Roan, Jess Glynne
Acts to Watch:
Jessica Wild: A Puerto Rican drag queen and makeup artist, Wild is known for her appearances on RuPaul’s Drag Race and Drag Race All Stars. Her dance music and eccentric performances have earned Wild more than 250,000 Instagram followers, and the reality star is known to put on a high-energy show.
Slayyyter: Taking inspiration from ’90s pop and ’80s fashion, Slayyyter’s self-titled mixtape and her two studio albums, Troubled Paradise and Starf–ker, have garnered the Missouri native a passionate fan base. She has collaborated with Big Freedia and joined Tove Lo on her 2022 North American tour.
Why It’s Special: As “Pittsburgh’s biggest LGBTQ+ festival,” Pride on the Shore showcases queer talent in the Steel City and provides an inclusive and welcoming experience for diverse audiences.
When: June 1-2
Where: Lexington, Kentucky
Headliners: Noah Kahan, Turnpike Troubadours, Chris Stapleton, Hozier, Counting Crows, Wynonna Judd, Lord Huron, Dwight Yoakam, Elle King, Marcus King
Acts to Watch:
Flatland Cavalry: Since their first EP in 2015, Flatland Cavalry has made waves in the country and folk music worlds. The Americana band pays tribute to their West Texas roots with their gritty, earthy sound.
Johnnyswim: Musical collaborators and husband and wife Amanda Sudano and Abner Ramirez make up the Nashville-based duo Johnnyswim. The singer-songwriters have been releasing music since 2008 and recently gained recognition for their show on the Magnolia Network, which follows their family and band on tour.
Why It’s Special: Named after “a horse racing enthusiast known for sticking close to the action, hanging on the rail as each contender comes barreling down the track,” Railbird Festival promises to keep country and folk fans on the edge of their seats. In addition to music, the festival offers curated Kentucky bourbon experiences to honor the state’s distilleries.
When: June 7-9
Where: New York, New York
Headliners: Post Malone, Rauw Alejandro, The Killers, 21 Savage, SZA, Peso Pluma
Acts to Watch:
Sabrina Carpenter: While she got her start on the Disney Channel, Carpenter embraced a more mature pop sound with her 2022 album, Emails I Can’t Send. The singer joined Taylor Swift as an opener for her record-breaking Eras Tour, and her song “Nonsense” spent 19 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 Chart.
Labrinth: The English singer-songwriter has collaborated with some of the biggest names in the music industry, including Beyoncé, Rihanna, Nicki Minaj, Eminem, Kanye West, The Weeknd and Noah Cyrus. Aside from his solo work, Labrinth is one-third of the supergroup LSD alongside Sia and Diplo, and the musician won an Emmy for his composition work on the HBO show Euphoria.
Why It’s Special: Along with some of the biggest names in music, Gov Ball attendees can enjoy a taste of NYC with pop-ups and food trucks serving fare from some of the city’s popular restaurants. Advertised as “New York’s biggest party,” the festival is held in Queens’ Flushing Meadows Corona Park.
When: June 13-16
Where: Manchester, Tennessee
Headliners: Post Malone, Maggie Rogers, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Fred Again, Cage the Elephant, Megan Thee Stallion, Melanie Martinez, Fisher, Carly Rae Jepsen
Acts to Watch:
Lizzy McAlpine: While McAlpine’s debut EP was released in 2018, her song “Ceilings” went viral on TikTok in 2023 and gave the singer-songwriter international recognition. The folk-pop singer has collaborated with Niall Horan, Noah Kahan, John Mayer and Finneas.
Ethel Cain: After releasing her debut album, Preacher’s Daughter, in 2022, Cain received widespread acclaim and garnered a cult following online. She draws inspiration from Christian and Gregorian music, incorporating gothic and Americana themes in her genre-bending songs.
Why It’s Special: As one of the longest-running American music festivals, Bonnaroo has revolutionized the modern summer rock festival experience since its inception in 2002. The festival offers a diverse lineup of over 150 acts with 24/7 music and activities.
When: June 20-23
Where: Rothbury, Michigan
Headliners: Nelly Furtado, Pretty Lights, Ludacris, Subtronics, Excision, Everything Always
Acts to Watch:
The String Cheese Incident: The bluegrass jam band is a staple at music festivals — especially Electric Forest, where they have played nine shows over the years. Their genre-blending music incorporates improvisation and psychedelic visuals to create a unique experience for listeners.
Pretty Lights: The electronic music producer returned to the stage in 2023 after a five-year hiatus. Colorful laser lights create an immersive experience for audiences during his shows, and the producer’s newly reinvented sound aims to “facilitate improvisational and expressive performances between himself and other artists across musical and visual mediums.”
Why It’s Special: With a focus on electronic music and jam bands, the Electric Forest festival brings various music acts together in a unique “interactive wonderland.” Festivalgoers are immersed in the music alongside one-of-a-kind art installations, workshops and a neon luminara in the actual forest.
When: July 25-28
Where: Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Headliners: Red Hot Chili Peppers, Jelly Roll, Hardy, The Offspring, Warren Zeiders, Cypress Hill
Acts to Watch:
Otoboke Beaver: Described by Foo Fighters’ Dave Grohl as “the most f–king intense s–t you’ve ever seen,” the Japanese punk band has generated buzz for their fast-paced and aggressive feminist tracks. Otoboke Beaver is named after a love hotel in Osaka, and their music often explores Japanese gender roles and love and relationships.
Destroy Boys: The Sacramento-based punk band tackles “visceral tales of scene bullies, elitist cliques, betrayal and unrequited love” in their music and went viral on TikTok with their song “I Threw Glass at My Friend’s Eyes and Now I’m on Probation.”
Why It’s Special: Celebrating music and moto culture in Harley-Davidson’s hometown of Milwaukee, the Harley-Davidson Homecoming Festival features major rock and country acts and provides opportunities for attendees to learn more about the brand’s 121-year history by touring the museum and factory.
When: July 26-28
Where: Newport, Rhode Island
Headliners: While the lineup for 2024’s festival has yet to be announced, last year’s artist roster included Lana Del Rey, Jon Batiste, Maggie Rogers, James Taylor, My Morning Jacket, John Oates and Guthrie Trapp and Remi Wolf.
Why It’s Special: The Newport Folk Festival, founded in 1959, was one of the first modern music festivals in America. With a folk music focus, the festival has a rich history of providing a platform to artists and activists involved in the civil rights movement and other social causes. The festival is also known for surprising fans with unannounced guests, including Mumford & Sons in 2018, Dolly Parton in 2019 and Paul Simon and Joni Mitchell in 2022.
When: July 27-28
Where: Portland, Oregon
Headliners: Billy Idol, Big Thief, T-Pain, Denzel Curry, Manchester Orchestra, Violent Femmes, Gossip
Acts to Watch:
Soccer Mommy: Under the stage name Soccer Mommy, Sophie Allison sings imaginative and sophisticated lyrics in her guitar-heavy indie rock tracks. With nearly 1 million monthly listeners on Spotify, Allison combines elements of early 2000s pop with rock across her three studio albums.
Kenny Mason: With a distinct sound that fuses grunge with hip-hop, the Atlanta rapper is not afraid to experiment and be adventurous with genre in his dynamic music. Mason has released two studio albums and has collaborated with musicians like Denzel Curry and Freddie Gibbs.
Why It’s Special: Celebrating live music, beer and the culture of the Pacific Northwest, Project Pabst Festival offers performances by today’s top music acts in addition to art installation showcases, unique vendors and local food options. The festival is curated specifically for Pabst Blue Ribbon fans, bringing together beer, art, food and music lovers in one major celebration.
When: August 1-4
Where: Chicago, Illinois
Headliners: SZA, Tyler, the Creator, Blink-182, The Killers, Future x Metro Boomin, Hozier, Stray Kids, Melanie Martinez, Skrillex
Acts to Watch:
Victoria Monét: While she has been writing hits for the likes of Ariana Grande, Travis Scott and Fifth Harmony for years, Monét is fresh off the release of her highly successful debut album. Jaguar II, which she dropped in 2023, earned the singer three Grammy Awards this year, including Best R&B Album and Best New Artist.
Briston Maroney: His certified gold song “Freakin’ Out on the Interstate” earned Maroney attention from the music industry, and the Tennessee native has since released two studio albums, Sunflower and Ultrapure. With influences like Bob Dylan and Neil Young, Maroney has a unique, folk-rock sound for a new generation.
Why It’s Special: The Chicago festival was created in 1991 by Perry Farrell of Jane’s Addiction, and it remains one of the largest and longest-running festivals in North America. With nine stages and over 170 acts, Lollapalooza offers nonstop music in downtown Chicago with views of Lake Michigan.
When: August 1-4
Where: Happy Valley, Oregon
Headliners: Courtney Barnett, Bonnie Prince Billy, CocoRosie, Bella White, Geese, Durand Jones, Chance Peña, Elephant Revival
Acts to Watch:
Vincent Neil Emerson: The Choctaw-Apache singer-songwriter infuses his Indigenous heritage, passion for social issues and love of Texan country music into his work, which includes three studio albums released in the last four years. Emerson’s music may be familiar to fans of Reservation Dogs and Yellowstone, as several of his songs have been featured in these shows.
Jess Williamson: Grounded in nature and reckoning with loss and personal identity, Willliamson’s indie folk music has struck a chord with listeners worldwide. The Texas native has released six studio albums, the latest of which, 2023’s Time Ain’t Accidental, garnered critical acclaim from Pitchfork, Slate and more.
Why It’s Special: A self-proclaimed “immersive choose-your-own-adventure” experience, Pickathon Music Festival draws crowds to Oregon’s Pendarvis Farm for wellness activities, comedy, visual art, literature, artisanal food and spirits and, of course, music. The festival is also proudly zero-waste and champions sustainability.
When: August 3
Where: San Diego, California
Headliners: Thee Sacred Souls and Trampled by Turtles
Acts to Watch:
Trampled by Turtles: The act previously played a 40,000 sold-out show in San Diego with Zach Bryan in 2023. The group, which plays bluegrass, folk and rock, has three albums that have reached the No. 1 spot on the U.S. Billboard bluegrass charts.
Funk and R&B band The Dip as well as indie/alternative rock band Creature Canyon round out the lineup for Outriders Presents California event.
Why It’s Special: The one-day festival will combine San Diego’s laid-back beach style with an eclectic lineup filled with psychedelic, indie, country sounds, taking music lovers back to the Summer of Love. Plus, the venue is the city’s iconic Waterfront Park on Pacific Coast Highway, which screams summertime.
When: August 9-11
Where: San Francisco, California
Headliners: While the lineup has yet to be announced, last year’s headlining acts included Kendrick Lamar, Foo Fighters, Odesza, Lana Del Rey, The 1975, Megan Thee Stallion and Janelle Monáe.
Why It’s Special: The three-day festival celebrates “music, food, wine, beer, art, cannabis and everything we love about the Bay Area.” Named for San Francisco’s western neighborhoods, the multi-genre festival features a wide array of art installations and areas dedicated to cannabis, activism and sustainability.
When: September 14-15
Where: Asbury Park, New Jersey
Headliners: Noah Kahan, Bruce Springsteen, The Black Crowes, 311, Norah Jones, The Revivalists, The Gaslight Anthem, Trey Anastasio Band
Acts to Watch:
The Aces: Since the release of their debut album in 2018, The Aces have been generating buzz for their fresh rock/pop sound, and they have toured with bands like Joywave, Coin and 5 Seconds of Summer. The four childhood friends hail from Utah and cite Weezer, The Cranberries and LCD Soundsystem as musical influences.
Joy Oladokun: Inspired by country, R&B, rock and folk music she listened to as a child, Oladokun has developed a genre-bending sound that attracts fans from all demographics. Oladokun earned a GLAAD Media Award in 2022 for Outstanding Breakthrough Artist, and her 2023 album, Proof of Life, featured collaborations with major artists like Noah Kahan and Chris Stapleton.
Why It’s Special: In addition to two action-packed days of music — including stages in the sand on the Asbury Park Waterfront — Sea.Hear.Now Festival attendees can look forward to an exciting surfing contest that brings together “East Coast surf legends and emerging pros, both male and female.”
When: September 19-22
Where: Louisville, Kentucky
Headliners: Zach Bryan, Dave Matthews Band, Tyler Childers, Neil Young, Beck, Matchbox Twenty, The National, The Beach Boys, Mt. Joy, Maren Morris
Acts to Watch:
Madi Diaz: Described as “Nashville’s secret weapon” by Rolling Stone, Diaz opened for Harry Styles’ Love on Tour in 2022 and even joined Styles’ band for the remainder of the tour in 2023. While the singer-songwriter has been putting out music since 2007, her recent releases have garnered tons of buzz and acclaim.
Cimafunk: Known for blending funk and hip-hop in his Afro-Caribbean–inspired music, the Cuba native has racked up two Grammy nominations in the last two years. Aside from the Recording Academy, both Rolling Stone and NPR acknowledged his 2021 album, El Alimento, as one of the best releases of the year.
Why It’s Special: In addition to highlighting the biggest country and folk acts of today, Bourbon & Beyond gives attendees the opportunity to sample Kentucky’s finest bourbon in a curated bar experience, discovering the heritage and tradition of the spirit.
When: September 28-29
Where: Columbia, Maryland and New York City
Headliners: Chappell Roan, Reneé Rapp, Muna, Bleachers, Janelle Monáe, Julien Baker, Ethel Cain
Acts to Watch:
Muna: The indie-pop trio consisting of Katie Gavin, Josette Maskin and Naomi McPherson is no stranger to big crowds, having joined Taylor Swift on her Eras Tour in 2023. Their 2021 ode to queer love, “Silk Chiffon” featuring Phoebe Bridgers, has garnered over 64 million streams on Spotify.
Why It’s Special: Founded in 2014, All Things Go Festival is known for its women-focused and LGBTQIA+-friendly vibe and advocacy. Held outside of Washington, D.C., the festival brings some of the biggest stars of today to the East Coast. For the first time, this year will also see the festival travel to New York City.
When: October 4-6 and 11-13
Where: Austin, Texas
Headliners: While the lineup has not yet been announced, the 2023 festival featured Mumford & Sons, Shania Twain, Alanis Morissette, Maggie Rogers, The Lumineers, Kendrick Lamar, Major Lazer, Foo Fighters, The 1975, Hozier and Labrinth.
Why It’s Special: With eight different stages, Austin City Limits gathers musicians across rock, hip-hop, country, electronic and indie genres. The festival is based on the television series of the same name and aims to foster musical and cultural diversity.
When: October 19-20
Where: Las Vegas, Nevada
Headliners: My Chemical Romance, Fall Out Boy, Jimmy Eat World, Simple Plan, Pierce the Veil
Acts to Watch:
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Check our latest news in Google News
Check our latest news in Apple News
The All-American Rejects: Major hits like “Gives You Hell,” “Dirty Little Secret” and “Move Along” gave the All-American Rejects worldwide recognition in the early aughts. While the band has not released a studio album in over a decade, they have continued to tour and have sold over 10 million albums worldwide.
Cobra Starship: The dance rock band announced their breakup in 2015, but they released a new song in 2021 and plan to make a rare reunion performance at the festival. Their hits “Good Girls Go Bad” and “You Make Me Feel …” dominated the airwaves in the early 2000s.
Why It’s Special: The festival designed for early 2000s nostalgia launched in Las Vegas in 2022 with a punk-dominated lineup. The event’s musical acts, most of which hit their prime in the early aughts, play their most iconic music for nostalgic audiences.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly is part of Part of the a360media Entertainment Group. © a360media 2025Powered by WordPress VIP
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: