Maris Jones has pinpointing an aesthetic down to a science. No, seriously. She explains as much in her new book, “Unlock Your Aesthetic.” For the uninitiated, Maris Jones is an artist, all-around creative, (and now) author. Rising to fame on Vine way back in 2015, her nostalgic and wistful installations have garnered a lot of praise over the last decade, working with the likes of Vogue, Nylon, and musician Chappell Roan to name a few. Although finding an audience online wasn’t the goal, it was a reconfirmation of what she already knew: creating is the end all be all for her. 
But, as luck (and talent) would have it, she found her niche, her audience, her work resonating and finding its voice, cutting through the internet noise. Jones’s work is so unique and unapologetic, that it makes you yearn to create something of your own, to take a risk, to think outside the box and see what sticks. As adults, it can be so hard to remember to make art and embrace the finer things in life, but Jones makes a point of emphasizing how important making art is, how good it can be, and the benefits of having it in our lives.
Unlocking Your Aesthetic aims to help the reader find their panache, their way of owning who they are. As we talk over Zoom, it’s clear that Jones is a big believer in embracing ‘happy accidents’ in taking what you’re given and making the most of it. Because, who knows, you just might find a passion or two along the way.
In conversation with Schön! Magazine, Jones discusses her love of creating, “Unlocking Your Aesthetic,” what it meant to her to work with Chappell Roan, how art is formative, making the most of a ‘happy accident,’ and so much more.
Take me back to when you first fell in love with filmmaking. What movies and shows inspired you on this path? 
There’s a very specific first memory I have. My dad showed me this film called Clash of the Titans. It was the original one from the 80s. I think I was about five or six, and the effects in the film were just so incredible to me. The animator was named Ray Harryhausen. He did all the films from the 50s, 60s, 70s, and 80s, about stop motion effects. I was blown away by how it looked on screen. I wanted to know how to do it. You know, we used to do it all the time as kids. You take a single frame of a photo, and you can move objects to make it look like it moves. After that, all I could do with my toys was carry the home video camera around and create. I knew from that day on I was never not going to be creating. That movie was substantial to me for that reason.
You have finding your aesthetic down to a science in this book. When did you start compiling all of these ideas? When did you decide you wanted to write it and put it all in one place? 
I was approached to write this book. I didn’t think too much about my process before. But when I was presented with the idea to come up with something to write, I thought, “I can do this, it’s like the back of my hand.” Suddenly, I started to realize that there was a system I had been using that I wasn’t even aware of. When I started to put it down on paper, it was an incredible realization. I probably knew there was one subconsciously, which is why I knew could write this book. I was a little surprised at how much came out of me. Once it was coming out, I thought this could be very helpful to a lot of people. Because we talk about having dates with their inner child, and how to journal and do all this stuff, but it never specifically gives you insight into how to go back to those moments or reach your inner child.
You said in the book that ‘letting go’ is key to making art. Why do you think adults have such a hard time doing it? 
I’ll just say this first off, as I get older, I’m not necessarily practicing what I preach, because, as we get older, our brains are more developed, and we have more receptors in our head. We’re more perceptive. I think we’re just way more aware of context and where things fit in. It makes us not able to ‘let go’ of things. When you’re a child, you see these things that you love, and you just decide you like a thing. As adults, we have these set things that we’re taught over the years. We have to remember to undo the things we’re aware of now as grown-ups. It’s very complicated, especially with social media. You’re just inundated by social media, everywhere. Social media feeds into that perfectionism, we get caught in our own trap.
I absolutely agree. We get caught in the trap of comparison. One of my favourite parts of the book was right at the beginning of chapter one, where you created your own aesthetics list. I loved the idea so much; I started my own aesthetics list. Has your list changed at all, as you’ve grown? Has anything been added? 
The very formative years make up something that’s your core system. So, I think that whatever I would add to the list now would fall into the same categories. Maybe as I get older, there’s more there that I might add, certain moments that made me feel a certain way that I haven’t experienced before. You have different experiences throughout your life. But I mean, I’m inspired by everything all the time. With social media, you see all these wonderfully talented people at all times. You’re consistently always inspired by everyone. Social media is a double-edged sword.
Speaking of talented people, you’ve worked with Nylon, Vogue, and Rolling Stone. But most recently, you worked with Chappell Roan, creating pieces for her at the Governor’s Ball and her late-night appearance on Jimmy Fallon. Were you given complete creative control? Were you allowed to go ham? Or was there a collaboration happening? 
I would say it was a wonderful experience. She gave me a theme and let me run with it. It was super fun. Super amazing person, a super incredible team. 
What was the inspiration behind the apple at the Governor’s Ball and the swan for Jimmy Fallon? The swan set in particular was gorgeous. 
Oh, my inspiration was Barbie Swan Lake [laughter]. That is my childhood projecting there. I honestly can’t believe this is job. I was thinking Swan Lake, a classic ballet, and then Barbie Swan Lake, in which you’ll see certain elements peppered throughout it. 
How long does it take you to complete the finished project from conceptualization? 
It depends. It completely depends. What I like to do is sit with a concept it’ll be a theme or a trope of some kind, then I will do a lot of walking and listening to music, and I start to unpack it. The idea will take a week to fully ruminate. But after that, the videos or photos or whatever I’m working on can take from a day to three weeks. 
That’s incredible. When did you sort of realize that your art was starting to garner attention and a following? What was that like for you?
It’s funny because I started on Vine, which feels like a long time ago now [laughs]. You know, I was me. I was making art. I would say the first couple weeks of me creating a Vine, I went viral. I say this in the book, I think is a very helpful reassurance to keep creating. So I do. But I would have continued anyway with or without an audience. But I think it immediately made me realize that no matter what, I think there’s a way for me to keep creating and keep developing myself. If I double down, and if I care enough about it, you know, things will start to happen. 
Do you still pinch yourself? 
Yeah. Oh my god. Every time I’m doing anything, I can’t believe that I get to create all the time. But gaining a following, it was such a natural, slow, progression. That wasn’t the goal. It was just to create and hope that people enjoy what I’m doing. I was happy when it was a couple of 1000 people just joining in. I try not to focus on that aspect of it too much. I just create to create. Because if you start to focus on numbers and likes, it gets lost in translation, and I get tripped up. It feeds into my anxiety.
A constant theme that kept appearing throughout the book was the topic of ‘happy accidents.’ How do you embrace those? And what advice would you give to someone who struggles with perfectionism? 
If you create something, and it doesn’t look exactly the way you wanted it to look, it can sometimes be a really cool and great thing because you weren’t even going to come up with that to begin with. It doesn’t look like the thing you were trying to do. That’s actually how you end up with a new idea, which can then also spark other ideas off that ‘accident’ you created. So, in that way, it’s happy accidents are one of the most important building blocks to self-discovering yourself. I would say for people who are stuck wanting perfect outcomes, remember, how you feel when you look at things. Are you focusing on all of those little moments the other person might think are imperfect? Probably not. We focus so much on ourselves, it’s hard to realize that other people are also doing the same. If you’re getting your point across and executing the concept, the messaging behind what you’re trying to create will follow.
How would you say being an artist has shaped your worldview?
I feel like I’ve been this way forever [laughter]. My parents are both creatives, so I feel like I’ve been very fortunate to have a situation where I’ve always been able to think of the world in a whimsical, abstract, open way. If anything, it’s made me double down on the fact that we need to support artists, we need to fund, we need to fund creative programming. I believe that we’re all creative from inception and that it’s just other things in our lives that help us nurture that creativity. But I think we all naturally want to do some form of creation. That’s why we need the funding because people need to create.
I agree. More music programs, art programs, etc.
Those are always the first things to go and it’s heartbreaking, because yes, we do need English, math, and all of those things. But art is so fundamental as well. We need it. Whether we realize it or not, it helps our mental health so much just to have creativity in our lives. With AI not being regulated, that also puts creatives online at risk. I think AI can be good if it’s just regulated. As an artist, that’s where my head is mostly thinking.
When you look at how far you’ve come as an artist, at the growth from making those stop-motion films as a kid to where you are now, what advice would you give young Maris?
I would tell my younger self to not get too stressed about where you are, or what you’re trying to accomplish at any point in time. Time is short, but also very long. There’s a lot of time to reinvent yourself and do different things. It’s not a race. You can be whoever you want to be at any point in your life, just cancel out all the noise. Because at the end of the day, what trips us all up, I really do believe, is all the voices. We’re all comparing ourselves to each other.
That’s very sage advice.
I would tell myself, take a deep breath. You are creating. It isn’t silly. It’s who you are. 
Pivoting away from art a little bit. When you’re not creating masterpieces or writing books. How do you unwind? What does a day off for you look like? Do you have days off? 
I don’t have any days off right now. But when I do have free time, I love open-world video games. I feel that’s my other way to make a movie. I can control the plot, you know, so I love video games. I play them all the time. That’s how I turn off my brain, I guess. Walking and listening to music is one of my favourite things to do. I’m a simple person. One of my problems is that my hobby is also what I do for work. I feel very fortunate, but I do run into that problem where I have a hard time figuring out what to do in other areas. 
When you go to an art gallery yourself, what are the pieces you find yourself most drawn to?
I’m always drawn to work that is very vibrant in colour. Bold, sometimes sculptural. I like organic finishes, a lot of stuff with a texture that I feel like somebody hobbled it together with their hands almost. I love bold lines. If there’s a painting, I find that I like it when there are very strong lines, or even black outlines half the time, even if it’s a portrait. 
Do you find inspiration there as well?
I draw inspiration from so many different little elements. Speaking of bold lines – I love Alice Neel, a portrait artist. She’s amazing. I love her portrait work. She’s got these beautiful, bold lines. I love Spike Lee’s films. I think he does such a great job with his colour, and just the subject matter in the way he shapes the subjects with all this vibrant colour. It’s incredible. Two examples of things that play into my work.
Lastly, what’s next for you? What’s something you’d like to manifest for yourself going forward? Is there a goal that you have for this year? 
I would love to take more photos and have them on covers and magazines. I would love to have a photo on a billboard somewhere. That’s my next goal. 
Maris Jones’ book Unlock Your Aesthetic is out now.
photography. Maris Jones
interview. Dana Reboe
crochet dress. Roberta Einer
ring. Nada Ghazal
opposite
top. Hildur Yeoman
ring. Missoma
Everyone, at some point, craves a sense of escapism in their lives. For many, that’s changing hairstyles, buying a jacket in that colour you swore you’d never wear, or trying a new hobby. Unfortunately, our realities are slightly more mundane – taking the same route on the way home, becoming regulars at the same coffee shops, ritualistic and comfortable.
Emily Barber, however, consistently prods the boundaries of reality, shapeshifting through different personas, periods and realities in both television and theatre. Rather than a split-second decision, Emily’s been riding the wave of acting from a young age, often leading to characters far removed from herself. In the West End, Emily’s been critically acclaimed for her performances in ‘Shakespeare’, ‘Oscar Wilde’ and more recently, ‘Operation Mincemeat’.
And now, playing Alice in Guy Ritchie’s new series, ‘MobLand‘, centring around a war between two powerful families, the Harrigan’s and the Stevenson’s, Alice takes a more dynamic role, getting caught in the crossfire as she integrates into the world of London gangsters.
In conversation with Schön!, Emily Barber takes us behind the scenes of ‘MobLand’, her time in theatre and television, and navigating a diverse range of characters.
Do you remember the moment you first thought, “I want to be an actor”?
I weirdly feel like I’ve never had a moment. I don’t remember doing anything else, it’s kind of been something that I’ve always done. I was really into ballet when I was about three and that got me into joining musical theatre, and then acting classes. It’s just been this trajectory of this is obviously what I was gonna do, even though I have no family or anyone connected to it. But I used to do the summer schools at Key Theatre in Peterborough, where I’m from, every summer. We did Jesus Christ Superstar – it was the first time I’d gotten not narrator number two.
I was cast as Judas, which is a funny theme because I’ve played men quite a lot. Anyway, I remember every summer that those summer schools were the most fun I’d ever had. And I remember my dad being like You were pretty good then. So I think that was maybe him noticing, saying, you’ve actually got something – whatever that is, you’ve got it. And so maybe from there? But, certainly, you find your tribe, and that was when I thought, I could do this for the rest of my life. I would happily do it.
What was your first audition like? Was it a total disaster, or surprisingly smooth?
It probably was a disaster. I was really lucky that I did National Youth Theatre when I was a teenager, and I did a play in The Old Vic Tunnels, which is now the Vaults Theatre. I signed with an agent when I was about eighteen, so I was kind of thrown out into the industry quite young. I do think I finished my first TV audition, they said, “Okay, thank you.” And I was like, “Are you sure you don’t want me to do anything else?”
I was really confused by the idea that it was just a quick in-and-out process. I was like, you don’t want me to do a dance or a song? I’ve got so much I can show you. I was quite clueless but you live and learn. I went to drama school and probably learned how to audition, and then went out into the world and was alright by then. But I think those early auditions, you’re also riddled with nerves, and you do just get used to that, which is a fascinating thing.
Now you’re playing Alice in ‘MobLand’. Tell me a bit about that and the character that you play.
We meet Alice in episode one at a group therapy session where she becomes friends with Jan, who’s played by Joanne Froggatt, who’s married to Harry Da Souza, played by Tom Hardy. They become very fast friends because they’re bonding over their marital problems, among other things. And as their friendship grows, Alice becomes more intertwined in the Harrigan family – the twists and turns of their world. There is a lot to Alice that you don’t see on first meeting, because she has a lot of faces that she shows the world, but certainly as her journey goes through the series, you’ll learn a lot more about her.
dress. Azzi & Osta
opposite
caped gown. Stella McCartney
thumb ring. Tami & Tami @ Wolf & Badger
Like peeling the layers of an onion. Is there anything that you particularly relate to playing Alice?
It’s interesting because the crime world, obviously, is something I don’t have a huge amount of experience in. Alice is really complex and very complicated – there were a lot of things that I didn’t necessarily connect with. She has a huge amount of confidence, and boldness, and humour – a Guy Ritchie wit to her which I’d like to think I connected to.
Weirdly, because I was doing a musical at the same time as filming ‘MobLand’, and I was playing this confident man in ‘Operation Mincemeat’ in the West End. Interestingly, I think those characters slightly merged into each other. I kind of connected with this inner confidence because I was playing two characters that were so confident. I wouldn’t say I naturally am, but, actually, I think it was really useful for me as Emily to play two people who have so much belief in themselves. That was quite fun to live through them.
So you were on stage in ‘Operation Mincemeat’ whilst filming ‘MobLand’ – they’re quite different characters, I’m surprised to hear there was a similarity.
The confidence was probably the only thing. You’re right. There’s one thing doing a play at night and doing filming, but I think a musical is so much bigger in terms of the medium, it’s so much more performative. Luckily, it was not the first time I’ve been on stage, and it wasn’t the first time I’ve filmed, so once you’re in the world that you’re in, you know how to navigate it. There was part of me that I wondered if my acting on stage would become more TV or they would merge, or I forget which medium I’m in, but I don’t think that was the case because also they’re quite clear worlds that I could separate mentally.
Have there been any memorable moments or takeaways from set, especially when sharing the screen with big names like Tom Hardy, Pierce Brosnan, and Helen Mirren?
So many. The whole experience was a little bit ‘pinch me’, but there were so many moments when you’re on set with people like that where you forget, and you’re suddenly faced with Bond and a Dame and, you know, all these people. I had a three-day shoot of a dinner scene that comes in later in the series, which was a unique experience being around a table, partly because my character was invited to dinner at the Harrigan’s. So it’s a formed family, and my character is the outsider coming in. I, as Emily, already felt like an outsider just because I’m entering this world, but also my character was on the back foot.
I had Helen Mirren passing me the potatoes. I had Pierce Brosnan cutting up the ham. Tom Hardy is next to me on his phone. There’s this weird dysfunctional family that I’ve somehow joined, and yet they are incredible heavyweight actors. Certainly, after a while, you realise that whatever level any actors are on, everyone’s the same. Everyone’s just trying to do their best work and worried about remembering their lines. We were getting the scripts as we were going, there was that huge immediacy to learning your lines that you go, they’re all professionals, we’re all in the same boat, we’re all on this adventure together, so that was quite comforting.
Speaking of big names, are there any actors or filmmakers who have significantly inspired you or the roles that you play?
Interesting. I was really lucky that one of my first jobs was in the West End with David Suchet, and he really was a mentor. I think I was 24, just got a lead in the West End and was auditioning for something at Shakespeare’s Globe at the time, and he took me under his wing and gave me Shakespeare lessons in between shows on a Saturday. He’s just an incredible man and actor, but also Shakespeare is his forte, and he helped me get a job at the Globe, and he’s really helped give advice whenever I needed it.
I’ve been lucky because I worked with Penelope Wilton a few years ago, who was useful to talk to about career, longevity and making sure you pick roles that inspire you or challenge you. They’re all actors that I admire who often manage to do all the mediums together.
I think the actors that I am impressed by are the ones that can be on stage, but then also have a comedy aspect of their performance, and also have an incredibly deep dramatic performance. People who manage to just do everything on every medium. So certainly David, Penelope, and then Helen Mirren, I spoke to her about balancing theatre and film, and she was pretty inspirational in that sense.
You’ve played some really diverse characters as well – Monty in ‘Operation Mincemeat’, Imogen in ‘Cymbeline’, Kathleen in ‘Bodies’, Alice in ‘MobLand’. When you get a script, what’s the first thing you look for in a character?
Interestingly, I think often it’s when I can read the script and know exactly what my point is, or something that I know that I can bring to it. Because sometimes you just read so many, and I go, I know what I would do with this, but I don’t know if it’s the most unique or interesting version of that character. But sometimes you just read something and it clicks, and I know exactly what take I would want to do with it. Also, generally something that’s different where you’re like, “Oh, I’ve not explored that.” Or often, I’m drawn to comedic characters, I guess. I’ve done quite a lot of that. I’m saying that, but I’ve done lots of drama as well.
Often, it’s whatever you’ve last done as well – that you are then drawn to the opposite. I just love being thrown all the sides of everything all the time. As soon as anything feels the same as what I’ve done, I feel less creative and fun about it.
It must be interesting to step out of your comfort zone and learn with each new role and new genre.
Yeah, it is interesting. I have probably played some characters that are in the same world, and actually then working out what their differences are and also there are certain niche characters that I know I suit or can feel really comfortable with me. But I guess I came into acting because I could play Judas – I could play whatever. So you want to be able to test yourself always, and particularly, voice has always been a huge thing for me. I love different accents, different physicalities, making sure everything feels different and a new experience, I guess.
top + flares. Hildur Yeoman
shoes. Essen
ring. Missoma
opposite
crochet dress. Roberta Einer
platform heels. Casadei
ring. Nada Ghazal
Looking back at all of these roles that you’ve played, was there a particular one or project, maybe, that felt like a turning point for you as an actor?
Getting to play a lead at the Globe quite quickly out of drama school was a real moment, I guess, because it was the lead in a company, and I’ve never had that experience before. That certainly felt like a real-life moment. It’s funny, I look back at it now, and I’m like, god, what an amazing, mad thing to happen.
And I did ‘The Alienist’, which was a Netflix show, and that was the first time that I was a regular in a TV show, and was able to, kind of, chart an entire journey with a character. That felt like a real moment because it was the first time I really explored TV and got really excited by that world and realising that you can be really challenged in that sense as well.
But I guess that I’ve just had a few little moments along the way. Nothing’s been like, “That was the job that changed my life,” or anything. Everything’s just been a stepping stone in the right direction.
Were there any instances where your time in theatre shaped your television career or vice versa? Maybe a role that changed the way you see acting, or even yourself?
Such a good question, I don’t know. I feel like I’ve been lucky in theatre, doing ‘Cymbeline’ and I did a play called ‘Cost of Living’, at the Hampstead with Adrian Lester. Both of them were emotionally challenging roles that really required me to go into places that I’ve never really been. I’d say that doing them on a stage, interestingly, I find probably easier to access because you get to chart the whole journey, and there’s an adrenaline to it. Sometimes I find, with TV, accessing those areas or parts of myself are slightly harder, but, actually, I think doing them on stage has helped me when I’ve then got more dramatic roles on screen. Just knowing how to navigate that and knowing how to get yourself in the right headspace, I think.
It’s different on stage and on set – do you have a favourite place to be or does it depend on the project?
I think it depends on the project. I certainly feel very at home on stage, probably because that’s where I began. But ‘MobLand’ opened my eyes to how exciting television can be. My character didn’t get to do huge amounts of action, but I had snippets of what that world could be like. I had a running scene – there was police, and these drones creating the feeling of helicopters and whatever. I was just like, “This is incredible, this is a whole world that I am really excited by now.” I think theatre will always be my first love, really.
Is there a moment behind the scenes that still makes you smile when you think about it, either in theatre or TV?
I mean, there always is. When I did ‘The Importance Being Earnest’  in the West End with David Suchet, there was just a day when, I think, when you do Oscar Wilde that many times, it is one of the funniest plays ever written. I truly believe that. Being in that play was one of the funniest experiences.
We would just get the giggles to a point where I was slightly worried I was going to have an accident because trying not to laugh when something is the funniest thing – I don’t know if you’ve watched this program, ‘Last One Laughing’, a new show where comedians aren’t allowed to laugh – most of my funniest memories are ones where you’re not allowed to laugh on stage because you’re in a play and the funniest thing that’s ever happened has happened. I’ve had a lot of plays like that. Sometimes it isn’t even a line. It’s just, like, a face that someone’s pulled or somebody’s forgotten a line or something’s happened.
But also in ‘MobLand’, Helen Mirren gave a monologue to my character about marriage and I will never forget that experience of having someone of her calibre give me the most incredible monologue. Since this character she’s playing is so out of anything we’ve ever seen her doing – she’s so foul-mouthed and goes into some dark places – that was quite a life moment for sure. Sitting opposite Helen Mirren, giving you marriage advice.
Looking ahead, are there any roles or genres you haven’t tackled yet that you want to try?
Interestingly, I’m doing a job in May that’s a fantasy. I have never ever been in that world before. So my answer before of wanting something the polar opposite, this answers my prayers. I’ve got prosthetic ears so that’s a new world to explore. And because of ‘MobLand’, I’m experiencing a bit of what it would be like to be in an action film or, something where it’s just high stakes like driving. I’ve done a lot of dinner scenes or characters that are much more within a domestic environment, whereas I would love to be in a car chase.
You need to manifest a car chase.
Interestingly, I did manifest ‘Operation Mincemeat’. I wrote down that I really want to do a musical. I’ve never manifested in my life, but I was like, “I really want that this year.” And then it happened. So I now fully believe in manifestation but I’ve got to get better at driving first.
caped gown. Stella McCartney
opposite
dress. Azzi & Osta
MobLand is out now.
photography. David Reiss 
fashion. Alexandria Reid 
talent. Emily Barber 
casting. Alabama Blonde 
hair. Michela Olivieri @ Caren Agency using Kérastase 
make up. Jade Bird using Laura Mercier 
creative production. Clara La Rosa
interview. Rhea Lobo
all clothing. Burberry
belt. Anderson’s
boots. Manolo Blahnik
Fresh off an intense five-and-a-half-hour tennis match, Jason Isaacs appears anything but drained; his enthusiasm is evident even over Zoom. Despite being deep into an exhaustive press tour — and likely having fielded every imaginable question — he’s genuinely eager to chat with Schön! about ‘The White Lotus‘. Perhaps it’s the setting — a tennis camp in Spain — that leaves him eager to fill downtime. More likely, it’s because Isaacs himself is a genuine fan. “I’m slightly marvelling that I’m in it. I’m used to being in indie movies that don’t come out – or come out and close quickly,” he laughs.
Season three of Mike White’s acclaimed dark comedy-drama transports viewers to a wellness retreat in Koh Samui, with Isaacs portraying Timothy Ratliff, a wealthy patriarch travelling with his family. Landing a role in such a coveted ensemble required Isaacs to step outside his norm and audition. “Because I don’t normally audition,” he shares, “I was the same bumbling, stuttering, insecure fool that I had been for the first ten years of my career.”
Isaacs is known for his remarkable ability to fully inhabit each character he portrays, seamlessly adopting new accents as needed. In ‘The Death of Stalin’, the Yorkshire accent felt natural from the script itself, while for ‘Harry Potter’, he crafted Lucius Malfoy’s voice to “drip with entitlement and arrogance and scorn.” Yet that performance almost didn’t happen. “I came up with his voice and they weren’t going to let me do it,” Isaacs recalls. “I did the first rehearsal, and [Chris Columbus and David Heyman] went, ‘I don’t know, it’s very, very extreme.’ Daniel [Radcliffe] was standing there, and he went, ‘I think it’s cool.’”
In his forthcoming film ‘The Salt Path‘, a poignant biographical drama adapted from Raynor “Ray” Winn’s memoir, Isaacs plays Moth Winn, a man grappling with homelessness and the devastating effects of corticobasal degeneration, a rare neurological disorder. “It’s a horrible cliché when people say that the landscape is a character in the film, but it’s a huge character in their life,” Isaacs reflects, noting the remarkable improvement in Moth’s condition during long walks. “Every audience member can guess, ‘Is it love? Is it nature?’,” he muses. “I like to believe it’s love.”
Looking ahead, Isaacs is gearing up to begin shooting several independent films, chosen as much for the creative challenge they offer him as for the enjoyment they promise audiences. “I’m not looking to build a career,” he explains. “I’m not looking to be anything that I’m not. I just want to keep having an interesting time at work.”
For now, he’s savouring time with his daughters — “Any time I can be on the same continent, my heart just settles a bit.” — and anticipating how many more hours of tennis he can squeeze in tomorrow.
full look. ZEGNA shirt. Fursac
trousers. Edward Sexton
boots. R.M Williams
bracelets throughout. Jason’s own
watch. TAG Heuer all clothing. Edward Sexton
shoes. Harrys of London
opposite
full look. ZEGNA jumper. Connolly
full look. ZEGNA
shirt. Fursac
trousers. Edward Sexton
boots. R.M Williams
bracelets throughout. Jason’s own
watch. TAG Heuer
all clothing. Edward Sexton
shoes. Harrys of London
opposite
full look. ZEGNA
jumper. Connolly
‘The White Lotus‘ Season 3 is streaming on Now TV. ‘The Salt Path’ is in UK cinemas on 30th May.
Get your print copy of Schön! 48 at Amazon Globally, Amazon Germany, Amazon France, Amazon Italy, Amazon Spain, Amazon Netherlands, Amazon Poland, Amazon Belgium, Amazon Sweden and the UK Schön! store.
Download your favourite cover now at the Schön! store.
photography. Lee Malone 
fashion. Gareth Scourfield @ One Represents 
talent. Jason Isaacs wearing Burberry + Manolo Blahnik
grooming. Nohelia Reyes using Merit Beauty + Maria Nila 
photography assistant. Jake Milsom
fashion assistant. Andrew Burling
words. Amber Louise
Kaytranada’s sold-out show at London’s Alexandra Palace on April 26 was nothing short of a full-bodied experience. From the moment the lights dimmed and the first track dropped, it was clear that the crowd were locked in for a good time. Kicking off with ‘Pressure’ from his latest album ‘Timeless’, Kaytranada immediately set the tone for what was to come.
Between songs, the Canadian producer kept the atmosphere relaxed. There was no ego, just a DJ vibing with the crowd. Spectators became part of Kaytranada’s journey for the night, feeding off his infectious energy. Halfway through, the show shifted gears to some classic remixes. When his take on Beyoncé’s ‘Break My Soul’ and Rihanna’s ‘Kiss It Better’ dropped, the crowd naturally went wild. Familiar pop songs felt fresh in his hands, transformed into a bass-driven tracks that kept everyone moving.
Visually, the production was simple but on point. Strobes flashed in sync with the music, amplifying the energy and adding to the overall atmosphere. It was almost too easy to get lost in the dance. Kaytranada was ever-present behind his setup with a glass of wine propped on a stand of its own, looking as though he was having as much fun as the crowd—maybe even more so.
Kaytranada’s live performances are a testament to his ability to elevate his already incredible studio work. By the time ‘Be Your Girl’ rang through the speakers, the night was at its peak and the energy in the room was contagious, becoming the kind of show where time disappears. By the finale, it felt as if the evening had passed in minutes rather than hours. 
photography. Isha Shah
words. Holly Turton