After enduring a seemingly interminable and debilitating semester upheld by an alarming reliance on caffeine, summer has finally arrived. For most, summer is a time to savor the freedom from exams and bid farewell to regular sleep schedules. I, however, kicked off my academic liberation with a 4 a.m. doom-scrolling session, unapologetically repeated every day for a week. This unhealthy routine took its toll, but I thrived on the luxury of an obligation-devoid life. However, this lifestyle quickly led to me battling insomnia, unable to catch a single wink of sleep. To readjust my topsy-turvy sleep schedule, I turned to music as my nonmedical remedy. Compiled is a list of six soothing songs, not necessarily made with the intention of helping you doze off, but that has nonetheless satisfied my sleepless nights. 
“No Hard Feelings” — Wolf Alice 
Opening in an abysmal room with the gentle strumming of a guitar resonating in the background, “No Hard Feelings” is an ideal introduction, setting a tranquil and soothing mood. The track incorporates fleeting moments of delicate, harmonious vocals that complement the softly spoken lyrics of the duo’s vocalist Ellie Rowsell. With minimal instrumentation, the song gently lulls you into a peaceful, half-awake half-asleep state, allowing you to drift off undisturbed.
“Wait for Life” — Emile Haynie (feat. Lana Del Rey)
Striking with a cinematic feel, “Wait for Life” combines powerful strings and haunting hums, creating an assertive sound through its instrumentation and vocals. Del Rey’s ethereal voice should collide with the intense drums, strings and piano — instead it all comes together in a whirl. ​​While the song has moments of intensity, potentially conflicting with the desire for a soothing ambiance, its fluctuating dynamics take you on a cinematic journey, casting you as the main character in your own dream. This makes the song perfect for playing dream director as you drowse.
“Waiting on You” — Omar Apollo
Narrating a youthful expression of puppy love, Apollo’s gentle and optimistic approach beautifully crafts the song’s central romantic essence. Portraying the singer’s fascination with his partner’s qualities and longing for their affection, “Waiting on You” melds Apollo’s soothing vocals with a mellow guitar, capturing the serenity of his introspective mind. The folksy guitar outro gradually fades out the song’s instruments, offering listeners a brief escape from reality, one step closer to entering a dreamlike state.
“Wasteland, Baby!” — Hozier
Hozier is no stranger to creating incredibly soothing music, drawing heavily from blues and soul influences. The title track of his album Wasteland, Baby! superbly exhibits the Irish musician’s knack for peaceful melodies with gentle instrumentation and soft vocals. The song begins with folksy guitar as Hozie’s voice enters, airy and echoing alongside the music. The simple melody and consistent chords make it easy for the listener to immerse themselves in the song’s world. When I listen to “Wasteland, Baby!” I always find myself strolling through a lush garden with a flowing river nearby. Perhaps there are other images that this song brings to mind. Nevertheless, it always creates a moment of complete tranquility, allowing me to picture myself in a peaceful natural setting, getting ready to doze off.
“Kaleidoscope” — Chappell Roan
Roan’s “Kaleidoscope” parallels Apollo’s romantic yearning, albeit in a more tender and wistful manner. This is immediately evident in the opening piano melody, where Roan skillfully blends minor and major chords, evoking a sense of melancholy and longing. This ebb and flow creates a soothing, lullaby-like quality, as if the listeners are gently comforted by the singer’s reflective mood.
“Fallen Fruit” — Lorde
While most of the songs on this list feature singers’ voices at a lower volume, “Fallen Fruit” goes against this trend with Lorde’s powerful vocals. Some may argue that this difference in volume disqualifies the song from this list, but I disagree. Lorde’s raspy yet soothing voice perfectly complements the groovy electric and acoustic guitar, creating an intriguing world to explore once you have entirely reached a dream state. The intense harmonies will definitely resonate in your mind, evoking the intensity of a fever dream. What our minds concocts may be nonsense upon waking, but those moments between have the capacity to bring momentary clarity, as if the universe is somehow perfectly aligned in harmony.
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: