We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Just for the intro, then that's all folks!
Joker 2, aka Joker: Folie à Deux, will open with a Looney Tunes-esque animated sequence, it has been revealed.
In a lengthy Variety profile piece on the DC duology's director Todd Phillips, it was explained that the Joker will feature in a cartoon from Sylvain Chomet, the director of Oscar-nominated 2003 classic The Triplets of Belleville.
It's only the intro that's animated, but we've known for a while now that the film takes another stylistic turn: it's got a lot of musical sequences.
Related: Best movie box sets to buy in 2024 – 4K, Blu-ray and DVD
Phillips explained the thinking behind this, stating: "The goal of this movie is to make it feel like it was made by crazy people. The inmates are running the asylum."
While the film has a lot of DNA from the musicals in it, Phillips is hesitant to call the film a full-blown musical, explaining: "Most of the music in the movie is really just dialogue. It's just Arthur not having the words to say what he wants to say, so he sings them instead.
"I just don't want people to think that it's like In the Heights, where the lady in the bodega starts to sing and they take it out onto the street, and the police are dancing. No disrespect, because I loved In the Heights."
"It was important to me that we never perform the songs as one typically does in a musical," Arthur Fleck actor Joaquin Phoenix added. "We didn't want vibrato and perfect notes."
Related: Brian Cox pans Joaquin Phoenix's Napoleon performance
Lady Gaga, who plays Harley Quinn, further explained: "We asked ourselves what would need to be true for two people to just break into song in the middle of a conversation? Where does the music come from when no one can hear it but the characters? 
"Neither Arthur [Fleck/Joker] nor Lee [Harley Quinn] are professional singers, and they shouldn't sound like they are."
As well as not being afraid to go off-key as they sang live during the film, the actors were also encouraged to mix up the rhythm and tempo of their musical numbers. The downside to that, as Phillips noted, was that it made the editing process a "nightmare".
Folie à Deux is scheduled for a cinema release date of October 4. Joker is available to buy on Blu-ray or streaming now.
Joe Anderton is a freelance news writer at Digital Spy, having worked there since 2016. In his time, he's covered a host of live events and interviewed celebrities big and small.
A big fan of TV and movies both mainstream and obscure, Joe's main interest is in video gaming. Although particularly a PlayStation gamer, he plays across Xbox, Nintendo and PC/Steam Deck, and likes to keep tabs on many games he's not got the time to play.
Joe currently does not use Twitter, but he only ever used it to tell people to watch the film Help! I'm a Fish (which you really should do).
Lady Gaga breaks silence on Joker 2 flop
Joker: Folie à Deux ending explained
Joker 2 confirms streaming release date
Netflix's Wednesday s2 adds Lady Gaga to cast
Joker 2 is now available to watch at home
Joaquin Phoenix on Dark Knight Joker role
Is Joker 2 available to stream?
Joker 2 digital release date confirmed after flop
Joker 2 sets unwanted record at box office
How to get Joker: Folie à Deux's 4K Steelbook
Joker 2's Connor Storrie on shocking ending twist
Does Joker 2 have anything after the credits?
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.