By EMMA SALETTA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:12, 30 August 2024   |  Updated:  21:23, 30 August 2024   
 9
View  comments
Fans were angered to see the nominees in one of the MTV Video Music Awards' new categories - Most Iconic Performance.
This new category will acknowledge one of five nominees who participated in legendary VMAs performances between 1984 and 2013.
However, VMAs enthusiasts were angered to see that Britney Spears' memorable 'I'm a Slave 4 U' performance from 2001 was left out.
'I think it’s a joke that Britney Spears isn’t on here as a stand-alone nomination. Britney is THE performance queen of the VMAs, she literally performed with a live snake,' an X user wrote.
Other talked-about nominees in this category include Eminem, Beyonce, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, and Taylor Swift.
Various X users were angered to find out that Britney Spears' 'I'm a Slave 4 U' performance was not nominated for a VMAs this year
I think it’s a joke that Britney Spears isn’t on here as a stand alone nomination, Britney is THE performance queen of the VMAs, she literally performed with a live snake. pic.twitter.com/qQw88b8AlN
Spears' 2001 VMAs performance made headlines after she performed with an albino Burmese python around her shoulders.
'Britney Spears' 2001 VMAs performance of "I'm a Slave 4 U" was truly iconic. With a live python and cage, she made a bold statement, sparking discussions,' tweeted an X user. 
'Spears saw it as conquering fear and leaving a mark on pop culture. It showcased her artistry and the era's creative expression.'
Despite Spears' 2001 performance being left out of the category, she, Madonna, Christina Aguilera and Missy Elliot were nominated for the 2003's of 'Like a Virgin' and 'Hollywood.'
The performance received a vast amount of media attention due to Spears and Madonna locking lips on stage.
'Anybody who says anything other than the Britney Spears, Madonna, Xtina & Missy performance is either trolling or 12,' an X user joked.
Spears, along with Madonna, Christina Aguilera, and Missy Elliot, were nominated for their 2003 performance of 'Like a Virgin' and 'Hollywood'
This performance got EVERYONE across the globe talking the next day pic.twitter.com/zEC82O4Ifd
Several TikTok users have been rooting for Gaga and Beyonce, who were nominated for their 2009 and 2011 performances respectively.
Gaga started her 2009 'Paparazzi' performance by laying on the ground, and ended it while hanging in the air.
She was also surrounded by backup dancers and played the piano before theatrical blood dripped from her ribcage and smeared on her face.
'Academy Award winner Lady Gaga knew exactly what she was doing,' wrote an X user.
Beyonce's 2011 'Love on Top' performance was much simpler, and it was primarily just her and a small group of background dancers.
However, she famously dropped the microphone, opened her blazer and announced her first pregnancy right when the song was over.
While Beyonce rubbed her baby with a massive smile on her face, the camera caught Jay Z and Kanye West celebrating in the audience.
Madonna was also nominated for her 1984 performance of 'Like a Virgin' and was the only singer to be in two nominations.  
'It’s rigged if Madonna doesn’t win it’s by far the most iconic out of all of these,' an X user tweeted. 
Most X users have been rooting for Beyonce or Lady Gaga to win this year's award
Taylor Swift received a nomination for her 2009 'You Belong With Me' VMAs performance 
Swift's stellar 'You Belong With Me' performance outside Radio City Music Hall was highly publicized, mainly because of the actions that occurred shortly before she sang.
One of the highlights of the 2009 VMAs was West interrupting Swift while she was accepting the award for Best Female Video.
'This performance was overshadowed by that incident, but I'm glad that now it's nominated for the most iconic performance at the VMAs,' wrote an X user this afternoon.
Multiple social media users assumed she would be the winner of this category, while others still aren't convinced.
Perry's 'Roa'" performance from 2013 seemingly shocked X users compared to the other musicians nominated for the award.
However, the nominee that several X users were not happy to see was Eminem - the only male artist in the category.
X users criticized Eminem for being nominated for this award. He is the only male artist to be in this category
Eminem was nominated for his popular 2000 VMAs performance of "The Real Slim Shady" and "The Way I Am"
Eminem was nominated for his memorable performance of 'The Real Slim Shady' and 'The Way I Am' at the VMAs in 2000.
While he performed, 'Eminem clones' were following the rapper into the Radio City Music Hall, and walked down the aisles as he went on stage.
Audience members were dancing and appeared to be in impressed, but X users have shown disdain toward the performance since MTV announced the category.
'I'd be happy for all if one of them won except from Eminem,' a user wrote.
Other X users suggested that him or other nominees be replaced by artists such as Nicki Minaj and Ariana Grande. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group