By EVE BUCKLAND and NIC WHITE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:58, 11 March 2024   |  Updated:  19:07, 11 March 2024   
 120
View  comments
Lady Gaga has leapt to the defense of transgender influencer Dylan Mulvaney after a post of the pair marking International Women's Day was attacked by trolls.
'I'm putting you on my vision board, for life,' Gaga said to Mulvaney in the post of the duo posing together, to which Mulvaney replied: 'I love you'. 
Mulvaney, 27,  also posted a photo with Lady Gaga's mother, Cynthia Germanotta and one of her name stitched on to a napkin as a table placing.
Online trolls were quick to descend on Mulvaney's Instagram post, hurling abuse and calling her and even Lady Gaga, who was born a woman, 'men'.
Now Gaga, 37, has slammed the 'degradation' and 'violence' aimed at the post in a new Instagram message, writing: It’s appalling to me that a post about National Women’s Day by Dylan Mulvaney and me would be met with such vitriol and hatred.
Lady Gaga has leapt to the defense of transgender influencer Dylan Mulvaney after a post of the pair marking International Women's Day was attacked by trolls
Adding 'This is not backlash. This is hatred' she continued: 'But it is not surprising given the immense work that it’s obvious we still have to do as a society to make room for transgender lives to be cherished and upheld by all of us.
'I feel very protective in this moment, not only of Dylan, but of the trans community who continues to lead the way with their endless grace and inspiration in the face of constant degradation, intolerance, and physical, verbal, and mental violence.
'I certainly do not speak for this community, but I have something to say. I hope all women will come together to honor us ALL for International Women’s Day, and may we do that always until THE DAY that all women are celebrated equally. That all people are celebrated equally. 
'A day where people of all gender identities are celebrated on whichever holiday speaks to them. Because people of all gender identities and races deserve peace and dignity.”
'May we all come together and be loving, accepting, warm, welcoming. May we all stand and honor the complexity and challenge of trans life—that we do not know, but can seek to understand and have compassion for. I love people too much to allow hatred to be referred to as ‘backlash.’ People deserve better.'
Mulvaney responded: 'You mean the world to me. Love ya'.
This comes after the original post sparked backlash from fans with one writing: 'This is so degrading to REAL women,' one wrote.
'I actually see two men,' another responded, and a third added 'two men cannot represent a real Queen'.
Yet another claimed they were 'two women born as men' and 'shout out to all the real women! Not men playing dress up'.
'Why's Dylan representing. He's 'NOT' a woman. What an insult to us 'REAL' women. Quit invading our territory.' 
Mulvaney responded: 'You mean the world to me. Love ya'
Online trolls were quick to descend on Mulvaney's Instagram post, hurling abuse and calling her and even Lady Gaga, who was born a woman, 'men' 
Online trolls had descended on Mulvaney's Instagram post, hurling abuse and calling her and even Lady Gaga, who was born a woman, 'men'
Other commenters expressed excitement and said they were proud of Mulvaney for sharing the stage with a major celebrity
Lady Gaga was born Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta and attended a Catholic all-girls school in New York City from the age of 11.
Others claimed Mulvaney was suffering from a mental illness because she was transgender.
'I can not believe that there is still men and Women out there that believe Lady Gaga is not a woman. She is and so is Dylan Mulvaney. This is two beautiful women together,' a kinder commenter added.
'Girl - and I thought it couldn’t get better,' another added.
Other commenters expressed excitement and said they were proud of Mulvaney for sharing the stage with a major celebrity. 
Mulvaney became phenomenally popular on TikTok for documenting her transition in March 2022, but is now best known for her controversial Bud Light promotion.
The brewing giant created a limited run of Bud Light cans with her face to celebrate 365 days of 'being a girl,' the phrase she uses to describe her transition
A single TikTok video by transgender influencer Dylan Mulvaney with a branded beer can was enough to send right-wing drinkers into a frenzy.
Bud Light sales plunged in early April  2023 amid a conservative backlash after the brand sent a commemorative can to the transgender influencer 
Mulvaney partnered with the brand in April for its March Madness NCAA campaign and posted a video on April 1 while holding the can.
Despite the cans being an extremely limited run and only featuring in one video, conservative figures were outraged and called for a boycott.
The backlash caused Bud Light's parent company, Anheuser-Busch, to lose $400 million in sales as US revenue dropped 10.5 per cent compared with the year before.
Mulvaney later posted a TikTok video where she said she felt 'scared to leave the house' at the height of the backlash.
Bud Light workers accused their company's leadership of 'cowardice' over the ad fiasco, arguing they should have better supported Mulvaney.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group