ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
The Detroit Lakes Tribune accepts community calendar items for publication online and, space permitting, in our Wednesday and Saturday print editions. Submissions must be made at least a week in advance of the event date, in writing, to either 
dltribune@dlnewspapers.com
 or 
vgerdes@dlnewspapers.com.
 Each submission must include the date, time and location of event, and where to go for more information (phone, email and/or website). Also include whether the event is free or paid admission, and how much it costs when applicable. 
Detroit Lakes Amateur Radio Club: The Detroit Lakes Amateur Radio Club will host its March meeting at the Holiday Inn, 1155 Hwy. 10 East, Detroit Lakes, starting at 9 a.m. There will be no program this month as the club will be conducting a testing session after the meeting. 
ADVERTISEMENT
Laker Elementary Carnival: Rossman and Roosevelt Elementary Schools in Detroit Lakes are once again teaming up to host the Laker Elementary Carnival from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Detroit Lakes Middle School (500 11th Ave.). There will be games, food, bounce houses and more. Open to the public. 
Quilts of Valor Fundraiser: A corned beef and cabbage dinner will be served from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Dent Community Center, with proceeds to benefit the Quilts of Valor program. Cost is a free will offering. There will also be basket raffles, with tickets on sale during the dinner. 
The Art of Composting: Join Becker County Waste Educator Sandy Gunderson at the Detroit Lakes Public Library for a free informational session on "The Art of Composting," starting at 3 p.m. Sandy will show you how to turn your kitchen scraps into usable soil. This one-hour workshop is part of the library's "New Hobby in the New Year" series. Admission is free, but registration is required. Sign up online at 
    
      larl.libnet.info/event/9978873 
    
      or call 218-847-2168. 
St. Paddy's Purse Bingo: Come to the Detroit Lakes Holiday Inn and celebrate St. Patrick's Day in style with a night of Purse Bingo! The taco bar opens when registration starts at 4 p.m., with the first game at 5 p.m. Cost is $50, for 15 games of bingo and access to the taco bar, plus one complimentary beverage, with proceeds to benefit Detroit Lakes Youth Hockey. Single-person tickets are available at the Holiday Inn's front desk. A limited number of table reservations for six or eight people are available; call 218-849-5998 for more information.
St. Paddy's Day Party: The Get Over It Band will be playing at Al's Bar and Grill/Audubon Liquor Store starting at 8 p.m. They will also be serving up corned beef and cabbage along with green tap beer. 
St. Patrick's Day Pub Crawl: A total of 10 local bars and pubs in Detroit Lakes will be hosting a St. Patrick's Day Pub Crawl, including VFW Post 1676, Northside, Brygge, Roasted, Bucks Mill Brewing, Hub 41, Lakeside Tavern, Zorbaz, American Legion Post 15 and the Holiday Inn. Participants can pick up their passport at any of the participating locations at any time, then get it stamped at each location and bring the completed passport to Hub 41 before 11 p.m. to participate in the prize drawing. One lucky crawler will win $500 cash. Must be present for the drawing in order to win. 
Comedy Night: Comedian Jim Rule performs at 6 p.m. in the Mustang Lounge at Shooting Star Casino in Mahnomen. 
ADVERTISEMENT
Live Music: Shirts and Skins at Shooting Star Casino's Mustang Lounge in Mahnomen, 8 p.m.-12:30 a.m.; Six to Midnight at Zorbaz in Detroit Lakes, 9 p.m.-1 a.m.; Uptown Band at Holiday Inn Beach Bar in Detroit Lakes, 9 p.m.-1 a.m.
Color Guard Breakfast: The Lake Region Veterans Color Guard will be hosting a breakfast fundraiser from 8 a.m. to noon at the American Legion Club, 810 West Lake Drive, Detroit Lakes. Suggested donation is $8 for a meal including scrambled eggs; pancakes or French toast; sausage or bacon; and coffee or orange juice. Plenty of tables, lots of space. Open to all.
March Dinner: St. Andrew's Catholic Church of Hawley will be serving a turkey dinner with all the trimmings, plus assorted salads and desserts, from 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Cost is $15 for adults, $5 for kids age 6-12 and free for preschoolers. A portion of the proceeds will go to support local charities. 
Sunday Fun Day-St. Patrick's Edition: Detroit Lakes VFW Post 1676 will be celebrating St. Patrick's Day by serving up free Irish stew along with some fun drink specials, including "Leprechaun Mimosas," starting at noon. 
St. Patrick's Day Party: Al's Bar and Grill/Audubon Liquor Store will be serving up corned beef and cabbage along with green tap beer throughout the day to wind up its weekend-long celebration. 
Ask a 'Techspert': Do you have a phone, tablet, laptop, iPad, Kindle or other device that you’re struggling to use? Visit the Detroit Lakes Public Library, 1000 Washington Ave., at 4 p.m. to learn more about your device, plus learn how to download eBooks and eAudiobooks free of charge.
Conquer the ACT: Longtine Detroit Lakes educator Mike Labine will be leading a 7 p.m. workshop at the Detroit Lakes Library on "Strategies and Tools to Conquer the ACT," including effective test-taking strategies, how the test is structured, and more. This workshop is offered free of charge to any student preparing to take the ACT test.
ADVERTISEMENT
Library Book Club: Join the Detroit Lakes Public Library's Afternoon Book Club at 3 p.m. to discuss this month's book, "The Seed Keeper" by Diane Wilson, which follows Rosalie Iron Wing as she learns about her family history and what it means to protect what matters most. All are welcome, even if you haven't read the book. If you have any questions, feel free to email the library at 
    
      detroit@larl.org
    
       or call 218-847-2168.
Holmes Movie Series-A Star Is Born (2018): The Historic Holmes Theatre is hosting screenings of all three film versions of the memorable drama, "A Star Is Born," concluding with a 7 p.m. showing of the 2018 version, starring Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper. Tickets are $5 each, and are available at the door. 
Theology on Tap: Bucks Mill Brewing in downtown Detroit Lakes will host an evening of "Theology on Tap," starting at 7 p.m. Questions about life, about God, or both? Come ponder those questions over a pint of cold, local brew with other like-minded individuals. Open to the public.
Inspired Painting: Join instructor Anna Lassonde at Jollybird Studio, 901 Washington Ave., Suite 5, Detroit Lakes (upstairs in the Counselor Realty building), from 6:30-9 p.m. for the first of 12 monthly sessions to look into the life of an artist and create art inspired by their work. This first session will explore painting florals inspired by artist Georgia O'Keefe, using watercolor media. Open to ages 14 and up. All supplies are provided. Cost is $50; please purchase tickets in advance, as spots are limited. Sign up online at 
    
      jollybirdstudio.com.
    
       Tickets are nonrefundable, but exchangeable. 
Business Networking Bowling Night: Come to Voyager Lanes at 1377 West Lake Drive, Detroit Lakes, from 5:30-7:30 p.m. for a night of bowling with Lakes Country Networking, a group of area business professionals who work together to promote and refer business to their members. RSVP to Shandi at 218-234-0124 or just show up to have some fun. The cost of bowling and shoes is covered by the group. 
Concordia Chapel Choir in Concert: Detorit Lakes' Historic Holmes Theatre will host a 7 p.m. performance by the Concordia Chapel Choir, with a special appearance by the Detroit Lakes High School Choir. Songs ranging from Renaissance madrigals to contemporary choral works, including music by Ysaye Barnwell, Adolphus Hailstork, Jocelyn Hagen, Orlando Di Lasso, Melanie DeMore, Byron Smith, and more. Of special note, the concert will feature several movements from Craig Hella Johnson's "Considering Matthew Shepard." This event is not part of any season package; all tickets are general admission, and may be purchased online at 
    
      dlccc.org/holmes-theatre.html,
    
       by phone at 218-844-7469 or in person at the Holmes Box Office, 806 Summit Ave., Detroit Lakes, which is open 10 a.m.-2 p.m. every Monday through Friday as well as for two hours before the show. Though student admission is free, a ticket is still required for entry. 
ECFE Big Rigs, Plows and More: Detroit Lakes Early Childhood Education is inviting families out to the Minnesota Department of Transportation headquarters at 1000 Hwy. 10 West, Detroit Lakes, from 10-11 a.m. to view MnDOT's giant snowplows and other "big rigs." No cost to attend, but pre-registration is requested at 
    
      dlschools.net/departments/community-education/class-information.

ADVERTISEMENT
Fish Friday: The Frazee Knights of Columbus will be hosting their final Lenten fish fry dinner of the season from 5-7 p.m. at Sacred Heart Catholic Church in Frazee. St. Henry's Catholic Church of Perham will also be hosting a Lenten fish fry from 5 to 7 p.m., in the gymnasium of St. Henry's Catholic School. Menu and prices may vary depending on location.
Design 2 Sell 5th Anniversary Party: Come to Design 2 Sell at the Lakes from 6-8 p.m. for a 5th-anniversary party featuring food, drinks and live music. The store is located at 514 Lake Ave., Detroit Lakes. Open to the public. 
Pine to Prairie Pheasants Forever Banquet: The Pine to Prairie chapter of Pheasants Forever will hold its annual banquet atthe Holiday Inn Lakefront, 1155 Hwy. 10, Detroit Lakes, starting at 5:30 p.m. Tickets available online at 
    
      pheasantsforever.org.

Three Stars Born: Detroit Lakes' Historic Holmes Theatre will host a 7:30 p.m. performance of "Three Stars Born," a concert by singer Cate Fierro, Mick Sterling's 16-piece Stars Orchestra and Stars Dancers, which features music from the three "A Star is Born" films featuring Judy Garland, Barbra Streisand and Lady Gaga. Tickets are available online at 
    
      dlccc.org/holmes-theatre.html,
    
       by phone at 218-844-7469 or in person at the Holmes Box Office, 806 Summit Ave., Detroit Lakes, which is open 10 a.m.-2 p.m. every Monday through Friday as well as for two hours before the show. 
Quiet Riot: Legendary heavy metal band Quiet Riot will take the stage at Mahnomen's Shooting Star Casino for an 8 p.m. show, rocking the casino's Event Center with hits like "Cum On Feel the Noize," "Bang Your Head” and “Mama Weer All Crazee Now.” Tickets are available online at 
    
      starcasino.com.

Live Music: Sam Kuusisto at Shooting Star Casino's Mustang Lounge in Mahnomen, 8 p.m.-12:30 a.m. 
Permit to Carry Class: All levels, beginners through advanced, are welcome to join this Minnesota Permit to Carry class at the Detroit Lakes School of Tae Kwon Do and Kumdo, 1042 Hwy. 59, Detroit Lakes, from 12-5 p.m. This class will be conducted in person by certified NRA Defensive Pistol and Minnesota Permit instructor Lucas Holzhueter. Learn the basics of handgun use along with hands-on training with dummy ammo, how to draw from a holster, shoot-don’t shoot scenarios, and threat assessment drills. Cost is $75 per person, including course book and range fees; handgun and ammo available to use during class for an additional $10. Call or text Lucas in advance at 218-234-5890, or register in person on the day of the class. 
ADVERTISEMENT
Seed Starting Basics Open House: Come to the Detroit Lakes Public Library between 9 a.m.-2 p.m. for a Seed Starting Basics Open House, offered in partnership with the Becker County Master Gardeners. Join local gardening experts to learn about the basics of seed starting through hands-on stations, including a grow light display and more. The library is located at 1000 Washington Ave., Detroit Lakes. This event is free and open to the public. 
Ukrainian Egg Painting: The Becker County Museum will host a class in Ukrainian Egg Painting, with two sessions scheduled, from 9:30-11:30 a.m. and 1-3 p.m. Artist Mary Jo Cayley will lead the class through the Ukrainian Folk Art of decorating eggs in the traditional method melting wax over a candle flame and submerging eggs into small bowls of natural dyes. We’ll explore their geometric shapes, their symbolic meanings and their relationship to vibrant color. Open to ages 14 and up; cost is $30 for museum members, $33 for nonmembers. Sign up online at 
    
      beckercountyhistory.org/store
    
       or call 218-847-2938. 
Spring Market Shops: Come to the Washington Square Mall from 10 a.m.-3 p.m. for a fun day of spring shopping amongst various artists, crafters, vendors and fresh market items. 
Free Holiday Movie: Odyssey Washington Square 7 Theatres will host a free community showing of the Easter movie "Hop" at 10 a.m. Doors and concessions open at 9:30. All are welcome, but there will be no tickets issued; seating is on a first come, first served basis. 
VFW Purse Bingo: Detroit Lakes VFW Post 1676 will host an evening of Purse Bingo benefiting the Patriot Assistance Dogs from 5-8 p.m. A meal will be served at 5 p.m., followed by bingo at 6 p.m. There will be 12 games played. Tickets are $50, which include the meal, a packet of 12 bingo cards (one per game) and a ticket for one complimentary beverage of choice. Only 200 tickets will be sold; they may be purchased at the Detroit Lakes VFW Club, 500 Washington Ave. North, Detroit Lakes. 
Live Music: Sam Kuusisto at Shooting Star Casino's Mustang Lounge in Mahnomen, 8 p.m.-12:30 a.m.; DJ Pretty Ricky at Zorbaz in Detroit Lakes, 9 p.m.-1 a.m. 
Rollag Gospel Trio: The interdenominational Christian Fellowship Church of Detroit Lakes will be hosting a free concert by the Rollag Gospel Trio at 6 p.m. These three men, who all live in the Rollag area and attend the same church there, have been spreading the gospel of Jesus through their music in this area for several years. Their blend of three-part harmony is easy to listen to, and the old hymns and country gospel will bring back memories of worship from years gone past. All are welcome to attend.
ADVERTISEMENT
Easter Cantata: The Cantata Community Choir, featuring voices from throughout the lakes area, will present two performances of the Easter Cantata, "Love Divine," at 3 p.m. in Trinity Lutheran Church, 424 E. Gilman Ave., New York Mills, and 7 p.m. in St. Paul's Lutheran Church, 500 6th Ave. SW, Perham. The NYM concert will include prelude music by local musicians, while the Perham concert will feature prelude music from the St. Paul's Bell Choir. Both performances are directed by Sarah Carlstrom and accompanied by Janell Brakel. Refreshments will be served; admission is free and open to the public. 
Lake Region Home and Sport Show: The Lake Region Builders Association will present the 36th Annual Lake Region Home and Sport Show on March 23-24 at Kent Freeman Arena in Detroit Lakes. Showcasing the latest products and services, this show gives attendees the chance to visit with experts to address their home building, remodeling, repair and maintenance questions, and much more! Admission is $5 for adults, free for kids age 18 and under, with tickets available at the door. Hours are 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday, March 23 and 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Sunday, March 25. 
Eagles Karaoke Contest: Eagles Aerie 2342 will host a karaoke contest from 7-10 p.m. every Friday in March, at the Eagles Club, 112 Holmes St. West, Detroit Lakes. Three qualifiers will be selected each week to advance to the finals on April 5, with the winner earning tickets to see Brantley Gilbert at Scheels Arena in Fargo on April 26. Open to the public.
Summit Avenue Family Days: The Detroit Lakes Community and Cultural Center and Becker County Museum are joining forces to offer a full slate of activities, every Saturday in March from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Families (i.e., all family members living under the same roof) can gain full access to both facilities for the day, through one $50 Summit Avenue Family Day Pass, available for purchase at the front desk of either the center or the museum upon your arrival. 
Holmes Art Cellar Open Studio: Come join members of the Holmes Artist Collective at the Art Cellar every Thursday from 5:30-7:30 p.m. Work on a project, start something new, or just come to spend some time with area artists. Various art events will also be scheduled during this time throughout the year; suggestions for activities or other ideas to include are welcome. 
Wood Carving Open Studio: Wood carvers of all skill levels are welcome to join the local carving group at the Holmes Art Cellar in Detroit Lakes every Tuesday from 1-3 p.m. Bring wood carvings to show and/or take part in a free woodworking session. Pattern books and other resources available for checkout. No cost to participate. 
Grace Cafe: Grace Lutheran Church in Detroit Lakes will be serving lunch every Wednesday from 12-1 p.m. The lunch is open to all in the Detroit Lakes area; admission is a free-will donation. Guests are welcome to stay after the meal to play games or cards. 
Grace Food Pantry: Grace Lutheran Church in Detroit Lakes will be operating a food pantry during its regular office hours, 9 a.m.- noon Monday through Friday. Anyone in need can come in and pick up some food. Donations will also be accepted.
Celebrate Recovery: The Celebrate Recovery group meets every Tuesday, 6:30-8 p.m. at Christian Fellowship Church, 28048 Meadow Drive, Detroit Lakes, to take the next steps on the "Road to Recovery: Eight Principles Based on the Beatitudes, Twelve Steps and their Biblical Comparison." Many struggle with alcoholism, divorce, sexual abuse, codependency, domestic violence, drug addiction, food and gambling addictions. Celebrate Recovery is a tried and proven format to help you walk through life's struggles. Men and women meet in a large group format, then break off into smaller discussion groups; men with men, women with women. Come as you are. No cost. We are here to help. Unfortunately, no childcare is available at this time. For more information, check out the website at 
    
      celebraterecovery.com 
    
      or call us at 218-234-2496.
Caring Cup Grief Support: The Caring Cup, a gathering of community members who are dealing with the loss of a loved one, will meet at the David-Donehower Funeral Home in Detroit Lakes on the second Wednesday of every month; the Furey Funeral Home in Frazee on every third Wednesday, and West-Kjos Funeral Home in Detroit Lakes on every fourth Wednesday. All meetings take place from 10:30 to 11:30 a.m., and offer a relaxed time to face the challenges of life after loss, together. For more information, call Mary Swenson at 218-847-4147.
TOPS Meeting: The local chapter of Take Off Pounds Sensibly (TOPS) meets weekly on Thursday mornings at St. Luke's Episcopal Church, 1400 Corbett Road, Detroit Lakes. Weigh-in begins at 8:15 a.m., meeting at 9 a.m. Contact Toni Christen at 646-954-4371 for more information. All are welcome. Come visit and see who we are and what we are all about.
Trivia Nights: Lakeside Tavern in Detroit Lakes hosts a Trivia Night every Monday from 7 to 9 p.m. Event takes place in Lakeside Tavern's upstairs space, so seating is limited. Open to the public.
GED/Adult Diploma Instruction: If finishing high school is still on your “to-do” list, it is never too late!! Lakes Area Adult Education is open and ready to help you meet your goals. Orientation sessions for GED or Adult Diploma classes take place twice a month, so get in touch and get started now! Call 218-844-5760 or email 
    
      slandsem@detlakes.k12.mn.us
    
      . Additional Adult Education offerings and associated flyers can always be found at 
    
      dlschools.net/departments/community-education.

Free ESL Instruction: Free English as a Second Language instruction is offered for adults in the Detroit Lakes Area, every Monday through Thursday (holidays excepted) at Lakes Area Adult Education. The schedule is flexible and individualized. Call 218-844-5760 or email 
    
      slandsem@detlakes.k12.mn.us
    
       for more information. Additional Adult Education offerings and associated flyers can always be found at 
    
      dlschools.net/departments/community-education.

Minnesota Driver's License Exam Preparation: Detroit Lakes Adult Basic Education offers virtual classes that are designed to help unlicensed adult drivers become familiar with vocabulary, signs and rules of the road so they can successfully pass the written portion of the Minnesota Driver’s License Exam. Call 218-844-5760 or email 
    
      slandsem@detlakes.k12.mn.us 
    
      for more information. Additional Adult Education offerings and associated flyers can always be found at 
    
      dlschools.net/departments/community-education.

DL Cloggers: The DL Cloggers meet to dance and socialize every Tuesday (excluding holidays) at 1 p.m. in the basement of Detroit Lakes VFW Post 1676. No prior dance experience necessary. For more information, call Ruby at 218-847-7741.
HR Connect: The Detroit Lakes Chamber is hosting an opportunity for human resources professionals, business owners and managers to connect, every first Thursday of the month at 8:15 a.m. at the Chamber office at 700 Summit Ave. Discuss human resource topics, share best practices and review data to help attract, retain and grow the workforce for the lakes region. Event is free for Chamber members, $10 for non-members.
Library Storytime: The Detroit Lakes Public Library offers weekly Preschool Storytime sessions every Thursday, and Family Storytime every Saturday, both at 10:30 a.m. Preschoolers and their caregivers/families are invited to join library staff for stories, flannel boards, finger plays, songs and more. This early literacy experience explores a different theme each week and is a way to encourage young children to enjoy reading. Call 218-847-2168 for more information.
Baby Bounce: Songs, stories, and action poems for infants, toddlers and their caregivers are offered every Monday at the Detroit Lakes Public Library at 10:30 a.m. Program runs about a half hour including playtime and chatting with other caregivers. For ages 0-18 months. Call 218-847-2168 for more information.
Alcoholics Anonymous: Detroit Lakes' Alano Club meets at 827 Summit Ave. on the following days and times: Sundays at 1 p.m., 12x12 open meeting; Tuesdays at 7 p.m., Big Book open meeting; Wednesdays at noon, Grapevine open meeting; Wednesdays at 6 p.m., women's open meeting; Thursdays at 7 p.m., Intro to AA open meeting; Saturdays at 7 a.m., men's open meeting; Saturdays at 9 a.m., Women's Big Book closed meeting; Saturdays at 8 p.m., open topic meeting. There are no dues or fees for meetings. For more information, call 218-844-9970 or the District 3 AA Helpline at 877-833-2327.
Holy Rosary Al-Anon Meeting: There will be an Al-Anon meeting every Thursday, starting at noon, inside Holy Rosary Catholic Church, 1043 Lake Ave., Detroit Lakes.
Overeaters Anonymous: A 12-step program for those who struggle in their relationship with food, Overeaters Anonymous continues to meet at noon every Tuesday at Holy Rosary Catholic Church in Detroit Lakes. There is no charge to attend. Contact Debbie C. at 218-234-3071. Another group also meets on Sunday nights at 6 p.m. via Zoom. This is a change of venue as of Oct. 9. Please call Sharon R. at 1-701-388-7585 or Hailee S. at 1-701-212-7904 for information if you plan to join the Zoom meeting. There is no charge to participate.
Compiled by Vicki Gerdes for the Detroit Lakes Tribune.
ADVERTISEMENT