By
Em Casalena
Fans of jazz, piano, and/or Lady Gaga might just love this recent announcement from the “Rain On Me” singer. Lady Gaga has decided to relaunch her Las Vegas residency at Dolby Live/Park MGM this summer! The Lady Gaga Jazz & Piano Tour was wildly successful on its previous run, and the singer/songwriter is ready to give fans even more. The upcoming performances will feature jazzy covers of songs from artists like Cher and Frank Sintra, as well as original songs from Gaga.
The Lady Gaga 2024 Residency will kick off on Wednesday, June 19 in Las Vegas, Nevada at Park MGM. The final date for the eight-night residency is Saturday, July 6. Each performance will start at 8:00 pm. 
A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga)
Ready to get those seats? The presale event for this residency has already passed and tickets are now available for general sale. Ticketmaster seems to be the main platform to get tickets, but fans can also reserve their spot at the Lady Gaga Jazz & Piano Tour on Stubhub.
Stubhub is a great spot to score last-minute tickets to high-profile concerts like this residency, and purchases are backed by the FanProtect Program. No scams, fake tickets, or fraudulent transactions. It’s a really great secondary ticketing platform worth checking out!
This will be the second Vegas residency that Gaga has performed since the passing of her jazz-singer collaborator Tony Bennett.
“Tony would not want me to be sad on stage,” Gaga said during last fall’s residency. “There is an audience out there.”
Tickets are going to sell out soon for this residency, so get your tickets now!
Wednesday, June 19
Thursday, June 20 
Thursday, June 27 
Saturday, June 29 
Sunday, June 30 
Wednesday, July 3 
Friday, July 5 
Saturday, July 6 
Photo by Rich Fury
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand