Joaquin Phoenix as Arthur Fleck and Lady Gaga as Lee Quinzel in "Joker: Folie à Deux."Niko Tavernise
So the Joker has a girlfriend.
Given the events of the first film, we’re left to ask some questions.
First, is she real?
And if she’s real, does she actually return his affections, or is this all a product of Arthur Fleck’s mind?
With “Joker: Folie à Deux,” in theaters Friday, that is no longer such a central question.
Others take its place.
While the French term in the title translates to a madness, or delusion, shared by two, the introduction of one Harleen “Lee” Quinzel — the film’s Harley Quinn, played by Lady Gaga — comes with apparent recognition of her by other people in the story, like Arthur’s lawyer Maryanne Stewart, played by Oscar nominee Catherine Keener.
However, that does not mean everything happening between Lee and Arthur is happening in the Gotham that people can see.
In Todd Phillips’ sequel to “Joker” (2019), a long chain of jukebox musical interludes plucks songs from the Great American Songbook, including other movies and musicals. Some take place when Arthur is with other people. Others happen in the reality of his mind.
Arthur finds Lee — or, really, Lee finds Arthur — at the place where he spends most of time, Arkham State Hospital. (The former Essex County Isolation Hospital in Belleville plays the Gotham institution in the film.)
That’s the reality of his life. He’s incarcerated there after killing five people, or six including the murder no one knows about: his mother ... which he reminds us about the entire film.
The first “Joker,” which was nominated for best picture, won Joaquin Phoenix the Oscar for best actor and composer Hildur Guðnadóttir the Oscar for best score in 2020.
Phoenix is again one with the character of Arthur, but is Arthur one with himself? Was he ever?
When he's not in court, Arthur spends most of his time at Arkham State Hospital. Arkham scenes were filmed in New Jersey.Scott Garfield
In the 2019 film, we were living in Arthur’s head.
Now, people like his lawyer and the Dr. Louise Beatty (June Carryl), the psychiatrist working on his court case, believe that Joker is a personality split from his own to cope with his trauma — that it’s Joker who killed those people, not Arthur. Not the seemingly mild-mannered man they see before them ... despite the fact that he quite clearly executed talk show host Murray Franklin (Robert De Niro) on live TV in the first film.
This is a thread that connects to the opening of the film.
“Joker: Folie à Deux” starts not with the dreary, harsh Arkham that dominates much of the rest of the movie, but the bright colors of an animated short. It’s a “Me and My Shadow” story from French animator Sylvain Chomet (”The Triplets of Belleville”) that embraces the tradition of “Joker” studio Warner Bros.’ own “Looney Tunes.” Joker scraps with Arthur in the cartoon, stuffing the man into a closet as the shadow self takes over.
When we’re out of the cartoon and fully in drab Arkham mode, Arthur’s seemingly well-meaning lawyer and psychiatrist approach him with their theory, which is the strategy that Keener’s character uses to make the case for her client in court. But even Arthur looks skeptical, or unmoved, like he’s saying “I killed all those people — and one you don’t know about — and now you’re saying someone else did it?”
Lee, for one, was elated to see Arthur kill the talk show host. She tells him as much at Arkham, that she was waiting for him to blow Murray’s brains out — and then he did. She also tells him she burned down her family’s apartment building. Like many other people in Gotham, she’s seen the TV movie they made about Arthur (and insists it’s quite good).
The two meet because Jackie Sullivan, an alternately jolly and malicious guard at Arkham played by a memorable Brendan Gleeson (because when isn’t he memorable?), gets Arthur into a music class in a ward with lower security.
Arthur and Lee hardly sing one song before a connection is made. We eventually learn the real circumstances that brought her fire starter of a character to that place, ones that make their little meet cute about as spontaneous as Arthur’s daily medicine routine at Arkham.
Arthur and Lee’s romance is saturated by songs like “Get Happy,” “For Once in My Life,” “If My Friends Could See Me Now,” “The Joker,” “That’s Entertainment!” and many more. Both Gaga and Phoenix do the singing (even Gleeson busts out a bit of “When the Saints Go Marching In”).
The film’s tagline: “the world is a stage.”
The musical "Joker" sequel takes a spin through the Great American Songbook.Niko Tavernise
While much of the musical component is woven into the everyday scenes at Arkham, some get a glossy finish in Arthur’s mind, taking on a dream ballet quality on the moonlit rooftop of his imagination.
In serenading us through the Gotham gloom, “Folie à Deux” does a fine job of highlighting the slightly deranged quality that all musicals have as they thrust their stories into song, gleefully breaking with reality.
Another psychiatrist, Dr. Victor Liu (Ken Leung), who testifies as an expert during Arthur’s trial, believes he is performing Joker, performing the same mental illness that his lawyer thinks should qualify him for transfer to a treatment facility away from bleak Arkham. Liu says that while Arthur has other documented disorders, Joker is not the product of a split personality, but Arthur’s own narcissism and harmful behavior.
Despite the fact that Arthur is somehow always planting unwanted kisses on his lawyer, she tries to help him. While she guards against the crush of media right outside the Arkham gates and the intrusion of Lee, she allows one TV interview to be conducted inside Arkham — so Arthur can show the public a different side of him, what she believes to be the “real” him.
Of course, it goes as well as can be expected.
His whole existence is a spectacle, inside and outside Arkham. Clown-faced Joker supporters are still out there in those Gotham streets. In the last film, they seemed like a movement. We see less of them this time around, though Lee herself would certainly qualify as a certain strain of the Joker-faithful.
And while he’s withdrawn in the beginning, Arthur does perform — for his public, for his fellow inmates, and yes, maybe for himself. But for how long?
The first “Joker” was about a becoming, and maybe it had an easier job.
This movie flits from song to song in a way that can be slippery, somewhat mirroring Arthur’s fading grasp on Joker and what he represents. The character has an outsize reputation that precedes the man and a mythology that obscures some crucial truths about Arthur, whose fate will be decided in court.
When he isn’t in the state hospital, he’s being shuttled to and from his trial.
The court scenes are draining and drag on so much that even at this moment, it seems like the trial must still be going on somewhere in a kind of purgatory — one that somehow outdoes Arkham as far as punitive measures go.
The trial summons characters from the first film, including Sophie Dumond, the single mother Arthur was obsessed with, played by Zazie Beetz.
Lee Quinzel meets Arthur Fleck in Arkham, then sticks by his side as he heads to court. Niko Tavernise
A standout in these scenes is Leigh Gill, who plays another witness, Gary Puddles, an ex-co-worker of Arthur’s who testifies about his brutal attack. They were once friends, and Gary was decent to Arthur, which is the reason he gave for why he spared his life. But Arthur has left him traumatized, and he lets him know on the stand.
It’s one of the few times we get to see a victim hold Arthur to account, exposing the hurt and the pain he has caused in his lashing out against those who have hurt him. Maybe that’s why it’s such a refreshing scene, a break from both the musical numbers playing out in Arthur’s head and his conversations with Lee, where they treat his victims like a punchline.
Even outside the musicals in his head, Lee manages to be nearly everywhere Arthur is, so it’s sometimes kind of hard to believe she’s actually there.
Lady Gaga’s presence is similarly never in doubt, and quite a relief in variety show and “Sonny & Cher”-inspired numbers that grant some respite from the mostly stultifying courtroom scenes.
Yes, Joaquin Phoenix — we see you over there tap dancing, too. But it’s Gaga who shines in the scenes that inevitably play to her musical strengths, flexing her jazz and pop muscles to put on a real show.
You can’t help but want to see her more in the film, either as the Lee in the performances of Arthur’s mind or the Lee showing up in court, demanding a better seat.
“Joker: Folie à Deux,” rated R, runs 2 hours and 18 minutes and opens in theaters Friday, Oct. 4.
Thank you for reading. Please consider supporting NJ.com with a subscription.
Amy Kuperinsky may be reached at akuperinsky@njadvancemedia.com and followed at @AmyKup.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices