By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
The stars are always feeding us. Every day, Hollywood’s biggest names inspire us through their work in TV, film, music, sports. They also find themselves on our mood boards due to their drool-worthy wardrobes and eye-catching glam—especially their hair. Hairstylists around the world are flooded with requests to look like the industry’s It Girls and hottest hunks after said celebrities unveil new looks on the red carpet, runway, or small screen. 
This year, fan-favorite actors, models, and even athletes proved that bold colors, blunt chops, and manicured facial hair is more in than ever. Travis Kelce shocked football lovers and Swifties when he kicked off the NFL season with a grown-out mane complemented by clean shaven face. The look was drastically different from the fade and scruffy beard the Kansas City Chiefs tight end had rocked for years. 
Cincinnati Bengals’ quarterback Joe Burrow also switched things up, stepping out with platinum blonde locks during the NFL preseason in August. The LSU alum isn’t the only star to test out whether or not blondes have more fun. Both Zendaya and Rihanna went lighter earlier this year. After attending the 2024 Oscars with her signature warm brunette crown, Zendaya unveiled a honey blonde ‘do at the Challengers premiere in March. As the press tour continued, Zendaya’s hair appeared to get lighter, with the actress eventually settling on an icy hue. In April, Rihanna showed off bright blonde strands while celebrating her latest Fenty x Puma collection in London. While the star has donned a number of different hair colors through the years (we’re never going to be over her red hair during her “Loud” era), the newest hue marked her first major makeover since welcoming her sons RZA and Riot Rose with partner ASAP Rocky. 
Keep scrolling to see their transformations and more.
Angel Reese unveiled a bombshell blonde makeover at the 2024 CFDA Fashion Awards in New York City. The WNBA star ditched her brunette mane for ashy blonde tresses.
Jennifer Lawrence’s dirty blonde hair is constantly turning heads. Especially after she recently debuted bangs, which draw tons of attention to her eyes.
Zendaya might’ve stuck by her blonde hair for a while, but she just debuted new chocolate brown locks. 
Gaga has pulled off some major hair moments through the years, but most recently she had been rocking platinum strands. So, when she kicked off the Joker: Folie à Deux press tour with fiery red locks, we did a double take. The last time Gaga donned a fiery ‘do was at the 2016 Grammy Awards.
Jenner was nearly unrecognizable when she took to Instagram on September 11 to show off her “blonded” hair transformation. Since the debut, the supermodel, who is a natural brunette, has showed off the new look on the catwalk, specifically L’Oréal Paris’ Walk Your Worth show in Paris. 
The “Havana” singer briefly ditched her long locks and blunt fringe for a shaggy, wet asymmetrical lob during Paris Fashion Week.
Kelce said goodbye to his go-to fade and hello to a grown-out mane with a clean-shaven face at the NFL season opener on September 5. Kelce’s Kansas City Chiefs teammate Patrick Mahomes previously said that the tight end’s girlfriend, Taylor Swift, inspired Kelce’s makeover.
While promoting her fragrance line, Boyfriend Perfume, in August, Walsh debuted a blonde pixie cut. She took the look out on the town, attending the Giambattista Valli during Paris Fashion Week.
Khloé is proof that brunettes have more fun. The reality star has been playing around with darker strands for years now (that is after her coffee-colored days on Keeping Up With the Kardashians), and recently showed off a chocolate makeover.
At the start of Bengals training camp, the NFL quarterback unveiled an icy blonde buzz cut, which he’s maintained throughout the start of the 2024-2025 season. Burrow revealed during a press conference that he underwent the major change due to boredom. 
2024 is the year of the bob, and Fanning is one of the many celebrities to hop on the trend. The actress ditched her chest-length mane for a bouncy chop, which she unveiled in March. She’s kept up the look, showing it off at the 2024 Tony Awards.
Following the birth of her second son, Riot Rose, with partner ASAP Rocky, Rihanna switched things up with honey blonde hair. While she’s since returned to her jet-black made, the sunny makeover will forever be on our mood boards. 
After the 2024 Oscars, Zendaya took a trip to the salon and came out a blonde. The actress told Vogue that she dyed her hair for the Challengers press tour, calling it a “little reset.” 
In May, after rocking long wavy strands at the Met Gala, Biel revealed via Instagram that she “brought back the f–k ass bob.” In the clip, her tresses were cut into a blunt chop. 
Since the debut of Emily in Paris, it’s safe to say that Lily Collins is in her French girl era. At the premiere of the Netflix show’s season 4 in August, Collins showed off the perfect bob. Tres chic! 
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.