Culture
Strap in for a jukebox musical set in Gotham City.
Starring Joaquin Phoenix as The Joker and Lady Gaga as Harley Quinn, Joker: Folie à Deux injects the dark, supervillain story with a musical jukebox element. Ahead of the trailer’s April 9 drop (watch it below), Lady Gaga posted the poster on Instagram, which shows the Joker holding Harley Quinn in a dip, both of them bathed in an eerie green light. “The world is a stage,” the tagline reads, paraphrasing Shakespeare. 
Ahead, find everything to know about the movie ahead of its Oct. 4 release. 
In March, Variety reported the musical will contain up to 15 “very well-known songs,” along with the possibility of a couple of original songs. The report said one of the songs is rumored to be “That’s Entertainment” from the 1953 musical The Band Wagon, a ‘50s musical comedy starring Fred Astaire. 
While specific plot details have not been announced, the movie is a drama that takes place in and around DC universe’s Arkham Asylum. In addition to Phoenix and Lady Gaga, the cast includes Zazie Beetz, Catherine Keener, and Brendan Gleeson.
We don’t know much else right now, but if you want to get a sneak peek of the film ahead of the trailer, director Todd Phillips shared a few sultry film stills on Valentine’s Day.
The film released its first teaser trailer April 9, showing an unstable Phoenix laugh-sobbing in the pouring rain. 
In the extended trailer released the same day, we see the first hint of a spark between the Joker and Harley Quinn when they first spot each other through a crack in the doorway while he is being dragged away by guards. 
“I’m nobody,” she tells him. “I haven’t done anything with my life like you have.” But it appears the two misfits soon fall in love. (Cue the single spotlight on the Joker.) Suddenly, Harley Quinn is in a gown and he’s in a tux — with full Joker makeup — and they’re waltzing in the streets of Gotham City under the moonlight in a scene that recalls the romantic drama of Moulin Rouge.
We see a neon sign that reads “JOKER AND HARLEY” on a stage as well as Lady Gaga at a piano, donning more of Harley Quinn’s signature messy makeup in each shot. Based on the trailer, it appears we’re in for a musical about two weirdos in love, finding their place in the darkness of Gotham City.
This article was originally published on April 2, 2024