Pleasanton Weekly
Central Pleasanton will be abuzz with the sights, sounds and tastes of the county fair for the next three weeks and change. 
Arriving in town with a theme “That Summer Feeling”, the 2024 Alameda County Fair is set to open its 18-day run this Friday, featuring familiar fan favorites like amusement rides, carnival games, fried foods and cool drinks, horse racing, nightly concerts, artistic and agricultural exhibitions, crafts and retail vendors, and drone shows — plus some new attractions and special events to further pique interests. 
After this opening weekend, Pleasanton’s annual summer showcase at the fairgrounds at Valley and Bernal avenues is taking place on Wednesdays through Sundays through July 7, operating from 12-11 p.m. each day, except for shortened hours on Independence Day. 
Among the highlights on the schedule for debut day include the initial races on the nation’s oldest 1-mile horse track, “Madagascar” for Movies on the Lawn, a fireworks and drone show at 9:30 p.m. from the Stella Artois Grandstand and R&B and soul singer Johnny Gill (formerly of New Edition) kicking off the Big O Tires Concert Series. 
Friday will also mark the unveiling of attractions new to the fair this year including the Canine Stars Stunt Dog Show, a Raptor Show and the “Fields of Gratitude – #thankafarmer” exhibit that spotlights local agriculture contributions. 
New too in 2024 is the Foodie’s Choice Awards, which allows visitors to vote on the best culinary and libation creations in the “Crazy New Item” and “Red, White and Blue” categories. Balloting runs through June, with the winners set to be announced on Facebook Live on June 30.
“From the classic favorites like funnel cakes, corn dogs or deep-fried oreos to fresh global cuisine like gyros, ceviche or pineapple teriyaki bowls, we are proud to offer such a wide variety of fair foods,” Alameda County Fair COO Angel Moore said in a press release announcing the new food contest. “With over 100 different food and drink booths, there is something for everyone’s taste buds.” 
The fair is also highlighting the tasty treats on the grounds by offering its $3 Fair Food Bites on the next two Thursdays (June 20 and 27) at participating vendors. 
Another hallmark of the Pleasanton fair is racing. 
The fairgrounds’ historic track will host live horse races every Friday, Saturday and Sunday (plus Fourth of July), with post time at 1:45 p.m. 
Stakes competitions will get out of the gates this Saturday (June 15) with the Mary Clare Schmitt Oaks, followed by the She’s a Tiger Stakes on June 22, the Oak Tree Sprint on June 29, the Everett Nevin Stakes on July 7 and The Pleasanton Mile (with a $150,000 payout) on July 7.
Not to be outdone by their galloping four-legged peers, the new Corgi racing event will take over part of the track after each horse race on June 23, and the popular All Alaskan Pig Races return three times daily at the AgVenture Park. 
Animals and agriculture are integral to the identity of the annual fair. The small animals and livestock displays draw droves of people daily. The Junior Livestock Auction is set for closing day, July 7.
The indoor and outdoor exhibition areas will also highlight local talents in the creative competitions such as photography, quilting, jewelry, flowers, baking, collectibles and art. 
And speaking of special talents, opening weekend will bring together the best male and female competitive eaters in regional qualifying for the Nathan’s Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest on Saturday (June 15) at 1:30 p.m. 
Sunday will feature a special giveaway for Father’s Day, as well as Fiesta at the Fair celebrating Latin culture all day long. 
Colombian musical act Sonora Tropicana will play the concert series on Sunday night to round out fiesta day. Budding pop-country singer Ashley Cooke is the other concert performer for opening weekend, taking the stage on Saturday.  
It’s an eclectic mix as ever for the Big O Tires Concert Series throughout the fair. While reserved seats are sold out for headliner E-40 on June 20, pre-order tickets remain available for every other concert thus far, according to the fair website. (General admission bleacher seats can still be obtained for the Bay Area rap legend’s concert next Thursday, while supplies last that evening.)
Other notable original artists on the bill include Theory of a Deadman on Wednesday (June 19), Exposé next Friday (June 21), Russell Dickerson on June 26, The Fray on June 27, X Ambassadors on July 3 and Grammy-nominated country singer Hunter Hayes on July 5.
The rest of the series offers cover acts: Twist on Taylor (Taylor Swift tribute) on June 22, Corazón De Maná on June 23, Revisiting Creedence on June 28, Lady Winehouse: A Tribute to Amy and Gaga on June 29, Spice Wannabe on June 30, Fast Times: ’80s Concert Experience on July 6 and Sublime tribute 40oz to Freedom closing out the concerts on July 7.
“What’s great about our concerts is that there really is something for everyone,” Moore said in a press release. “Whether you’re a fan of classic rock, Latin fusion, pop, country or hip hop, we have it all.”
Just outside the concert venue, the Ava Community Energy Movies on the Lawn Series will bring family entertainment each evening as the sun sets. 
After “Madagascar” on Friday, opening weekend will feature “Finding Nemo” on Saturday and “Encanto” on Sunday. Other selections on the schedule include the likes of “Kung Fu Panda”, “The Lego Batman Movie”, “Lilo & Stitch”, “Up”, “Curious George” and “Trolls”.
Kids 5 years old and younger get into the fair for free, with a discount price available for children 6-12 years old — as well as for seniors 62 years old and up. Elementary school children in Alameda County also received a free admission ticket if their district opted in to the program during the school term, fair officials noted. 
Additional special admission promotions include military appreciation every day (one free ticket per valid military ID), First Responders’ Day on July 4, Pet Food Drive and $1 Rides next Wednesday (June 19), Feed the Need Food Drive and $1 Rides on June 26 and $1 Ride Day on July 3. Check the fair website for the discount timeframes.  
Other special events on the calendar include the Brew Fest next Saturday (June 22), the Wine Fest on June 29 and Blues at the Fair on June 30. The second (and final) fireworks and drone show is set for June 28 — there will be drone light shows on all other evenings, except for Fourth of July when the fair closes early at 8 p.m. for the holiday.
And across the grounds there will be a range of hands-on (and hands-off) displays, live entertainment such as motocross, comedy and music, vendor booths (artistic/crafts and commercial retail), special demonstrations and more. 
For the full daily schedule, ticket purchases and other information, visit annual.alamedacountyfair.com.

							Jeremy Walsh is the editorial director of Embarcadero Media Foundation's East Bay Division, including the Pleasanton Weekly, LivermoreVine.com and DanvilleSanRamon.com. He joined the organization in late...															
								More by Jeremy Walsh								

You must be logged in to post a comment.
Stay connected and well-informed about the latest local news and information, no matter where you are. Sign up now and be in the know.
© CopyrightEmbarcadero Media Foundation
 You’ve read all free articles for the month. 
Register now and getfive free articles every month.
Gain unlimited access to the Pleasanton Weekly.
Already have an account? Sign In.Trouble with your login information? Get help.

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

Privacy Policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.						

						Get the best of Pleasanton Weekly directly in your email inbox.					

						Sending to: