Lady Gaga and Michael Polansky’s engagement marks a new chapter in the superstar’s life, bringing joy to fans worldwide. Polansky, a tech entrepreneur and investor, complements Gaga’s dynamic personality. Recently, fans spotted the celebrity power couple at the 2024 Olympics. Gaga and Polansky, who have been together since early 2020, have shared numerous heartfelt moments, showcasing their deep connection. 
Michael Polansky accompanied Lady Gaga to the Summer Olympics in Paris. The 13-time Grammy winner performed during the opening ceremony along the Seine River. On July 28, she enjoyed the games from box seats and spoke with French Prime Minister Gabriel Attal. In a video posted to Attal’s official TikTok account, fans could hear Gaga introducing Polansky as her “fiance.”
According to People, the pair has been engaged for “several months.” Lady Gaga and Polansky announced their commitment on the “Poker Face” singer’s 38th birthday in March. So, they like got engaged shortly after their appearance at the Super Bowl LVIII. Polansky, 46, is seven years older than Gaga. As People reports, they would “love to have a family.”
Polansky and Gaga, who debuted their relationship in 2020, rooted for the San Francisco 49ers, who competed against the Kansas City Chiefs at Super Bowl LVIII. The Harvard graduate, who completed an applied mathematics and computer science at the Ivy League in 2006, is now the chief executive officer of The Parker Group.
As the tech investor began accompanying Gaga to professional and personal events, the pair grew closer. Polansky ducked his head low in 2023 as they headed to a Saturday Night Live afterparty. The engaged couple doesn’t appear in front of the paparazzi often. But, when they do, Gaga and Polansky seem comfortable and at ease in each other’s presence. 
 Blink, and you missed him! Michael Polansky accompanied Gaga to President Joe Biden’s inauguration on January 20, 2021. At the U.S. Capitol, he sat alongside the iconic entertainer after she sang “The Star Spangled Banner,” smiling warmly as she introduced him to political icons like Hillary Clinton. 


			Lady Gaga’s Producer Didn’t Want to Make  Any Music After ‘Artpop’		

Before Polansky and Gaga were first spotted in December 2020 — kissing at a New Year’s Eve party! — the “Bad Romance” singer was engaged to Christian Carino. She dated the talent agent from 2017-19. Gaga’s first engagement was to Zero Dark Thirty star Taylor Kinney as they dated from 2011-16. Time will tell how she navigates planning for the future concerning her third engagement.