Lady Gaga shared the lavish gift she received from fiancé Michael Polansky for Valentine’s Day, which played a key role in the making of her upcoming album.
Lady Gaga’s got a million reasons to love her fiancé Michael Polansky. 
As the Grammy winner began working on her upcoming seventh studio album, her husband-to-be made quite the grand gesture to contribute to her creative process.
“For Valentine’s Day, he said, ‘I have a surprise for you,’” she told Rolling Stone in a video published Dec. 9. “He turned his office into a music studio. I mean, it’s kind of romantic!”
The entrepreneur—who shares a co-writing credit on Gaga’s latest single, “Disease”—also showed his support through words of affirmation.
“Something that Michael said to me every day that I was working is, ‘Go do what you were born to do,’” Gaga, 38, recalled. “‘And do it with every cell in your body, and have fun and be confident in your music.’”
The couple, who confirmed their engagement over the summer, first met at a party hosted by Napster co-founder Sean Parker in 2019, and Gaga previously credited the 2020 COVID-19 lockdowns for allowing their romance to blossom.
“It was really kind of special,” she told Vogue in September. “I’d been so focused on my career since I was a teenager. And the gift of that time was that I got to completely focus on my relationship. I met this totally supportive, loving human being who wanted to get to know me—outside of Lady Gaga.”
Similarly, Michael echoed just how important the mundane time they had together helped build their foundation—and let her separate herself from her superstar persona.
“We had this amazing chapter of a weird kind of normalcy that’s essential for any relationship to develop in a real way—taking walks, making coffee, hanging out with the dogs, reading books together,” he told the outlet. “I think she loved the chance to slow down.”
For more proof that Gaga and Michael are definitely not caught in a bad romance, keep reading.
A Romance is Born
Following her 2019 split from boyfriend Christian Carino, Lady Gaga and Michael Polansky were spotted sharing a kiss on New Year's Day in January 2020. 
Insta Official
Gaga made her new romance social media official in February 2020, sharing a photo of her sitting on Michael's lap at the Super Bowl on Instagram with the caption, "We had so much fun in Miami. Love to all my little monsters and fans, you're the best!"
Private in Public
Despite keeping a low profile since the start of their relationship, Gaga has let her love for Michael, an entrepreneur and former CEO of the San Francisco-based Parker Group, shine through over the years, sharing a photo of the two in March 2020 with the caption, "I've got a STUPID love."
The Oscar winner also called Michael "the love of my life" during an April 2020 interview with MSNBC's Morning Joe.
And in March 2021, he surprised her with a massive flower arrangement for her 35th birthday, prompting Gaga to share on Instagram, "I love you honey. I can't wait to be home with you and our dogs, that's all I need."
House of Love
Also in 2021, following the February attack on her French bulldogs and dog walker Ryan Fischer, the "Born This Way" singer made a rare comment about her and Michael's life together, telling The Hollywood Reporter, "My dogs and the man that I love are my whole life."
Watch As They Dive In
Rumors of an engagement between Lady Gaga and Michael first started swirling in April 2024 when Gaga stepped out wearing a massive diamond ring on that finger. But at the time, the duo were keeping tight-lipped on the rumors.
I Want Your Love
Days after Gaga kicked off the 2024 Summer Olympics in Paris, performing Zizi Jeanmaire's "Mon Truc En Plumes" at the opening ceremonies, she finally confirmed the engagement, introducing him as her "fiancé" during a conversation with French Prime Minister Gabriel Attal July 28.
Red Carpet Official
The two made their red carpet debut as a couple at the premiere of Joker: Folie à Deux at the Venice Film Festival Sept. 4, 2024.
Red Hot Couple
Michael joined Gaga at the premiere of Joker: Folie à Deux in London later in September 2024.
The singer said on the Graham Norton Show that the two had actually gotten engaged on April Fools' Day.
"Actually, I thought he was joking and he was not," Gaga said. "But it was really nice."
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.