Entertainment
  



      Entertainment
  

Lady Gaga told fans she was not pregnant on TikTok.
Taylor Swift (left) and Lady Gaga (right) have never collaborated but have supported each other online on a few occasions. (Photos: Reuters/Mario Anzuoni, Reuters/Lucas Jackson)

       This audio is generated by an AI tool.
    
Taylor Swift is branding the Lady Gaga pregnancy speculation “invasive and irresponsible”.
The Bad Blood singer, 34, hit out after fans and commentators filled the internet over the weekend with theories that Gaga, 38, was expecting a baby after she attended her sister Natali Germanotta’s wedding rehearsal dinner in a black mini dress that some insisted showed she had a baby bump.
Swift has now written under a video posted by Gaga to deny she was pregnant: “Can we all agree that it’s invasive and irresponsible to comment on a woman’s body? Gaga doesn’t owe anyone an explanation and neither does any woman. (Kiss emoji.)”
Swift’s support for Gaga comes a day after the Poker Face singer told fans she was “not pregnant” in a message on TikTok alongside a video of her working amid mounting speculation she was going to be a mum for the first time.
Gaga also used her message to quote Swift’s lyrics from her new song Down Bad from her Tortured Poets Department album and said on TikTok: “Just down bad cryin’ at the gym.”
Gaga turned up at her sister’s wedding with her 46-year-old rumoured fiance, entrepreneur Michael Polansky.
Even though Swift and Gaga have never collaborated, the pair have supported one another online on a string of occasions, including in January last year when Gaga praised Swift for speaking out about her eating disorder in a resurfaced clip from her 2020 documentary Miss Americana.
Gaga – who has also been open about her history of eating disorders – commented on the clip online: “That’s really brave everything you said (black heart emoji) wow.”

      Subscribe to CNA's Recommended Read
  

      A single handpicked story that we think you shouldn't miss. Just one a day.
  
Get our pick of top stories and thought-provoking articles in your inbox
Stay updated with notifications for breaking news and our best stories
Get WhatsApp alerts
Join our channel for the top reads for the day on your preferred chat app
Copyright© Mediacorp 2025. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved.
We know it's a hassle to switch browsers but we want your experience with CNA to be fast, secure and the best it can possibly be.
To continue, upgrade to a supported browser or, for the finest experience, download the mobile app.
Upgraded but still having issues? Contact us