“Joker: Folie à Deux,” which was released in movie theaters on Oct. 4, 2024, is a sequel to the movie “Joker,” released in 2019. Directed by Todd Phillips, this sequel brings something different to the table, blending psychological drama with elements of musical theater. 
Based on DC Comics characters, the Joker (Arthur Fleck) gets impersonated by his shadow and then violently acts out. These actions lead his lawyer to believe he suffers from dissociative identity disorder, making his shadow the one responsible for the crimes he committed. While in custody at Arkham State Hospital, Arthur meets Harleen Lee Quinzel (Lady GaGa), who expresses her interest in Arthur’s personality. She starts a romantic relationship with him that unfolds as her true manipulative and violent side comes to light. The film explores the complexities of their relationship, painting a portrait of love intertwined with chaos and insanity.  
Warner Bros. set the film to make $375 million during the film’s lifetime, so the studio is projected to lose $125 million to $200 million during the film’s run. Compared to the first “Joker” movie, which made over $1 billion, this one seems to be a flop.  
While the film has crime, action and drama like a typical villain movie, this film adds an unexpected twist. It is a jukebox musical. It is a musical film where the songs are not original to the cast, unlike traditional musicals, but the songs are known and very popular. Some songs on the Joker’s soundtrack are “I’ve Got the World On a String” by Harold Arlen, “If You Go Away” by Jacques Brel and “That’s Life” by Dean Kay.  The musical-type scenes highlight Arthur’s mental disorder controlling his mind. 
“Wicked,” another movie with a musical twist, will be released in movie theaters Nov. 22. This movie is a modern take on “The Wizard of Oz.” Like the Broadway show released in 2003, this film is a musical. Unlike “Joker,” it is not a jukebox musical but a traditional musical fantasy film.  
Critics say this film was a “commercial failure”. With a 1.8 rating, this movie did not live up to its expectations. It has a score of 33% on Rotten Tomatoes, which is 35% lower than the 68% score the 2019 Joker movie got. According to IMDb public reviews, there are many mixed feelings about the reason for the negative reviews. Some say that it is not a sequel to the original “Joker,” and some people think Lady Gaga’s role could have been a lot more powerful.  
The main reason this film has so many negative reviews is because many people think the songs did not need to be added to the movie; they had no purpose. The original “Joker” movie had no musical tang to it, so many fans of the franchise were confused. The characters paused many scenes to break out in song and dance, which you wouldn’t expect from a DC Comics film. Also, the songs did not add to the plot. The songs did not make the movie flow: They kind of randomly popped out. The actors sang more than 15 different songs, so the music was way too repetitive. The songs make it less like a normal “Joker movie” and take the tension away from the dramatics filmmakers are trying to be portray, making it much more like a musical.  
The amazing pop star Lady Gaga played a big role in this film; some critics say filmmakers could have better used her talents. Some people wished to see her more in the film since it was a musical, as Gaga is known for her music career. 
This movie has too much going on with the jukebox musical, court drama action and old-time DC comic violence. Many people were disappointed the film received so much attention. 
While this film was unsuccessful, the musical “Wicked” may have a different outcome. The Broadway production of “Wicked” won many awards including three Tony Awards, a Grammy and six Drama Desk Awards. This means the film’s fan base is already large. The musical aspect is expected and what will make this film stand out.  
According to CBS News, many fans believe this movie will exceed expectations and help boost the success of other “Wizard of Oz” spin-offs like “Return to Oz” and “The Wonderful Wizard of Oz.” People are expecting the film to be visually stunning, with cool effects and the original Wizard of Oz animals; it is going to be a must-watch. The film’s production has a budget of 72.5 million dollars. As well as the incredible cast with Ariana Grande and Jeff Goldblum. Fans believe that these stars will take this film over the top.  
Critics say that Ariana Grande was born to play the role of Glinda and Cynthia Erivo’s vocals make Elphaba her own. Some even say that the film's production team and performances could lead to Oscar consideration. What makes this film go above and beyond is that it has many Broadway stars like Michelle Yeoh, Jeff Goldblum and Peter Dinklage. These stars will significantly enhance the musical feel of the film. These actors have a deep understanding of their characters and will really make this musical one of a kind.  
The Daily Rundown is published Monday through Friday and gives you a quick look at the day's top stories.
Friday's weekly recap will let you catch up on the most important and most popular stories of the week.
Find out what the IDS is saying about IU basketball. The Monday edition, distributed during the IU basketball season, includes links to articles, columns, podcasts and more.
See the top stories every weekday