By 

	Tomás Mier


Lady Gaga‘s appearance on Carpool Karaoke‘s Christmas special featured a sweet moment with Brian Johnson. In one part of her drive with Zane Lowe in the episode that premiered on Apple TV+, the “Disease” singer is surprised by the AC/DC frontman, and they join forces for a rendition of “Highway to Hell.”

	“Hello, my darling,” says Johnson as he approaches the car, surprising Gaga who starts laughing in shock. “My little Lady Gaga. My little darling.”

	“Oh, my God! You brought me Brian Johnson?” says Gaga with a smile.

	Johnson takes the wheel of the Range Rover as Gaga declares: “This is the moment!”
The new Carpool Karoke is available on Apple TV+ and worldwide on December 20th | #ladygaga #ladygagadisease #acdc #rock #pop #karaoke #carpoolkaraoke #music #musicnews #fan #stan #zanelowe #pop #chappellroan #dualipa 

	Johnson and Gaga then start to duet “Highway to Hell,” with Gaga and Johnson lending their raspy, complementary vocals on the 1979 rock classic. At one point, Gaga and Johnson hold hands as Gaga helps redirect the steering wheel.

	“I got it! I’m using my secret weapon,” says Johnson with a laugh as Gaga responds, “We’re all gonna die!”

	










	Then Gaga makes a revelation to Johnson. “You wanna hear something funny? I was in the ‘Stiff Upper Lip’ video,” Gaga tells Johnson. 

	“No you weren’t!” responds Johnson.

	“I was 17, and I was an extra in the back. I was headbanging and they were like, ‘Hmmm. Don’t head bang, we want it to be modern,'” said Gaga. “And I was like, ‘No, there’s only one move that I can do.’”

	In an earlier part of the episode, Gaga shows a video of her grandmother scream-singing the lyrics to “Highway to Hell” amid cackles. “She had a really hard life and she was the most positive person, no matter what,” Gaga explains to Lowe. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	The special, A Carpool Karaoke Christmas, also stars Dua Lipa and Chappell Roan, who brings along her parents for the ride in Missouri.

	“What she stands for is a lot of hope, but what she has taught me as a father is respect for other people and all people,” says Roan’s dad says in one part of the episode. “That’s what I want people to understand: Everything that’s about her is about loving everybody, and she has taught me that.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.