Taylor Swift has slammed speculation surrounding Lady Gaga's alleged pregnancy as "invasive and irresponsible". The 34 year old 'Bad Blood' singer took to the internet to defend Gaga, 38, after rumours circulated this weekend suggesting Gaga was expecting.
The rumours were based on her appearance at her sister Natali Germanotta's rehearsal dinner, where she wore a black mini dress that some fans interpreted as hinting at a baby bump. Under a video posted by Gaga refuting the pregnancy speculations, Taylor ranted: "Can we all agree that it's invasive and irresponsible to comment on a woman's body? ".
She continued: "Gaga doesn't owe anyone an explanation and neither does any woman. (Kiss emoji.)" This comes after Gaga reassured her fans via TikTok that she is "not pregnant", quashing the wild assumptions that she would be becoming a mum for the first time.
Gaga even referenced Taylor's recent hit 'Down Bad' from her new album 'Tortured Poets Department' in her denial video, stating: "Just down bad cryin' at the gym."
READ MORE: First Minister's Taylor Swift gesture branded 'humiliating moment in Scottish history'
Lady Gaga attended her sister's wedding alongside her rumoured 46 year old fiancé - entrepreneur Michael Polansky. Despite never having worked together, Swift and Gaga have consistently shown mutual support on numerous occasions online.
Last January, Gaga praised Taylor for openly discussing her struggle with an eating disorder in a resurfaced clip from her 2020 documentary, 'Miss Americana'.
Taylor opened up about her struggle with an eating disorder as a young star, revealing that she "wasn't eating" and "exercised a lot" to conform to societal beauty standards.
She expressed: "There is always some standard of beauty that you're not meeting, 'cause if you're thin enough then you don't have that a** that everybody wants. "But if you have enough weight on you that you have an a** then your stomach isn't flat enough. It's all just f****** impossible.
"Gaga, who has also been candid about her own battle with eating disorders, responded to the clip online, saying: "That's really brave everything you said (black heart emoji) wow. ".
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.