As a beauty journalist, I've had the opportunity to try out dozens of products each month, resulting in a frequently rotating skincare and makeup routine. However, the products that I find myself reaching for daily are truly worth it, and one such product is a celeb-adored moisturiser that's currently on sale.
The Embryolisse Lait-Creme Concentre is a viral sensation, with one being purchased every 13 seconds. It's also a favourite among A-listers like Kim and Khloe Kardashian, Syndey Sweeney, Perrie Edwards, Lady Gaga, Michelle Keegan and many more.
French skincare has become quite popular and will continue to be a trend in 2024, and the Embryolisse moisturiser is a perfect example of this. This multi-tasking lotion, primer, mask, after-shave product, and makeup remover boasts a rich formula containing essential fatty acids and vitamins that reduce irritation, especially after shaving, and plump skin for firmer results.
READ MORE: M&S shoppers rave about 'gorgeous' knitted top that's 'perfect for warmer days'
READ NEXT: Skincare fans snag £59 Medik8 serum for under £7 in LookFantastic deal
Typically priced at £21.99 for a 75ml bottle, the product has recently been discounted at several retailers, including Amazon where it's now £13, and Lookfantastic where it's reduced to £17.09.
Dubbed the 'anti-ageing wonder cream' by numerous makeup artists, this multi-tasking product is rich in essential fatty acids and vitamins, making it ideal for achieving smooth, supple and wrinkle-free skin.
Makeup artist Emily Clarkson revealed that she uses Embryolisse on all her celebrity clients, including Perrie Edwards, Michelle Keegan and Nina Nesbitt. She said: "Embryolisse has been such a staple in my kit since I first started make-up, it provides you with the most beautifully hydrated skin before applying any foundation, which is such a key part for the overall finish of a look."
"I love to apply a generous amount into my hands and warm it through then massage it into the skin with an upwards motion, instantly lifting and hydrating the face. I absolutely love introducing my clients to the brand and seeing how great their skin looks in just a matter of weeks! ".
"I am never without Lait-Creme Concentre at work. I use it on both TV and red-carpet appearances with clients such as Michelle Keegan, Perrie Edwards and Cath Tyldseley. I also love to use it on music videos with Nina Nesbitt as it's perfect for all skin types and even those with sensitive skin like myself! "
She first tried out the cream for herself in March 2022, and it's been a staple on her skincare and makeup routine ever since. She initially bought a smaller 30ml bottle, and once she used it all up, snapped up the larger size, which she's still using.
A little goes a really long way with this cream, and the tubes last so long - so much so that the packaging has even had a revamp since her last repurchase.
I discovered the moisturiser's texture to be quite light, yet not runny, which made it a breeze to apply after cleansing. It left my skin feeling silky smooth without any oily aftermath, just a radiant glow where it was needed.
I usually keep it in my makeup bag for pre-makeup application. It makes my foundation glide on effortlessly and provides a dewy look that leaves my skin looking vibrant and nourished.
In the colder months, I sometimes opt for a heavier application at night, allowing ingredients like shea butter, beeswax, and aloe vera to work their magic while I sleep.
Numerous shoppers have given the product top marks on Cult Beauty, with accolades such as 'the best primer' and 'a skincare essential. '
One customer commented: "I have bought this multiple times because of how much I love it. The best skin prep for makeup and for all the primers I've tried this is the best! I have sensitive and oily skin and this doesn't clog up my pores or feels too thick on this skin. Would highly recommend! "
Another added: "No wonder this is a cult product! Sits very well under makeup without being heavy or greasy, doesn't interfere with foundation and helps me look Dewy all day."
When it comes to celebrity backing, model Karlie Kloss has said: "Embryolisse is where it's at. It's just a really good light cream - not too oily and not too thick," while Gwyneth Paltrow has praised it as a "Miracle moisturiser."
Even Lady Gaga is a fan of the Embryolisse Lait-Creme Concentre moisturiser, using it to keep her skin hydrated and to remove makeup at the end of the day. She remarked: "I put it all over my face and just wipe it off."
While the Persian cream has its devotees, some have found its texture too rich, leaving their skin feeling 'greasy' rather than radiant.
For those seeking a similar French pharmacy skincare experience, La Roche-Posay's Effaclar Duo+ Anti-Blemish Cream is another top-notch multi-purpose product worth considering.
Yet, for an all-in-one moisturiser that truly delivers and comes with an affordable price tag, the Embryolisse Lait-Creme Concentre Moisturiser has completely changed my skin game, and I'm holding out hope that one day I'll wake up with a complexion akin to Michelle Keegan's.
You can keep up to date with the latest What's On news by signing up to the newsletter here.
A version of this review first appeared on MirrorOnline.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.