By
			
			Amy DeVore		

Jennifer Lawrence is a rabid fan of the Real Housewives series. So when A24 Films and Apple TV needed a co-producer and a star for their new Housewives-styled murder mystery movie, Jennifer said bet. As this film reportedly mirrors Bravo’s hit franchise, we can likely expect to find campy storylines, glam squads, wealth, open bars, petty fights, and relationship-related dramas on the menu. Jennifer and Nicole Kidman are starring in this film, which is currently titled The Wives. Yet I can already picture other actresses who would understand this assignment, and all would come in hot, eager to show off their inner Housewives personas like pros. 
As for their resumes, all of these picks have the talent. They also each have a Bravo star or two who mirrors their ways. In addition, each has spoken out about their love of this franchise, making this unofficial casting list track even more.
The actress and model Chrissy Teigen loves Bravo. This beauty often takes to her socials, commenting on everything in sight. She lives for this ridiculousness, so if anyone knows how to act like a professional Housewives trainwreck, it’s her. Proving how much Chrissy loves this genre, she will soon pack up her belongings and head to the heart of the South African Bush, where she will earn herself a co-producer credit, filming on a new reality television series that is, for now, titled, On Safari.
However, as much as Chrissy loves the drama on the Real Housewives series, she hates the fighting. On Watch What Happens Live, she mentioned that this messy, sticky aspect is holding her back. She would join this series were it not so dark at times. Overall, Chrissy would prefer to be the fun girl, not the f*ck you and everything you stand for, girl. 
Therefore, I would love to see Chrissy finally getting her wish by being cast on The Wives. She could portray a silly, light-stakes Housewives character, like Sonja Morgan.
When Nicki Minaj offered to host the reunion for the Real Housewives of Potomac series, I died. But then, I had to resurrect myself, as Bravo made it happen. Therefore, I needed to watch it firsthand through my newly respawned eyes. When I tuned in, I watched Nicki ask many hard-hitting questions, showing how well she understands this franchise. 
Her questions resembled that of a detective, a type of character this network often sees. We all see you, Meghan King and Kristen Doute.
People who get to the bottom of the bullsh*t are my favorite on the Real Housewives series. Nicki also fits this bill, with shade to spare. When Nicki put Candiace Dillard on the spot, making her sing acapella to prove that she did not need autotune, I passed away for a second time. Therefore, I could see Nicki starring in The Wives, stirring the pot while quickly getting to the bottom of this scripted murder mystery storyline.
As for what Rihanna could bring to the table, have you heard this woman perform? Throughout the Real Housewives franchise, singers exist. Some have left us with solid bangers, while others have not. And no, I will not list names in this section, as I applaud all humans who take risks. 
However, Rihanna is multi-talented, so if she joined The Wives, she would come equipped with powerful vocals, making this film all the easier on our ears. Rhianna also loves the Bravo network. Like Chrissy, she often pops up online, revealing her hot takes on multiple series. Rihanna’s background knowledge means she understands how messy a Real Housewives character needs to be, and with her acting chops, I guarantee you, she’d nail it.
Cue her next album, A Good Girl Gone Bad(die) Housewives. But in all seriousness, the musical storylines often write themselves on Bravo. So now, it is time for Rhianna to join Jennifer’s new movie, morphing into a singing sensation, albeit on far less grander stages.
Nicola Coughlan once played a secretive pot-stirring journalist on Netflix via Bridgerton, one of her many hits. In Season 3, however, her secret leaked, but before this, after her tell-alls hit the presses, her character would sit back, watching as her fellow period players dealt with their various societal fallouts. Immediately, I can think of many pot-stirring Real Housewives stars. But not all of these stars are likable.
When she is not causing fires on Netflix, Nicola is watching Bravo. Even though she is an A-list actress, she still fan-girls over the stars on this network, making her all the more relatable. So, what do you get when you cross an actress who already carries a specific, borderline hush-hush skillset for messiness while still coming across as an innocent, likable character? I can think of at least two Real Housewives of Beverly Hills stars for this answer, but instead, I will only point out that you also get Nicola, who I’d love to see transforming into a Real Housewives star, stirring the pot on The Wives.
There are many Housewives who do fashion well. Some, however, consistently make bold choices with their ‘fits, like Chanel Ayan, who never shows up to an event without a cape, heels, headpiece, or a gown. And sometimes, Chanel wears all of these things at once. When I think about how Chanel’s high-end looks aid in her series, I can only think of one A-lister that could pull this sort of character off well.
Lady Gaga has worn everything from meat suits to feathery wings. Her range is off the charts. She is Chanel, and Chanel is Lady Gaga, at least where their wardrobes are concerned. But, as the Real Housewives series often centers around high fashion fits and ever-present glam squads, Lady Gaga would fit right in.
Speaking of fitting in, Lady Gaga loves the stars on Bravo. She’s met many of the Housewives. She has even stopped into WWHL, offering her opinions on their messy storylines. So if she watches Bravo and gives off the same fashionable, main character energy vibes as one of this franchise’s current stars, her casting on The Wives would make perfect sense.
Lady Gaga was born this way for this opportunity.
TELL US – WHICH ACTRESSES WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE STARRING IN JENNIFER LAWRENCE’S NEW FILM, THE WIVES? WHY WOULD THEY MAKE A GREAT REAL HOUSEWIVES CHARACTER?
Amy is a former teacher who used reality television as a form of escapism during her decade spent in the classroom. In addition to education, she also studied and performed long-form improvisation while mastering the art of comedic sketch writing via the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater in NYC. Amy has interviewed reality television stars from the Real Housewives and Below Deck franchises, as well as each of the winners from E!'s OMG Fashun.
Share article