On the Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are discussing all the A-list music moments so far at the summer games.

	The 2024 Summer Olympics only kicked off on Friday, and already we’ve seen huge moments from Lady Gaga, Celine Dion, Beyoncé and more music A-listers.

	It all started with the Opening Ceremony, which included all-French performances from Lady Gaga and Celine Dion, set in scenic landmarks across Paris, as well as a Team USA introduction from Beyoncé. Then we’ve seen music moments from Taylor Swift (her “Ready For It?” being used in an NBC Olympics ad), Snoop Dogg (he’s an NBC commentator), Flavor Flav (he’s the official sponsor and hypeman for women’s water polo) and Stray Kids (Mexican gymnast Alexa Moreno’s floor routine) too.

	










	On the new Billboard Pop Podcast (listen below), Katie & Keith talk about all the music highlights from the summer games (so far).

	Also on the show, we’ve got chart news on how K-pop rules the top two positions on the Billboard 200 albums chart for the first time ever, as the latest releases from Stray Kids and BTS’ Jimin debut at Nos. 1 and 2. Also, in the top 10 of the Billboard 200, the Twisters soundtrack blows in at No. 7 with the year’s biggest week for any soundtrack. Plus, could Taylor Swift get a lucky 13th week at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 next week with The Tortured Poets Department?

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.