30 March 2024

Lady Gaga’s boyfriend “let her shine” at her low-key 38th birthday celebration.
Lady Gaga’s boyfriend ‘let her shine’ at her low-key 38th birthday celebration
The ‘Poker Face’ singer ate at Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica, California, with a group of friends and her long-time boyfriend Michael Polansky, 46, who is also said to have made sure she got all she wanted on her big day on Thursday. (28.03.24)
A source told People about the pair: “They looked happy together. He let her shine and made sure she had everything she needed.”
The insider said Gaga and entrepreneur Michael arrived at the restaurant and she “seemed great”.
They said the singer and actress was dressed in an “edgy, biker-chic ensemble”, while Michael was “dressed very casually”.

The insider said they were joined by a “small group of friends” and celebrated in a private room, where they enjoyed a prix fixe menu of the celebrity-hotspot’s Italian specialities, including antipasti, pasta and steak.

They went on: “Gaga was smiling and laughing all night. It was a fun celebration.”

Gaga and Michael have been linked since early 2020, when they were photographed kissing at a New Year’s Eve party in Las Vegas.

Shortly after, the couple went Instagram-official after spending a weekend together in Miami for the Super Bowl LIV.

An insider told People at the time: “They weren’t shy about showing off PDA.

“They seemed very happy together.”

In November 2021, a source also told People Gaga is in no rush to get engaged to the businessman, saying the pair “almost act like a married couple already”.

They added: “When they are together, it’s obvious that Gaga is crazy about him. “She always giggles and touches him. They are very affectionate and have the best chemistry.”

Gaga also marked her birthday with a message on Instagram, posting a selfie of her with very little make-up, which she captioned: “Today has been so special – I can’t remember a time I was so happy on my birthday. 

“I am in love with my best friend, my family and friends are loving and kind and healthy. I feel like my heart is bursting with gratitude for my own health and MUSIC.”

She added she’s “writing some of my best music in as long as I can remember” and reminded fans her upcoming film ‘Joker: Folie à Deux’ will be released soon.


Tagged in  Lady GaGa


© 2025 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved.
duration : 0.08197s v4.2 - 2025-05-04 06:51:51