By 

	Nick Vivarelli

International Correspondent

	Fashion designer and creative director Nicola Formichetti, who has worked with Lady Gaga for over a decade, has been recruited by Saudi Arabia’s Film AlUla as mentor for its AlUla Creates initiative that is at the intersection of film and fashion.

	In his new role, the prolific Formichetti – who besides masterminding Lady Gaga’s instantly iconic meat dress has collaborated with Nicole Kidman, Bad Bunny and Olivia Rodrigo and created visual campaigns for global fashion houses such as Mugler, Diesel and Uniqlo – will “support the first wave of emerging Saudi design talent, as both the film and fashion pathways converge,” according to a statement.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How Indie Film and Los Angeles Can Help Each Other		
			








	“Nicola has consistently redefined the boundaries of style and culture, and his participation will not only enhance the quality of the program but will also spark the imagination of our designers and filmmakers, pushing them to new heights,” said Film AlUla executive director Charlene Deleon-Jones.




			Popular on Variety		






	Located in a swathe of northwest Saudi Arabia roughly the size of Belgium that comprises giant boulders, ancient artifacts, a lush oasis and sandstone canyons, AlUla is becoming a local film production hub and starting to attract international productions and talents.

	Hollywood productions shot in AlUla include Gerard Butler action-thriller “Kandahar” directed by Ric Roman Waugh.

	AlUla Creates aims to build a film-friendly ecosystem that can help drive both film and fashion with a new studio and digital creative hub and the possibility of tapping into development funds for projects by female directors. 

	In his mentorship role, Formichetti is guiding Saudi designers Alia and Abeer Olaif of Atelier Hekayat, and Arwa Al Ammari of ArAm, who is an alumni of the AlUla Creates initiative, through their first forays into the costume design world. He has also partnered with the winning directors of an AlUla Creates’ short films contest, Hana Alfasi and Maram Taibah as well as sisters Raneem and Dana Almohandes. Their films are currently in post-production following shoots in AlUla last month and are expected to premiere at film festivals later this year.

	Formichetti joins other previously announced AlUla Creates mentors including pioneering Saudi director Haifaa Al Mansour (“The Perfect Candidate,” “Wadjda”) and leading producers James Richardson and Jane Moore of Vertigo Films (“Monsters,” “Britannia”).

	










	“My experience working with filmmakers and designers in Saudi was very inspiring,” Formichetti said in a statement. “Despite being a new industry, it was evident that these creatives had clear sense of direction and a vision for their projects.”
The Business of Entertainment