By CHRIS WHITE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:46, 15 June 2024   |  Updated:  16:56, 15 June 2024   
 27
View  comments
While one candidate fawns over the celebrity left, the other loves no one as much as himself.
Social media will be one of the key battle grounds in this year’s presidential election between two men who each reached their prime long before the Internet age – Donald Trump, 78, and Joe Biden, 81.
And the Republican candidate has already give sitting president his first kicking – on TikTok.
Trump only joined the Chinese app on June 2, and amassed 5.7M followers within the first four days. Biden’s campaign launched theirs in February and it’s limped to 363,200 followers in four months.
In Trump’s first video, he is introduced by UFC president Dana White and takes selfies with fans at a UFC match in New Jersey.
Meanwhile, Biden’s and Trump's respective Instagram accounts reveal what we’ve long held true about the pair.
While Trump has amassed 24.6 million followers, only 47 accounts are worthy of being followed by him.
Trump reversed his support for a ban on TikTok in March, as he campaigns for president. Trump only joined the Chinese app on June 2 and has amassed 5.7M followers within the first four days
While Biden’s campaign launched theirs in February and it’s limped to 363,200 followers in four months. Campaign strategists suggest it would be difficult for Biden, 81, to find traction on TikTok, especially after signing a bill that could ban the platform
The vast majority of the accounts he does follow are, of course, connected to himself.
Trump Store, Team Trump, Trump Organization, Trump Tower, various Trump hotels and golf courses, it goes on and on.
Only his immediate family – well, the ones who back him to the hilt like sons Eric and Donald Jr – get a look in along with staunch allies such as Rudy Galliani and Fox News's Sean Hannity.
Trump also needs to stay up-to-date on the latest climate change denial and deep state conspiracy by following his favorite alt-right media such as Breitbart, Townhall Media, Newsmax and Right Side Broadcasting Network.
But the latest Instagram trends show that ’Teflon Don’s’ popularity is on the rise – unlike Biden’s.
As predicted by political commentators, Trump’s conviction of 34 felony counts of falsified business records has given him a massive boost with his IG followers up 271,290 in the last 30 days.
30After the New York jury found him guilty on May 30, his Instagram has been boosted by 151,113 newbies. 
Maybe Biden just loves a bit of showbiz gossip… why else follow Hailey Bieber or other celebs such as Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Garner, Alex Rodriguez, The Rock or Lady Gaga? 
Jennifer Lopezis another celeb Biden follows on Instagram
We can only guess what grabbed the sitting president's attention on the Instagram account of bikini model Martha Hunt, a Victoria’s Secret Angel?
Maybe Biden is checking out styling tips from Jonathan Van Ness, the grooming expert on the Netflix series Queer Eye?
Since officially stepping on the campaign trail in the past 12 months, Trump’s been rapidly increasing his following by up to 350k followers a month.
His regular personal attacks on Instagram of a 'Crooked' or 'Sleepy' Joe showing him falling asleep, forgetting his speeches or tripping over himself are working.
Biden’s personal Instagram, @joebiden, is clearly making many people doze off.
It has 17.1M followers, but in the last 30 days he’s lost 22,620.
From his inauguration in January 2021, his social media popularity has flatlined.
In the same time period that Trump has been adding on hundreds of thousands, Biden has been consistently losing 40 to 50,000-a-month, with October being a particularly dreadful month where he lost 123k.
The vast majority of the accounts Trump follow are, of course, connected to himself 
Trump Store, Team Trump, Trump Organization, Trump Tower, various Trump hotels and golf courses, it goes on and on
As maybe expected from someone his age, he’s hardly embraced Instagram since taking office.
Since his inauguration, Biden has followed six people – and five of those in the first three months. That means, since April 2021, he's followed one solitary person in three years.
It won’t surprise any Republican to know that leftie Hollywood is besotted with the Democrats – and vice versa.
Or maybe Biden just loves a bit of showbiz gossip… why else follow Jennifer Lopez, Leonardo DiCaprio, Hailey Bieber, Jennifer Garner, Alex Rodriguez, The Rock or Lady Gaga?
Could he be sat glued to YouTube, as he appears to be an avid fan of its influencers Dulce Candy and Eva Gutowski?
Or maybe he’s checking out styling tips from Jonathan Van Ness, the grooming expert on the Netflix series Queer Eye?
Biden’s personal Instagram, @joebiden, has 17.1M followers, but in the last few weeks he’s lost 22,620. From his inauguration in January 2021, his popularity has flatlined
What grabbed his attention on the Instagram account of bikini model Martha Hunt, a Victoria’s Secret Angel?
Out of the 108 people he follows, over a third – 37 – are bona fide celebs.
Nevertheless, Joe has stayed true to the causes close to his heart, like, Jeni’s Splendid Ice Creams.
At a White House women’s business summit, he spoke passionately about his long-term love, saying: 'My name is Joe Biden. And I eat Jeni’s Ice Cream, chocolate chip. I came down because I heard there was chocolate chip ice cream. By the way, I have a whole refrigerator full upstairs. You think I’m kidding, I’m not.’
All of the stats came from social media analytical site socialblade.com.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group