By 

	John Lonsdale


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Rolling Stone may receive an affiliate commission.

Update: After weeks of competition, unforgettable moments, and gold medals, the 2024 Paris Olympics end Aug. 11. Viewers can watch the closing ceremony on NBC, and streaming online with the services below, starting at 2 p.m. ET / 11 a.m. PT. Stream the 2024 Paris Olympics closing ceremony online with free trials to DirecTV Stream, fuboTV, Hulu + Live TV, or watch it on Peacock.

	The 2024 Summer Olympics have officially kicked off in Paris, with every event streaming on Peacock. As the games start to wind down, there’s been no shortage of must-see moments, from Simone Biles and Team USA earning a gold medal, to Stephen Nedoroscik helping the USA men’s gymnastics team win a bronze for the first time in years with his exhilarating pommel horse performance. The track and field events, meantime, have seen everyone from Noah Lyles walking away with gold, to Sha’Carri Richardson securing a silver medal (with more events to go). And, of course, all of Snoop Dogg‘s appearances.

	Thousands of athletes from around the world will go for the gold in the City of Light this summer, with events including gymnastics, soccer, tennis, basketball, and newer events like breaking, kayak cross, surfing, and skateboarding. Airing live on NBC, the Summer Olympics are also streaming on Peacock, including highly anticipated events featuring athletes from LeBron James to Ilona Maher.

	Can’t make it to Paris to watch the games? Here’s how to stream every Summer Olympics event at home.

	Here’s where to stream the Summer Olympics online — even if you don’t have cable. (All the streaming options below carry NBC.)

DirecTV Stream deserves its own gold medal for streaming services. The reason: Sports fans can watch the Paris Olympics online with a five-day free trial to the service. After that, a DirecTV Stream plan starts at $79.99 a month, which includes streaming access to local channels including NBC and national stations like the USA Network.

		DirecTV Stream is one of the most comprehensive live TV streaming services with up to 160+ channels, including local channels, regional sports networks, and all popular national channels. Packages start at $79.99 a month and all subscriptions start with a five-day free trial.	

	For the Olympics-obsessed viewer, Peacock checks all the boxes. The streaming service says it will broadcast all Summer Olympics events, the opening and closing ceremonies, in addition to replays and even documentaries. You can start a Peacock plan starting at $7.99 a month (or go for an annual package at $79.99).

		Peacock includes 50+ channels in its base subscription, starting at $7.99 a month. Peacock will stream all Summer Olympic events, plus event replays and more. Bonus: You can save an extra 17% over the year with a Peacock annual subscription, which costs $79.99.	

	Sports fans can livestream the Paris Olympics anywhere in the world by using a virtual private network, a.k.a., a VPN. We like using ExpressVPN, which lets you set your viewing location (legally) to wherever you want. That means that you can watch networks in other countries, including, say, Eurosport for watching events in the U.K. Right now ExpressVPN offers your first three months of streaming for only $6.67. 

		ExpressVPN offers internet access in up to 160 locations around the world, making it easy to tune into local networks to watch live sports coverage online. Plans start at $12.95 a month (but right now you can get three months free when signing up for an annual package). Plus: All your info will be kept secure and private.	


		Best Bundle	



Hulu + Live TV carries over 95 live TV channels in its monthly subscription. Plans start at $76.99 a month, and including local stations like NBC, along with streaming access for Disney+ and ESPN+. It’s easily the best streaming bundle out there — and one you’ll want to keep well past the three-day free trial.

		Hulu + Live TV bundles together all of Hulu’s own content, along with over 95 live TV channels that make it a cinch to watch most games online. Subscriptions also include ESPN+ and Disney+ at no additional cost. Hulu + Live TV costs $76.99 a month after a three-day free trial.	

	Another great live TV streamer for watching the Summer Olympics online, Sling TV carries NBC in its Sling Blue package. Plans start at $45 a month, but new subscribers get access for only $20 for their first month. The subscription lets you stream on up to three devices at once, and comes with 46 total channels, including USA.

		Sling is one of the most affordable live TV streaming services, with packages usually starting at $40 a month. You can get up to 46 channels in the Sling Orange + Blue plan, plus more with Sling’s add-ons.	

	Another streaming service we like for watching live sports is fuboTV. A fuboTV subscription carries local networks, including NBC, so you can watch the Summer Olympics online. It features a generous seven-day free trial, then costs $79.99 for the fuboTV Pro Plan.

		fuboTV offers up 275+ channels, with a ton of sports and local stations included in its plans. Packages start at $79.99 per month, with a seven-day free trial to start.	

	The Paris Olympics are available to watch with free trials to fuboTV, DirecTV Stream, Hulu + Live TV. You can also tune into the Paris Olympics without cable by using an HD antenna for smart TVs, like this option below on Amazon.



	$19.98



		Watch local channels, including ABC, NBC, and more (without committing to traditional cable TV). 	

	The Summer Olympics officially started with the opening ceremony on July 26, and wrap up on Aug. 11, 2024. Following the torch relay, which featured Snoop Dogg, the opening ceremony included a performance from Lady Gaga, who sang the song “Mon Truc En Plume” by Zizi Jeanmaire.



	“Although I am not a French artist,” Lady Gaga wrote online after her Paris Olympics performance, “I have always felt a very special connection with French people and singing French music — I wanted nothing more than to create a performance that would warm the heart of France, celebrate French art and music, and on such a momentous occasion remind everyone of one of the most magical cities on earth — Paris.”

	The Paris Olympics opening ceremony featured over 10,500 athletes — including Team USA’s LeBron James, Coco Gauff, and Simon Biles — who floated down the River Seine past famous landmarks and Olympic event locations before the finale at the Trocadéro. Confirming rumors leading up to the opening ceremony, Céline Dion made an appearance at the Paris Olympics, performing Édith Piaf’s “Hymne à L’amour” beneath the Eiffel Tower to close out the night.

	Dion sang Édith Piaf’s “Hymne à L’amour” during the opening ceremony at the 2024 Paris Olympics. The performance follows her diagnosis with Stiff Person Syndrome. Watch a clip of the performance here on YouTube.

	This summer’s Paris Olympics 2024, including the closing ceremony, air live on NBC. Peacock, meantime, will stream every event.

	Sports fans and viewers can check out the complete 2024 Paris Olympics broadcast schedule on NBC’s website. To make it easier, you can filter the schedule according to the sport, athlete, and event to quickly find the time and date, and we’ll continue to update this post as the Summer Olympic events continue. 

	From Noah Lyles 200m final to Team USA’s men’s basketball, here are the must-see events happening today and Friday.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.