Super producer Will.i.am has responded to rumours he’s collaborating with Lady Gaga after the pair were spotted at dinner in LA.
The dynamic duo sent the pop artist’s Little Monsters into overdrive when they emerged carrying large folders under their arms following the four-hour meeting last November.
Fans speculated that it could signify the return of Gaga, who is yet to follow up her 2020 album, Chromatica.
Speaking to the Sunday Mirror’s Invite Only podcast, Will admitted he has offered Gaga “his service”, hinting a new project is in the works.
Will said: “We talked about a song she and I made called Fashion. "Would I work with her again? Oh yeah. We talked about just creating the imp of creating and then I offered my service - 'If there’s ever anything you need, anything. A brain, an ear, an eye, an editor - whatever you need I’ll be there.'"
Will added that they spent most of their dinner dissecting her upcoming role in Joker: Folie à Deux, starring Joaquin Phoenix reprising his Oscar-winning role
Lady Gaga, who plays the next iteration of Harley Quinn, has already been tipped for an Oscar - before the film is even out.
And Will confirmed that the hype should be believed. He said: “Lady G is the best and we were talking about (Joker) and I was just fanning out on. You know there are people that say stuff - ‘Yo, it’s crazy - wait till you see, it’s going to be next level!
“There are some people who are over exaggerating and that’s their insecurities speaking and they don’t have receipts. Lady Gaga got receipts. So when she says, Will I’m telling you it’s…. she got receipts!
“I’m so proud of what she’s been able to do with her career, she’s multi hyphenate, ultra dynamic."
Not much is known about the sequel to 2019’s Joker, which made more than a billion at the global box office and scored 11 Oscar nominations.
The follow-up film is believed to be a musical that follows the Joker and Harley as they forge a complicated romance in Arkham Asylum with its subtitle ‘Folie à Deux’ referencing a ‘shared psychosis’" that many speculate will exist between Harley and the Joker.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.