Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Lady Gaga gave fans a taste of her new music on Thursday when she dropped her single Disease and fans don't have too long to wait for her new album.
The Bad Romance singer hasn't released a solo studio album since Chromatica in 2020.
Disease—an upbeat track about being the "antidote" and curing a "tortured" partner's disease—is the first song from the upcoming album and fans have gone wild for it, posting messages on X, formerly Twitter, calling it "the song of the century" after Gaga dropped it at midnight.
"The song is incredible, and with each listen it gets more iconic," said one excited fan.
"SONG OF THE YEAR, SONG OF THE CENTURY, SONG OF THE AGE," gushed another.
"The new Lady Gaga song is an absolute BANGER!" said someone else.
Gaga, born Stefani Germanotta, had set her next studio album for 2025, and when she was interviewed for Vogue in October she confirmed that she was on course to drop it in February.
The singer, who stars in the movie Joker: Folie à Deux with Joaquin Phoenix, also opened up about her romance with businessman fiance Michael Polansky in the magazine. She told her fans how she was in a different place in her life as she worked on her latest songs.
The 38 year-old New Yorker said: "I think what I want my fans to know is that I'm just, like, so happy. I'm healthy. I feel like the last time they heard from me - in this way - was Chromatica, and that album was about an absolutely horrible time for me with my mental health. I was in a really dark place. I struggled for, like, many years before that."
She said that then "everything started to change" for her.
"Because I had a real friend who saw the ways in which I was unhappy and why," said the singer. "And he wasn't afraid to truly hold my hand. And get to know me. On a very deep level."
Gaga was first romantically linked to Polansky in 2020 and rumors of their engagement started swirling earlier this year when the chart-topper was spotted sporting what looked like an engagement ring on her finger.
She later appeared to confirm she was set to wed at the Olympics in Paris. The star was talking to French Prime Minister Gabriel Attal and introduced 46-year-old entrepreneur Polansky as "my fiance."
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC