By MATT DEMARCO FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  00:42, 27 March 2024   |  Updated:  00:43, 27 March 2024   
View  comments
Malcolm in the Middle star Frankie Muniz has revealed his cat's surprising connection to Lady Gaga.
On Tuesday's I'm A Celebrity, the former child actor, 38, claimed he had a famous feline after asking a true or false question about himself.
'True or false... I love hairless cats and rats?' he asked podcaster Brittany Hockley, who was strapped to a contraption which would slap her lightly in the face with a stinky fish tail if she answered incorrectly.
Brittany got the question right, before Frankie claimed one of his pets had a very big claim to fame. 
'Lady Gaga actually used my cat in the Bad Romance video,' the Agent Cody Banks star told the other celebrities.
Malcolm in the Middle star Frankie Muniz has revealed his cat's surprising connection to Lady Gaga  
On Tuesday's I'm A Celebrity , the former child actor, 38, claimed he had a famous feline after asking a true or false question about himself. 'Lady Gaga actually used my cat in the Bad Romance video,' the Agent Cody Banks star told the other celebrities
'My cat is probably more famous than I am. Was in a Lady Gaga video, it's a pretty big deal,' he told the camera afterwards.
The hairless Sphynx cat, whose name Muniz did not reveal, was featured in Gaga's 2009 video for her single Bad Romance very briefly and bared its fangs.
'My cat is probably more famous than I am. Was in a Lady Gaga video, it's a pretty big deal,' he told the camera afterwards
The hairless Sphynx cat, whose name Muniz did not reveal, was featured in Gaga's 2009 video for her single Bad Romance very briefly and it bared its fangs. Pictured: Lady Gaga in the Bad Romance video
But this wasn't the only one of Muniz's cats to gain notoriety - in 2018, his other feline companion Jeri caused a commotion.
After leaving home for a family funeral, Frankie came back to his home to find his home completely flooded.
Revealing his devastation, he took to Twitter to reveal his cat Jeri accidentally turned a faucet on and flooded his home.
But this wasn't the only one of Muniz's cats to gain notoriety - in 2018, his other feline companion Jeri caused a commotion. After leaving home for a family funeral, Frankie came back to his home to find his home completely flooded 
'I arrived home from my uncle’s funeral to find 4 of my 5 story brownstone home under 3 feet of water. Everything I own, destroyed. Every wall, piece of artwork, personal photos, furniture,' he tweeted at the time.
'All because my cat accidentally turned on a sink a few days ago while we were gone.'
The TV star followed up with another emotional tweet, explaining, 'I’m devastated and exhausted from a tough week with the loss of my Uncle Skip, 45 hours of travel to and from France to walk in to find this disaster.
'I've cried more yesterday and today then my whole life combined. Forgive me for venting,' he added. 
Everything destroyed: The actor told his fans about the incident in a series of emotional tweets

	    Share what you think
          
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts,
      or debate this issue live on our message boards.
      

We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group