Lady Gaga and Michael Polanksy watch on July 28 at the women's Artistic Gymnastics qualification round during the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris. Credit: Arturo Holmes/Getty Images via CNN Newsource
(CNN) — Wedding bells may soon be ringing for Lady Gaga.
The actress and singer introduced Michael Polansky, her boyfriend of four years, as “my fiancé” to French Prime Minister Gabriel Attal, who Lady Gaga met while attending an Olympic swimming competition on Sunday, as seen in a video posted to the PM’s TikTok page.
The Oscar-winner was in Paris over the weekend to perform during the 2024 Summer Olympics Opening Ceremony.
CNN has reached out to a representative for Lady Gaga for comment.
Lady Gaga and Polansky, a tech entrepreneur, first went public with their romance on Instagram during Super Bowl weekend in 2020.
While the pair have notoriously been private throughout their relationship, Lady Gaga has shared some insight into their romance on her social media pages.
“When your bf sends you all the flowers in Rome for your birthday,” she wrote on Instagram in 2021, showcasing an elaborate floral arrangement that Polansky gave her for her birthday. “I love you honey. I can’t wait to be home with you and our dogs, that’s all I need.”s
She also made a rare comment alluding to Polansky during an interview with the Hollywood Reporter that same year.
“My dogs and the man that I love are my whole life,” she said at the time.
(Copyright (c) 2024 CNN. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
WHDH TV 7NEWS WLVI TV CW56
			Sunbeam Television Corp
			7 Bulfinch Place
			Boston, MA 02114
			News Tips: (800) 280-TIPS
			Tell Hank: (855) 247-HANK
Join us
All content © Copyright 2000 - 2025 WHDH-TV. WHDH broadcast educational and informational programming for children, and file quarterly reports with the FCC detailing the station's outreach to children. The public may view the reports by going to WHDH.com and clicking on "FCC Public File", or by visiting the FCC's website at FCC.org. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service.