Benzinga Rankings give you vital metrics on any stock – anytime.
Lady Gaga is likely recording new music, according to Billboard. The music publication interpreted the pop star's recent Instagram Stories post as a clue.
The "Born This Way" singer uploaded an image of audio waves to her profile on Meta Platforms Inc's META social media network.
Despite no official confirmation on an album or release date, fans have been eagerly anticipating fresh material since her last album, "Chromatica," released in 2020.
See Also: Lady Gaga Went Bankrupt Before She Grew Her Fortune To $150M — She Still Doesn't 'Care About The Money'
However, Gaga has been occupied with various projects over the past three years, notably relaunching her Haus Labs makeup brand, which has gained significant attention on TikTok.
Gaga has also been involved in diverse artistic endeavors, including a starring role in "Joker: Folie à Deux," in which she prepared extensively for the part of Harley Quinn.
Filming wrapped in April 2023.
Additionally, Gaga — whose real name is Stefani Germanotta — has been engaged in philanthropic work and editing a film related to her "Chromatica Ball" tour.
Despite her multifaceted commitments, Gaga recently announced a return to the stage with eight shows scheduled at the Dolby Live theater at Park MGM between June 19 and July 6.
Notably, she has also performed at private events and made appearances, such as a Fortnite gig during the 2024 Fortnite Festival in February.
Read Next: Does Lady Gaga Smoke Weed?
Image: Shutterstock
Benzinga Rankings give you vital metrics on any stock – anytime.
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
Trade confidently with insights and alerts from analyst ratings, free reports and breaking news that affects the stocks you care about.
A newsletter built for market enthusiasts by market enthusiasts. Top stories, top movers, and trade ideas delivered to your inbox every weekday before and after the market closes.