Posted by Ally Reid at Friday, July 19, 2024 at 10:34 AM
    
Since Lady Gaga's Las Vegas residency is over, she’s ready to focus on new music. The "Stupid Love" singer captioned three black-and-white studio photographs on Instagram on Thursday (July 19), "Just me in the studio—happy as ever making music." She continued, "Feel so grateful, heart is peaceful. It's like meditation, I can't wait for you to hear what I'm working on." Fellow artist and “Monster,” the nickname of Gaga’s fans, Kesha left the comment, “Feed us mother!!!!" Lady Gaga, who will appear in "Joker: Folie à Deux," hinted at new songs at the close of her "Gaga Chromatica Ball" concert film. The end reads, "LG7 GAGA RETURNS." At the performance film screening Q&amp;A, Gaga said her new music is "nothing like anything that I've ever made before. I love to break genre and I love to explore music," she said at the time. "There's something really beautiful about knowing that you will be loved no matter what you do." What genre do you think Lady Gaga’s new music will explore?

            REUTERS/Mike Blake
        
Become A FLY92.3 VIP!
Everybody Loves Cake
Join FLY92.3 For An Amazing Weekend Of Music And More!
Start Your Day With Jake & Libby
Exclusive Contests, Content & More!  Join Now!
Get Our Free App Now!  Let's Go Everywhere Together

                                    Cheer on the Albany Firebird this season at the MVP Arena!!

Get your tickets now to secure your seat to all the action and be part of the Firebirds' journey ...
                                

                                    The Cohoes Public Library will be hosting a Suicide Prevention event: Talk Saves Lives by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
                                

                                    Basket raffle to benefit Witches Kittens Inc & Almost home 501c3 rescues. 5/10/25 10-2. 120 Bulson rd Greenwich ny. Lunch/desserts available for purchase.
                                

                                    The 77th annual Albany Tulip Festival, presented by KeyBank will be held in the historic Washington Park, the 81-acre "crown jewel" of the City on Saturday May ...