The Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga-starring “Joker: Folie à Deux” musical got off to a worse-than-expected start at the box office as its opening weekend gross fell far below most projections, adding salt to the wound for a film that has already alienated critics and audiences, a wildly different reception from the critical and commercial juggernaut of the first film in 2019.
"Joker: Folie à Deux" has just a 36% score on Rotten Tomatoes. (Photo by Eric Charbonneau/Warner ... More Bros. via Getty Images)
Director Todd Phillips’ “Joker: Folie à Deux” grossed $40 million in its opening weekend, according to Box Office Mojo, a disappointing result that is lower than what most outlets had projected it would earn.
Deadline previously projected Friday morning the film “could possibly get to a $50M opening,” down from a $55 million to $60 million projection from three days earlier, which itself was down from a $70 million prediction three weeks ago.
The dismal box office results are bad news for a movie produced on a much higher budget than its predecessor: While “Joker” (which has grossed over $1 billion in theaters) vastly exceeded box office expectations on a modest $70 million production budget, “Joker: Folie à Deux” carries a hefty $200 million price tag.
“Joker: Folie à Deux” grossed $81.1 million in international markets, which Deadline reported was within its projections, for a total worldwide opening weekend of $121 million (The film opened everywhere except Japan and China, where it will release in the coming weeks).
The film will need to gross $450 million to break even, Variety reported.
The “Joker” sequel failed to impress moviegoers: It sports a bleak 33% critics score and a 31% audience score on Rotten Tomatoes.
Several publications, including Variety and Deadline, blamed poor word-of-mouth as a primary reason for the film’s lackluster box office performance, noting the film was a letdown for fans of the original movie. The sequel, which is largely a courtroom drama in which Phoenix’s Arthur Fleck is on trial for killing several people in the first film, is a musical, a hard pivot from the first film. The movie earned a “D” rating from CinemaScore, a research firm that polls audiences and grades movies on an “A+” through “F” scale. The rating is the worst ever for a comic book movie, Variety reported, worse than the “C-” that “Fantastic Four” earned in 2015. Deadline also reported PostTrak, a company that surveys film audiences, found audiences rated the film with a terrible ½-star rating, with only 23% saying they’d definitely recommend it to a friend.
Unlike the sequel, the first “Joker” film premiered to a mostly positive reception from audiences and critics in 2019, becoming a surprise box office and awards success. Three weeks prior to its release, Deadline predicted the movie would earn between $65 million and $80 million in its opening weekend, suggesting it could even gross as much as $90 million. The film surpassed expectations and grossed $96 million in its opening weekend, smashing the record for the biggest October opening of all time. It wrapped up its theatrical run with $1.08 billion in total worldwide gross, becoming the highest-grossing R-rated movie of all time (a record surpassed by “Deadpool & Wolverine” in 2024). “Joker” was wildly profitable: Deadline estimated it generated about $437 million in net profits, thanks to its relatively low budget for a comic book film of $70 million. The film premiered at the Venice Film Festival in August 2019, where it won the festival’s top prize, the Golden Lion, becoming the start of a dominant awards run. “Joker” was nominated for 11 Oscars, the most of any film that year. Phoenix swept the awards season for his performance as Arthur Fleck, winning the Golden Globe, Screen Actors Guild Award and the Academy Award, among many others, for Best Actor. The movie also won an Oscar for its score by Hildur Guðnadóttir, and became a flashpoint of cultural discussion, with some accusing it of glorifying violence.
Yes, critics who reviewed the movie seem to agree it is a musical—though the film’s cast and director have refrained from actually calling it a musical. At a press conference following the film’s Venice premiere, Lady Gaga said she “wouldn’t necessarily say that this is actually a musical,” stating “the way the music is used is to give the characters a way to express what they need to say because the scene and dialogue is not enough.” Her comments faced some pushback from people who felt she had actually described a musical. Phillips acknowledged the “Joker” sequel does fit the definition of a musical, but said he hesitates to call it one because he feels “musical” has a positive connotation, and “I don’t know that you leave this movie feeling better than you did when you walked in.” The movie features performances of classic American songs by Phoenix and Lady Gaga, which has divided audiences on social media. Musicals are tricky for film studios to market and sell tickets for, a struggle faced by the “Mean Girls” musical adaptation earlier this year, which downplayed the musical element in trailers and disappointed some audiences who didn’t know the film had musical numbers.
Most reviews found the sequel to be unfocused and lacking a compelling enough plot to justify a sequel, with some slamming the film’s music. Toronto Star critic Peter Howell said “writer-director Phillips and co-writer Scott Silver obviously had no idea what kind of movie they were trying to make,” calling the musical numbers “incessant and increasingly annoying.” San Francisco Chronicle critic G. Allen Johnson said the sequel is a “traumatizing cinematic experience” and that Phillips “set fire to the whole idea of a comic book movie.” IndieWire critic David Ehrlich said the musical numbers are “underwhelming” and “either too on the nose to communicate anything that Arthur couldn’t express without them” or “too vaguely related to its characters to express anything at all.” Some critics questioned who the film is for, noting it is too different to attract die-hard fans of the first “Joker” film, while also underutilizing Lady Gaga to sufficiently appeal to her fanbase. Rolling Stone critic David Fear said “this sequel is whatever the exact opposite of fan service is,” suggesting the message to fans is: “Go f*ck yourselves.” The Daily Beast critic Nick Schager said the movie is “so determined to avoid satisfying fans that it’s borderline antagonistic.”
Whether the “Joker” sequel can break even, or generate a profit, despite the bad reviews and lackluster opening.
‘Joker: Folie à Deux’ Makes $7M In Thursday Night Previews, Receives 1/2 Star From PostTrak Audiences – Box Office (Deadline)
Can Lady Gaga & Joaquin Phoenix’s ‘Joker: Folie à Deux’ Go Nuts At The Box Office? $140M Global Start Eyed – Preview (Deadline)
‘Joker: Folie à Deux’: Todd Phillips Explains Why He Resists Calling It a Musical, Despite It Being ‘The Very Definition of a Musical’ (The Wrap)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.