Proceeds from the benefit show will go to St. Jude Children's Research Hospital.

													By
												

	Taylor Mims

Writer

Cherrytree Music Company is celebrating two decades with an exclusive one-night concert in Los Angeles. On Jan. 25, the record label, management firm and music publisher will celebrate its 20th anniversary with a benefit concert featuring performances by Sting, Shaggy, Mike Einziger of Incubus, Chance Emerson, Sophie Grey and surprise guests.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Shaggy		
					






















	
		
					Sting		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The special event will take place at the Belasco Theater in downtown Los Angeles with net proceeds going to St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital.

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ava Max Announces 'Don't Click Play' Album, Reveals Release Date & Cover Art		
	



	05/03/2025	







	Cherrytree was established in 2005 by Grammy-award songwriter/musician/producer, music executive and artist manager Martin Kierszenbaum. The company’s first artist signing was Feist, who released seminal album Let It Die that same year. Cherrytree went on to sign and release critically acclaimed and commercially resonant music by Feist, Robyn, Lady Gaga, Tokio Hotel, Far East Movement, LMFAO, The Police, Keane, Ellie Goulding, LaRoux, t.A.T.u., Disclosure and The Fratellis, as well managing global superstars Sting, Shaggy, and Mike Einziger from Incubus.

	Cherrytree’s acoustic performance space, The Cherrytree House, yielded timeless live recordings by Robyn, Feist and Lady Gaga, whose Cherrytree House rendition of “Poker Face” was later sampled by Kid Cudi.

	Kierszenbaum was nominated for two Grammy awards for his writing, performance and production work on Lady Gaga’s The Fame album and his writing, playing and production on Sting and Shaggy’s expectation-defying collaboration, 44/876.

	The Cherrytree Music Company has also led the way in securing exposure for their artists via music synchronizations with massive Apple campaigns for Feist and The Fratellis, Super Bowl ads featuring Shaggy and LMFAO, as well as film and TV licensing for songs by LaRoux and Ivy Levan.

	The music company has also launched several global tours including The Cherrytree Tour starring LMFAO and Far East Movement and, most recently, Sting’s triumphant North American STING 3.0 tour, which recently culminated in five sold-out shows at The Wiltern in Los Angeles.

	Tickets for The Cherrytree Music Company 20th Anniversary Concert go on sale Friday (Nov. 22) at 10 a.m. PT. Head to the Live Nation website for more details.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.