By ANTOINETTE MILIENOS FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  00:10, 25 February 2024   |  Updated:  00:10, 25 February 2024   
A cop accused of murdering former Channel 10 presenter Jesse Baird and his boyfriend allegedly sent texts from the late producer's phone.  
NSW Police Senior Constable Beau Lamarre-Condon was charged with two counts of murder after allegedly using his police pistol to shoot dead Mr Baird, 26, and his partner Luke Davies, 29, in a Paddington home in Sydney's east. 
Police will allege the 28-year-old used Mr Baird's phone to send two lengthy texts to the former Studio Ten reporter's housemates claiming that he was moving to Perth. 
It's believed Mr Baird had been 'kicked out' of the Paddington terrace last week due to the messy state of the home. 
Mr Baird's housemates informed him, via text messages, that a cleaner had been scheduled to arrive at the property on Thursday. 
Former Channel 10 presenter Jesse Baird (right) and his boyfriend Luke Davies (left) were allegedly shot dead by Mr Baird's ex-partner and police officer Beau Lamarre-Condon
NSW Police Senior Constable Beau Lamarre-Condon (pictured) was charged with double murder. It will alleged the 28-year-old used his police issued pistol to kill the pair
In the first text message, Lamarre-Condon allegedly told Mr Baird's housemates he would collect the furniture and put it in storage because he was moving to Perth on Thursday, police sources told the Sunday Telegraph. 
Lamarre-Condon then allegedly sent a second text asking for the housemates to put Mr Baird's furniture, including his bed head, onto the street. 
One police source said the text messages initially made detectives think Mr Baird was still alive. 
However, another police source labelled the messages as an 'amateur' attempt to justify Mr Baird's absence. 
'[They appeared to be] quite an amateur attempt at creating a story so people would not be suspicious when the victim never returned home,' the source said.
Mr Baird's cousin Austin shared an emotional tribute on Saturday evening - the first from the presenter's family to do so publicly - along with several photos of the pair together with loved ones.
'Jesse, my first ever best friend, I am beyond devastated. I still can't believe it. Most of my favourite memories in life were me, Luke, Brendan and you riding motorbikes, skiing, boating and camping,' he wrote on Instagram.
The post featured a recent video of Mr Baird and his loved ones having shots at a gathering, while other photos showed him and Austin as kids.
'I'll never forget our chats, all the times we would hang out on the weekends and go away with family and friends,' Austin continued.
'I told you things I'd never tell anyone I trusted you, I've laughed and cried in front of you!
'You were one in a million, you cared about everyone and left such an impact on every person you met!
'I'll love and remember you forever mate. It is an honour to be your cousin. Till we meet again.'
Police sources said Lamarre-Condon used Mr Baird's phone to text his housemates after killing the pair to fake an impending interstate move 
Police labelled the two lengthy text messages as an 'amateur' attempt at creating a story to justify Mr Baird's absence
Channel 10 stars - including National affairs editor and presenter at 10 News First, Hugh Riminton, veteran presenter Sandra Sully and Abbie Chatfield, also shared touching tributes to their former colleague. 
Lamarre-Condon handed himself into police at Bondi and faced Waverley Local Court on Friday afternoon. He has been charged with two counts of murder. 
According to court documents, the pair were allegedly killed by Lamarre-Condon at Mr Baird's Paddington terrace house between 12.01am and 5.30pm on Monday. 
The shooting allegedly occurred just hours after they were last seen alive at a pre-Mardi Gras party night on Sunday at the Beresford Hotel in Surry Hills.
Later on Monday evening, Lamarre-Condon hired a white Toyota HiAce van from Mascot and allegedly used it to dispose of the couple's bodies, police said.
Lamarre-Condon allegedly rented the white van and drove it to Lambton, in Newcastle on Thursday before driving it back to the Shire on Friday morning where it was discovered in Grays Point.
Police will allege Lamarre-Condon used his police issued Glock pistol to allegedly shoot the pair. 
It is alleged he then stored the pistol in a suburban police station, though detectives did not specify which one, before taking sick leave on Tuesday and failing to return to work on Wednesday.
Homicide Squad commander Detective Superintendent Danny Doherty said police had matched a bullet cartridge found in the premises to the police weapon.
'Police located a projectile at the premises which had been discharged and also a fired cartridge case,' Det Supt Doherty said.
'This has now been physically matched to a NSW Police firearm and forms part of the evidence for the alleged facts to face court for this 28-year-old man.'
Pictured, flowers at Mr Baird's residence on Brown Street in Paddington, Sydney's east
Detectives were told by family and friends Mr Baird was bombarded with text messages and phone calls in the months after ending his relationship with Lamarre-Condon
He took sick leave from the NSW Police Force for the rest of the day and failed to return to work the following day. 
Police found bloodied clothes and other belongings including credit cards belonging to Mr Baird and Mr Davies dumped in a skip bin in Cronulla on Wednesday.
Grave concerns for the couple's wellbeing were further triggered after police searched the Brown Street property and found pools of blood and blood-spattered furniture.
Police are leading an extensive search for the bodies of Mr Baird and Mr Davies. 
Detectives are scouring an area from Newcastle, about two hours north of Sydney, to the Shire, in the city's south, in the hopes of finding their bodies 
Meanwhile, a police divers are also searching a waterway in Lambton and were assisted by homicide detectives on Friday and Saturday. 
Detectives are relying on Lamarre-Condon's cooperation, as well as CCTV, toll road payments and GPS mobile data, to piece together the events in the days after the double murder.
Lamarre-Condon previously dated Mr Baird but had broken up in recent months, with Mr Baird announcing his relationship with his new boyfriend in February.
Family and friends of Mr Baird told police they were deeply concerned about the behaviour of Lamarre-Condon in the lead-up to the Channel 10 presenter's death. 
Lamarre-Condon handed himself into police at Bondi on Friday and was charged with double murder. The former celebrity chaser turned police officer did not apply for bail and will face court again on April 23. Pictured Lamarre-Condon with Lady Gaga (left)  and Dua Lipa (right)
During the course of the investigation, police were told Lamarre-Condon bombarded Mr Baird with calls and text messages for months after their relationship ended. 
Superintendent Doherty said there had been no 'warning flags' or complaints raised with police since the pair split but that in the course of their inquiries it has since 'been documented that there was some worrying behaviour that has been alleged by family and friends'.
Lamarre-Condon once found fame as celebrity chaser and has been pictured stars including Taylor Swift, Kim Kardashian, Lady Gaga, Miley Cyrus, Dua Lipa and Harry Styles.
He did not apply for bail during his court appearance on Friday and will appear again on April 23. 
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group