ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
VENICE, ITALY - SEPTEMBER 04: Lady Gaga attends the "Joker: Folie A Deux" photocall during the 81st ... More Venice International Film Festival at Palazzo del Casino on September 04, 2024 in Venice, Italy. Lady Gaga misses out on her milestone tenth No. 1 hit on Billboard's Digital Song Sales chart as "Disease" debuts at No. 2, behind her own "Die with a Smile" with Bruno Mars. (Photo by Stephane Cardinale - Corbis/Corbis via Getty Images)
Lady Gaga is already one of the most successful artists in the history of Billboard’s Digital Song Sales chart. The pop icon has ruled the list of the top-selling tunes in the U.S. multiple times with many singles throughout the years, and she’s back on top this week–but her latest frame in charge also comes at an unfortunate price.
On this week’s edition of the Digital Song Sales chart, the No. 1 title is “Die with a Smile” by Gaga and Bruno Mars. That tune jumps back up the tally, lifting from No. 8 to No. 1 once more.
In doing so, “Die with a Smile” blocks Gaga’s even-newer tune from debuting in first place. “Disease,” the lead single from the singer’s forthcoming new dance-pop full-length, instead is forced to settle for second place on the Digital Song Sales chart.
In the past tracking week, “Die with a Smile” racked up just under 11,900 sales, per Luminate. “Disease” isn’t far behind, at No. 2, with almost 11,100 purchases in its debut seven-day frame of availability.
“Disease” would have been Gaga’s milestone tenth No. 1 on the Digital Song Sales chart. Coincidentally, had that new track traded places with “Die with a Smile,” Gaga would have tied Mars’ own 10 No. 1s on the list, but she’ll have to wait to match her collaborator’s record.
“Die with a Smile” has now lived on the Digital Song Sales chart for 11 weeks. So far, only two of those have been at No. 1, though it hasn’t strayed too far from the summit in the two months since it was released.
Gaga and Mars recently released several new versions of “Die with a Smile” in an effort to help it climb on the Billboard charts. As it returns to the peak position on the Digital Song Sales list, the cut soars to a new high on the Hot 100 of No. 2. The two superstars were hoping to add to their ever-expanding collection of champions on that most important tally, but they weren’t able to best “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” by newcomer Shaboozey, who has now led that ranking for 16 nonconsecutive weeks.