Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Joker: Folie á Deux is now streaming on Max, free to anyone with a subscription. Now you can spend your holidays with Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga!
Joker: Folie à Deux was directed by Todd Phillips, who also co-wrote the screenplay with Scott Silver. Joaquin Phoenix reprised his role as Arthur Fleck, aka Joker, who is this time joined by the psychiatric patient Harley Quinn, played by Lady Gaga. After months and months of hype, this sequel to the hugely successful 2019 Joker movie was a disappointment for WB. After the film was panned by critics at its Venice Film Festival premiere, it went on to earn $201 million at the worldwide box office. That may sound like a lot of money, but, in fact, the film just barely earned back its reported $190 million production budget.
But perhaps Joker 2 can find a second life now that it’s streaming on Max. Certainly, at least some people who didn’t see the movie in theaters will be curious to watch the next chapter in this popular franchise. But fans of the first film may be disappointed, or even confused, by the Joker: Folie à Deux ending.
Don’t worry, Decider is here to help. Read on for a full analysis of the Joker 2 ending explained, including who stabs the Joker at the end of Joker 2.
We catch up with Arthur Fleck in prison, where he’s awaiting the trial for his crime of killing five people, including murdering talk show host Murray Franklin on live television. Arthur’s lawyer, Maryanne Stewart (Catherine Keener) plans to argue that Arthur’s suffers from dissociative identity disorder (aka multiple personalities), and that the “Joker” identity committed those crimes, not Arthur. She believes he should be in a hospitalized institution, not a prison.
While awaiting his trial, Arthur meets another inmate, Harleen “Lee” Quinzel (Lady Gaga) and feels an instant connection to her. Lee says she is from Arthur’s neighborhood, that she loved the true crime TV movie made about him, and that she admires him. She says her father was abusive, and she was institutionalized after burning down her family’s home. During a movie night, Lee sets fire to the prison, which, to Arthur, feels like a romantic gesture. 
After Arthur and Lee are found together in the aftermath of the fire, Arthur is placed in solitary confinement. Lee visits his cell, and tells him she is being released, because they think Arthur is a bad influence. Then she puts Joker make-up on his face, so she can see the “real” Joker, and tells him to stop taking his medication. He tells her he already has. Lee and Arthur have sex, and Lee promises to stand by Arthur during his trial. After, she says, they will run away together. 
At his trial, Assistant District Attorney Harvey Dent (Harry Lawtey) leads the case against Arthur, by calling witnesses who dismiss Arthur’s claims of dissociative identity disorder. Arthur is more concerned by the presence of Lee at his trial than anything else. Arthur’s lawyer tells him not to trust Lee, and reveals that Lee is actually a privileged psychology graduate who voluntarily committed herself, and then checked herself out.
Lee admits to Arthur it’s true, she lied, and voluntarily committed herself. She says she just want to meet Arthur, and for him to like her. Then she says she’s pregnant with Arthur’s baby, and has moved into his old apartment, to get ready to build a life with him. Arthur, touched by her devotion, is placated.
In an effort to appease Lee and his other devoted fans, Arthur embraces his Joker persona in court. He fires his lawyer and opts to represent himself, in full Joker makeup. While questioning his former co-worker, Gary Puddles (Leigh Gill), who was nice to Arthur—whom Arthur spared from killing in the first movie—Arthur is moved by Gary’s testimony of how he was traumatized by the Joker’s crimes.
Back in the prison, the guards brutally beat Arthur for badmouthing them on the stand. They then strangle to death Ricky, another inmate and a friend of Arthur’s. Presumably sick of all the violence, when Arthur makes his closing statement, he renounces the Joker persona, confesses to killing his mother (a murder no one knew about), and takes responsibility for his actions. Lee leaves the courtroom in disgust. 
As the foreperson reads out Arthur’s “guilty” verdict, a bomb explodes in the courthouse. Arthur wakes up in the rubble, disoriented. A few Joker fans help him escape the scene. While in their car, Arthur realizes they set off the bomb. When he overhears that the Joker fans plan to burn down the city in Joker’s name, he flees the car. 
Arthur finds Lee on those infamous Joker stairs. He wants to run away with her, but she rejects him, because he rejected the Joker fantasy. “All we had was the fantasy, and you gave up,” she tells him. “We were never going anywhere.”
She then starts singing and refuses to talk to Arthur, implying that she was only interested in him if he played into her delusions of a reality that doesn’t exist—one where the world is a musical. “Folie a deux” means “a shared madness,” and Arthur didn’t want to share in the madness anymore.
When asked why Arthur decided to renounce the Joker person, Joker director Todd Phillips said it’s because Arthur realized that both Lee and his fans only loved the Joker, not Arthur.
“He realized that everything is so corrupt, it’s never going to change, and the only way to fix it is to burn it all down,” director Todd Phillips told Entertainment Weekly. “When those guards kill that kid in the [hospital] he realizes that dressing up in makeup, putting on this thing, it’s not changing anything. In some ways, he’s accepted the fact that he’s always been Arthur Fleck; he’s never been this thing that’s been put upon him, this idea that Gotham people put on him, that he represents. He’s an unwitting icon. This thing was placed on him, and he doesn’t want to live as a fake anymore — he wants to be who he is.”
So Arthur goes back to prison. He is approached by a young, unnamed inmate who was a Joker fan, and wants to tell Arthur a joke. The inmate tells a joke about a psychopath who comes across a famous clown who he used to admire, and offers to get him “what you fucking deserve.” The inmate then stabs Arthur in the stomach, presumably killing him.
As Arthur bleeds out, he imagines he was just shot by Lee. He hears himself singing about wanting a son to take his place. We then cut back to the prison, where the psychopath inmate carves a smile onto his own face, while Arthur dies. This mirrors Arthur smearing blood on his face in the shape of a smile in the first movie, as while as Heath Ledger’s version of the Joker in The Dark Knight, who had scars on his face in the shape of the smile. 
The young inmate who stabbed Arthur at the end of Joker: Folie a Deux is not a character we’ve met in this film universe before. However, it’s certainly implied that the inmate will become the next Joker, and may, in fact, grow up to be Heath Ledger’s version of the Joker in The Dark Knight, given that they have the same scars on their face. 
Don’t forget, both Joker and Joker 2 take place in the ’70s, several decades before Bruce Wayne becomes Batman. The Joker: Folie a Deux ending implies that Joaquin Pheonix’s Joker was simply the man who inspired the real Joker to become the deranged criminal of Gotham that we all know.

This story has been shared 3,081 times.
3,081


This story has been shared 2,772 times.
2,772


This story has been shared 1,491 times.
1,491


This story has been shared 898 times.
898


This story has been shared 734 times.
734


This story has been shared 654 times.
654


This story has been shared 561 times.
561


This story has been shared 494 times.
494


This story has been shared 424 times.
424


This story has been shared 305 times.
305


This story has been shared 294 times.
294


This story has been shared 281 times.
281


This story has been shared 219 times.
219


This story has been shared 214 times.
214


This story has been shared 179 times.
179