From one queen of pop to another.
Tessa Petak is a Brooklyn-based writer who helps to cultivate InStyle's illustrious news coverage across a wide range of topics including celebrity, fashion, and entertainment. She also produces and composes celebrity profiles and features for the site and InStyle's digital issues.
Getty Images
 Taylor Swift is unapologetically a girls' girl. For starters, the global superstar has maintained a core group of gal pals since 2016 (Blake Lively, Haim, Keleigh Teller, Selena Gomez, and Gigi Hadid, to name a few) who often support Swift at concerts and step out alongside the star for heavily paparazzied girls' nights. In case you needed any further proof of Swift's brand of feminism, the singer-songwriter came to the defense of her fellow pop icon Lady Gaga after the internet started speculating that the "Born This Way" singer was pregnant.

 On Tuesday, Gaga took to TikTok to shut down baby rumors in a video referencing a lyric from Swift's song "Down Bad" off The Tortured Poets Department. In the video, Gaga mouthed along to an audio of a woman saying,  "I don't need to find an aesthetic, I am the aesthetic. I mean, I'm sure there's somebody out there right now who's trying to type out all these adjectives to describe me." Gaga captioned the video, "Not pregnant—just down bad cryin' at the gym," before encouraging her followers to hit the polls this year. "Register to vote www.headcount.org," she added.

Getty Images
 Swift quickly caught wind of the rumors and reference and came to Gaga's defense in the comments section. "Can we all agree that it's invasive & irresponsible to comment on a woman's body," Swift wrote. "Gaga doesn't owe anyone an explanation & neither does any woman." She concluded the supportive message with a kiss emoji.

Getty Images
 The comment, which was posted on Wednesday, has already amassed more than 140,000 likes and nearly 5,000 comments (call it the Taylor Swift effect).

 Lady Gaga praised Swift on TikTok in the past. In a clip from Swift's documentary Miss Americana resurfaced last year, she spoke about her struggles with body image and disordered eating. Gaga left a heartfelt comment on the post commending Swift for sharing. "That's really brave everything you said," she wrote with a heart emoji. "Wow."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)