Lady Gaga had to learn how to sing...badly.
BuzzFeed Staff
"Todd was in the wings talking to me through a headset," Phoenix told Variety of his dream. "I woke up feeling elated and called him, hoping he'd want to do a show with me."
"You think, Okay, this scene works, let's just go shoot it," Phillips told Vogue. "And Joaquin's like, 'No, no, no, let's just have a quick meeting about it,' and it's three hours later and you're rewriting it on a napkin. What's great about Lady Gaga is that she really holds her own both off camera when we're in the trailer tearing things apart — which she probably spent the night before learning — but also on camera. It was not a small feat."
"I had a live piano player, Alex Smith, whom I asked to be with me for my scenes. There are moments in the film where I'm playing an adult woman who sings like a little girl. And she's moving through the world with this kind of immaturity, which I thought was interesting," Gaga told Vogue.
"I worked really hard on that, kind of trying to undo all my technique. I mean, Ally Maine in A Star Is Born is a singer and it's a movie about people who make music," she told Vogue. "That is not what this film is about at all."
He told Vogue that Gaga "encouraged" him to sing live. "And I encouraged her to sing poorly," he added. "I remember asking her to sing without her vibrato. She has a beautiful vibrato — too beautiful. I think she felt naked without it. But as soon as she moved away from technique she unlocked her character's voice."
"The [footage] we were going for was essentially my reaction to him walking in," Lawtey told Bustle. "So when we rolled cameras for the first time on my face, that was the first time I ever saw Joaquin in the flesh. It was utterly surreal."
"I actually found out two days before or a day before, and genuinely it was a really beautiful thing that he was there," Lawtey told GQ.
This helped him combat being "very, very nervous" about joining the film. "To have the comfort of someone that I really, really trust and, moreover, admire and to feel the safety in that acting opposite eyes that you know in this world that felt very foreign and new to made a real difference," he told GQ. "We had a really nice time together and I sent him a text at the end of the day just to let him know how much I appreciated that. And as ever, he was horizontally calm because he's just the coolest cat there is. At one point Todd came up to me in between takes and he was like, 'This guy is amazing.' And I was like, 'I know.'"
"[She's] realizing, I'm on a whole other trip, man, you can't be what I wanted you to be," Phillips told Entertainment Weekly.
"It had dialogue in it, and, all of a sudden, I wanted it to be more of a music and vibe moment," Phillips told Entertainment Weekly. "For that moment to have played, it needed dialogue behind it. Meaning, the woman said something, and then Gaga stopped and did this thing, and it just kind of got in the way of the moment."
In the scene, Harvey can briefly be seen sitting in the wreckage with blood on only one side of his face. Phillips confirmed that the scene is "of course" the start of Two-Face. This is a different origin for Two-Face than the traditional story of acid thrown on his face by mobster Sal Maroni. "All we're doing is saying, let's use this lore as a foundation, but run it through a realistic lens, or at least a different lens than it's been run through in other things, to make it our own," Phillips told the publication.
"It was a practical thing," Phillips told IGN before later adding, "The prison wouldn't allow him to have that."
Fittingly, Theroux cameoed as an actor named Ethan Chase in the first film. "In fact, I talked to Justin about it. We were going to shoot a trailer [for the TV movie] at one point. We just ran out of time," Phillips told IGN.