By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:36, 18 March 2024   |  Updated:  22:13, 18 March 2024   
 11
View  comments
Addison Rae was showing off her body as she shared flashback photos to Instagram on Monday.
She was celebrating the three-year anniversary of the release of her first big song Obsessed, which first debuted in 2021.
The 23-year-old singer wore a very skimpy cropped white tank top that displayed her toned tummy as well as her sculpted arms.
The former TikTok favorite added low-slung black leather slacks for a rocker chick look as she seemed ready to hit the Rainbow Room on Sunset Boulevard.
This beauty shared the image for her 36 million followers as she wrote in the caption, 'Three years obsessed.'
Her makeup was by Mary Phillips, hair by Jenny Cho, and the creative director was Diane Martel. The photographer was Marcus Cooper. 
Addison Rae was showing off her body in a new post to Instagram on Monday. The 23-year-old singer wore a very skimpy cropped white tank top that displayed her toned tummy as well as her sculpted armsx
Addison Rae was showing off her body in a new post to Instagram on Monday. The 23-year-old singer wore a very skimpy cropped white tank top that displayed her toned tummy as well as her sculpted arms
This beauty shared the image for her 36 million followers as she wrote in the caption, 'Three years obsessed.' Her makeup was by Mary Phillips, hair by Jenny Cho, and the creative director was Diane Martel. The photographer was Marcus Cooper
She has been on a sexy streak lately. 
In February Rae was seen in a sheer black catsuit.
The sleeveless one-piece featured solid black material at the chest and nether area, protecting the star's modesty.
She teased her toned midriff and muscular legs in the look, which she teamed with a shiny black captain hat.
In the caption, she simply wrote: '#nofilter.' 
Rae's lustrous, blonde-highlighted locks flowed in loose waves that fell over her shoulders.
Her hat was pulled low, covering her eyes so that only the lower half of her visage was visible.
She looked typically beautiful with rosy-toned makeup on her cheeks and lips and she popped her hip out while posing with a red-manicured hand on it.
And Addison held a Burberry trench coat on the other side of her body.  
In the single photo, the former TikTok sensation appeared to be in a restaurant or banquet hall as there were candlelit tables in the background. 
Rae put on a sexy display as she appeared in an Instagram post in February
Addison recently gushed that working on music has 'been a joy and so exciting and so fulfilling and rewarding'; pictured in December
It comes after the songstress shared a similar post as she snapped a selfie in a short, little black dress.
The number was long-sleeved and fitted with an off-the-shoulder design.
The beauty posed in a large mirror that showed a bed in the background and she wrote, '#gno.' 
Earlier this month Addison spoke about her burgeoning musical career in an interview with People.
She kicked off her music endeavors with the release of her first single, Obsessed, in 2021.
It was followed by the debut of her 2023 EP, which she simply named AR. 
She said of her recording career: 'It's been a joy and so exciting and so fulfilling and rewarding, and I feel like it's always so nice to just put something out.'
The dancer discussed her leaked demos and shared that it inspired her to complete production on AR. 
She recalled: 'I still have no idea how that happened, but everything happens for a reason. After the songs surfaced online, unbeknownst to me, I was like, "Oh, I wish there was a way that I could have these out."'
Rae  seen on February 21 in New York City after a photo shoot
The performer then stated that she was not necessarily deterred by the leaks and was enthusiastic about sharing her work with her fans. 
'I love those songs so much. They're such a huge part of my life. It's always so exciting to see something come to fruition that you worked hard on,' she stated.
Rae also discussed her track Nothing On (But the Radio), which was originally recorded by Lady Gaga over 10 years ago, although the track's official release was shelved after the song was leaked.
The social media figure expressed that she was hopeful that the Bad Romance singer had listened to her version of the song. 
'I'm obviously the biggest Lady Gaga fan. She's always been such a pioneer for pop and experimenting. I would love to know if she heard it. It's such a different version than hers, so it would be interesting [to know] what she thinks,' she said.
Rae concluded by stating that she was currently finishing up several other songs and teased her fans by hinting that she was planning on performing live in the near future. 
'I'm always in the studio, so we'll see what happens...I definitely want to bring them all to life,' she said.
The performer made her start as a singer with the release of her first single, Obsessed, which came out in 2021, and she followed up the record with the debut of her 2023 EP, entitled AR
The social media personality collaborated with several individuals during the production of AR, including Selena Gomez's boyfriend Benny Blanco, who co-produced Obsessed
The social media personality collaborated with several individuals during the production of AR, including Selena Gomez's boyfriend Benny Blanco, who co-produced Obsessed.
The TikTok star also worked with Charli XCX, who was featured on the track 2 Die 4.
AR was released on August 18, 2023, and it peaked at number 19 on the Billboard US Heatseekers Albums chart.
Rae's debut EP was met with generally favorable reviews from critics following its release.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group