Oct 15, 2024
Photo courtesy of IMDB
Lady Gaga (left) and Joaquin Phoenix star in ‘Joker: Folie a Deux.’
Joaquin Phoenix danced down the steps and showcased a little soft-shoe when he wasn’t murdering people in the initial “Joker” in 2019. Five years later, he and his new co-star Lady Gaga just have to sing in the sequel.
Yes, to the shock of many “Joker 2” aka “Joker: Folie a Deux” is a musical unlike any other. Technically, it’s an American jukebox musical psychological thriller.
Sounds like a mouthful, but it’s not surprising considering the mental state of the criminal mastermind Joker. In “Joker 2,” Phoenix reprises his role, with Lady Gaga as his love interest, Harleen “Lee” Quinzel.  
The movie is filled with surprises. In an animated sequence, the Joker is impersonated by his shadow, who takes his place to perform his singing number for a TV show then abandons him on stage, before three policemen arrive and beat him.
Joker’s alias, Arthur Fleck, (Phoenix) is in custody at Arkham State Hospital awaiting trial for his crimes. His lawyer, Maryanne Stewart (Catherine Keener), plans to argue that Fleck’s alter ego, the Joker, is responsible for the crimes. 
Fleck meets eventually meets Quinzel, who is also a patient at the asylum. She confesses her admiration for the Joker, while displaying his mental instabilities. 
Lee starts a fire at the asylum, but she and Fleck are caught trying to escape. After he is placed in solitary confinement. Quinzel visits him to say she is being released to avoid his influence but promises to attend his trial. During an interview with TV personality Paddy Meyers (Steve Coogan), Fleck sings to Quinzel, deepening her love for him.
At the trial, Assistant District Attorney Harvey Dent (Harry Lawtey) calls witnesses who dismiss Fleck’s claims of insanity. Stewart also reveals outrageous claims to Fleck that Quinzel voluntarily committed herself to Arkham and never burned down an apartment building. Fleck confronts Quinzel, who confesses her lies were an effort to get close to him.
The next day, Arthur dismisses Stewart and represents himself. After bringing Fleck’s former co-worker Gary Puddles (Leigh Gill) and neighbor Sophie Dumond (Zazie Beetz) to the stand, Dent rests his case. Visibly affected by the testimony, Fleck offers no defense.  
Returning to Arkham, Fleck is brutally assaulted by head guard Jackie Sullivan (Brandon Gleeson) and two guards. Ricky Meline (Jacob Lofland), an inmate and friend of Fleck, confronts the guards and is strangled to death.
A devastated Arthur renounces his Joker persona, taking full responsibility for his actions. An outraged Quinzel storms out of the courtroom, and the jury finds Fleck guilty of first-degree murder. A car bomb explodes outside the courthouse, killing and injuring numerous attendees and scarring half of Dent’s face.  
After escaping, Fleck encounters Quinzel outside his old apartment, but she rejects him. As she leaves, the police apprehend Fleck and return him to Arkham. 
In one final unexpected twist, a young inmate approaches Fleck and begins telling a joke before repeatedly stabbing him. As Fleck bleeds to death, the assailant carves a smile on his own face while laughing hysterically.
Can we say, Joker film numéro trois?
Grade: A-
•••
Greg Williams is a reporter and Weekend Editor for The Sentinel. A Mifflin County native, he has been writing for The Sentinel since 1991.
Editor’s note: To submit a nonprofit announcement to The Sentinel’s Religion section, contact Tom Laub at (717) ...
The Sentinel offers nonprofit and other community organizations an opportunity to promote upcoming events for free ...
BEAVER SPRINGS — Auction enthusiasts can unite today for a trifecta of sales on Saturday at the Middlecreek Area ...


LEWISTOWN — It’s that time of year again, an annual spring event that has been held every year for the last ...
PORT ROYAL — The Supporting our Heroes organization will be hosting an inaugural “Heroes and Harmony” event ...


NEWPORT — Perry County Council of the Arts (PCCA) hosted its annual Youth Art Day student showcase on Saturday, ...
Copyright © 2025 Ogden Newspapers of Pennsylvania, LLC | https://www.lewistownsentinel.com | 352 Sixth Street, Lewistown, PA 17044 | 717-248-6741