Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Lady Gaga's behavior at a red-carpet event draws scrutiny from friends.
Contact us by Email
Jan. 7 2024, Published 5:30 a.m. ET
While bizarre behavior and Lady Gaga have gone hand-in-hand over the years, her particularly unusual conduct at a recent red carpet event led her inner circle to speculate on her well-being.  
Sources reportedly claim those closest to Gaga fear the pop star has been suffering behind closed doors for some time and believe longstanding insecurities have started to take over, RadarOnline.com has learned. 
The singer reportedly gained 25 pounds for her role in 2021's 'House of Gucci.'
According to InTouch magazine, eyewitnesses said Gaga "seemed off" at the premiere of her former co-star Bradley Cooper's new Leonard Bernstein biopic, Maestro. 
"She was inserting herself into photos with Bradley and Carey Mulligan as if Gaga were a part of the film," the observer recalled. "People looked shocked, and Carey seemed confused.”
Allegedly, Cooper's co-star wasn't the only one who was taken aback by Gaga's behavior. 
An observer said Gaga bizarrely interjected herself into photos as if she was starring in the film.
While Gaga “has always been eccentric,” a source noted, “some people close to her say she seems different in recent months, almost as if she’s had a secret breakdown."
"She’s pulled away from friends and has been spending most of her time alone when she’s not with her boyfriend, Michael Polansky," the insider added. 
Insecurity was believed to be the source of the Poker Face singer's recent change in tune as of late. 
Sources said Gaga has pulled away from friends in recent months, prompting fears of a 'secret breakdown.'
The multi-talented artist has spent the last several years toggling between her music career, acting, and her beauty brand, Haute Labs. Despite her many accomplishments, Gaga hasn't operated at her usual driven pace. 
“Several months ago, Gaga confessed to a friend that she felt a bit lost in her career," the insider continued. "She’s been so successful in all of her endeavors, but she’s felt a little lost in the landscape of the music industry.”
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
Insiders claim Gaga admitted she feels 'a little lost' in the music industry after taking up acting and launching a beauty brand.
Gaga released her last solo album in 2020 and hasn't toured since 2022. Meanwhile, fellow female artists Beyonce and Taylor Swift took 2023 by storm and enjoyed wildly successful global tours, followed by equally impressive concert films that catapulted their superstardom to new heights. 
"Gaga was very close to Beyonce for many years, and Gaga felt unsure of her identity, with Beyonce and Taylor Swift’s mega-tours gaining so much attention," the source said before noting the Bad Romance singer "is probably trying to find her footing again." 
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
As Swift prepares for the second installment of The Eras Tour in 2024, Gaga is expected to keep music on the back burner. Instead, she'll add another acting credit to her resume. 
Following her portrayal as Patrizia Reggiani in 2021's House of Gucci, Gaga will step into the role of Harley Quinn in the upcoming musical thriller Joker: Folie à Deux.
“Gaga isn’t going anywhere," the insider declared. "While she might have some things she’s figuring out, she’s also probably doing what she does best — reinventing herself.”
RadarOnline.com has reached out to Gaga's rep for comment. 
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.