The Graham Norton Show is set to return for its 32nd series later this month.


  From the likes of Tom Hanks, Emma Stone and Sir Ian McKellen to Calvin Harris, Dua Lipa and Justin Timberlake, some of the biggest celebrities have appeared on Graham Norton's BBC talk show.


  The new series is set to be no different as Norton returns with a bang, with the first episode to be headlined by stars including Lady Gaga and Colin Farrell.


  Fans of the show won't have long to wait, with the start date for series 32 now confirmed.


  The first episode of the new series of The Graham Norton Show will air on BBC One at 10.40pm on Friday, September 27.


  The episode is set to feature Lady Gaga ahead of the release of Joker: Folie à Deux in which she plays Harley Quinn, alongside Joaquin Phoenix as The Joker.


  Hollywood superstar Demi Moore is also set to appear, making her Graham Norton Show debut, to speak about the critically acclaimed body horror movie The Substance.


  Irish actor Colin Farrell - who has appeared in the likes of The Banshees of Inisherin, The Gentlemen and In Bruges - will also be on the couch set to address his performance as the title character in the upcoming series The Penguin.


RECOMMENDED READING:


  While The IT Crowd star Richard Ayoade will also be on the show to discuss his recently released memoir called The Unfinished Harauld Hughes.


  As usual, the Red Chair segment will be back for another season.


The Graham Norton Show returns on BBC One on Friday, September 27 at 10.40pm.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.