Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Lady Gaga had less than 33 minutes of screentime.
July 11 2024, Published 1:30 p.m. ET
Lady Gaga continues to be the talk of the town.
A new photo from her Las Vegas set on June 27 revealed the "Born This Way" singer's seemingly fuller figure, as medical experts warn her weight swings may pose a major health and longevity threat. 
Doctors consulted by RadarOnline.com believe Gaga has gained as many as 30 pounds. Given that she’s put on mega-weight at least twice before, they warn it will be much harder for her to shed it this time around.
Doctors estimate Gaga has gained as many as 30 pounds.
Gaga, 38, first packed on between 25 and 30 pounds by chowing down on carbs like pizza and pasta at her dad’s Italian restaurant in New York City back in 2012. Soon after, she acknowledged, “I’m dieting right now, because I gained, like, 25 pounds.”
She then reportedly gained another 25 pounds to play Patrizia Reggiani in the 2021 movie House of Gucci. Diet and nutrition expert Dr. Stuart Fischer said he believes the 5-foot-1 Oscar winner’s up-and-down dieting has locked her in a vicious and self-destructive cycle.
“For every of body weight loss, your metabolism slows down 5 to 10 percent,” he warned. “To lose the weight again may
force her to rely on a diet drug, which comes with its own dangers!”
Longevity expert Dr. Gabe Mirkin added: “Yo-yo dieting is particularly dangerous because every time you lose weight and you regain that lost weight, you regain only fat."
“Fat cells turn on a person’s immunity to cause inflammation, which increases the risk for heart attacks, cancers, and premature death.”
The singer reportedly gained 25 pounds for her role in 2021's 'House of Gucci.'
As RadarOnline.com reported, the singer's fluctuating shape also sparked speculation that she could be pregnant with her first child last month, when she was spotted with a noticeable bump at her sister's wedding.
Fans were quick to point out that photos of the star at the family event showed her slightly-protruding belly, which was emphasized by her form-fitting black dress.
However, The Hold My Hand hitmaker quickly shut down the rumors in a TikTok video, writing in the caption, "Not pregnant."
Gaga shut down pregnancy rumors last month.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
She also referenced a line from "Down Bad," a song on Taylor Swift's latest album, writing, "just down bad cryin at the gym."
Swift even chimed in to support Gaga in the comments, saying, "Can we all agree that its invasive & irresponsible to comment on a woman's body. Gaga doesn't owe anyone an explanation & neither does any woman."
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.