By CAROLINA PIRAS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  02:03, 10 September 2024   |  Updated:  02:08, 10 September 2024   
 18
View  comments
Graham Norton took a trip down the memory lane as he opened up about the crazy 'rumour-mill' that followed his epic marriage two years ago.
The TV legend, 61, got married to BAFTA-winning filmmaker Jonathan McLeod in Bandon, West Cork, where the presenter was raised.
And rumours were very quick to escalate as A-listers were apparently spotted by locals in the rural area.
Graham and Jono tied the knot in Bantry House having opted for an Irish wedding to accommodate the former's mother Rhoda Walker. 
'I don't talk much about my personal life but the big headline is now I am a married man,' the hosting icon began on his first night of his new book tour.
'I'm surprised. I did not see that happening in my life. I am glad I waited. It is quite nice to get married at my stage in life,' he added.
Graham Norton took a trip down the memory lane as he opened up about the crazy 'rumour-mill' that followed his epic marriage two years ago 
The TV legend, 61, got married to BAFTA-winning filmmaker Jonathan McLeod (pictured in 2022) in Bandon, West Cork, where the presenter was raised
'There are perks, like the vows. At my age 'til death do us part' is more achievable. I have got things in my fridge that will outlast me.'
Fondly recalling the wedding, he continued: 'We got married but every f*cker in Bandon knew.
'You can imagine the rumour mill. I talk to celebrities for a living but I know practically none. People in Bantry said they saw Lady Gaga at Cork Airport, Elton John was seen in the local pub.
'Imagine being the man and somebody mistook you for Elton John. That is a cruel day,' Graham finished.
And the Irish star also teased some 'big stars' will be joining him on his legendary sofa, which will air on BBC One over the next weeks. 
'We are back with the chat show at the end of the month. I don't say who the guests are as it will jinx it but we have some big stars,' he said.
Last year, Graham broke his silence on his marriage to Jonathan, revealing that he wed the filmmaker in July 2022.
The news took his fans by surprise due to the private nature of their relationship.
'You can imagine the rumour mill. I talk to celebrities for a living but I know practically none. People in Bantry said they saw Lady Gaga at Cork Airport, Elton John was seen in the local pub,' he revealed
The lavish do was held with 120 guests in attendance with a rumoured performance from music icon Lulu while drag queen Panti Bliss DJed (Graham and Jono pictured in 2018)
But in the interview he lifted the lid on details from their wedding and what it was like to marry later in life. 
The lavish do was held with 120 guests in attendance with a rumoured performance from music icon Lulu while drag queen Panti Bliss DJed.
Graham later told The Guardian about the day as he joked that 'till death do us part' was 'more achievable' at the age of 60. 
He said: 'I had a joke in my speech: the vows are much more manageable. 'Till death do us part' seems more achievable at our age. 
'If you get married at 23, that's a big ask. We only have to put up with each other for a couple of decades. And then I'll be out of here.' 
Jonathan 'Jono' McLeod is an esteemed Scottish filmmaker and the couple tied the knot after having met six years previously.
Having drawn together a slew of stars for their glamorous Irish wedding, the couple have remained blissfully happy ever since.
At the time, Graham revealed: 'I got married this year and we had our wedding party near to where my mother lives in Ireland just so she could come. 
'She wouldn't have been well enough to come to London so West Cork it was. And it made me very happy.'
Opening up about marrying at 60, he said: 'I had a joke in my speech: the vows are much more manageable. 'Till death do us part' seems more achievable at our age' (pictured in May)
Speaking about their marriage, Graham went on: 'It's good so far, it would be awful if it wasn't at this stage, just a few months in, I'd like to think that even I could manage a few months.
'I'm from that generation of gays who assumed it was never going to be on the cards. So, one, it's extraordinary that it can happen, I mean, I never gave up hope of finding the one. If it was a surprise, it was a pleasant surprise.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group