You might have gotten this one wrong, Lady Gaga: A lot of queer people don’t realize their identity until later in life.
I’m sure for many of us, our first introduction to the “born this way” narrative was from Lady Gaga’s hit song “Born This Way.” As she belted out the lyrics, “I’m on the right track, baby / I was born this way,” on the radio, we sang along to the iconic song. While the sentiment has been a rallying cry in the fight for LGBTQIA+ rights for decades, the narrative falls short of capturing the queer experience.
While I do believe that I was, in fact, born this way and that being queer is innate to who I am as a person, the “born this way” narrative created false expectations in my life. When asked, “When did you know you were queer?” I often don’t know how to answer, because the answer people are expecting is, “Oh, I’ve known since I was five.”
I didn’t know that I was queer until I was about 16 years old — which is still very young in the grand scheme of things, but it makes me feel like I should have known sooner. This feeling of not being as valid in your queer identity compared to others who knew sooner can be very difficult to deal with.
It can feel isolating and make it hard for family members to take your identity seriously if it doesn’t fall into their narrow idea of what being LGBTQIA+ is. Trying to explain to uncle Joe that you are queer or transgender becomes increasingly difficult when your coming out doesn’t feel like an open secret. 
The “born this way” narrative enforces the idea that since you were born LGBTQIA+, you were very clearly and obviously not straight or cisgender from a young age. And since Uncle Joe never thought you acted gay — whatever that means — when you were younger, you must not actually be gay. It was actually all of that “liberal propaganda that they feed kids in schools these days.” 
Beyond making it more difficult to explain your queerness to older, less understanding family members, the narrative can also make late-blooming LGBTQIA+ people feel like impostors. 
For people born into religious or conservative families, it may take them years or decades into their adulthoods to realize they are queer. This later realization that they are LGBTQIA+ may come only after learning new terminology or after meeting fellow LGBTQIA+ people — both of which may take someone raised in a religious or conservative household years to come in contact with.
Being exposed to the LGBTQIA+ community late and subsequently coming out later in life does not make anyone’s queer identity less valid. It does not make them an impostor who is lying about their newfound identity. Embracing and discovering your LGBTQIA+ identity can happen at any time, and the born this way narrative does not allow for that nuance. 
Upholding the narrative that LGBTQIA+ people are born this way also doesn’t allow space for the evolution of identity over time. This narrative asserts that we, as queer people, are born being queer and, by extension, knowing that we are queer, it does not allow for any fluidity or self-discovery. For many LGBTQIA+ people, their identities have evolved over the course of their life.
This is especially true for transgender people, as they often identify as multiple different labels within the LGBTQIA+ community throughout their life. For example, it is common for transgender men to start out as identifying as a lesbian or bisexual woman in their early coming-out, then come out as transgender and change their sexual orientation from lesbian to bisexual or from bisexual to gay. 
People’s identities aren’t unchanging, especially in the LGBTQIA+ community, and the “born this way” archetype simply does not give people the space to explore their identities. While the narrative has been instrumental in initially explaining the LGBTQIA+ struggle to cisgender heterosexual people, it is now outdated and should be left in the past. 
While we can all agree that Lady Gaga is certainly iconic, we can also be “on the right track” without being “born this way.” 
Peyton Dacy is a sophomore writing about the struggles queer people face on college campuses and beyond. His column, “Lavender Letters,” runs every other Tuesday.
We are the only independent newspaper here at USC, run at every level by students. That means we aren’t tied down by any other interests but those of readers like you: the students, faculty, staff and South Central residents that together make up the USC community.
Independence is a double-edged sword: We have a unique lens into the University’s actions and policies, and can hold powerful figures accountable when others cannot. But that also means our budget is severely limited. We’re already spread thin as we compensate the writers, photographers, artists, designers and editors whose incredible work you see in our daily paper; as we work to revamp and expand our digital presence, we now have additional staff making podcasts, videos, webpages, our first ever magazine and social media content, who are at risk of being unable to receive the support they deserve.
We are therefore indebted to readers like you, who, by supporting us, help keep our paper daily (we are the only remaining college paper on the West Coast that prints every single weekday), independent, free and widely accessible.
Please consider supporting us. Even $1 goes a long way in supporting our work; if you are able, you can also support us with monthly, or even annual, donations. Thank you.
Career Fair Guide April 2025
Housing Guide 2025
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Google Map Settings:
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them: