By MARGARET ABRAMS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:59, 6 May 2024   |  Updated:  18:04, 6 May 2024   
 42
View  comments
Lash extensions have become a go-to for many women over the years - visiting a lash tech every few weeks for the pricey treatments.
But now, some are saying goodbye to the trend as costs continue to skyrocket. 
Women have recently been flocking to social media to show off how they do their own lashes at home as they complain about ultra-high salon prices, where lash extensions can cost hundreds a month and thousands a year. 
If you're considering ditching your lash tech for good and don't know where to start, here's what to know about at-home lash kits, from prices to application. 
A now-viral TikTok received more than 140,000 views when US-based content creator Camilla revealed: 'The lash industry is dying because we can do it at home for under $2' 
Women are ditching their lash techs because it's easier than ever to turn inexpensive lash strips into extensions with the right products (stock image)
A now-viral TikTok received more than 140,000 views when US-based content creator Camilla, who makes videos as Yolkandhome, revealed: 'The lash industry is dying because we can do it at home for under $2.' 
Camilla uses a Pompadour Kiss Lash Pack ($11.99) from Walmart and cuts the strips into pieces before applying them underneath her lash line with Kiss lash glue ($4.99). 
'I can't afford the pricing, I can't afford the time, and I'm also really struggling to tip lash artists when they're working outside of their home,' Camilla told her followers, who agreed with the sentiment. 
It takes Camilla about five minutes and the cost per set, which lasts from four to six days, breaks down to under $2 per use.  
Commenters agreed that skyrocketing prices are posing problems for previously loyal customers, with one woman writing, 'I have my cosmetology license and worked in the salon for a long time…. The cost for some of these things has gotten out of control. Nails especially.' 
Another major issue is how time consuming it is to keep up with lash extensions professionally. 
'I loved getting my eyelashes done but I don't have time to go close my eyes for two hours every two to three weeks in the middle of the day,' a commenter complained. 
Women are also ditching their lash techs because it's easier than ever to turn inexpensive lash strips into extensions with the right products.
The Lash Industry is dying because we can do it at home for under $2. 
It takes Camilla about five minutes and the cost per set, which lasts from four to six days, breaks down to under $2 per use
'I can't afford the pricing, I can't afford the time, and I'm also really struggling to tip lash artists when they're working outside of their home,' Camilla told her followers, who agreed 
Seattle-based DIY lash extension company Lilac St. breaks down the pricing on its website, explaining, 'Eyelash extensions can cost anywhere from $30 to $200 on average,' excluding tipping - and high-end salons tend to charge upwards of $250, especially if it's somewhere that caters to events like weddings. 
Boston-based Casey Hart, the Director of Marketing at Lilac St., told DailyMail.com, 'The most common benefits we hear from our customers is the amount of time and money they are saving by switching.'
Casey also hears people switching to improve their lash health because 'lash salons use cyanoacrylate glues, which are in the same category as superglues and are known to cause breakage.' 
Lilac St. uses one-of-a-kind formulas made with acrylate copolymers, which is in the same category as skin-safe surgical glues, to promote lash health - which is another benefit of DIY, as the real lashes don't fall off when the extensions do. 
There are other potential damages from professional lash extensions, including lash mites, scabs, and swelling, which don't happen with DIY options because people are cleansing the product and removing it more thoroughly.  
'While lash extensions could cost upwards of $200 with refills every two weeks, our lashes start at just $11 a set and can last up to 10 days,' Casey said. 
The Los Angeles-based brand Lashify, founded by CEO Sahara Lotti, sells a $125 Lashify Control Kit with different lengths and curl options
The lash kit has been embraced by celebrity makeup artists and has been worn on the red carpet by Megan Fox, Vanessa Hudgens, Lady Gaga and more
Lashify invented a patented system that's designed to be placed on the underside of the lash without any damage to preserve the natural lash
The Los Angeles-based brand Lashify, founded by CEO Sahara Lotti, sells a $125 Lashify Control Kit with different lengths and curl options. 
The lash kit has been embraced by celebrity makeup artists and has been worn on the red carpet by Megan Fox, Vanessa Hudgens, Lady Gaga and more. 
Lashify invented a patented system that's designed to be placed on the underside of the lash without any damage to preserve the natural lash.
Lashify's director of education Jill Medicis told FEMAIL 'an initial extension appointment can cost an average of $150 to $300 depending on your location and the desired look,' along with fills that can cost upwards of $100 every two weeks. 
Comparatively, after buying the Lashify kit, people can subscribe and then they only have to buy re-fills of lashes for around $12 monthly. 
The secret to making Lashify stay on as long as extensions is the proper aftercare. 
'You want to ensure that you avoid any oils touching the lashes while you wear them as oil breaks apart the bond ensuring a gentle removal,' Jill advised. 
Once you've mastered applying the lashes - and keeping them on - you can save thousands. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group