Comedian Tim Dillon only has a brief role in “Joker: Folie à Deux,” but he has strong opinions about the movie.
The 39-year-old called the DC sequel starring Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga “the worst film ever made” on Joe Rogan’s podcast last week.
“I think what happened, after the first ‘Joker,’ there was a lot of talk like, ‘Oh, this was loved by incels. This was loved by the wrong kinds of people. This sent the wrong kind of message. Male rage! Nihilism!’ All these think pieces,” said Dillon, who played a guard at Arkham Asylum in the 2024 film.
“And then I think, ‘What if we went the other way,’ and now they have Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga tap dancing to a point where it’s insane,” he added.
Dillon said “Joker 2” “has no plot” and recalled realizing the movie was going to bomb while he was on set.
“We would sit there, me and these other guys were all dressed in these security outfits because we’re working at the Arkham Asylum, and I would turn to one of them and we’d hear this crap and I’d go, ‘What the f— is this?’ ” he shared. “And they’d go, ‘This is going to bomb, man.’ I go, ‘This is the worst thing I’ve ever seen.’
We were talking about it at lunch, and we’d go, ‘What is the plot? Is there a plot? I don’t know, I think he falls in love with her in the prison?’ It’s not even hate-watchable. That’s how terrible it is.”
Rogan, 57, asked if the movie is atleast “so bad it’s good,” which Dillon shut down.
“You’re sitting there and there’s these people in the theater and they’re all confused. I’m watching their reactions and they’re all staring and everything. It starts and it’s raining and its Arkham Asylum and you’re like, ‘Okay, cool,'” Dillon explained, before noting that the film then goes into a musical number featuring Phoenix, 50.
The first “Joker” film in 2019 was a huge success, grossing over $1 billion and winning two Academy Awards, including Best Actor for Phoenix.
The sequel, however, was an immediate flop upon its Oct. 4 release. Some fans walked out of the theater early, while most critics crucified the film in their reviews. 
The Post’s Johnny Oleksinski gave “Joker: Folie à Deux” 1 out of 4 stars and said it was a “pointless sequel.”
It was also reported that Warner Bros. lost an estimated $150 million to $200 million on the movie.
However, Quentin Tarantino surprisingly raved about the film on “The Bret Easton Ellis Podcast” last month.
“I didn’t find it an intellectual exercise. I really got caught up into it. I really liked the musical sequences. I got really caught up,” the famous director said. “I thought the more banal the songs were, the better they were.”
Tarantino, 61, also said Phoenix gives “one of the best performances I’ve ever seen in my life” in the sequel.
Advertisement