Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Loving tributes to a 39-year-old mum, a shopkeeper, a judge and a canon, are among those paid to loved ones in the Gazette's funeral and death notices this week.
Announcing the passing of a loved one in local news media is a long standing tradition and we are proud of the trust placed in us to make these important announcements. Every notice published to our newspaper and news site also appears on funeral-notices.co.uk - the UK’s number one site for death notices and memoriams.
Every notice remains online forever providing friends and families with a lifelong tribute to their loved one, a safe place online to share memories, add tributes, photographs and make donations in memory. 
Each week we pay tribute to the loved ones remembered in our area with a funeral notice and online tribute page. To read the latest announcements and add tributes to those from our area who have passed away, or to create a funeral notice yourself, click here. Alternatively, you can create a notice by calling our helpful team on 01482 908084.
Here are a selection of notices published earlier this week.
Letitia Anderson Blake
(Letty) Aged 84. Passed away peacefully in Astune Rise Care home with Eric, Janet & Roseanne by her side. A beloved wife to Eric, mother to Janet & the late Stuart. Grandmother to Georgina, Lucy & Dylan. Great-Godmother to Gabriela. Daughter of the late Jane & Earnest Spence. Sister to Roseanne and the late Fiona, Lesley & Robert. Cousin to Ruth. Funeral service to take place on Monday 30th December at 2pm at Kirkleatham Memorial Park and Crematorium. Family Flowers Only. Our hearts are broken and our lives are changed forever. You need suffer no more pain reunited with Stuart your much loved and missed son. Rest in peace with the angels in heaven. Enquiries to Fawcett and Hetherington, 92 High Street, Eston, 01642 459555.
John Aneurin Carter
Peacefully in Hospital on November 18th, aged 66 years. He will be sadly missed by all his loving family and friends. Service and Cremation to take place in the Chapel of St Bede, Teesside Crematorium on Tuesday January 7th at 3:30 p.m. Donations in lieu of flowers to Age UK.
Tony Cole
(Anthony) Peacefully at home in Guisborough on December 6th Tony aged 77 years. Beloved husband of Dorothy, dearly loved dad of Stephen and Angela, dear father-in-law of Susan and Lee and much loved grandad of Daniel, Georgie, Arthur, Jacob and Edith. Funeral service at Kirkleatham Crematorium on Friday December 20th at 3pm prior to cremation. Will friends please meet at the crematorium. Family flowers only please. A collection box will be available for donations in lieu of flowers, if so desired, for Cancer Research UK and Marie Curie.
John William Evans
John passed away suddenly at home in Stoctkon-on-Tees on Thursday 12th December, aged 70 years. Cherished dad to Antony, Nicola and David, treasured grandad of Danni and Jack, loving husband to Carol, dear step-dad of George, beloved son of Kathleen and Dicky, dearest brother of Linda, David, Colin, Jane, Lisa and the late Joyce and Karen, also a special brother-in-law, uncle, cousin and friend to many. John was much loved by all. Family and friends please meet for service on Tuesday 7th January at Stockton Parish Church at 10am, prior to burial within Durham Road Cemetery, which will be followed by a celebration of John's life at the Buff's Club. Family flowers only, donations will be gratefully on the day for Macmillan Cancer Support. All enquiries to Crake and Mallon Funeral Service tel. 01642 611716.
Patricia Anne Frankland
(nee Freeman ) Peacefully whilst in hospital on December 13th, Pat aged 83 years. Dearly loved wife of the late Trevor, much loved mam of Allison and Fiona, dear mother-in-law of Andy, cherished nanna of Kyle, Emma and Guillaume, loving sister of Kay and Bill, dear sister-in-law of Pete, Kath, Alwyn and Pat. Also a dear aunt. A celebration of Pat's life will take place on Friday 20th December at 1.30pm in St Bede's Chapel, Teesside Crematorium. Friends please meet at St Bede's Chapel and afterwards at the Municipal Golf Club. Family flowers only please. Donations if so desired to Maxi's Mates. A donation box will be available outside the chapel. Resting at Colin McGinley Funeral Service 235a Acklam Road, Middlesbrough TS5 7AB Tel. 01642 826 222
Pauline Julia Greaves
(Nee Burrell) Aged 85 years passed away peacefully on Sunday 8th December 2024 surrounded by her family. Beloved wife of Peter, a much loved mam of Julie, Ian and David, a dear mother-in-law, cherished grandma and great-grandma. Funeral service to be held at 2pm in the Maplewood Chapel, Stockton-on-Tees Crematorium on Monday 23rd December. Family flowers only please, donations in lieu can be made to the Butterwick Children's Hospice. A donation box will be available at the crematorium chapel.
Marjorie Grey
(Nee Burrows) Marjorie passed away peacefully in Roseville Care Centre on 12th December, aged 87 years. Beloved wife of the late Derek, much loved mum of David and Sarah, loving mother-in-law of Andy, treasured grandma of Gemma and Chris, cherished great-grandma of Harris, dear sister of Keith, also a dearest sister-in-law, auntie and friend. Family and close friends please meet for service on Wednesday 8th January 2025 at Bluebell Chapel, Stockton Crematorium at 1.30pm, prior to a service of thanksgiving for Marjorie's life at Greens Lane Methodist Church at 2:15pm, to which all are welcome. Family flowers only please, donations will be gratefully received on the day for the Lewy Body Society. All enquiries to Crake and Mallon Funeral Service tel. 01642 611716.
Veronica Hutchinson
(Nee Savage) (Ron) Passed away peacefully on 6th December 2024, at Ascot Nursing Home. Beloved wife of the late Bill. Loving mother of Kevin and the late Neil. Treasured mother-in-law, nana and great-grandmother. Funeral service to take place on Friday 20th December, in St Bede's Chapel, Teesside Crematorium at 2.30pm. Family flowers only please, donations in lieu to Dementia UK, a box will be provided after the service. All enquiries to Rose Funerals 01642 820 795
Gwendoline Margaret Hutchinson
(nee Boyes & Whitehead) Passed away peacefully on 11th December. Gwen aged 98 years. Beloved wife of the late Fred and Robert. Much loved mum of Helen, Jane and the late Nick. Dearly loved grandma of Phil, Richard, Craig and Paula also a special great-grandma. Funeral Service to take place in Darlington Crematorium on Monday 30th December 2024 at 3pm. All are welcome. Family flowers only please by request. Donations in lieu if so desired to Great North Air Ambulance.
Olive Jones
(nee Appleyard) Peacefully on the 12th of December 2024, Olive aged 95 years. Dearly loved wife of the late Harry, much loved mam of Denis, Maxine, Gordon, Jackie and late David, also mother-in-law, nanna and great-grandma. A celebration of Olive's life will take place on Monday 30th December at 2.30 pm in St Bede’s Chapel, Teesside Crematorium and afterwards at the Municipal Golf Club. Donations if so desired to Alderwood Social Fund. A donation box will be available outside the chapel. All enquiries to Relph Funeral Services, 255-257 Acklam Road, Middlesbrough, TS5 7BW Deep in our hearts you will always stay, loved and remembered everyday.
Patricia Jones
(Nee Regan) Peacefully at home on 9th December, surrounded by her loving family Patricia aged 79 years. Beloved wife of the late Tony. Treasured Mother of James, Martin, Joanne, Patsy and Stephen. Adored nana of Jessica, Lucy, Rory, Patrick, Sean, Megan, Matthew, Emily, Ben, Izzy and James. Special great-nana of Torryn, Clara and Lyla. Much loved mother-in-law, sister and auntie. We will love and miss you forever. Funeral service to celebrate Pat's life will take place at St Bede's Chapel, Teesside Crematorium on Friday 20th December at 1pm. Family and friends are warmly invited to attend. Family flowers only please. Donations in lieu to Cancer Research. All enquiries to Rose Funerals 01642 820 795
Maureen Maddren
Maureen passed away peacefully at home on 14th December, aged 76 years. Beloved wife of the late Ves, adored mam of Chris, Craig, Lindsey, Shaun and Kirsty, also a cherished sister, mother-in-law, gran, aunt and friend. Family and friends please meet for requiem mass on Monday 13th January 2025 at Holy Rosary RC Church, Billingham at 12noon, prior to burial within Billingham Cemetery. All enquiries to Crake and Mallon Funeral Service tel. 01642 611716.
Gordon Oliver McLaughlan
Passed away unexpectedly on 29th November 2024 at home aged 94 years. Devoted husband to the late Judy. Dearly loved father to Ross and Tina. Treasured grandfather to Oliver, Toby and Annabelle. Funeral Service to take place in St Bede's Chaple, Teesside Crematorium, Acklam Road, Middlesbrough on Friday 20th December at 11.00am. Floral tributes and all enquires to Thornaby Funeralcare, 407-409 Thornaby Road, Thornaby, TS17 8QN. Telephone number 01642769933
Carole Pearce
It is with great sadness that we announce the passing of Carole Pearce. Carole passed peacefully with her family beside her on 7/12/24. Carole will be sadly missed by her son Mark, daughter Claire, daughter-in-law Claire and son-in-law Darren, grandchildren Demi, Liam, Jude and Faith, great-grandchildren Marcie, Riella, Avani, and her brothers/ sisters and extended family whom she dearly loved. Funeral will take place on Friday 27th December at 11am Maplewood Chapel, Stockton Crematorium. In respect of Carole's wishes no flowers please, a collection will be taken for Make a Wish Foundation, should you like to give. Family are invited to attend Thornaby Cricket Club for refreshments following the service.
George Alan Pink
(Alan) Husband of the late Marjorie and partner of Fran. Father of the late Christopher, Stuart, Trevor and Graham. Father of Ian and father in-law of Val and Denise. grandfather, great-grandfather and great-great-grandfather. Died peacefully after illness on the 11/12/24. His funeral will be held at Redcar Crematorium on the 03/01/25 at 12 noon.
Joan Podgorski
Sadly passed away on the the 8th December, aged 94 years. Joan was dearly loved and will be deeply missed. Funeral service to be held on Wednesday 18th December at 3pm in Kirkleatham Memorial Park. Family flowers only, donations will be kindly accepted to the RNLI. All enquiries to Greeves & Sons, Redcar. 01642 490444.
Muriel Pounder
(Nee Shaw) Peacefully in Nunthorpe Oaks Care Home on Tuesday December 10th Muriel aged 90 years, formerly of Great Broughton. A much loved mum, grandma, sister and auntie. Funeral service at St. Bede's Chapel, Teesside Crematorium on Monday December 23rd at 2pm prior to cremation. Will friends please meet at the crematorium. Bright colours to be worn please, no mourning attire. Family flowers only. A collection box will be available at the crematorium for donations in lieu of flowers, if so desired for Guide Dogs For The Blind
Michael Purcifer
(Mick) On December 8th peacefully at home after a short illness surrounded by his loving family, Mick, aged 71 years of Stockton. Devoted husband of Sue, much loved dad of Zoe, dear father-in-law of Marc and cherished grandad of Isla. Service to take place in the Maplewood Chapel, Stockton Crematorium on Monday December 23rd at 11am. Friends please meet at the crematorium chapel. Family flowers only please, any donations in lieu to Cancer Research UK. A donation box will be available at the crematorium chapel. Crake and Mallon Funeral Service, 45 Norton Road, Stockton. 01642 611716
David Ian Rand
(Dave) Passed away peacefully but suddenly at home 6th December aged 78 years. Beloved husband to the late Dorothy. Much loved dad to David and Tracy and a friend to many in the RNLI, Police and beyond. Funeral service to be held in St Hilda's Chapel, Teesside Crematorium on Monday 23rd December 2024 at 3.15pm. Family flowers only, donations in lieu would be appreciated to RNLI. Marton Funeralcare 36 Stokesley Road Marton Middlesbrough TS7 8DX
John Edgar Rix
Peacefully in Kirkley Lodge Care Home on December 7th John aged 91 years. A much loved and sadly missed brother of Raymond and the late Tom, a dear brother-in-law of Florence, uncle to Carol, Alison, Richard and Andrew and great-uncle of Thomas, his wife Rachel, Sophie and Charlie. Funeral service and cremation to take place on Monday December 30th at 1.45pm in the chapel of St Hilda Teesside Crematorium. Would friends please meet at the crematorium chapel. Family flowers only please, donations in lieu, if so desired, to The RNIB, a donation box will be provided after the service. All enquiries to The Co-op Funeralcare Memorial House 398 Linthorpe Road Tel 01642 828301.
Eleanor Robinson
Devoted and loving wife of the late Rob. Dearly loved mum to Michael, Jeffrey & Derek & loving mother-in-law to Julie & Linda. Loving grandma to Natalie, Stuart, Matthew, James & Kate & loving grandma-in-law to James & Carys. Loving great-grandma to Toby, Posy, Finlay & Elliott. Also a dear aunt and friend to many. A service will take place on Friday 20th December at 1pm in Maplewood Chapel, Stockton Crematorium. Family flowers only. Colourful clothing by request. Donations if desired are for Willowdene Care Home Staff & Residents Social Fund.
Colin Robinson
Suddenly but peacefully at home in Skelton on December 10th Colin aged 82 years. Dearly loved dad of Amy, dear father-in-law of Ali and much loved gaga of Amira. Funeral service at Kirkleatham Crematorium on Tuesday December 24th at 10am prior to interment in Skelton Cemetery. Will friends please meet at the crematorium. Family flowers only, a collection box will be available for donations in lieu of flowers, for the Dialysis Unit at ormesby-and-berwick-hills>North Ormesby.
Edwin Robson
(Eddie) Passed away on 12th December at James Cook University Hospital, aged 87 years. A loving dad, grandad, great-grandad and great-great-grandad. Service to take place at Kirkleatham Memorial Park and Crematorium, at 1pm, on Monday 6th of January. Friends, please meet at the chapel. In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to the MFC Foundation. All enquiries to Fawcett & Hetherington, Eston. 01642 459555.
Pauline Lorraine Sanderson
(nee Saunby) (Shop Keeper, Arkrights) Peacefully in hospital on 8th December. Dearly loved wife of Will, much loved mam to Adrian, dear mother-in-law of Paula, loving grandma of Leah, Chloe and Gabby, and dearest sister to Judy and Brian and Philip and Myra. Funeral Service to be held in Our Lady Star Of The Sea RC Church, Staithes on Friday 27th December at 11am, prior to cremation at Kirkleatham Memorial Park. Family flowers only by request, donations in lieu if so desired to Haematology Unit, James Cook University Hospital and Dementia UK. Resting at and enquiries to Harry Thompson Funeral Service Loftus Tel; 01287 643375 "Open All Hours"
Enid Smith
(nee Welch) Peacefully on December 9th, Enid, aged 91 years (of Marton). Devoted wife of the late Geoff, dearly loved mum of Susan and Anne, dear mother-in-law of Clive and Dave, loving grandma of Tim, Jenny and Daniel. A much loved great-grandma and sister. Funeral service to be held at St Bede's Chapel, Teesside Crematorium on Friday December 27th at 1pm prior to cremation. Friends please meet at St Bede's Chapel. Family flowers only please, donations in lieu if desired to The Alzheimer's Society, retiring collection at the chapel. All enquiries to Relph Funeral Service, 22 Stokesley Road, Marton Tel 01642 927863
Michelle Taylor
We miss you always, our darling daughter Michelle. Our hearts were shattered the day you had to leave and the memories we treasure so dearly are reflected in the tears that still flow. You are in our thoughts every single day and that's how it will always be. Though you may now be in Heaven, you'll forever remain with us and the tears will flow. If only we could see your beautiful face once more or hear your voice one last time, just like it was before, the tears will flow. The day Heaven calls for us will bring us peace from this pain. We will run to you with open arms and be together again, then the tears will stop. From your broken-hearted Mam and Dad xxxxxxxxx
Passed away unexpectedly on 3rd December, aged 39, surrounded by her loving family. Our vibrant Michelle. Beloved daughter to Alan and Janette. Much-loved and adored mam to Aliyah and Niyla. Devoted and loving partner to Benjie. Dearly loved sister to Craig, Alan, and Laura, and sister-in-law to Becki, Vicky, and Marc. Loving auntie to Alyssa, Grace, Max, Jake, Arlo, and Chester. A dear friend to many. She was loved by all. Forever in our hearts and never forgotten. The cortege will leave from Michelle's parents' home at 12.30pm. Service at St. Hilda's of Whitby Church, Birchington Avenue, on Monday, 23rd December, at 1pm. Followed by burial in Eston Cemetery. A celebration of Michelle's life will take place at St. Mary's Club, Grangetown. All are welcome. Floral tributes may be sent to Hetherington Funeralcare. Hetherington Funeralcare Buxton House 10A High Street Normanby TS6 0JZ Tel: 01642 453097
Dearly loved niece of the late Norma and George and a much loved cousin. Find the softest pillow Lord, to lay her head upon, place a kiss upon her cheek and tell her who it's from xxx
No farewell words were spoken no time to say goodbye. You were gone before we knew it and only God knows why. Love uncle Peter and the late auntie Linda xxxxxxxxx There's so much to say so many memories to share About a wonderful cousin who did nothing but care. Not just to us but to all those who knew her genuine kindness would always shine through. Our family nights out will never be the same love and miss you Shell. Your broken-hearted cousins Nicola, Patrick, Ryan & Nicole Xxxxxxxxxxxx Find the softest pillow lord to lay her head upon place a kiss upon her cheek and tell her who it's from. You will never be forgotten our beautiful cousin. Love Alan, James, Leon, Leah, Reece & Josh Xxxxxxxxxxxx Of all the special gifts in life however great or small. To have you as my cousin was the greatest gift of all. To us you were very special what more is there to say. Except we wish with all our hearts that you were here today. Love and miss you so much Shell your broken-hearted cousins Lyndsay, Erin, Mason & Taylor Xxxxxxxxxxxx
You carried us as children and held on to our hands, you loved and treasured us every day and taught us how to stand. Of all the scary things in life that we could ever fear, nothing is more frightening, than not having you here. But Mam you taught us how to be strong and taught us how to stand, even now you aren't here, to hold on to our hands. We are grateful for what you taught us, we are grateful for all your love, we know you watch over us, from the Heavens above. We love and miss you so much Mam, Love from your broken-hearted daughters Aliyah-Jean & Niyla-May xxxxxxx
My beautiful fiancé, Shelly. Every moment reminds me of you, Shelly. You are never out of my heart or my thoughts. You are a part of me, now and always. Though you may be gone, I still see your beautiful face and hear your laughter echoing in my mind. Your love continues to fill my world, even in your absence. I will love you forever, Shelly. I will cherish you forever, even in death. You were, and always will be, my everything. Forever yours, Benjie xxxxx
Second born, the heart of four, a sister we cherished, loved and adored. Between us all, you led us through, with kindness, love and a heart so true. The middle of us, yet the centre of all, a steady hand when we'd stumble or fall. Your laughter and love lit up our days, creating memories in countless ways. Though you've left this world, we're not apart, you live in our minds, you live in our hearts. Forever our sister, forever our guide, in every step, you walk by our side. Dearly loved sister to Craig, Alan & Laura. A loving sister-in-law to Becki, Vicky & Marc xxxxxxx
Deep in our hearts you will always stay, loved and remembered every day. A very dear Niece of Pamela and the late Jimmy, and a cousin to Jacqueline and Tony xxx
Our dearly loved niece Michelle. Those we love don't go away, they walk beside us everyday. Unseen, unheard but always near, still loved, still missed and very dear. Love Uncle Bruce & the late Auntie Eileen xxxx Our special cousin Michelle. The day you left and gained your wings our hearts just broke in two, we wish you could have stayed with us but Heaven needed you. You left us with our memories and we love you dearly still, no matter how much time goes by you know we always will. You were a very special person with kindness in your heart and the love we had together grows stronger now we're apart. We know we cannot bring you back although we wish it everyday, but a piece of us went with you the day you went away. Loved, missed & remembered always. Angela & Mick, Gemma & Kev, Kevin & Georgia, Carly & Adam, Chloe & Lewis and families xxxx Susan & Andy, Natalie & Lilly, Caela & Lisa and families xxxx John & Emma, Elisha & Lukas, Amelia & Lisa, Jay & Katie and Louie xxxx
Mary Margaret Thompson
(Nee Kernan) Sadly passed away on Tuesday 26th November 2024, at St. Nicholas Hospice in Bury St. Edmunds, aged 71 years. Loving wife to Howard, mother to James and Hannah, and grandmother to Thomas and Joshua. Funeral service to take on on Friday 3rd January, 12 noon at St. Edmunds Catholic Church, Westgate Street, Bury St. Edmunds, Suffolk IP33 1QG, followed by burial at Culford Woodland Burial Ground at 1.30 pm. Donations in memory of Mary, may be made to St. Nicholas Hospice Care, Bury St Edmunds, online or at the service, for details and enquiries, contact L. Fulcher Funeral Directors, 80 Whiting Street, Bury St. Edmunds, Suffolk IP33 1NX, tel: 01284 754049.
Joan Maria Tunney
(Maria) Peacefully in hospital on Friday 6th December 2024, Maria Tunney (nee Johnson), mother, grandmother and great-grandmother. Love always from Shaun and Sarah, Daniel and Gemma, Lisa and Tom, Beka and Jodie, Mackenzie, Connie, Jack and Annie. The funeral service will be held on Friday 3rd January 10.30 at St Bede's Chapel, Teesside Crematorium. Following on there will be a celebration of Maria's life at Billingham Golf Club. Donations to RSU, Ward 24, North Tees Hospital.
Susan Walker
(nee Ferguson) Died peacefully in hospital on 9th December surrounded by her family, aged 63 years. Beloved wife of Kevin, devoted mam of Reece and Imogen. A dearly loved sister and sister-in-law. Will be deeply missed by family and friends. Service to take place in St Patrick's RC church, Fairfield on Monday 30th December at 10:30 am prior to interment at Durham Road Cemetery. Family flowers only please. Donations in lieu if desired to James Cook Hospital Ward 14 Cancer Care Fund
Kenneth William Wall
(Ken) Died peacefully on Tuesday 10th December at Brotton Hospital. Beloved brother to Ian & Malcolm. Ken lived in Middlesbrough and attended Ayresome School, then became a Pattern Maker, before moving to Upsall Hall Adult Training Centre, dealing with adults with additional needs. He ended up as Centre Manager before retiring. For many years he devoted much of his leisure time to Small Bore Rifle Shooting, gaining many medals and trophies and holding many roles in a variety of clubs. An unattended private service will take place. Greatly missed by all All enquiries to Co-op Funeralcare, Park Lane, Guisborough, TS14 6NT. 01287 637700.
Francis Paul Watson
His Honour Judge Watson - Francis Paul KC Peacefully passed away on 4th December 2024 aged 71 years. Funeral service at Hutcliffe Wood Crematorium, Sheffield, 3.30pm Friday 3rd January 2025. Family flowers only but, if wished, donations made payable to St Luke's Hospice may be sent to Wood Funeral Service, 848 Ecclesall Road, S11 8TP.
Theresa Ann Wood
(nee Chapman) Passed away unexpectedly on 5th December 2024 in hospital, aged 78 years. Devoted and loving wife to the late Ronald Brian Wood. Dearly loved mother to Annette, Peter, John, Steven & Joanne, also mother-in-law to Gary, Aynur, Emma & Nikki. Loving nana to Gemma, Becky, Leanne, Callum, Amy, Melissa, Alfie, Jack, Joe, Archie, Adam, Ryan, Bethany, Ashleigh, Aaron & Alex. Dearly loved great-nana to Leon, Lincoln, Aimee, Emma, Lauren, Clover, Levin & George. Also a dear & much loved sister, sister-in-law, aunt and friend. A service will take place on Monday 23rd December at 10.30am in Bluebell Chapel, Stockton Crematorium. All family and friends are warmly welcome to share memories and refreshments at Trimdon Village Hall following the service. Flowers welcome. Donations if desired are for the British Heart Foundation.
The Rev'd Canon William Wright OBE
Bill passed away at the Whitehouse Care Home on 15th December, aged 97 years. Beloved husband of the late Pamela and father to Martin and the late Paul. Family and friends please meet for service on Monday 6th January at Maplewood Chapel, Stockton Crematorium at 2pm. All enquiries to Crake and Mallon Funeral Service tel 01642 611716.
John William Duncan
Passed away on December 20 2013. His family and friends celebrate his passion for life and teaching every day.
Andrew Peter Ford
Thinking of you my darling son. Another Christmas without you. Love and miss you forever. Mam, Keith and Chris xxx
Precious memories of a wonderful, loving son who left us 19 long years ago. Words could never describe your loss and how much we miss you. The love you gave and the memories we made will be with us in our hearts forever. Rest in peace my dear boy. Love always from Dad, Suzanne, Chris, Rebecca, Emma and all the family xxxx
Ann Kulcsar
Tell her that I love her and when she turns to smile, Place a kiss upon her cheek and hold her for a while. Love Mam x
(Muppet) 3 years since I lost my muppet and soulmate. Miss you and the laughs we had together. Nobody will ever replace what I had with you. I hope you are settled in your new life upstairs. You are still with me every single day. Till we meet again. Love you always and forever Karen
Samantha Simpson
Sam, 15 years have passed since we could hold you in our arms. We will hold you in our hearts forever. Your beautiful memory we treasure each day of our lives, The music ended far too soon. All our love, as always Mum, Dad, Rob and Charlotte xxxx
Paul Wilkinson
Nine long lonely years without you Paul and I miss you each and every day. You were a wonderful husband and father. I love you now and will forever. Your devoted wife Pat (Trish) xxxxx
Arthur William Blower
Susan, Steven and family would like to say a heartfelt thank you to everyone for the many lovely thoughts, messages, cards, and flowers received and to everyone who attended Arthur's funeral. Your kind charitable donations totalled £483.86 Arthur will never be forgotten, reunited with his beloved Pauline xxx Coop Funeralcare
To add your own tributes to the loved ones from our area, or to publish a notice for your loved one, visit funeral-notices.co.uk. Our thoughts are with the family and friends of those we have lost.
For breaking news in your area direct to your inbox every day, go here to sign up to our free newsletter