Photo: Getty Images
Lady Gaga and fiancé Michael Polansky are living out every hopeless romantic's dream love story as they blissfuly float towards marriage. 
The "Poker Face" hitmaker recently sat down with Vogue as part of the magazine's September cover story to discuss her forthcoming film, Joker: Folie à Deux, the creation of her seventh studio album, LG7, and her beautiful, blossoming relationship with beau Micheal Polansky. Gaga revealed that her mother actually crossed paths with her fiancé before she did, knowing immediately that he was the one for her daughter. 
"I think I just met your husband."
At the time (2019) the iconic songstress was unsure that she was ready to meet her husband, but kept Polansky's name in the back of her mind until the two met at a mutual friends birthday party later that year and "talked for three hours." 
Call it fate or simply good timing, Gaga and Polansky went on to exchange phone numbers, and, after dating for a while, quarantined together in Malibu in 2020. 
"It was really kind of special. I’d been so focused on my career since I was a teenager. And the gift of that time was that I got to completely focus on my relationship. I met this totally supportive, loving human being who wanted to get to know me — outside of Lady Gaga."
Polansky described their warm and open connection as a "weird normalcy" that cemented an exciting new chapter. 
"We had this amazing chapter of a weird kind of normalcy that’s essential for any relationship to develop in a real way — taking walks, making coffee, hanging out with the dogs, reading books together."
The "Bad Romance" star, who is currently involved in anything but, mentioned that her forever plus one proposed in April 2024 after the pair spent the day rock climbing. 
Gaga continues to cite true love and happiness as she flashes glimpses of her massive diamond engagement ring during public dates with Polansky, exciting Little Monsters across the globe. A wedding date has yet to be announced as the standout readies for the release of Joker: Folie à Deux, out this fall, and continues to craft her highly-anticipated album.