Want to know more about Big Rig? Get his official bio, social pages and more!Full Bio
New Papa Roach Album Will Be 'Diverse', 'Experimental'
The next Papa Roach album will be unlike any the band has released before.
That's according to guitarist Jerry Horton, who told The Mistress Carrie Podcast the new album is "diverse" and "experimental", as well as "emotional" and "dynamic".
The recording sessions saw the band "bounce around" with different producers and studios.
Horton didn't share a title or release date for the record.
Earlier this month, the band announced the 'Rise of the Roach' 25th anniversary tour with Rise Against and Underoath.
Foo Fighters' Chris Shiflett Announces Signature Fender Guitar
Foo Fighters guitarist Chris Shiflett has teamed up with Fender for a new release!
Shiflett and the company have come together to release a new signature guitar.
"We put a lot of love and research into creating the American made version of my signature model, The Cleaver," Shiflett said in a statement. "It's been road-tested, dropped on its head, kicked around, x-rayed, strummed, chicken-picked, and arpeggio swept! I'm excited to announce we've made a great guitar that's adaptable to all situations. Can't wait to get this into the hands of players everywhere!"
The guitar will be available in two finishes: Dakota red and charcoal frost metallic.
Check out more at Fender.com!
Killswitch Engage Announce New Album, Share 1st Single
Killswitch Engage will release their first new album five years in early 2025.
This Consequence is the band's ninth studio album and sixth with original vocalist Jesse Leach.
The band also shared the lead single, "Forever Aligned". Leach described it as "one of those songs that is not just about us as humans, our love, and connection, but that connection to the unknown, the greater power, the universe, or God."
This Consequence will be out Feb. 21st. Killswitch Engage will also launch a North Ameri
GREEN DAY: Headlining Coachella
The rumors about Green Day headlining Coachella are true. They join the previously announced Post Malone, while Travis Scott will perform during a special guest slot. Also on the bill are Lady Gaga and The Go-Go's.
Lady Gaga closes it out on Friday, Green Day on Saturday, and Post Malone on Sunday.
This will be Green Day's first performance at the Indio, California festival, but second for the band's Billie Joe Armstrong, who made a special appearance with The Replacements in 2014.
Post Malone last played at Coachella in 2018.
The festival will take place over two weekends in April -- the 11th, 12th and 13th, and the 18th, 19th and 20th.
GENESIS: Time for the Lamb to Lie Down Again
Genesis are celebrating the 50th anniversary of their sixth album, The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway, which was released on November 22nd, 1974. With input from all five members -- Tony Banks, Phil Collins, Peter Gabriel, Steve Hackett and Mike Rutherford -- it will be released as a Super Deluxe Edition in numerous configurations, including Dolby ATMOS.
The original album mix has been remastered at Abbey Road Studios from the 1974 analog tapes, and this new collection includes The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway Live at the Shrine Auditorium (in Los Angeles) from January 24th, 1975. That has also been remastered and includes two encore tracks, “Watcher of the Skies” and “The Musical Box.” This will be the first time the full live show, including the encore tracks, has been released in its entirety.
There are also three never-before-released demos from the Headley Grange Session included as part of a digital download card with the full audio from the set, a 60-page coffee table style book with new interviews with the complete band who tell the story of The Lamb… -- from the writing sessions to live performances, and replicas of their 1975 tour program, ticket and poster.
The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway 50th Anniversary Super Deluxe Edition will be released on March 28th.
GEORGE HARRISON: Big Seller
George Harrison’s early Beatles-era Futurama guitar was the star of Julien's Auctions' Played, Worn & Torn 2 sale Wednesday in Nashville. It sold for $1.27 million, twice its estimate, to set a record for the highest sale of a Harrison guitar. He played the guitar in at least 324 Beatles performances and used it on their first official recordings for Polydor.
Other big sellers Wednesday included:
·Eric Clapton’s stage-played and signed Fender Eric Clapton Signature Stratocaster: $65,000
·John Lennon's stage-played 1962 Fender Jazzmaster "Jenny" and 1961 Bandmaster Piggyback amp: $63,500
·Paul McCartney’s signed handwritten Q magazine letter to John Lennon (never published): $28,575, which was nine-times the estimate of $3000–$5000
·Kirk Hammett of Metallica’s signed Epiphone '79 Flying V electric guitar: $26,000 benefiting Gibson Gives
·Mark Knopfler's signed Fender American Vintage 2 '61 Stratocaster electric guitar: $16,250 benefiting the Sweet Relief Musicians Fund
·Keith Richards' signed Fender American Vintage 2 1951 Telecaster electric guitar: $7800 benefiting the Sweet Relief Musicians Fund
Day two of the auction is today (Thursday).
JASON BONHAM: Sad, But Not Mad
Jason Bonham says he's "sad" at being let go by Sammy Hagar as part of The Best of All Worlds band. He tells UCR, "Sammy rang me a while ago. He was asking about my mom, but then he said, 'Y'know, I'm not gonna do much next year,' blah, blah blah, 'and I'm gonna go with Kenny [Aronoff].' I was a little shocked, I must say. I'd be lying to you if I wasn't a little sad, because we were on fire at the end of the tour. And I got a little upset. That was strange, after 10 years of being with him."
Aronoff filled in for Bonham on the last seven dates of The Best of All Worlds summer tour when he had to fly to England to attend to his mother Pat who had a stroke, but who is on the mend.
Bonham adds, "Listen, I love [Sammy] to bits. I don't wish him any ill. I still speak to him. Honestly, the guy has taught me so much -- about business, being positive. I'm an English guy; I can be really negative half the time. Even if the sun is shining, 'but it could rain.' He really helped me in that aspect big-time, and business sense and never taking no for an answer, always believing in yourself. "So, yeah, I had a great 10 years. He allowed me to always do what I wanted to do. When my thing would get busy he always gave me the space. I couldn't ask for more." 
And according to Sammy, it came down to scheduling when planning The Best of All Worlds Las Vegas residency, April 30th through May 17th. "I just feel like kind of a semi-obligation number-one, but it's also convenient for me -- and I hate to be like -- but, hey at my age I don't like difficulties. But it has nothing to do with talent 'cause Jason's as good as any drummer on the planet. He couldn't make it. We're doing Stagecoach, the Sunday [April 27th] before the first Wednesday and Jason said, 'I can do Stagecoach, but I can't do that Wednesday, you know, for instance. You know, just things like that. And I'm not saying I'm not gonna play with Jason ever again. I'm sure Jason and I will play music every chance we have to get together. You know, hopefully he'll come to Cabo my Birthday Bashes and stuff."
Hagar also told us that his other band, The Circle, which also featured Bonham, is no more.
Bonham is touring with his band, Jason Bonham's Led Zeppelin Evening, through December 16th in Tampa with more dates next year including the Rock Legends Cruise in February, as well as European dates with his other band, Black Country Communion.
The dates for Sammy Hagar's The Best of All Worlds Las Vegas Residency at Dolby Live at Park MGM are April 30th and May 2nd, 3rd, 7th, 9th, 10th, 14th, 16th, and 17th. Tickets go on sale Friday at 10 a.m. PT at Ticketmaster.com. Complete details are at RedRocker.com.
ELTON JOHN: One Out of Two Ain't Bad
While Elton John’s latest Broadway musical, Tammy Faye, has been a bust with a closing date of December 8th after only 29 performances, his London musical, an adaptation of the movie The Devil Wears Prada starring Vanessa Williams, has been selling out. This Friday in London, the cast will perform for King Charles and Queen Camilla at the Royal Variety Performance at the Royal Albert Hall. Elton will be there to introduce the cast
.
Elton will also be part of The Wonderful World of Disney: Holiday Spectacular on ABC December 1st. It will start streaming on Hulu and Disney+ on the 2nd. Elton taped his performance of “Your Song” last week at the Magic Kingdom in Florida. Elton’s new documentary, Never Too Late, starts streaming on Disney+ on December 13th.
STEPHEN PEARCY Doesn't Think MÖTLEY CRÜE 'Would Want To Play' After RATT On Hypothetical Joint Tour
Ratt singer Stephen Pearcy has either made a threat to Motley Crue, or it's a hint that he'd like to tour with them. Greg Prato of AllMusic.com told Pearcy that when he wrote his book, World Infestation: The Ratt Story, some of the people he interviewed for it said Ratt should have been included in The Stadium Tour in 2022 with Def Lepppard, Motley Crue, Poison and Joan Jett.
Pearcy agreed that they should have been on the bill, saying, "I don't think Motley would want to play after us. And that's how it would have settled up. We still have some kind of competition out there, y'know? We would consider it, like, 'What? We're going to open up for you?' So yeah, we should have. It would have made sense. I mean, I don't care if you put us third, fourth, whatever -- our motto was, 'Go out there and beat your ass, anyway.' And if they know you're playing first, they'll come and see you first, second, third or whatever."
Asked if he has tried to reunite the surviving members of Ratt's classic lineup in support of last year's reissue of their first album, 1984's Out of the Cellar, Pearcy said, "I had made those attempts. And some of my guys, they're complacent and some of them…it's not even a matter of not needing to financially. It's a matter of…some of them don't have the drive that I do. And without [late Ratt guitarist] Robbin Crosby -- who was really important in keeping the band together and keeping us directed -- he was the guy who pretty much directed us. I created it, he directed it. I made attempts."
Pearcy continues to tour with a show this Friday in Bloomington, Illinois followed by four more for the year.
ROD STEWART: Scaling Back
Rod Stewart raised a few eyebrows on Monday when he announced that his tour next year will be called One Last Time. Having often said he has no plans to retire, he felt the need to clarify the name of the tour, writing on Instagram:
This will be the end of large-scale world tours for me, but I have no plans to retire. I love what I do, and I do what I love. I’m fit, have a full head of hair, and can run 100 meters in 18 seconds at the jolly old age of 79. I’d like to move onto a Great American Songbook Swing Fever tour the year after next – smaller venues and more intimacy. But then again, I may not…The Ambiguous Rod Stewart.
One Last Time 2025, with Cheap Trick opening, starts with a one-off date in March before getting under way for real on July 8th in Raleigh, North Carolina with 17 shows through August 15th in Maryland Heights, Missouri outside of St. Louis. But before that, Stewart has dates in Spain and Denmark in December, followed by one in New Jersey and three in Florida in February and early May, and then it's back to Las Vegas for his residency at Caesars Palace in March, late May and June, with Europe in late March and April.
IN OTHER NEWS
Joe Walsh took to social media yesterday (Wednesday), which happened to be his 77th birthday. He posted a photo from his younger days and captioned it, “This young man had trouble sitting still, expressing himself and relating to other people. He found various tricks (and pills and potions) through the years that seemed to make those things more manageable, but the things that really saved his a** were his guitar, his friends, the music they made together, the love he shares with his family and 30 years of blessed sobriety. Today this young man turns 77 years old and he still sees this kid in the mirror. We did good, kid. We did it one day at a time.”
Yes singer Jon Davison denies allegations he ripped off his friend and fellow prog artist Riz Story, who claims Davison and Yes guitarist Steve Howe stole the music from his song “Reunion” and used it in the Yes song “Dare to Know.” In a lengthy post on the Yes website, Davison says, “It’s hard to put in words how it feels to wake up one day to hear that a person who I thought was a friend has brought not only an utterly fictitious, but also, a defamatory case against me,” adding that the allegations are “blatant lies… Any suggestion that I might have heard this generic melody when we were younger, let alone thought it was worthy of Yes, is utterly absurd. Our lawyer described this as a ‘shakedown,’ and I can see no better word for it.”
Noah Weiland, the son of the late Stone Temple Pilots and Velvet Revolver singer Scott Weiland, has released his new single and accompanying video, "2 Nights."