Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
A Madame Tussauds wax figure of Beyoncé has sparked a wave of criticism on social media, with detractors insisting the statue looks like everybody but the star.
Madame Tussauds Blackpool in the U.K. shared photos of the new wax figure on Instagram on Thursday, alongside a new sculpture of fellow singer Lady Gaga.
"Let's Dance! Our two BRAND NEW global super stars have arrived!" read a caption accompanying photos of Beyoncé figure. "Queen Bey and Lady Gaga have landed in our Alist Awards Party and are bringing some serious red carpet vibes.
"Get down to Madame Tussauds Blackpool this Saturday and be the first to see them in the (wax) flesh!"
However, the enthusiasm displayed by the museum has been met with a notably contrasting reaction on X, formerly Twitter, where many said that the figure resembled a range of stars over Beyoncé.
"The Beyoncé one is REALLY BAD," said one X user in reaction to the images, while another asked: "Is Beyoncé that difficult to make correctly?"
"When you're not sure if you've been assigned for a Rihanna, Tyra Banks, or a Beyonce figure," wrote another X user.
A post shared by Madame Tussauds Blackpool (@mtblackpool)
"Tinashe, what are you doing here!" quipped another unconvinced fan.
Referencing Beyoncé's stage alter ego, another reacted: "That's not even Sasha Fierce... that's Tasha Timid."
"Beyoncé is lookin more like Carrie from King of Queens," wrote another, in reference to the sitcom character portrayed by Leah Remini.
Beyoncé is lookin more like Carrie from king of queens pic.twitter.com/jkS27j6jz1
TMZ picked up on the Remini comparisons and shared a photo of the wax figure on X, alongside the caption: "Beyonce's new wax figure is being compared to Leah Remini. Who do you think it looks like?"
Remini soon weighed in, expressing her amusement—and feeling of flattery—at the comparison to the 42-year-old singer.
"I am screaming! And loving all the tweets!" Remini, 53, wrote. "This perimenopausal woman will take any and all comparisons to the beautiful Beyoncé!"
I am screaming! And loving all the tweets! This perimenopausal woman will take any and all comparisons to the beautiful Beyoncé! https://t.co/d8qVR90tcQ
Beyoncé has yet to publicly weigh in on the wax figure. Newsweek has reached out to representatives of Madame Tussauds Blackpool and Beyoncé via email for comment.
The Break My Soul hitmaker's wax figure is not the only one that has failed to impress in recent months. Sculptures depicting singer Ariana Grande and actor Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson have been mocked by detractors.
A figure of Lil Wayne, which went on display at the Hollywood Wax Museum in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee, received a hilarious response from the rapper.
After the statue was compared to everybody from Steph Curry to Bob Marley, Lil Wayne, whose real name is Dwayne Michael Carter Jr., wrote on X in October: "Sorry wax museum but dat s*** ain't me! You tried tho and I appreciate the effort."
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC