Flickering Myth
Geek Culture | Movies, TV, Comic Books & Video Games
October 17, 2024 by EJ Moreno 
The dark days for DC are not over yet. Joker: Folie à Deux was set to be another box office smash following the billion-dollar success of Todd Phillips’s first outing. It’s not shaping up as such, with the sequel poised to be a disaster.
The movie math does not look great for the sequel, as after two weeks, it was only at $51.5 million domestically and $165 million globally. By comparison, the first Joker generated $96.2 million domestically and $248.4 million globally after three days of release.
Adding to the sad news, Joker: Folie à Deux cost $200 million to produce and roughly $100 million to market and distribute, which means breaking even during its theatrical run will be more challenging. It will need a reported $450 million at the box office to do so (ticket sales are split between studios and theater owners).
Putting that all together, one source speculates the film will lose its backers just north of $200 million, while another believes the damages may be closer to $125 million. That has been disputed, though: “Any estimates suggested by anonymous ‘insiders’ or ‘rival executives’ are grossly wrong and continues a trend where rumor is reported as fact,” a Warner Bros. spokesperson said in a statement. “The film continues to play in theatrical release, included with this week’s opening in China, and will continue to earn revenue throughout its home viewing and ancillary run.”
SEE ALSO: Original Joker: Folie à Deux endings had Lady Gaga’s Lee going full Harley Quinn
Joker: Folie à Deux will be released digitally soon, and it could make a surprise recovery during awards season. Sadly, it seems like DC and Warner Bros. have finally found a way to put the Joker down for good.
“Joker: Folie Ą Deux” finds Arthur Fleck institutionalized at Arkham, awaiting trial for his crimes as Joker. While struggling with his dual identity, Arthur not only stumbles upon true love but also finds the music that’s always been inside him.
The new film stars Joaquin Phoenix once again in his Oscar-winning dual role as Arthur Fleck/Joker opposite Oscar-winner Lady Gaga (A Star Is Born). The film also stars Oscar nominees Brendan Gleeson (The Banshees of Inisherin) and Catherine Keener (Get Out, Capote), alongside Zazie Beetz, reprising her role from Joker.
Filed Under: EJ Moreno, Movies, News, Top Stories Tagged With: DC, dc studios, Joker, Joker: Folie à Deux, Todd Phillips
EJ Moreno is a film and television critic and entertainment writer who joined the pop culture website Flickering Myth in 2018 and now serves as the executive producer of Flickering Myth TV, a YouTube channel with over 27,000 subscribers. With over a decade of experience, he is a Rotten Tomatoes-approved critic who is also part of the Critics Choice Association and GALECA: The Society of LGBTQ Entertainment Critics.
 

© Flickering Myth Limited. All rights reserved. The reproduction, modification, distribution, or republication of the content without permission is strictly prohibited. Movie titles, images, etc. are registered trademarks / copyright their respective rights holders. Read our Terms of Use and  Privacy Policy. If you can read this, you don't need glasses.