The new 2LP special edition includes live recordings from the album's New York City launch show, featuring Lady Gaga
The Rolling Stones have announced details of a special edition re-release of their 2023 album ‘Hackney Diamonds’.
The iconic band released their 24th studio album in October last year, their first body of new material since 2005’s ‘A Bigger Bang’. It included guest appearances from Lady Gaga, Elton John, Paul McCartney and Stevie Wonder, and featured the last recordings of the band’s late drummer Charlie Watts.
Now, a new double LP version on “clear blue splatter” vinyl has been made available to mark the one-year anniversary of its release, with the addition of seven live recordings from the record’s launch party in New York last October, including ‘Sweet Sounds Of Heaven’ with Gaga.
The anniversary edition of Hackney Diamonds is out now alongside special anniversary merch. Shop the 2LP splattered vinyl and CD including Live At Racket, NYC! https://t.co/mWsz7FAyrS pic.twitter.com/ABuhpJiLFn
— The Rolling Stones (@RollingStones) December 6, 2024
‘Hackney Diamonds (Anniversary Edition)’ was released on Friday (December 6) and you can buy your copy here. The full tracklisting is:
In a four-star review of ‘Hackney Diamonds’, NME described it as an “absolute barnstormer”, adding: “But if ‘Hackney Diamonds’ does round off the most successful career in rock music ever, it wouldn’t be a bad place to leave it. A natural end, but definitely not a normal one.”
Ronnie Wood also spoke to NME about the “explosive” songs on the album and how they would translate live. “I have complete faith. We could play the whole album, you know what I mean? But [Mick and Keith] will go, ‘Oh no Ron, that’s so ambitious’. We’re not gonna forget the back catalogue”.
The Stones played a 20-date ‘Hackney Diamonds’ North American tour this year, between April and July.
Elsewhere, in October, former Stones bassist Bill Wyman spoke about how he, Watts and Wood were only “scraping by” during the band’s tours in the ‘80s and early ‘90s, and said he wished he had left the band earlier than 1993.
Keith Richards also gave a surprise performance at the Country Music Hall Of Fame induction ceremony in October, for a version of Gram Parsons’ ‘I Can’t Dance’ with Eagles‘ Vince Gill, Emmylou Harris, and drummer Steve Jordan.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.