By GERAINT LLEWELLYN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:35, 27 September 2024   |  Updated:  12:51, 27 September 2024   
 42
View  comments
Lady Gaga has lifted the lid on her engagement to fiancé Michael Polansky and revealed the couple had tried to keep the news a secret.
But the singer, 38, accidentally let the cat out of the bag during the Olympics in July when she could be heard referring to the businessman, 46, as 'my fiancé' in a video shared by French Prime Minister Gabriel Attal, after she performed at the Opening Ceremony. 
Speaking on Friday's Graham Norton Show she said:  'He proposed on April 1st, and I thought he was joking'.
'Then when we went to the Olympics, we were filmed saying hello to the Prime Minister and I was caught on camera saying 'This is my fiancé'.
Before Gaga, Stefani Germanotta, laughed: 'I had wanted to keep it a secret!'.
Lady Gaga, 38, has lifted the lid on her engagement to fiancé Michael Polansky, 46, and revealed the couple had tried to keep the news a secret.
The singer accidentally let the cat out of the bag during the Olympics in July when she could be heard referring to the businessman as 'my fiancé'
The video was  shared by French Prime Minister Gabriel Attal (L) after she performed at the Opening Ceremony
Gaga was joined on the show by Demi Moore, 61, Colin Farrell, 48, and Richard Ayoade, 47, where she spoke about her role as Harley Quinn in Joker: Folie à Deux.
Describing the movie she said: 'It breaks genre in many ways – it's funny, it's a drama, there's dance, there's music, and everything conspires to make this unique and special film.'
She and co-star Joaquin Phoenix recorded all their singing live on set, something she Oscar winning actor 'didn't like at first'.
'[That] was hard, but he did it and was phenomenal. It was really fun and interesting to do and watching it back it may be the most vulnerable singing I have ever done.'
At the film's UK premiere, the singer-turned-actress, who plays Harley Quinn in the film, radiated joy as she showed off her love for Michael on the red carpet.
The couple was spotted exchanging kisses throughout the event, walking arm-in-arm and holding each other close.
She arrived at Cineworld Leicester Square looking stunning in a custom Celine gown designed by Hedi Slimane.
It comes after Gaga expressed her excitement about starting a family with the Haravard businessman. 
Speaking on Friday's Graham Norton Show she said: 'He proposed on April 1st, and I thought he was joking'
'Then when we went to the Olympics, we were filmed saying hello to the Prime Minister and I was caught on camera saying 'This is my fiancé' 
At the film's UK premiere, the singer-turned-actress, who plays Harley Quinn in the film, radiated joy as she showed off her love for Michael on the red carpet
'I’m so happy to be in love, and I’m so excited to have a family,' she told BuzzFeed Canada on Thursday when asked about her 15-year goals. 'So that’s definitely number one.'
The couple was first romantically linked around New Year's Eve 2019 and later went Instagram official in early 2020.
Polansky is a 2006 graduate of Harvard University and runs Napster founder Sean Parker's Parker Group.
Throughout their years dating, Gaga and Polansky have attended the Super Bowl, the BAFTAs, and the Critics Choice Awards together.
They reportedly decided to go their separate ways in early 2023 due to the singer-songwriter wanting marriage and children and the tech executive not being ready to take those steps. 
Describing the movie she said: 'It breaks genre in many ways – it's funny, it's a drama, there's dance, there's music, and everything conspires to make this unique and special film' (pictured with co-star Joaquin Phoenix) 
She and co-star Joaquin Phoenix recorded all their singing live on set, something she Oscar winning actor 'didn't like at first' (pictured together in the movie)  
The pair reportedly had an amicable dissolution to their coupling, and remained friends.
Then, in August 2023 they were spotted together for the first time in more than a year.   
The entertainer had two previous engagements that were called off.
She ended her engagement to Christian Carino in early 2019, and after becoming engaged to actor Taylor Kinney in 2015 they broke up in 2016.
The Graham Norton Show, BBC One, Friday 27th September 10.40pm. Also available on BBC iPlayer.
The Graham Norton Show, BBC One, Friday 27th September 10.40pm. Also available on BBC iPlayer

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group