By 

	Emily Zemler


	Apple TV+ debuted a holiday edition of Carpool Karaoke featuring three of 2024’s biggest pop stars: Lady Gaga, Dua Lipa, and Chappell Roan. The special, A Carpool Karaoke Christmas, sees the musicians joining Apple Music’s Zane Lowe in Tokyo, Missouri, and Los Angeles as they sing along to both holiday classics and their own tunes. 

	The special includes a cameo from James Corden, who created Carpool Karaoke. “I’m delighted Carpool Karaoke is back to celebrate the holidays in true style,” Corden said in a statement. “I’ve entrusted Apple Music’s very own, the brilliant Zane Lowe, to drive our superstars to work and reminded him it’s so important to keep his eyes open while he sings. We can’t wait for everyone to see it.”

	Lowe added, “This was hands-down the most fun I have ever had in a car. I’m very grateful to James for trusting me behind the wheel of a very expensive car with three of music’s most exciting artists and I’m honored to be part of bringing this special A Carpool Karaoke Christmas to fans all over the world.”

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Toby Keith's Horse Raced in the Kentucky Derby: How Did Render Judgment Do?		
	








	Alongside the special, which is now streaming in the U.S. and will roll out globally on Dec. 20, Lady Gaga and Lowe dropped a special version of “Santa Claus Is Comin’ to Town” on Apple Music. Listen here. 

Carpool Karaoke began as part of late-night series The Late Late Show with James Corden before becoming a stand-alone variety series in 2017. It concluded its fifth season on Apple TV+ in 2023. The holiday special marks the first time the three singers have appeared on the series. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.