"This perimenopausal woman will take any and all comparisons," she tweeted.
 Leah Remini is relatably thrilled that people see a resemblance between her and a new Beyoncé wax figure.

 “I am screaming! And loving all the tweets! This perimenopausal woman will take any and all comparisons to the beautiful Beyoncé,” Remini, 53, wrote on social media Thursday.

Kevin Mazur/WireImage; Allen Berezovsky/Getty
 Remini's post was in response to a TMZ Live tweet featuring a photo of the figure and the caption, "Beyonce's new wax figure is being compared to Leah Remini. Who do you think it looks like?"

 UK-based Madame Tussauds Blackpool unveiled the wax Beyoncé, as well as a new one of Lady Gaga, on their Instagram on Thursday. "Let's Dance! Our two BRAND NEW global super stars have arrived! Queen Bey and Lady Gaga have landed in our Alist Awards Party and are bringing some serious red carpet vibes," the Instagram post reads. "Get down to Madame Tussauds Blackpool this Saturday and be the first to see them in the (wax) flesh!"

 Remini wasn't the only famous face that fans thought resembled the music icon's statue. While it's clear from the comments that not many see a resemblance to Bey, other lookalike names thrown out include Rihanna and Tyra Banks.

 Beyoncé's wax figure is the latest in a long line of head-scratching celebrity likenesses. In October, Lil Wayne hilariously reacted to a figure of himself, tweeting, "Sorry wax museum but dat s--t ain’t me! You tried tho and I appreciate the effort."

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)