Are wedding bells on the horizon for Lady Gaga and her tech entrepreneur boyfriend Michael Polansky? Fans and followers of the pop icon are buzzing with excitement over the news that Lady Gaga appears to be engaged to her longtime beau. 
The rumors gained traction after a TikTok video posted by French Prime Minister Gabriel Attal from the 2024 Paris Olympics on Sunday. In the video, the 38-year-old singer is shown introducing her longtime love as “Michael, my fiancé” while chatting with Attal. A very patriotic Gaga, wearing a Team U.S.A. bomber jacket and shades with a slicked-back ponytail, is seen casually discussing her opening ceremony performance with the politician. Fans quickly picked up on her referring to Michael as her “fiancé.”
This verbal confirmation from the star comes three months after she was first spotted with a huge sparkler on that finger while stepping out in West Hollywood back in April. ET and People have reached out to Gaga’s representatives for comment, but the singer’s introduction has already set the engagement rumors aflame.
The engagement marks the latest milestone in the pair’s relationship, which the 13-time Grammy winner made Instagram official in February of 2020. The couple first made headlines at the start of that year after they were spotted kissing as they rang in 2020 at midnight on New Year’s Eve. Since then, their relationship has been a topic of great interest to fans and media alike.
While the two have kept their romance mostly out of the spotlight over the years, Gaga has occasionally opened up about her feelings for Michael in interviews. She has referred to him as “the man that I love” and “the love of my life.” Similarly, sources close to the couple have shared that they are deeply in love and perfect for each other. “Gaga and Michael are serious and are very much in love,” a source dished to ET in 2022.
Despite their preference for privacy, the couple has been spotted together on several special occasions. Notably, they were seen together at the presidential inauguration in January 2021, where Gaga performed “The Star-Spangled Banner.” They were also spotted in the stands at the 2024 Super Bowl in February, further fueling the public’s fascination with their relationship.
Two months after their Super Bowl appearance, Mother Monster sparked engagement rumors when she was spotted wearing a huge diamond ring. This sighting set off a wave of speculation and excitement among fans, who have been eagerly awaiting any news of a potential engagement.
This isn’t Gaga’s first engagement. The Oscar winner was previously engaged to actor Taylor Kinney. She was also engaged to talent agent Christian Carino.
Back in 2020, the upcoming Joker star expressed her desire to get married and start a family. “I will say I am very excited to have kids,” she told InStyle at the time. “I look forward to being a mom.” Her recent engagement to Michael Polansky seems to be a step toward fulfilling that dream.
The news of Gaga’s engagement has delighted fans worldwide, who have been following her journey both professionally and personally. As fans eagerly await official confirmation from Gaga and her team, the excitement continues to build. Whether it’s her powerful performances on stage or her candid moments of love and happiness, Lady Gaga never fails to captivate and inspire.
Stay tuned for more updates on Lady Gaga and Michael Polansky’s engagement as we follow this exciting new chapter in their lives. Congratulations to the happy couple!
By: Michelle |
July 29, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, Featured Post, GOSSIP, MOVIES, MUSIC  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!