#Kenito is back in full force.
Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny have rekindled their romance, and they aren’t hiding their on-again relationship anymore. In fact, the model and the singer have leveled up their love with matching looks.
The couple both made cameos at Vogue World: Paris on Sunday, with Jenner, 28, modeling both on foot and horseback and Bad Bunny, 30, performing at the star-studded event.
And their Tour de France kept going as they were spotted out and about all over the City of Light, including at an event for Fwrd, the clothing retailer for which the “Kardashians” star serves as creative director.
While she chose a semi-sheer Jacquemus maxi dress ($1,485), the “Monaco” singer, whose real name is Benito Ocasio, coordinated in his own all-black outfit.
Benito went with pleated trousers and an oversized jacket that cinched at the waist, sporting one black leather glove as he exited the dinner with his cherie.
On another date night in Paris, they amped it up even more, hitting up celeb-loved restaurant Ferdi for dinner and coordinating in gray and black looks. Kendall showed some love to younger sister Kylie Jenner in a matching silver set comprised of low-rise pants ($76) and a twisted top ($66) from the makeup mogul’s Khy fashion line.
For his part, Bad Bunny looked dapper in a simple silver suit and black T-shirt, adding some edge in unreleased Adidas sneakers.
The famous pair have a very fashionable history; they were seen getting cuddly at a Met Gala afterparty in May after reports that they “reconnected” during a New Year’s Eve trip to Barbados with friends.
They parted ways in December after less than a year of dating — though their first go-around was another master class in matching clothes.
In 2023, they had a back-to-back date weekend, coordinating in black leather looks while out at Giorgio Baldi and sitting courtside at a Los Angeles Lakers game in his-and-hers snakeskin boots.
Benito has even dipped into Kendall’s closet, sporting her gold “K” necklace on Instagram last year. 
And what is a stylish couple without a joint ad campaign? The duo put their best luggage forward in an ad for Gucci last year, perhaps foreshadowing their international romance.
Advertisement