Netflix dropped a surprise 30-second teaser trailer for a film fans have now waited nearly three decades for and it boasts a glittering cast.
The clip which was shared on Christmas Day (December 25), revealed more details about the eagerly-anticipated Happy Gilmore 2, which serves as a sequel to the 1996 comedy Happy Gilmore. The Adam Sandler-fronted comedy followed an aspiring hockey player who decides to try and become a pro golfer instead in order to save his grandmother's home from being repossessed.
The second film has remained shrouded in mystery, but the first teaser has revealed a few hints about the storyline as well as a first-look at Bad Bunny and NFL star Travis Kelce in their roles. "It's great to see you back Mr Gilmore," Kelce's character says, as Adam Sandler's Happy inspects a sports jersey.
The clip also teased the return of Modern Family star Julie Bowen to the franchise as Happy's girlfriend, Virginia Venit. In an intimate moment, she tells him "We've only just begun," before the pair share a kiss.
Thousands of people flocked to the comments section under the teaser trailer on Netflix's Facebook page to share their initial thoughts. "Loved the first movie. Can’t wait for this one," wrote one eager fan, as another said: "Took way to long to make a part 2 the original will always be a classic."
One fan, suggesting a storyline tweak, added: "Would have been great if they switched it around. This time golfer turning hockey player." Meanwhile a fourth fan said: "YES! Can't wait. Best movies of the 2000's. I watch them over and over all the time."
Many of the original Happy Gilmore crew are back on board. The original film's co-writer Tim Herlihy, director Dennis Dugan and producers Jack Giarraputo and Robert Simonds are all credited on the sequel.
Meanwhile the cast includes Adam Sandler as Happy Gilmore, Christopher McDonald as Shooter McGavin and Julie Bowen as Virginia Venit. While Bad Bunny, real name Benito Martínez Ocasio, and Travis Kelce are in the cast, little has been confirmed about their characters.
For fans that need a refresher before the new film is released next year, the original Happy Gilmore ended with Adam Sandler's titular character succeeding in his golfing career and ultimately saving his grandmother's home.
Happy Gilmore 2 is coming in 2025
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.