The Puerto Rican rapper even got a birthday shout-out from the actor.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	As one of the world’s biggest global music stars, it was only fitting that Bad Bunny helped present best international feature film at the 2024 Oscars on Sunday (March 10) — which just so happens to be the “MIA” artist’s birthday.

	Taking the stage alongside Dwayne Johnson at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles, the Puerto Rican artist began his portion of the presentation by speaking in Spanish. He poignantly noted, “Cinema is a universal language,” after which The Rock joked, “See? He’s not such a bad bunny.”

	










	Then, after running through the category’s nominees, Benito — looking dapper in a black suit ensemble — got to read the winner off of the cue card. “And the Oscar goes to The Zone of Interest!” he declared, switching over to English.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Johnson — who charted on the Billboard Hot 100 with his 2016 Moana song “You’re Welcome” — also made sure to wish the singer-rapper, who turned 30 on March 10, a happy birthday. 

	Directed by Jonathan Glazer, the winning film takes place in German-occupied Poland during World War II, where “Auschwitz commandant Rudolf Höss and his wife Hedwig strive to build a dream life for their family in a house and garden beside the camp,” according to IMDb.

	Brought to theater screens from a U.K. production team, Zone of Interest beat out Italy’s Io Capitano, Japan’s Perfect Days, Spain’s Society of the Snow and Germany’s The Teachers’ Lounge. It marks the first British film to win best international film at the Oscars.

	During his acceptance speech, Glazer took a moment to remind the audience about the ongoing violence in the Middle East. “Right now we stand here as men who refute their Jewishness and the Holocaust being hijacked by an occupation which has lead to conflict for so many innocent people, whether the victims of Oct. 7 in Israel or the ongoing attack in Gaza,” he said.

	In October, Bad Bunny released his fifth studio album, Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana. The 22-track project debuted atop the Billboard 200.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.