Just in time for Easter, Bad Bunny is hopping into the Windy City.
From March 28-30, the Hip-Hop hitmaker will bring his ‘Most Wanted Tour’ to Chicago’s United Center for three huge back-to-back-to-back gigs.
At past concerts on the nationwide run, the 30-year-old superstar “split the show into three acts, performing his ‘Nadie Sabe’ tracks, then took it back to his trap roots before performing a few acoustic tracks (and) ended the night with ‘un perreíto’” according to USA Today.
If this sounds like the show for you, it isn’t too late to scoop up last-minute tickets.
Prices start at $94 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication.
For those that prefer to get closer to the action, floor-level seats can be secured for as low as $401 before fees.
Want to get down with Bad Bunny live?
We’ve got everything you need to know and more about Bad Bunny’s ‘Most Wanted Tour’ concerts at Chicago’s United Center below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar of Bad Bunny’s United Center concerts including dates, start times and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found here.
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
For those that aren’t in Chi City, you can catch Bad Bunny on the road all the way up until early June this year.
You can find tickets for all of his upcoming ‘Most Wanted Tour’ concerts here.
Bad Bunny went all out at his first ‘Most Wanted Tour’ show in Salt Lake City on Feb. 21.
For a closer look, here’s what he performed, according to USA Today:
In October 2023, Bad Bunny dropped his fifth studio album “nadie sabe lo que va a pasar mañana,” which he claims is a nod to his trap roots and for the day-one fans.
Thing is, this record is packed with so many catchy beats and hooky choruses that it should be easily accessible to listeners both new and old.
Over 22 tracks, the rapper delivers 81 minutes of pulsing club tracks meant to get crowds hyped like the hypnotic “HIBIKI,” the dreamy “FINA” and the alternately spacey and throbbing “CYBERTRUCK.”
For our money though, the standout is the lush throwback “Monaco” with its cinematic score under Bad Bunny’s impeccable flow (plus, it doesn’t hurt that the music video features Al Pacino).
If you want to hear the already very popular record in its entirety, you can stream “nadie sabe lo que va a pasar mañana” here.
Artists featured on the album include Arcángel, Bryant Meyers, Feid, La Paciencia, Mag, Mora, Ñengo Flow, Tainy, and Young Miko.
The 30-year-old Vega Baja native (whose real name is Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio) was first spotted leaving a restaurant with Jenner, 27, by TMZ in February 2023.
Three months later, they made their first official public appearance at a Lakers-Warriors NBA playoff game on May 12.
“I know something is going to come out. I know [people are] going to say something. People know everything about me, so what’s left for me to protect? My private life, my personal life,” Bad Bunny told Rolling Stone in an interview published in June.
In late September, the pair appeared in a Gucci Valigeria luggage ad which fans have speculated is their official couple announcement.
On Dec. 17, the two officially split. Two weeks later, they were seen celebrating New Years together near Barbados with good friends but confirmed they are “not back together.”
Many of the biggest stars in music are hitting the road this year.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live in the near future.
• Peso Pluma
• Xavi
• Feid
• Chayanne
• Grupo Firme
Who else is on tour? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 here to find out.