By
			
			Luke Y. Thompson		

Life-sized Sith Lords have never been so affordable. It was only a matter of time, after Home Depot scored massive social media traction with a ten foot skeleton and “life-sized” realistic werewolf that they would turn to licensing. And few licensed products are as big as Star Wars. 
Starting this year, weather permitting, Darth Vader will be able to stand in your yard, representing at least two holidays as he comes with removable gear for both Halloween and Christmas.
Lord Vader costs $299.99, which may seem like a lot for a home decoration, but consider that it’s less than the cost of a 12-inch Hot Toys Darth Vader, and a tiny fraction of what Sideshow charges for a fully detailed, 1:1 Darth Vader replica. The Home Depot Darth Vader includes LED effects, lifelike movement, and authentic quotes and sounds (one assumes heavy breathing).
Want him extra-spooky? Decorate him with the Death Star pumpkin accessory. Need your bad guy a bit more merry? Swap out the red lightsaber for a candy-striped one, but don’t ask how the kaiburr crystal works on that one. There’s a Death Star ornament, too.
The 7-foot Vader goes on sale Saturday, May the 4th (of course) as an online exclusive at HomeDepot.com. Supplies are limited, and we’d say expect a sellout, at least this year, so act quickly if you want to be first on the block to set Anakin on your own high ground.
If Darth Vader does well (who are we kidding, he’s guaranteed to do well) we can likely expect more. Boba Fett seems like a natural follow up, as well as more holiday accessories for Vader. Thermal detonator Easter egg, anyone? Would you dare put bunny ears on the dark lord? And Stormtroopers; just imagine the army-building possibilities. Some people did buy hordes of the ten-foot skeletons, after all.
Luke Y. Thompson has been a professional film critic since 1999, and part of the toy blogging community since the aughts. He was the first blogger to cover Comic-Con panel by panel for a major trade publication, and has several LA Press Club awards and honorable mentions, including one for reviewing fast food. Follow him on most social media sites as lytrules.
Share article