(1) WHO WROTE THE BOOK OF (DRAGON) LOVE? “But Do They F*** The Dragon? An Oral History of Dragon Romance” by Bree Bridges at Reactor.
… Fortunately for young Bree, McCaffrey wasn’t the only one infusing fantasy with complicated women in complicated relationships. Maybe it was my love of the way Michael Whelan painted dragons that led me across the library to one of the most romantically charged dragon covers of the ’80s: Melanie Rawn’s Dragon Prince.
In the (usually 800+) pages of Melanie Rawn’s fantasy novels I found everything I loved: dragons that you sometimes get to talk to, complex and flawed heroines who have to make hard choices and embrace their power, and an acknowledgement that romantic love has a power to shape kingdoms and a magic all its own.
(And dragons. Always, dragons.)
But as much as I adored what I found in the pages of these books, something was still missing. Yes, romance appeared. It was even important sometimes—the lifelong love between Sioned and Rohan impacts the nearly 5,000 pages that follow!…
As for the payoff promised in the title – Bridges has a little list.
… Riding the Dragon, as it were, is hardly a new pastime. I’m just glad it’s got a shiny new brand so we can bring new friends into the fold! You might find your gateway dragon in one of these titles:
Weapons and Wonders by Devin Harnois: Still not sure you actually want to f**k the dragon? That’s okay! Fourth Wing may have become famous for people falling in love while adjacent to dragons, but romance offers great opportunities as well, such as Weapons and Wonders by Devin Harnois where our two heroes fall in love over mechanical magical dragons….
(2) GLASGOW 2024 FAN FUND AUCTION REPORT. Sandra Bond (European TAFF admin) and Michael J. “Orange Mike” Lowrey (North American TAFF Administrator) shared “The League of Fan Funds newsletter” which reports how much money was fan fund auctions raised at Glasgow 2024 and where it’s going.
Bids were taken of £4,420.20 at the Worldcon auction. Net of card fees the total raised by the live auction was £4,390.47.  
The silent auction raised another £603.52 (£610 before fees).  
All the other activities over the table, plus other donations including cash raised in the bar, came to £1,670.49 after fees, plus US$120.  
The total raised was £6,664.48, plus the dollars. The LFF will distribute the money as shown below (after taking into account earmarked donations, fund requirements, and other fundraising plans):
The report also includes the group photo below taken (by Mike Benveniste) of all the people who could be gathered in one place at the Glasgow Worldcon who’d ever been a fan fund delegate, with an identification key (provided by Alison Scott). (Which is very handy for when you look at someone, say “I know who that is!” and it turns out you’re wrong.) Click for larger image.
You’re also invited to view the “League of Fan Funds” web page maintained by David Langford.
(3) FINIS. Abigail Nussbaum doesn’t think it’s so bad at all: “The Umbrella Academy, S4”.
As a known curmudgeon I am in the weird position of feeling like I should go to bat for this season….
…Every single season of The Umbrella Academy has revolved around the Hargreeves siblings preventing, by the skin of their teeth, an apocalypse that probably wouldn’t have happened without their presence. They are the cause of, and solution to, all the multiverse’s problems. It’s hard to imagine a resolution to that situation that wouldn’t involve taking them all off the board. Emotionally, too, there’s a logic to this entire family going down together. This was never a “change and grow” show. The Hargreeves might make concrete changes in their lives – Viktor transitions, Luther gets married, Diego has a family – but when it comes down to it, they remain a bunch of screwed up people who can only really relate to each other, and that often very dysfunctionally. Ending the show on “I love you… but you’re all such assholes” strikes, I think, the perfect note….
(4) CHARACTER ACTING. Lots of cosplay photos here: “SEE IT! Anime NYC takes over the Big Apple” at amNewYork.
Thousands of manga and anime characters took over the Jacob Javits Convention Center over the weekend for the 2024 Anime NYC convention.
The entertainment mecca, located on 34th Street and 11th Avenue, was overrun with cosplayers adorning the looks of their favorite fictional characters over three days. From cartoonish heroes to video game villains, people of all ages descended on the convention center from Aug. 23 to Aug. 25….
(5) BUT NOW, GOD KNOWS, ANYTHING GOES. [Item by Steven French.] Not entirely sure about that last line here. “Horror films were reviled as one step up from pornography – now the genre is a force to be reckoned with” says the Guardian.
Horror is the little genre that could. While 2024’s tentpole releases were struggling, before the summer’s double whammy of Inside Out 2 and Deadpool & Wolverine, horror never stopped plugging away, week after week, mostly under the critical radar. Films such as Immaculate and Abigail reaped healthy returns, while Oz Perkins’ breakthrough hit, Longlegs, has made almost 10 times its budget. Horror doesn’t require lavish spending or costly stars and its loyal fans will happily turn up to watch any old devil doll, nun or exorcism, ever hopeful of stumbling across an inspired nugget of nastiness….
(6) TODAY’S BIRTHDAY.
[Written by Cat Eldridge.]
August 26, 1980 – Chris Pine, 44. I was surprised when I decided on Chris Pine for today’s Birthday to learn how varied his genre performances had been. 
Spider-Man: Beyond the Spider-Verse, is in production. And a spin-off film focused on female Spider-related characters is also in development. So why am I starting off by mentioning a film that’s still in development? It’s because he’s already said he’s voicing Spider-Man aka Peter Parker there. Very cool. More Spiders!
Next up for him here is another voicing role as Jack Frost in Rise of the Guardians. It’s about how they (Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy, the Easter Bunny, and the Sandman), who persuade a reluctant Jack Frost to stop the evil Pitch Black from tut turning the world in darkness. Voicing a character properly is essential to giving the being a sense of life that the audience member can relate to. He does a splendid job of making this character do that. I’m very much looking to hearing him do so with his Spider-Man: Beyond the Spider-Verse character.
He had yet a third voicing role and it’s got an interesting back story. He voiced Dave in Quantum Quest: A Cassini Space Odyssey, an educational documentary science fiction adventure film. Interesting in itself, but what’s more interesting is that it was brought into being by none other than NASA through a grant from Jet Propulsion Lab via the international Cassini-Huygens mission to Saturn which it depicts. 
Oh, and he wasn’t the original individual cast as Dave, that was John Travolta. 
Look now, we’ve live roles. Really we do. 
He played Steve Trevor in both Wonder Woman films. The films are great and he makes a most excellent Steve Trevor I’d say.
A Wrinkle in Time film (I say film as there was also not surprisingly a BBC series as well) has him as Alexander Murry — an astrophysicist in the employ of the American government, husband of Katherine Murry.
Ok, last year he was one of the executive producers of Dungeons & Dragons: Honor Among Thieves, a heist film set in the Forgotten Realms RPG setting. I am very much not detailing the bidding war between Hasbro and the film companies over the rights to the Forgotten Realms filming rights. Really I’m not. Here he played Edgin Darvis, a bard and former member of the Harpers. Stopping right there.
So what role am I forgetting? Oh that one. James T. Kirk in the Kelvin Timeline. I don’t think of it as a reboot but an alternate timeline entirely as Discovery showed us that such universes exist. So why not two such universes existing simultaneously? Remember Enterprise did that as well.
Does he make a more than merely than just acceptable Captain Kirk? Yes he does. He’s obviously very different than Shatner but just as believable as that character. 
(7) COMICS SECTION.
(8) THIS ONE CAN’T KEEP THE DOCTOR AWAY. “Bad apple? How Disney’s Snow White remake turned sour” according to the Guardian.
In theory, it must have sounded like a good idea. At least to Hollywood movie studio executives keen to make big bucks by playing it safe with themes and stories that might be familiar to a mass audience.
A modern remake of Snow White: cashing in on the beloved Disney original with fresh stars, A-list names and a fairytale with a happy ending that everyone could enjoy.
It has not turned out that way….
(9) COME ON DOWN! BBC’s Witness History tells the story of “Canada’s first UFO landing pad”.
In 1967, the small town of St. Paul, Canada declared that they were a place that welcomed everyone, even the aliens. They did this by building a giant UFO landing pad, hoping to attract intergalactic tourists. They timed it to coincide with Canada’s centennial celebrations. 
Although most of the town saw it as a light-hearted joke the driving force behind the alien parking space Margo Lagassee, was a firm believer in the outer space community. 
Paul Boisvert who was the part of the original crew behind the landing pad tells Anoushka Mutanda-Dougherty how St. Paul became a destination spot for extraterrestrial visitors. 
He also makes clear if aliens do descend on St. Paul he “would be pleased to feed them some Pierogi, Garlic Sausage and Pea Soup.”
(10) COMICS GRADER LOSES DEFAMATION SUIT. “Collectables Evaluator Hit With $10M Verdict for Disparaging Couple’s Comic Book Restorations” – The Legal Intelligencer analyzes the decision. Registration required.
A leading voice in the world of comic book collection was hit with a $10 million verdict Tuesday for falsely accusing a pair of sellers of using faulty techniques to restore high-value comics.
In a determination that included $5 million in punitive damages, a Philadelphia jury found that Certified Guaranty Co. LLC—a company that assesses and grades the quality of collectible comic books—knowingly published defamatory statements about the plaintiffs’ work.
The jury returned its eight-figure verdict after less than an hour of deliberation, according to the plaintiffs’ attorney, Lane Jubb Jr. of the Beasley Firm. Yet during settlement talks, Jubb said, the defendants’ insurance company never offered more than $1 million.
“The bad faith case here is going to be so much easier,” he said.
Jubb said there had been plenty of opportunity to reach a settlement during the lawsuit’s nearly eight-year pendency, but plaintiffs Matthew and Emily Meyers wanted to take their case to trial in order to clear their names in a public forum.
“In a defamation trial, when you have plaintiffs that are telling the truth, they’re willing to try the case to verdict because they know there’s nothing to hide,” Jubb said.
CGC’s attorney, Mark Zaid of Mark S. Zaid P.C. in Washington, D.C., did not respond to requests for comment.
The Meyerses—a married couple who started a business restoring and selling collectible comic books—claimed that CGC and one of its primary graders, Matthew Nelson, helped to circulate false rumors questioning the legitimacy and quality of their restorations.
According to pretrial memos, CGC is considered the leading grader of collectable comic books, and the Meyerses sent their books to the company to be rated when they began their business. The plaintiffs asserted that they honed their techniques in part by applying feedback they received from Nelson. But after receiving several grades that they perceived as unfairly low, the Meyerses stopped sending their work to CGC for evaluation.
The plaintiffs claimed that Nelson went on to post comments on a CGC-operated online forum lending credence to false rumors that the company refused to grade the Meyerses’ books because they were not genuine restorations. The plaintiffs alleged that Nelson’s comments “blackened their reputations as legitimate restoration specialists and amounted to a charge of fraud: that they were passing off photocopied fakes as genuine restorations.”
The Meyerses claimed that as a result of Nelson’s statements they had to start selling their restored comics well below their actual values and that past buyers reached out to request their money back on prior purchases.
… According to Jubb, much of the trial centered on the quality of the plaintiffs’ work, with examples of restored comics making appearances as evidence.
“We had some of the rarest comic books on the planet in the courtroom,” Jubb said….
(11) PAWSELLING. Big Hill Books, Minneapolis, Minn., shared feline bookseller Goose’s “Friday to-do list”:
A post shared by Big Hill Books (@bighillbooks)
(12) “THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE FOR CHILDREN?” Talk about your dark fantasy. Ryan George is “The Guy Who Wrote ‘The Three Little Pigs’”.
[Thanks to Cat Eldridge, SF Concatenation’s Jonathan Cowie, Steven French, Sandra Bond, Michael “Orange Mike” Lowrey, Claire Brialey, Kathy Sullivan, Teddy Harvia, Mike Kennedy, Andrew Porter, John King Tarpinian, and Chris Barkley for some of these stories. Title credit belongs to File 770 contributing editor of the day Daniel Dern.]
(1) MARVEL AT MOPOP. Ellie
Farrell had a photo taken with a friend during her visit to MoPop’s Marvel exhibit in Seattle.
Opened last Spring, the exhibit continues through March 3. 
(2) SFF DOES WORK TOO. Charlie Jane Anders, in a Washington Post opinion piece “Kamala
Harris is wrong about science fiction”, takes
issue with Sen. Kamala Harris’s claim that “we need facts, not science
fiction” to deal with climate change, saying that “science fiction
creators have been doing some soul-searching that includes looking for ways we
can do more to restore people’s faith in the future” in dealing with
climate change, “the global crisis of democracy,” and “attacks
on LGBTQ people’s right to exist.”
Sen. Kamala D. Harris was half right in her speech launching her 2020 presidential campaign when she said we need to address climate change based on “science fact, not science fiction.” The truth is, we need both. Science fiction has an important role to play in rescuing the future from the huge challenges we’re facing — and the responses to Harris’s statement illustrate this perfectly.
When the California Democrat’s statement about climate change went out on social media, a number of people pointed out the truth: Science fiction has been helping us to prepare for a world of potentially disastrous climate upheaval for years. But an equal number of loud voices took issue with Harris’s warnings about climate change, because in our post-truth era, the scientific consensus about what humans are doing to our planet is still somehow a matter of opinion.
And that’s why science fiction is more important than Harris gives it credit for. No amount of scientific evidence will convince deniers — or the vast number of people who merely live in a state of denial. We live in an era in which facts and fiction are blurring into an indistinguishable mess and power belongs to whoever can tell the best story, true or not. No one can even tell what’s real anymore, and what matters is just how something makes us feel — which is why we need better stories, that, in the words of author Neil Gaiman, “lie in order to tell the truth.”
(3) SATIRE CONSIDERED. Anita
Sarkeesian’s Feminist Frequency
podcast
for January 30 takes a look back at the
original Starship Troopers movie:
You’re going to love this week’s phenomenal conversation about Starship Troopers (1997) with special guests Mary Robinette Kowal and Max Temkin! Tune in for a thought-provoking discussion (and very amicable disagreement) about how successfully the film executes its satire of fascist military fantasies. Just what are the possibilities and limits of satire? What can director Paul Verhoeven’s career tell us about this “pointed critique of American imperialism”? And exactly how long will it take Anita to remember the name of the game Spec Ops without Carolyn to help?
(4) YA UPROAR CONTINUES.
On Facebook, Nick Mamatas delved into the questions surrounding Amélie Wen Zhao’s decision to pull Blood Heir (reported in yesterday’s Scroll). His post is quoted
with permission:
A YA novel called BLOOD HEIR, which sounds entirely awful, has been pulled from publication by its author Amélie Wen Zhao after complaints of plagiarism, poor “Russian rep” as it was put, and anti-blackness from YA twitter aficionadi:
1. Definitely messed up Russian naming conventions—though I am happy to point out that many of the same people complaining about this book are thrilled to go see the next Avengers film, and even agitated in the past for more action figures of the Black Widow in her sexy bodysuit (you know, for young girls!), called wrongly Natasha Romanoff in the films. So there is definitely a power relationship here; this is at least partially a game of “let’s flex on the new girl” while queueing up to consume a billion dollars worth of slop from the Disney hog trough.
2. Haven’t seen any screencaps actually demonstrating plagiarism except for a single sentence (“Don’t go where I can’t follow.”) In cases like this, often people casually use the term to mean “cliché” or even “genre trope.” Frankly if people don’t like clichés and genre tropes, they shouldn’t be reading children’s literature. That said, I may have just messed the presentation of textual evidence. I wouldn’t be surprised if there were a ton of plagiarism.
3. The author claims that her interest was exploring indenture as it is currently practiced in China and Asia; her critics complain that a major scene involves a black-coded girl with ocean-light eyes being auctioned off, and then dying while the main character sings her a lullaby. Sounds entirely awful. I think this is also a bit of what people mean by plagiarism—this character has been identified as smacking of Rue from HUNGER GAMES. The critics definitely seem to have a point.
4. As is common, moralism abounds. I’ve certainly seen more than one note fretting aloud that CHILDREN and the YOUTH will read this book and thus be exposed to its anti-blackness. Of course, all the right-wingers rallying against the “SJW mobs” and promising the author that *they* would read the book, ya know, to triggerown the shitlibs or whatever, are lying and performing their own version of “virtue signaling” as they call it. None of those kobolds would ever read a thing that doesn’t feature a photo of the author on a red-white-and-blue background.
I think the issue of Blood Heir was that it was trafficking in racist cliches and daring to do so with only a mere publishing company and not a giant media complex behind it. I’ll always feel a thrill when an author is punished for laziness and top-of-mind decision-making, but let’s be clear: moralism itself is a cliché as well, even when it’s left-moralism. YA twitter is absolutely a Pretty Person Club and Zhao was this year’s scapegoat. But Zhao’s crime of auctorial laziness is just one more datum point showing how sadly inadequate the acquisition and editorial process in big publishing is.
And Arthur Cover has written a
public letter to Zhao which says in part –
I just wrote this letter to a young author named Amelie Zhao, who withdrew her YA fantasy novel from publication because of negative comments on line…. Obviously I feel very strongly about this….
A novel cannot be all things to all people. At least one comment on your novel that I read was from a person who felt it insufficiently validated his/her ideas about slavery and villains using a cane. Often when a character uses a cane it is symbolic of something and is not a commentary on people who use a cane in real life. Readers who can’t tell the difference aren’t your concern.
Decades ago I was in a conversation with Samuel R. Delany and when he learned that a writing class was divided equally on the merits of one of his stories, he was quite pleased. He knew he’d accomplished something because of the class’s reaction.
Do not stop. Please reconsider your decision regarding your novel. These critics (and I’ve been a nasty one) are throwing spitballs at a battleship….
(5) AUDIO PALS. In the Washington Post,
Karen Heller has a piece about authors and their audiobook readers, “‘I
can write the words. He supplies the melody’: The harmonious bond between
authors and audiobook narrators”. Two of the
authors Heller interviews are genre writers:  five-time Bram Stoker Award
nominee Jonathan Maberry, who says he now hears the voice of his audiobook
reader, Ray Porter, in his head when he’s writing, and Canadian urban fantasy
writer Kevin Hearne, who liked narrator Luke Daniels so much they’ve worked
together on independent projects.
Jonathan Maberry, a fiercely prolific author of often frightening novels, hears voices rattling in his head. Specifically, one voice, that of actor Ray Porter, who narrates his audiobooks. A five-time Bram Stoker Award winner, Maberry would “imagine how Ray would inflect certain things, and I started to write toward his performance.” Be it horror, thrillers, science fiction, young adult and middle grade fiction, almost three dozen novels since 2006 — this is not a typo, and excludes anthologies, short stories and comics — Porter, without contributing a word, has helped Maberry accomplish the goal of most writers: selling more books. Says Maberry, “We’re very much a team.”
(6) NEW FAN FUND IDEA. Marcin Klak has written a proposal for creating a European Fan Fund to allow people from different countries to attend Eurocon. His draft of the rules and the winner’s responsibilities begins —
Purpose: The purpose of the Fan Fund is to create and strengthen bonds between European fans and fandoms. Currently in almost every country there is a fandom that quite often has small or no connection to the broader European fandom. Most fans do concentrate on the “here and now” and are not looking for friends in other countries.
The idea: A delegate would be elected by fans across Europe to travel to Eurocon. The delegate must offer to have a talk about fandom in their country. The delegate should also offer their participation as a guest in the Eurocon Awards ceremony, Opening ceremony and Closing ceremony. Any other help from the delegate should be encouraged. It will be for the Eurocon organizers to accept that help to the extent that suits them.
(7) TODAY’S BIRTHDAYS.
[Compiled
by Cat Eldridge.]
(8) MR. & MRS. Bill writes, “The 1/29 scroll item about Tiptree got me to looking things up, and I found the attached” – a bit of social news from the Chicago Tribune for January 24, 1946. Definitely still news to me.
(9) WRONG ON JEOPARDY! Andrew
Porter spotted another bad guess on tonight’s episode of Jeopardy!
Category: Scribbling Siblings
Answer: Aviation writer Robert Serling helped little bro Rod with “The Odyssey of Flight 33” episode of this series.
Wrong answer: What is “Star Trek”?
(10) GALAPAGOS AIR FORCE. BBC
tells how “Drones
help Galapagos tackle rat infestation”.
Drones are helping conservationists rid one Galapagos island of an infestation of rats threatening indigenous birds.
The drones have dropped poison on more than half of North Seymour Island in a bid to kill off the invasive species.  The island’s rare birds nest on the ground and their numbers are being depleted by the rodent invasion.
The drones work much faster and more cheaply than helicopters which have been used in similar rat eradication projects elsewhere.
(11) TRACING CLIMATE
HISTORY. Researchers think “America
colonisation ‘cooled Earth’s climate’”.
Colonisation of the Americas at the end of the 15th Century killed so many people, it disturbed Earth’s climate.  That’s the conclusion of scientists from University College London, UK.  The team says the disruption that followed European settlement led to a huge swathe of abandoned agricultural land being reclaimed by fast-growing trees and other vegetation.  This pulled down enough carbon dioxide (CO?) from the atmosphere to eventually chill the planet.  It’s a cooling period often referred to in the history books as the “Little Ice Age” – a time when winters in Europe would see the Thames in London regularly freeze over.  “The Great Dying of the Indigenous Peoples of  the Americas led to the abandonment of enough cleared land that the resulting terrestrial carbon uptake had a detectable impact on both atmospheric CO? and global surface air temperatures,” Alexander Koch and colleagues write in their paper published in Quaternary Science Reviews.
(12) THE ELEPHANT (SEAL) IN THE ROOM. Look what happens when those pesky humans aren’t around — “Seals
take over California beach closed in US shutdown”.
A large herd of elephant seals has taken over a beach in California that was forced to close during the government shutdown.  The seals took advantage of the 35-day shutdown to make themselves at home on Drakes Beach, and in its car park.  So far they have been spotted lying on their stomachs, taking naps and occasionally snuggling their pups.  The beach will remain closed until the seals decide to move on – although it’s not clear when that will be.
(13) HELP WANTED. There’s a job vacancy in Gotham: “Ben Affleck signals Batman departure”.
Holy recasting, Batman! The search is on for a new Dark Knight following Ben Affleck’s apparent confirmation that he is hanging up his Bat cape.  The actor effectively said as much by retweeting a story saying Matt Reeves’ The Batman would be made without him.  “Excited for #TheBatman in Summer 2021 and to see @MattReevesLA vision come to life,” Affleck wrote.  The 46-year-old first appeared as the comic book superhero in 2016’s Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
(14) DEATH RIDES A
BOBBLEHEAD. Matt
Monaghan, in “The
Dia de Los Dodgers Skull Bobblehead is Amazing”  on Cut4
has one of the all-time greatest fantasy bobbleheads EVER.
Bobblehead nights happen all the time at baseball games. Already this year, there’s been one for a nun, one for Pitbull and one for a bald eagle that flew into a pitcher’s face. But during Wednesday’s Rockies-Dodgers game, we may have found the coolest bobblehead ever: The Dia de Los Dodgers sugar skull bobblehead.
Día de los Dodgers!!! I'm loving this bobblehead!!! @Dodgers ???????????? #DodgersSocial #WeLoveLA #thinkblue pic.twitter.com/yF8wTgkAQy
(15) STAN LEE GIVEN POSTHUMOUS
KEY TO THE CITY. Hey, it’s LA. L. Ron Hubbard put out books here for years
after he died. Who’s to say Stan won’t get some use from it? That was just part
of what happened at the celebrity-studded tribute to Stan Lee on Wednesday
night: “Stan
Lee’s Friends and Fans Pay Tearful, Funny Tribute to Their ‘Generalissimo’”
in The Hollywood Reporter.
…Hosting the show was Lee’s long-time friend and fan, filmmaker Kevin Smith, who was sure to note that Lee was “one of the best humans to ever walk the Earth” before inviting everyone to enter the theater. The theater itself was transformed into a monument to the man, with some of his most beloved comics on display, from the first appearance of Spider-Man and Black Panther to some of the most iconic adventures of the Fantastic Four. Costumes from the Sony-led Spider-Man films were displayed inside glass cases, but it was the energy in the room that truly punctuated the evening.
Smith put it best at the beginning of the tribute: “This is not a funeral, though he’s gone. This is a celebration! That’s how religions start. We all agree that we saw him tonight and that he’s no longer gone. Stan’s spirit is here with us.” With all the outpourings of love in the room, it’d be hard to argue otherwise. Copious footage of Lee played throughout the evening, including a touching clip of him singing “Cocktails for Two”, with all the energy of someone in their twenties, as his embarrassed assistants set up his microphone.
Smith kicked off the evening with the story of how he met Stan for his movie Mallrats and the grand efforts it took to convince the then less-recognizable legend to appear in his film after Lee read the script and remarked “I would never say this.” Smith admitted that Lee himself was never quite accepting or aware of his successes, despite his put on braggadocio. “This was a guy who spent his life dreaming of writing the great American novel, and he didn’t realize that he had been successful and fulfilled his dreams one-thousand times over,” Smith said. Smith himself admitted that “it was hard to understand that we were friends” before eventually coming to realize just how much Lee loved him.
…Perhaps the biggest moment of the night came with the appearance of Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti, who detailed Lee’s love affair with L.A. before running through a detailed catalogue of his own nerdiness, including a proclamation that no one could offer him enough money to let go of his complete collection of original copies of the Wolverine comic series. Garcetti made it clear, “Stan Lee was a mensch who always fought for the underdog”, before presenting Stan’s former company Stan Lee’s POW! Entertainment with Garcetti’s third ever “Key to the City”, carved from a fallen tree and engraved with Stan’s image and catchphrase “Excelsior!”
(16) IN THE SPIRIT OF IAIN
M. BANKS. A funny thread about pet names for weaponry – begins here.
I’d wield its sister sword, ‘Perhaps I Was Unclear.’ https://t.co/qc2GFhPGWf
(17) DEALING WITH A FOOD
EVANGELIST. “Dear
Mother Goose”, an advice column for children’s
book characters, by Slate’s Emma
Span. Here’s the problem, click to read Mother’s answer:
Dear Mother Goose, 
I am being aggressively pursued by someone (I’ll call him S.I.A.) who is bizarrely obsessed with getting me to eat “green eggs and ham.” He has offered no explanation of where the ham and eggs came from, why they are green, or why he cares if I eat them. I have calmly and clearly turned him down, but he is following me everywhere, carrying a plate of food, which by now is cold, dirty, and wet as well as green. Nevertheless, S.I.A. thinks I might like the food. He has brought a mouse, a fox, and a goat to me, as if that would change my mind. We were even involved in a boating accident because of his behavior….
[Thanks to Andrew Porter, JJ, Cat Eldridge, Mike Kennedy, Carl Slaughter, Martin Morse Wooster, John King Tarpinian, Olav Rokne, John A Arkansawyer, and Chip Hitchcock for some of these stories. Title credit goes to File 770 contributing editor of the day Brian Z.] 
The Fan Fund Auction is proceeding in Sasquan’s Cabaret at Guinan’s adjacent to the Fanzine Lounge. Andrew Hooper and Jerry Kaufman have been doing a magnificent job keeping the bidding lively. I met TAFF delegate Nina Horvath while she was walking around an item on bid.
Curt Phillips’ donation, a .58 caliber bullet recovered from the Cedar Ceek Civil War battlefield, went for $40. That may seem like tame ammunition by John Ringo standards but it got a lot of action here.
DUFF voting continues until January 31. Will fans choose Steve & Sue Francis of Louisville, KY or Murray Moore of Mississauga, Ontario?
James Bacon wrote me, “DUFF has gone all electronic,” so I immediately had to try that: all electronic has been a siren call to fannish ears since the days of reel-to-reel fanzines.
Jean Weber designed the electronic DUFF ballot posted here.  Her site also takes donations to DUFF via PayPal, a great convenience because voters must make at least a minimum $(US)5 donation. Data entered on the ballot is transmitted to an e-mail address at Jean’s domain, and automatically forwarded to Norman Cates, Australasian DUFF Administrator, without Jean seeing it.
Fans who prefer to print and mail their ballots will find a downloadable PDF file of the ballot here.
Steve & Sue Francis, in their Platform, say “We are entering our names as candidates for the DUFF selection to continue our goal of making new friends wherever we go, and a second trip to Australia would provide an excellent opportunity to do so.” Their nominators from North America are Pat Molloy & Naomi Fisher, Pat & Roger Sims, James Briggs & Sandra Childress; from Australasia: Eric Lindsay, Stephen Boucher & Janice Gelb.
Murray Moore wants to win for several good fannish reasons, plus one more: “I want to meet the descendants of my master criminal English relative who stole a loaf of bread.” His North American nominators are Mike Glicksohn, Hope Leibowitz, Lloyd & Yvonne Penney; and his Australasian backers are: Bruce Gillespie, Jean Weber & Eric Lindsay.
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.


							Email Address						







 
							Subscribe