Cancel Anytime
Brews, Boils & Bubbles takes place Saturday, May 11.
Looking for more to do this week? Check out the latest on Gambit's calendar at calendar.gambitweekly.com.
Puerto Rican rapper Bad Bunny has a good claim to the title “superstar.” The king of Latin-trap in recent years has been Spotify’s most-streamed artist; he’s won three Grammy Awards, including album of the year, and numerous Latin Grammy and Billboard awards; and he’s a WWE wrestler. While Bad Bunny last year released his latest album, “Nadie sabe lo que va a pasar manana,” he wasn’t on the road too much. So he’s filling 2024 with an extensive tour, which stops in New Orleans at 8 p.m. Tuesday, May 7, at Smoothie King Center. Tickets start at $60 via smoothiekingcenter.com.
The new festival features live music and various boiled foods and other dishes from local restaurants. The music lineup features The Soul Rebels, Big Sam’s Funky Nation, Partners-N-Crime, DJ Raj Smoove and more. Among the roughly 20 participating restaurants, caterers and pop-ups are Drago’s, Fiery Crab, Mr. Shrimp’s Kitchen, Boilin’ Kings, Crazy Waffle Bar, The NOLA Chuck Wagon and Valerie’s Snoballs. The festival is from the same producers as the National Fried Chicken Festival. From noon to 8 p.m. Saturday, May 11, on Lakeshore Drive near the UNO Lakefront Arena. General admission is $30. The event is cashless. Visit brewsboilsbubbles.com for tickets and information.
Pianist Victor Campbell is joined by guitarist Yusa, drummer Jafet Perez, percussionist Cesar Bacaro and more New Orleans musicians in this group focused on the Afro-Cuban genre timba. La Timba Swamp plays ahead of the Lost Bayou Ramblers at the next Wednesday at the Square free concert at 5 p.m. Wednesday, May 8, in Lafayette Square. Find more details at ylcwats.com.
Wolfman Fest honors Walter “Wolfman” Washington in the park that was named for him. The event is headlined by his longtime band, The Roadmasters, featuring Cristian Duque, Steve DeTroy, Jack Cruz, Tom Fitzpatrick, Satoru Ohashi and Wayne Maureau. Also performing are Papa Mali, Joe Krown, Mikey “B3” Burkart, Stuart Raper, Jason Ricci. From 4-7 p.m. Saturday, May 11, at Walter Wolfman Washington Memorial Park at 3100 Esplanade Ave.
Denver-based Wayfarer digs into the bleak, murderous, exploitative heart of American exceptionalism in its Western American metal — a mix of thumping, atmospheric black metal and gothic Americana. The band plays with Sonja and Mehenet at 8 p.m. Thursday, May 9, at Siberia. Tickets are $22.33 via siberianola.com.
Stand-up comic Megan Gailey has performed on “The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon” and “Conan” and co-hosted the comedy podcast “I Love a Lifetime Movie.” She filmed her Comedy Central special in New Orleans back in 2018 and returns for two nights at Junk Drawer Coffee. Gailey performs at 7 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. Friday, May 10, and Saturday, May 11. Tickets are $20 via sportsdrink.eventbrite.com.
The show runs May 8-25.
The New Orleans Recreation Development Commission closes out its spring Movies in the Park series with a screening of “The Princess and The Frog,” the popular New Orleans-based Disney film about a young woman (inspired by chef Leah Chase) who is turned into a frog after kissing a cursed prince and must find a way to break the spell. The movie is free and starts at dusk Friday, May 10, at Delcazel Park. Find more information at nordc.org.
Musician Dallas Green first broke out in the early 2000s as part of the post-hardcore band Alexisonfire, but his popular solo project, City and Colour, has dug deeper into folk and indie rock. Green last year released the latest City and Colour album, the emotional “The Love Still hed Me Near,” following the death of a close friend in 2019. City and Colour play at 8 p.m. Friday, May 10, at the Joy Theater. Tickets are $40.50 via thejoytheater.com.
The New Orleans Synth Cult hosts regular meet-ups, open mics and performances by musicians who play synthesizers. On Saturday, May 11, the group will host Synth Fest with more than 30 synth performers of all genres on two stages at the Broadside. The announced lineup includes Psionic Blast, Chromaphase, Fibonacci Sequencer, Will Fontenot and more. The fest opens at 5 p.m., and admission is free. Find more info on Instagram, @nolasynthcult.
Blanche Dubious arrives at a church rec room in a small Southern town populated by puppets.
Louis Michot performs music from his solo album “Reve de Troubadour.” He’s joined by Leyla McCalla, who appears on the album. At 8 p.m. Saturday, May 11, at Music Box Village. Tickets are $25 via musicboxvillage.com.
In the ballet adaptation of Bram Stoker’s “Dracula,” Jonathan Harker ventures into the darkness of the Count’s castle. Oliver Halkowich choreographs the work to a variety of musical genres. Presented by New Orleans Ballet Theatre at 2 p.m. & 7 p.m. Saturday, May 11, and 2 p.m. Sunday, May 12. Orpheum Theater. Tickets are $38.50-$ 78.50 via neworleansballettheatre.com.
Ukrainian-born pianist Liliia Oliinyk has performed and given masterclasses across Europe and Louisiana, having taught at institutions from NOCCA to LSU. She performs a program of work by Ukrainian composers including Vasyl Barvinsky, Viktor Kosenko, Borys Lyatoshynsky and more at 6 p.m. Thursday, May 9, at a private residence on Vendome Place. For tickets and information, visit masno.org.
New Orleans’ Papa Grows Funk is a rare sight these days. The band — John “Papa” Gros, June Yamagishi, Jason Mingledorff, Marc Pero and Jeffery “Jellybean” Alexander — are technically on hiatus, but a rare reunion will pop up every now and then, so catch the band while you can at 8 p.m. Monday, May 6, at Tipitina’s. Tickets are $35 via tipitinas.com.
It’s a massive moment for Alfred Banks.

        For more than 40 years, Gambit has covered New Orleans, for New Orleans.
        We’ve stood up to city hall with you, cheered the Saints with you,
        danced in the streets with you and cried over our collective loss with
        you. And we’re plannin’ on being here for 40 more. To do that, we need
        your help. Become a Gambit member today and help us continue our mission
      
The local bar scene continues to change.
Your weekly go-to show for all things happening in New Orleans.
Gambit's Events Calendar

For more upcoming events visit  
calendar.gambitweekly.com 

Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: