WWE continues to travel around the world, putting on major shows in countries like Scotland, France, and others. The promotion recently took a trip to the neighbors to the south in Mexico, putting on a well-received show in Mexico City. Looking back at the showcase, it’s clear it’s time for WWE to hold a PLE in that location. 
WWE has put together a strong track record with its recent shows outside of the United States. Even shows that seemingly have a “weaker” card are bolstered by strong fan reaction which lifts the overall perception. Think back to when WWE went to Puerto Rico for Backlash a few years ago. The crowd was jumping from start to finish and Bad Bunny’s appearance pushed it over the top. The same was seen in Scotland, France, and Wales. Mexico City would undoubtedly be able to keep that trend alive. 
WWE has a fantastic roster to bring into the country. Think of a card that featured some of the top Mexican, Mexican-American, and Latino names. Andrade, Rey & Dominick Mysterio, Roxanne Perez, Bayley, the newly signed Stephanie Vaquer, and several others would be right at home on such a major stage. Add in a potential appearance by Bad Bunny and that’s enough star power to start with. 
“Thank you, Mexico,” Bayley posted on Twitter. “I’ll remember the shows we had this past weekend forever!” 
Thank you Mexico!I’ll remember the shows we had this past weekend forever!I’m sore, got my azz beat, exhausted and still a champion! But I gotta say, I’m so damn proud of our women’s division. I’ve never seen everyone so on point at the same time. Pushing eachother and…
With so many PLEs on the calendar each year, an event like Money in the Bank, Elimination Chamber, or Backlash should happen in Mexico City. Money in the Bank is considered one of the five “big” PLEs for WWE and the others are close enough to the others to keep interest high when it matters. 
The promotion has never held a PLE or PPV in Mexico and now is the perfect time to set that right. With so much momentum rolling downhill after recent successes, heading to another high-demand area for a showcase event would bring the fans out in kind. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.