By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:45, 8 November 2024   |  Updated:  08:11, 8 November 2024   
 123
View  comments
Billy Baldwin's wife Chynna Phillips revealed they are living separately.
The actress, 56, discussed her new living arrangement with the Flatliners star, 61, in a new video posted to her faith-based YouTube channel, California Preachin', on Sunday. 
'Billy and I are sort of in this new kind of arrangement that is actually really working for me. I don't know if it's working for Billster, but I'm very happy with what we're doing,' she told her followers.
The star — who's been married to Billy since 1995 — later added that the pair have 'an allergy to one another,' though Billy insisted it was Chynna who has an allergy to him.
It comes after Chynna said the pair were 'bickering like crazy' earlier this year, and that she's been 'walking on eggshells' for fear of 'triggering him.'
Billy Baldwin's, 61, wife Chynna Phillips, 56, revealed they are living separately. She discussed their new living arrangement in a YouTube video posted to her channel on Sunday
The star — who's been married to Billy since 1995 — later added that the pair have 'an allergy to one another,' though Billy insisted it was Chynna who has an allergy to him; seen in 2015
In her new video, Chynna said they are doing 'a little test run' as they live in separate homes in Santa Barbara and Beverly Hills, but they still meet up for 'date nights' as well as 'therapy' and dinners with their three children: daughters Jameson, 24, and Brooke, 19, and son Vance, 22. 
'I just really felt like, where in the Bible does it say that I have to live under the same roof 24/7 with my husband? Can you please find me that scripture?'
'I mean, I have to take care of him, I have to be kind to him, I have to be gentle to him, I have to obey him, or, what is the word... submit.'
'So many people hate that scripture, that we have to submit, but that is what it says. It says we need to submit to our husbands. So, I get all that. And I will, I will submit. But I'll submit when I'm around,' she said with a chuckle.
She added that she and Baldwin can have 'sleepovers' and spend time together when they want, but are not 'forcing ourselves to be subjected to each other’s energy 24/7.' 
Later in the video she shared a FaceTime conversation with her husband.
'Honey, I called you three times, you didn't answer,' she told him, to which he answered, 'Not everything works on your schedule honey bunny.' 
As they continued to chat she said of their new living arrangement: 'We're on to something.' 
'Billy and I are sort of in this new kind of arrangement that is actually really working for me. I don't know if it's working for Billster, but I'm very happy with what we're doing,' she shared
Phillips said they are doing 'a little test run' as they live in separate homes in Santa Barbara and Beverly Hills, but they still meet up for 'date nights' as well as 'therapy' 
Later in the video she shared a FaceTime conversation with her husband. 'We just need a little bit of time apart because we are sort of an allergy to one another. And it's OK, I’m sure lots of different couples are allergies to each other,' she said
'We enjoy each other's company. That's what is so hard to articulate to people: that we're madly in love, we really enjoy being around one another, we cherish our marriage, we don't ever want to separate,' she added. 
'We just need a little bit of time apart because we are sort of an allergy to one another. And it's OK, I’m sure lots of different couples are allergies to each other.'
Baldwin added 'the reality is you have the allergy,' and that he has 'a certain energy' that bothers her.
Billy added, 'You know how people say "We bring out the best in each other"? I don't. I bring out the worst in her.'
She replied: 'I would think that's true. You've noticed that my patience has faltered over the past year and a half. My threshold and my bandwidth for your energy has definitely decreased.'
'I think that's true in general because of the stuff we've gone through in life. We've gotten older, and you have menopause,' he said.
'Oh okay, you're going to blame this on the menopause?' she asked.
'No, but that's a contributing factor,' he said.
Baldwin added 'the reality is you have the allergy,' and that he has 'a certain energy' that bothers her 
His wife agreed, saying, 'You've noticed that my patience has faltered over the past year and a half. My threshold and my bandwidth for your energy has definitely decreased'
The pair also agreed that Chynna did things to 'trigger' him. As an example, he said he had asked her to stretch his back, and that she said no
In the caption of the video, Chynna wrote: 'Marriage is a roller coaster, but I think I've found a way to get off the ride, without having to actually "get off the ride!!"'
She added: 'Keep praying for Billy, he's a bit confused about where we stand... Makes perfect sense, because I am too [crying emoji]'
Later in the comments she reiterated that the move was in order to better their marriage, after a number of fans expressed their concerns
Chynna then told him: 'You have to admit Billy that I also do things that trigger you, and make you get frustrated, and that I can do a few things throughout the week that can make you shut down a little bit, and then you treat me a little differently.' 
He agreed and gave an example of when he had asked her to stretch his back and she said no, to which she said she had 'back pain' and was in a 'bad mood' at that time. 
The dynamic couple also joked about having 'conjugal visits.' 
In the caption of the video, Chynna wrote: 'Marriage is a roller coaster, but I think I've found a way to get off the ride, without having to actually "get off the ride!!"'
'Billy and I are working together to structure a living situation that works for us both. Maybe we're nuts, but we think we're onto something.' 
'Does distance really make the heart grow fonder? Well, we're certainly about to find out.'  
She added: 'Keep praying for Billy, he's a bit confused about where we stand... Makes perfect sense, because I am too [crying emoji].'
Later in the comments she reiterated that the move was in order to better their marriage, after a number of fans expressed their concerns, with comments like: 'Nothing good can come from this separate living situation.'
Chynna wrote: 'Hi Friends! Guys, I'm battling for our marriage not against it. We have decades of love between us, that's definitely not going anywhere.'
'Marriage is deep waters and I'm running a tight shipwreck! Me & Billy are peanut butter & jelly.'
Chynna previously spoke about the couple's ups and downs. In April she said she's been 'going at it' with Billy and that they had been 'bickering and arguing' more than ever since relocating from the East Coast to California.
It comes after Chynna said the pair were 'bickering like crazy' earlier this year, and that she's been 'walking on eggshells' for fear of 'triggering him'
In 2010 she filed for divorce from Billy, before quickly withdrawing the papers. At the time she told Us Weekly that she'd 'started to feel a little flatlined' in the marriage 
The couple share three children: daughters Jameson, 24, and Brooke, 19, and son Vance, 22
'Billy and I have been kind of going at it these past couple of days. We have just been getting on each other's last nerve.
'It's frustrating because just when I feel like we're on a roll and things are starting to get better we start the bickering again,' she added.
Chynna admitted that sometimes she feels like she's 'walking on eggshells' around the actor and gets nervous about sharing her feelings with him because she doesn't want to 'rock the boat' or 'put him in a bad mood.'
'It just comes down to me not wanting to trigger him. But the truth is, me having that fear is keeping us from true intimacy. It's preventing me from opening up to him. I'm trying to guard his feelings and yet I'm causing more trouble in our marriage by doing that. I'm shooting myself in the foot,' she added.
In 2010 she filed for divorce from Billy, before quickly withdrawing the papers.
At the time she told Us Weekly that she'd 'started to feel a little flatlined' in the marriage.
'It became so about the children and so about my business, his business, and I missed him. I really missed him. I missed laughing together, taking our little vacations together.'
And in January she stated her increased interest in religion created a 'power struggle' between her and her husband.
'I'm not the same person I was 30 years ago, and I refused to have the same marriage that we had 30 years ago,' she said during a YouTube livestream.
'It's time for us to mature and grow. He was on board, but I think that for him it was also like, "Well, you're not into the things that I'm into."'
Chynna has been married to Billy since 1995; They are shown together in December 1995 in New York City
Chynna converted to Christianity in 2022 and revealed in January that her faith had become a 'glaring issue' between them.
Billy later appeared on her YouTube channel and said they were still going strong following a six-month separation period.
'It hasn't been become sort of the partnership that you've been yearning or hoping for,' Billy said.
'But I still absolutely love you, absolutely adore you, and completely support you. That's why I'm sitting here now. That's why we go to church together. That's why we pray together. That's why we talk about faith together, That's why I do this stuff for you ... It's because I'm a supportive, loving husband who adores his wife wants to spend the rest of my life with you, no question.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group