In a first, Swift claims the top nine spots on the Global 200, all from her new album, The Tortured Poets Department.

													By
												

	Gary Trust


Taylor Swift’s “Fortnight,” featuring Post Malone, arrives as the biggest song in the world, launching at No. 1 both the Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts. The song is from her new album, The Tortured Poets Department, which rockets in at No. 1 on the U.S.-based Billboard 200.

	On the Global 200, Swift scores her fifth No. 1, the most for a soloist in the survey’s history. On Global Excl. U.S., she lands her third leader, tying for the most among solo artists. Post Malone tops each tally for the first time.

	










	Meanwhile, Swift boasts the top nine songs on the Global 200, all from her new LP, a first in the chart’s archives. She previously claimed nine of the top 10, including the top five, in November 2022 with songs from Midnights, her last album of all-new material before The Tortured Poets Department.

	The Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts, which began in September 2020, rank songs based on streaming and sales activity culled from more than 200 territories around the world, as compiled by Luminate. The Global 200 is inclusive of worldwide data and the Global Excl. U.S. chart comprises data from territories excluding the United States.

	Chart ranks are based on a weighted formula incorporating official-only streams on both subscription and ad-supported tiers of audio and video music services, as well as download sales, the latter of which reflect purchases from full-service digital music retailers from around the world, with sales from direct-to-consumer (D2C) sites excluded from the charts’ calculations.

	“Fortnight” debuts atop the Global 200 with 176.8 million streams and 27,000 sold worldwide in its first week of release, April 19-25.

	The streaming sum for the song marks the eighth-biggest in a single week since the Global 200 began.

Biggest Worldwide Streaming Weeks in Global 200 History:

	Swift scores her fifth Global 200 No. 1, as she breaks out of a tie with Bad Bunny for the most leaders among soloists; overall, only BTS has more, with seven. Here’s a rundown of her No. 1s:

	Meanwhile, here’s a recap of Swift’s nine songs in the top 10, from Nos. 1 through 9, on the May 4-dated Global 200:

	










	With nine new Global 200 top 10s, Swift ups her total to 33 since the chart began, second only to Drake’s 35. As featured on “Florida!!!,” Florence + The Machine reaches the top 10 for the first time.

	Breaking up Swift’s bid for the entire Global 200’s top 10, Artemas’ “I Like the Way You Kiss Me” drops to No. 10 from its No. 2 high. (Last week’s leader, “Too Sweet,” by Hozier, falls to No. 13.)

	On the Global Excl. U.S. chart, “Fortnight” starts at No. 1 with 101.7 million streams and 8,000 sold outside the U.S. Swift previously led the chart with “Anti-Hero,” for two weeks, and “All Too Well (Taylor’s Version),” for one week. With three leaders, she ties Bad Bunny, BLACKPINK, Ariana Grande and Jung Kook for the most among soloists; among all acts, only BTS has banked more (seven).

	Swift also enters the Global Excl. U.S. top 10 with “Down Bad” (No. 4), “The Tortured Poets Department” (No. 6), “So Long, London” (No. 7), “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart” (No. 9) and “My Boy Only Breaks His Favorite Toys” (No. 10). With six new top 10s, she swells her count to 20, surpassing Bad Bunny (18) for the most since the chart originated.

	Elsewhere in the Global Excl. U.S. top 10, Artemas’ “I Like the Way You Kiss Me” dips to No. 2, after a week at No. 1; FloyyMenor and Cris Mj’s “Gata Only” rises 4-3 for a new high; Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” falls 2-5, after eight nonconsecutive weeks on top; and ILLIT’s “Magnetic” descends to No. 8 from its No. 3 best.

	The Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts (dated May 4, 2024) will update on Billboard.com tomorrow, April 30. For both charts, the top 100 titles are available to all readers on Billboard.com, while the complete 200-title rankings are visible on Billboard Pro, Billboard’s subscription-based service. For all chart news, you can follow @billboard and @billboardcharts on both X, formerly known as Twitter, and Instagram.

	










Luminate, the independent data provider to the Billboard charts, completes a thorough review of all data submissions used in compiling the weekly chart rankings. Luminate reviews and authenticates data. In partnership with Billboard, data deemed suspicious or unverifiable is removed, using established criteria, before final chart calculations are made and published.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.