As 2024 comes to a close, Tucson Sentinel music writers Julie Jennings Patterson and Xavier Omar Otero look back at some of the top local releases of 2024. 
Live at Tap and Bottle
The Freezing Hands are the toppermost of the power poppermost. They are not so much “just a band” as they are a kind of secret club in which songwriter-vocalist-guitarist Travis Spillers and some of his most talented friends get together every week to listen to records, talk about baseball and churn out some of the catchiest pop hooks this town has heard in decades.
Since some of these fellows’ favorite records of all time are live albums, it was inevitable that the Freezing Hands would eventually get around to doing it themselves one day. And the results are pretty damn tasty. 
Mr. Spillers and the boys in the band (Matt Rendon on drums and vocals, Scott Landrum on keyboards and vocals and Kevin Conklin on bass) deliver a live performance that is raw and energetic and kind of gleeful, like they’ve time traveled to 1979 to fill in at a gig for the Quick or the Knack. Only they’ve smuggled Keith Moon in their luggage and let him loose onstage.
It just so happens that I was at the gig where this album was recorded. As a fun bit of trivia, you should know that Patrick Haight of Spot on Sound, who recorded this live album, also performed that night – backing his wife, Deborah Iyall of the band Romeo Void. Rendon joined the pair on drums for a glorious rendition of Romeo Void’s signature hit “Never Say Never.” Moments like that are why you all should be getting out to see live local music whenever you possibly can.
—JJP
Tender Futures
A record that was at least four years in the making, "Tender Futures" represents the final step in Female Gaze’s transformation from talented indie rock band to experimental art prog outfit. Each song seamlessly melts into the next, almost soundtrack-like, and (according to the band) the album is meant to be listened to “in a loop,” meaning you can join it at any point and not necessarily start at track one. 
OK, that all sounds like it might be overly ambitious, but somehow it works fantastically. It’s proggy, for sure, but it’s approachable prog. Utterly listenable. More like a warm cup of tea or a cozy pair of slippers than it is like, say, mid-career King Crimson.
Female Gaze features the many-layered guitar tapestries of Nelene DeGuzman, the smooth and subliminal bass lines of Kevin Conklin (hey, didn’t we just see that guy in an earlier review?) and the inventive, exuberant muppet drumming of Nicky Cobham-Morgese. 
I recently saw the band win over an unsuspecting crowd of folks who were exiting a show at the Rialto Theatre only to become captivated by the enticing sounds wafting over from next door R Bar and end up staying for the duration (and demanding an encore to boot.) I’m pretty sure they’ll win you over too.
—JJP 
The Shed Sessions
I’m not one to say “I told you so,” but I absolutely told you so. 
Back in 2019, when I was writing a regular music column in this space, I told you all about the outlaw cowpunk glory that is Gutter Town. But it seems like it took a few years for the rest of you to catch on. That’s OK, though, because they’ve only gotten better. 
If you don’t know Gutter Town, should you check out this album? Probably.
If you don’t know Gutter Town, should you see them play live? Absolutely.
Frontwoman and guitarist Jessie Williams is one of the best songwriters in Tucson and this latest release is a little less “punk” and a little more Hank Williams, Merle Haggard, Townes Van Zandt and the like. And this is a good thing. 
A VERY good thing.
—JJP
Valley Fever
Valley Fever looks for all the world like they just stepped out of 1972, where they’ve been touring with Bad Company, recording with Leon Russel and getting mustache grooming tips from the Allman Brothers. Or maybe were the opening band for the fake band that the fictional version of Cameron Crowe toured with in the movie "Almost Famous." 
But the thing is, they ARE this band, in the most absolute and sincere and captivating way possible. 
Valley Fever loves old school, unapologetic, full-throttle California country rock, by way of Neil Young, by way of Southern rock, by way of blues rock, by way of your old bus driver who used to blast the classic rock station through a staticky FM radio on your way to high school every morning. And if you listen to them, you can’t help coming away a little bit in love with it too, purely due to this band being so talented and enthusiastic. Even if you aren’t into this sort of thing as a rule. 
And then, there’s the album cover. It’s an homage to the “rock band members as wanted outlaw desperadoes” trope of the band’s favored era and it’s absolutely everything you would expect it to be.
Catch the Fever?
—JJP
A Healthy Alternative
Andy Puig and his bandmates in Class seemingly put out an album like every other week, most of which somehow ends up as an actual, literal record. This, in a town where lots of bands never even get around to a single vinyl release. And, yet, every single one of these releases ends up better than the last. This is thrilling for local record fans and kinda maddening for local musicians, because honestly this band is so prolific that they are making the rest of us look flat out lazy in comparison. 
Class is a “punk” band, but not in the way that Black Flag or Crass or The Dead Kennedys were punk bands. They’re more like a band that saw shows at CBGBs in the Bowery, but also somehow made it “across the pond” to attend the infamous debut Sex Pistols gig at which every other punk band in Britain apparently formed. 
And much like their friends in the previous review, Valley Fever, Class are dedicated evangelists for their genre and style and will make you really wish you had kept your Clash records and that good pair of Doc Martens you had in high school. Check out their latest release if you can, but if somehow you miss it, there will probably be an even newer one soon enough. And odds are you’ll want that one too.
—JJP
Nothing Wrong with Giving Up
New Tucsonan and multi-instrumentalist Joe Jennings (previously of JJ and the Real Jerks) makes his local record debut with a little help from his friends. Namely Matt Rendon of Midtown Island Studios (and a couple of other bands on this list.) 
The resulting output is an utter blast with a gleeful dose of good old west coast power pop, a little hint of 80s pub rock attitude, with echoes of such hard hitters as Elvis Costello, The Cars and the late, great Greg Kihn.
This is a FUN listen, first and foremost. I, for one, dig it quite a bit.
—JJP
Warm Maneuvers
Certain high profile Tucson birthed bands have a reputation in the indie press for somehow being representative of “border rock.” But the real border rock scene in town centers around a pair of dudes who grew up on the actual border. 
Isaac Reyes and Ricky Shimo (who also play in friend Neil Kight’s band Shit Knife and Shimo’s project Anchorbaby) form the heart of Lenguas Largas. A pounding vortex post-punk/psych/garage with shades of the MC5 and rock en español, Lenguas may be the loudest local band you’ll ever love.
"Warm Maneuvers" is a complete remaster of the band’s 2022 release “Is This Still Laughing Hyenas?” but between this version’s superior production quality and the original release being a bit underappreciated, the album has more than earned a spot on this year’s list.
—JJP
Electricity Plus
When not busy lending drums and backing vocals and general expertise to other bands (like Freezing Hands, Joe Jennings MVPs and The Lemon Drop Gang), Matt Rendon is busy making music of his own. The Resonars are Rendon’s primary recording project, more often than not, functioning in the studio as a kind of multi-layered one man band. 
Rendon plays all his own instruments, for the most part. Guitar, bass, drums, percussion, keyboards, assorted obscure instruments laying about the studio, lead vocals, additional lead vocals, harmonies, other harmonies, more harmonies still, really faint additional secret harmonies, double tracked versions of all the above harmonies, etc. Very occasionally, an extremely trusted collaborator (in this record’s case, Johnnie Rinehart of Lenguas Largas on ARP Odyssey and Moog synths) is allowed in on the whole production.
Electricity Plus is the latest release in the Resonar’s impressive, two-dozen-plus album catalog and one of their best efforts to date. If you aren’t familiar with the band’s body of work, this is a great place to start. If you are already a fan, you’re gonna want to buy this one on vinyl.
—JJP
Twisted Hills/Wicked
OK, technically, this song was released in 2022, on the most recent Birds and Arrows album, "Electric Bones." But I think we can make an exception to the rule for songs with really excellent videos. 
Pete and Andrea Connolly, the duo that form the core of B&A, having been pairing their songs with cinematic visions since their arrival in town a few years ago, embracing their new city via a camera’s lens, and making the kind of videos that tell self contained stories ala the golden age of MTV. This is one of the more surreal and arty of their video offerings, which is all the more appropriate given the track’s Peter Gabriel-esque sonic arc. ’Tis a treat.
—JJP
Shadow Ridge
A long, long time ago (actually it was last Easter), the guitarist in my band went with me to a Laura Jean Band show and won a pair of fluffy bunny ears fresh off Laura Jean’s very head for knowing who wrote the song "Wichita Lineman." (It was Jimmy Webb.) 
The fact that this band’s frontwoman is tossing out those kinds of pop-quizzes at her audience members tells you a lot about what this album is going to sound like. Vintage-inspired country rock a la Kris Kristofferson and Glen Campbell in warm sunset shades, best sipped with your favorite libation on a patio on a Sunday.
—JJP
Off and Running
Ryan David Green is best known as one half of the well loved Tucson-born indie folk duo Ryanhood, but on this album, Green takes a break from longtime musical collaborator Cameron Hood and flexes his Berklee College of Music bona fides on a series of acoustic jazz-inspired instrumentals. 
Green’s technical prowess is on full display here, but what really marks this release is the apparent joy with which he plays these pieces. This is a musician doing what he loves for the sake of itself and that is what makes it all shine. Who needs words when you’ve got harmonics like that?
—JJP
Natural Disaster
Young female artists are certainly having a moment. If you're looking for a local artist who is channeling the energy of Taylor, Chappell or Sabrina, check out a set by Tucson's Sophia Rankin and the Sound. Her latest album, Natural Disaster, features eight songs that mix pop, folk and Americana into an infectious blend that demonstrates Rankin has serious songwriting chops to accompany her electrifying live performances.
—JN
That Delicious Vice
Tucson transplant Kid Congo Powers draws inspiration from the Sonoran Desert in “That Delicious Vice.”  The opening track is the ominous “East Of East,” an instrumental that from the downbeat captivates the senses with its concussive, reverb-drenched drum poundings and saw-edged Duane Eddy-esque guitar twang. You can sense a darkening sky, rays of incandescent sunlight piercing through gaps in rain-heavy clouds, as a monsoon approaches. "Ese Vicio Delicioso" — the title track transposed to Spanish — is an acid-garage-drenched cumbia in which Powers narrates the story of his musical junket over the Pink Monkey Birds’ cowbell-welting Latin rhythms. "Ese Vicio Delicioso" could easily find itself on a playlist to soundtrack a road trip South of the border, the kind that doesn't always end well, throttling headlong towards misadventure, yielding to well-worn vices. And "The Smoke is The Ghost" blends elements of down-tempo jazz and retro-tiki lounge exotica, with a rumba clave pattern to create a super-chilled vibe. This track belongs on the jukebox at The Shelter. 
—XOO
Man Of The House
Tucson independent hip-hop artist Cash Lansky made his major indie label debut via Mello Music Group with "Man Of The House," where he using his storytelling prowess to dig into themes of family, hardships, manhood, perseverance and ultimately redemption. The seven tracks that comprise the record— produced by Torrence Wade and Mario Luciano (best known for work with J. Cole, Drake, and Kendrick Lamar) — stand as testaments to Lansky's resilience and hard-won growth. The title track features a spoken word piece by essayist, best-selling poet and author Márquez Price narrating Lansky's story of trials and personal growth after being obliged into a role all too many boys face, stepping into manhood at a young age. “It's Givin'" finds Lansky in a dialogue with an unknown someone that he now wishes would have said what he needed to hear as a kid. "A Mother's Joy," featuring Tammy Malloy, is a reminiscence about the bond between mother and son. The sophisticated record expresses a maturity that only comes with the passage of time after long hours spent in self-reflection.
—XOO
 Nashville, California
Amy Muñoz describes her style as “a little goth country, a little rock ’n’ roll,” It captures the spirit of “Nashville, California,” a largely guitar-centric album containing expansive solo passages. Recorded at recording studio Sonic Ranch in Tornillo, Texas, the album came together in just three days. The songs, in Muñoz’s words, “explores personal stories and genuine emotions.” 
 —XOO
Copper State
Bringing together his love for country and jazz, multi-talented musician Arthur Vint began the process of writing the songs that would flower in “Copper State” in 2017, when he still lived in New York. The COVID outbreak brought him back to Tucson, where he launched the Copper Room at Hotel Congress. This year, he finally completed the album, which was originally meant to be a love letter from afar. “Brewery Gulch” recalls the feeling of family trips to Bisbee, “Phantom Ranch” was inspired by the Grand Canyon and “Tuzigoot” is an homage to Arizona’s Verde Valley. Vint told the Sentinel he forgot about the project for a while before dusting off the recordings. It's a gift to us all that he eventually finished it up.
—XOO
Come Back a Dog

Alan Lewis Curtis, better known as local legend Al Foul, died in 2022 after a battle with throat cancer, but he lived his 50 years to the fullest, as anyone who saw his phenomenal and raw live performances can tell you. This year, his widow, Hannah Levin, oversaw the release of a final posthumous album, “Come Back a Dog.” 


The seven-track collection is sparse desert Americana with a twist of noir, full of desperate characters and love gone wrong. The album features four of Al’s original songs, including the title track — in which the narrator wishes he could come back as an abused dog in hopes that he might be saved by an ex-lover ("Then you'd walk in/Looking for a new best friend/And you'd take me home/Never again would I roam/And you'd let me sleep in your bed”) — and unique spins on classics such as “Frankie and Johnnie” and Johnny Cash’s “Memphis.” This is a work of love and a tribute to a much-missed troubadour. 

—Jim Nintzel
Correction: This story originally referred to “Sabrina” as “Samantha.” 

Correction: This story originally referred to “Sabrina” as “Samantha.” 

 — 30 —
Unlike most news outlets, the Tucson Sentinel publishes our stories without a paywall. We believe a healthy community depends on everyone having access to quality independent journalism, whether they can afford to pay or not. As a nonprofit organization, we're committed to providing real reporting to everyone in Southern Arizona.
But a single story can cost us thousands of dollars to report – some take months and months of dogged digging, others require paying for tall stacks of records that officials don't want to provide. Some mean driving to remote corners of Pima County, and some see our reporters sitting through endless government meetings to make sure they get the whole story and not just a quick headline. Our award-winning newsroom has some of the best reporters, photographers & editors in the state, and we're dedicated to getting the story right.
Our pioneering effort to rebuild local news will only work if enough people join our Watchdog Club community of paying members. Please join today for as little as $15/month.
For those who can't afford to contribute right now, please sign up for one of our free Watchdog Update newsletters, and help the spread word about the Sentinel to your friends, family, neighbors & co-workers. Your contributions help the Sentinel sustain & grow our nonprofit newsroom & bolster our commitment to delivering the important independent news our community needs to thrive.
A smarter Tucson is a better Tucson — and the Sentinel shines a light on this town because we love it. Please join with us today. 

I want to help TucsonSentinel.com offer a real news alternative!


Subscribe and stretch your donation over time:


Or give a secure one-time gift with PayPal or your credit card:

The Tucson Sentinel is published by Tucson Investigative Reporting Center Inc., an Arizona nonprofit organization. Your contribution is tax-deductible. 

	Get the latest authentically local news from TucsonSentinel.com.
	
Tucson Sentinel's independent nonprofit newsroom is an award-winning journalism pioneer that learns from & informs Southern Arizonans about the community challenges & unique culture of our Borderlands.

		Through watchdog reporting, local commentary & expert analysis, the Sentinel inspires residents to be meaningfully engaged with our community, promotes transparency & understanding, seeks solutions that empower, & holds the powerful accountable.

"Tucson's independent watchdog news"
		
© 2009-2025 TucsonSentinel.com, Tucson, Arizona
Best in Internet Exploder
"authentically local news for Tucson"
		

							 Get the latest authentically local news from TucsonSentinel.com. 
							
Tucson Sentinel's independent nonprofit newsroom learns from & informs Southern Arizonans about the community challenges & unique culture of our Borderlands.

			Through watchdog reporting, local commentary & expert analysis, the Sentinel inspires residents to be meaningfully engaged with our community, promotes transparency & understanding, seeks solutions that empower, & holds the powerful accountable.