SUBSCRIBE
Try 6 Free Issues
The world's richest man is going all in to get Donald Trump elected in November — whether it will make a difference is entirely unclear
"If he loses, I'm fucked."
Those are the words of tech titan Elon Musk during a recent interview with far-right former Fox News personality Tucker Carlson. The "he" in question is, of course, former President Donald Trump, whose reelection bid Musk has enthusiastically endorsed, insisting last week that "this will be the last election in America" if Trump isn't returned to office in November.
Although Musk has long mixed his personal brand (and professional brands) with his conservative ideology, his comments to Carlson and appearance at Trump's Butler, Pennsylvania rally this month mark a new phase of his political activism. As the 2024 presidential election enters its final stretch, the world's richest man has moved not only to align himself with Trump's MAGA movement but is now actively using his historic wealth and influence to facilitate the GOP's electoral success. Trump, meanwhile, has said that, if elected, he would task Musk with leading an "efficiency commission" to audit the whole of the federal government — with which Musk happens to have numerous lucrative contracts.
The Week provides readers with a wide range of perspectives from 200 trusted news sources.
From our daily WeekDay news briefing to an award-winning Food & Drink email, get the best of The Week delivered directly to your inbox.
From our daily WeekDay news briefing to an award-winning Food & Drink email, get the best of The Week delivered directly to your inbox.
While Musk's immense wealth and enormous cultural footprint, particularly online, are undeniable, his ability to actually move the electoral needle remains entirely untested.
As befits the world's wealthiest person, much of Musk's political activism comes in the form of money. His political action committee set up to support Trump's candidacy is offering "starting wages of $30 an hour to individuals seeking to increase voter registration and turnout" Fox News said. Musk's PAC is also "circulating a petition in which voters pledge their support for the First and Second Amendments" in exchange for "$47 for each voter recruited to sign it," The New York Times said.
Beyond his financial clout, Musk's ownership of X also presents a lever for his partisan activism. Despite the "waning" influence of the once-dominant social media platform, X remains a "space peopled with politicians, journalists and politically engaged users" in which Musk can "elevate certain stories and individuals, or perhaps direct attention away from those that are less politically expedient," The New Statesman said. "In a race with fine margins, that limited impact can alter outcomes."
Ultimately, however, Musk's greatest contribution to the Trump campaign may be in his voter turnout effort. Trump's get-out-the-vote operation is now "principally being run" by Musk's America PAC, The Guardian said. And while Trump had initially predicted his campaign would have "multiple PACs drive the rest of the vote, with six weeks until the election, only America PAC has a material presence of 300 to 400 employees in each of the seven battleground states." Musk himself has been entirely forthright about his focus on voter turnout on Trump's behalf. "Honestly, you want to just be a pest," Musk said during his appearance at Trump's Pennsylvania rally. "Just be a pest to everyone you know, people on the street, everywhere."
Musk's financial influence on the race — and particularly his $47 per pledge effort — "speaks volumes about how Musk and the MAGA movement think democracy works," said Democratic strategist Max Burns at The Hill. That Musk would use rhetoric like predicting this would be the "last election" will have "dangerous consequences" in 2025 and beyond, no matter who wins in November, said CNN's Brian Stelter. "That kind of rhetoric is going to make it very hard for all of us to be Americans, to be neighbors next year."
Although Musk is able to "command attention that outweighs other surrogates," said MSNBC's Allan Smith, that same attention is often the "result of actions voters find cringeworthy — and the former president and his campaign may find unhelpful." Musk's much-memed appearance at Trump's rally may have seemed an "authentic display of the optimistic fervor" to existing Trump supporters, but "detractors were harsher, interpreting Mr. Musk's bunny hops as a cringe-y spectacle from a tech savant with a history of awkward public appearances," said The New York Times.
"Republicans love his money, no doubt," Mother Jones said. But Musk's plans to visit Pennsylvania on Trump's behalf between now and Election Day represent "peak donor-brain to think that swing-state voters want to hear anything more from a union-buster with the emotional maturity of a seventh-grade gamer." More acutely, Musk's financially motivated voter turnout operation risks "incentivizing bad data, which is what you really don't want in a get-out-the-vote operation."
Ultimately, by jumping about the Trump train, Musk may have damaged his already fragile reputation most of all. "The man once seen as a tech visionary, a real-life Tony Stark," said MSNBC's Ayman Mohyeldin, "will now be known as the man who traded in his reputation and his self-professed principles to become nothing more than a reactionary Lex Luthor in a MAGA hat."
A free daily email with the biggest news stories of the day – and the best features from TheWeek.com
Rafi Schwartz has worked as a politics writer at The Week since 2022, where he covers elections, Congress and the White House. He was previously a contributing writer with Mic focusing largely on politics, a senior writer with Splinter News, a staff writer for Fusion's news lab, and the managing editor of Heeb Magazine, a Jewish life and culture publication. Rafi's work has appeared in Rolling Stone, GOOD and The Forward, among others.  

Talking Point
Relations between India and Pakistan are 'cratering' in the aftermath of a shocking terror attack in the disputed border region


The Week Recommends
These deliciously crispy fritters are a Lebanese staple


The Week Recommends
There is much more to be found in Egypt when straying from the usual tourist destinations


Talking Point
The second Trump White House is 'less a new administration', and more a 'vengeful monarchy'


IN THE SPOTLIGHT
The president's executive order targeting two of the nation's largest public broadcasters comes as the White House seeks to radically reframe how Americans get their news


IN THE SPOTLIGHT
In her first major speech since Donald Trump took office, the former presidential candidate took solid aim at this administration as speculation grows about her future


In the Spotlight
By embracing digital currency, the White House is clearing a path for a new era in dubious self-enrichment


Today's Big Question
'Unprecedented fragmentation puts voters on a collision course with the electoral system'


Talking Point
Political pressure on institutions compromises academic independence – and risks damaging America's ability to attract international talent


In the Spotlight
El Salvador's popular strongman rose to power promising to make his country safe


Under the radar
The term has grown in prominence since Donald Trump returned to the White House


The Week UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.