Manage your account
"It's gonna come to what my makeup and what my hair is going to do," the singer said
Kevin Mazur/Getty
Less is more for Rihanna's 2024 Met Gala look.
While chatting with Extra as she celebrated the launch of her new Fenty Beauty Soft’lit Foundation at an event in Los Angeles, California, on April 26, the singer, 36, spoke about her attire for the annual fashion event.
"I'm actually keeping it real simple this year. ... It's gonna come to what my makeup and what my hair is going to do," Rihanna said.
Detailing that she currently has two gowns picked out, the "We Found Love" musician described the outfits as, "Very simple-ish ... compared to everything I have done."
"I am showing up for dinner," she then teased.
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
Stephane Cardinale - Corbis/Corbis via Getty
Related: All About the 2024 Met Gala, from the Co-Chairs to the Theme
The Met Gala is held annually each year in New York City. It serves as a fundraising event for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute, formally titled The Anna Wintour Costume Center — named after Vogue's editor-in-chief, who has been a chair member of the gala since 1995.
The theme for 2024 was announced back in November 2023. Titled “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion,” the upcoming Costume Institute exhibit will feature approximately 250 items that span over 400 years of history.
Vogue later announced in February 2024 that the Met Gala dress code would be “The Garden of Time,” inspired by J.G. Ballard’s 1962 short story of the same name.
This year's event will be co-chaired by Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth. The 2024 Met Gala will be Hemsworth’s first and Bad Bunny’s third. Lopez, 54, and Zendaya, 27, meanwhile, are seasoned Met Gala pros.
The 2024 Met Gala will take place on May 6, 2024, in New York City.
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.