Eagle-eyed fans shared the evidence on social media.
Getty Images
 Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny are adding more fuel to speculation they’ve rekindled their romance. One week after the exes were seen getting cozy at a Met Gala after-party, eagle-eyed fans spotted the model and Puerto Rican rapper having another under-the-radar reunion. This time, Jenner showed up to support the “Where She Goes” singer at his concert in Orlando, Florida, reigniting possible reconciliation buzz.

 According to clips shared by fellow concertgoers on social media, the reality star–who wore a black sweatshirt with the hood up for the show–could be seen dancing and nodding her head to the music in the VIP section during Bad Bunny’s Friday, May 17 show at the Orlando Kia Center. 

 Jenner’s latest appearance caused a frenzy online due to the timing of the pair hanging out at the Après Met 2 Met Gala after-party just days earlier. The former couple–who hadn’t been photographed together since December 2023– “were very much enjoying each other's company. Sitting close and whispering in each other's ears,” an onlooker told People at the time, noting that the pair “were laughing and having the best time.” 

Getty Images
 While this latest reunion is promising, a source told Us Weekly in January that only time will tell whether it’s a casual thing or a step towards getting back together.

 “Kendall’s friends aren’t surprised whatsoever that she’s seeing Bad Bunny again. They figured this would happen because she has a habit of going back to exes,” the insider shared. “It’s not the type of situation where they’re fully back together, but they have hung out a few times since breaking up [in January].”

Getty Images
Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)