The social media post arrived on Christmas Day.

													By
												

	Isabela Raygoza

Associate Editor, Billboard Español

	Following a tantalizing single release “El CLúB” earlier this month, Bad Bunny has announced an exciting lineup of 17 “Bomba” tracks — roughly meaning “explosive hit songs” — on Christmas Day (Dec. 25) via X. This reveal has left fans buzzing on social media with anticipation, further fueling speculation about a forthcoming album.

	The Puerto Rican superstar has a track record of delivering — or announcing — his music on unconventional dates (e.g., X100Pre on Christmas; YHLQMDLG on leap day; Las Que No Iban A Salir on Mother’s Day; El Último Tour del Mundo on Thanksgiving), turning album drops into celebrations.

	










	His latest single — co-produced by MAG, Saox and La Paciencia — features ethereal-like guitar tones in the style of plena, an Afro-Caribbean style from Puerto Rico that blends electronic elements, via Rimas Entertainment. According to the press release, the song encapsulates “the longing for a life chapter that still holds a special place in memory.” 




			Trending on Billboard		






	“El CLúB” debuted at No. 2 on Hot Latin Songs, No. 66 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 39 on Billboard Global 200, among other chart achievements. Benito’s longtime producer, Tainy, is also anticipated to be involved in the album production.

	The upcoming 17-track release will follow 2023’s Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana. Bad Bunny recently collaborated with Argentine soccer legend Lionel Messi to release a new collection of Adidas. “We hope to create a legacy that reflects this unique collaboration, inspiring new generations to follow their passions and work hard to achieve their dreams,” Bunny told Billboard about the collab at the time. “We want this collaboration to become a symbol of unity for our Latino community and for the future.”

	See Bad Bunny’s “Bomba” tweet below:
1. BOMBA2. BOMBA3. BOMBA4. BOMBA5. BOMBA6. BOMBA7. BOMBA8. BOMBA9. BOMBA10. BOMBA11. BOMBA12. BOMBA13. BOMBA14. BOMBA15. BOMBA16. BOMBA17. BOMBA
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.