Menu


Search



Menu


Search




                                                                                        Youth are charting new freshwater futures by learning from the water on the water                                        


                                                                                        Debate over H-1B visas shines spotlight on US tech worker shortages                                        


                                                                                        Why financial hardship is more likely if you’re disabled or sick                                        


                                                                                        Parents abused by their children often suffer in silence – specialist therapy is helping them find a voice                                        


                                                                                        Every generation thinks they had it the toughest, but for Gen Z, they’re probably right                                        


                                                                                        Consumer resistance is rising in the age of Trump. History shows how boycotts can be effective                                        


                                                                                        What to do if your partner wants to speak to your baby in a language you don’t understand                                        


                                                                                        Colombia wants to ban Pablo Escobar and other narco-themed merchandise – here’s why                                        


                                                                                        Heads vs tails? A simple coin flip can be enough to change how we treat others                                        


                                                                                        What’s the difference between baking powder and baking soda? It’s subtle, but significant                                        

                                                                                        Rescuing Nigeria: how to break the cycle of decline and bring progress                                        


                                                                                        Columbia Student Mahmoud Khalil Fights Arrest as Deportation Case Moves to New Jersey                                        

                                                                                        Global crises have hit education hard: 24 years of research offers a way forward for southern Africa                                        

                                                                                        The heart is symbol of love – things weren’t always like that                                        


                                                                                        Plans to link electricity bills to where you live are unlikely to bring down prices – and that’s a big problem for net zero                                        


                                                                                        Canada’s local food system faces major roadblocks without urgent policy changes                                        


                                                                                        Gaza: we analysed a year of satellite images to map the scale of agricultural destruction                                        
jordan-4-orchid-tekken-foamposite-sneaker-releases-october.jpg
McDonald's Fans Outraged by TikTok User's Bizarre Chicken Nugget Eating Hack
What You Need to Know About Starbucks' Trenta: The Secret 31-Ounce Drink Size
Starbucks Reserve: How Overambition Reshaped the Brand's Luxury Coffee Expansion Plans
Eutelsat Launches 20 Satellites via SpaceX Falcon 9 After Merger with OneWeb
Official Images of the Air Jordan 4 'Pure Platinum' Surface Ahead of Air Jordan XX Doernbecher Auction
As October wraps up, sneaker enthusiasts can look forward to a highly anticipated lineup of releases. From the Halloween-themed Giannis Freak 6 and Nike Dunk Low to the Jordan 4 "Orchid" and Tekken Foamposite, this week is packed with exciting drops and unique collaborations.
Nike Collaborates with Central Cee, A Ma Maniere, and Tekken for Major Sneaker Releases This Week
Much of the buzz originates from Beaverton, focusing on Halloween-inspired designs. This week will see the release of the Ja 2, Book 1, Giannis Freak 6, Dunk, and two Air Force 1s, all in seasonal colorways. Outside of the Halloween-themed drops, Nike has several notable collaborations lined up. Central Cee and A Ma Maniere will each release their own Air Max 95, and Tekken’s Jin Kazama will appear on the Foamposite, per Sneaker News.

Additionally, mainline launches like the Jordan 4 “Orchid,” KD 4 “Aunt Pearl,” and the introduction of the Jordan Heir have garnered significant attention. Brands beyond Oregon also make waves with releases like the Dame 9 “Bucks,” ICE STUDIOS x New Balance Minimus Trail, and a three-way collaboration on the Messi Bad Bunny Gazelle. For pet lovers, Crocs will even release a collection for dogs.

Stay Updated on This Week’s Sneaker Releases with Nike's Halloween Collection, Air Jordan 4, and More
A comprehensive list of all the upcoming pairs is available, each linking to detailed breakdowns and direct shopping information. The Sneaker Release Dates and Jordan Release Dates pages provide the latest updates for staying current.
The Gazelle will be launched on October 26th through a three-way collaboration featuring Adidas, Messi, and Bad Bunny.
Breathing through your nose when you exercise may make your runs easier
Entrepreneurs are facing a mental health crisis — here's how to help them
Are fish oil supplements as healthy as we think? And is eating fish better?
Will AI kill our creativity? It could – if we don’t start to value and protect the traits that make us human
Does AI have a right to free speech? Only if it supports our right to free thought
How can I lower my cholesterol? Do supplements work? How about psyllium or probiotics?
Why we need to set limits on sperm donation
Aging with a healthy brain: How lifestyle changes could help prevent up to 40% of dementia cases
Seven techniques to avoid weight regain, approved by experts
 
                                                                                                Zelenskiy, Trump Discuss Ceasefire, Air Defense, and Critical Minerals Deal at Vatican
 
                                                                                                Texas Enacts Historic School Voucher Law, Expanding Private Education Access
 
                                                                                                Albanese Secures Second Term as Trump Factor Shakes Australian Conservatives
 
                                                                                                Jaguar Land Rover Resumes U.S. Shipments Amid Trump’s Tariff Easing
 
                                                                                                OPEC+ Boosts Oil Output Again Despite Price Drop and Demand Concerns
 
                                                                                                Tesla Positioned to Lead U.S. Efforts in Autonomous AI Race with China
 
                                                                                                Appeals Court Halts Ruling to Reinstate Voice of America Staff Amid Trump-Era Shutdown
 
                                                                                                Trump Sparks Backlash with AI Pope Image Amid Vatican Conclave
 
                                                                                                Sheinbaum Rejects Trump’s Proposal to Deploy U.S. Troops in Mexico
 
                                                                                                Russia’s MOEX Index Falls as Oil, Mining, and Telecom Stocks Decline

Back to Top ▲


                        

                        
                        ©PUBLISH Holdings . All Rights Reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.                    
Disclaimer: EconoTimes provides references and links to selected blogs and other sources of economic and market information as an educational service to its clients and prospects and does not endorse the opinions or recommendations of the blogs or other sources of information. Clients and prospects are advised to carefully consider the opinions and analysis offered in the blogs or other information sources in the context of the client or prospect's individual analysis and decision making. None of the blogs or other sources of information is to be considered as constituting a track record. Past performance is no guarantee of future results and EconoTimes specifically advises clients and prospects to carefully review all claims and representations made by advisors, bloggers, money managers and system vendors before investing any funds or opening an account with any Brokerage. Any news, opinions, research, data, or other information contained within this website is provided as general market commentary and does not constitute investment or trading advice. EconoTimes expressly disclaims any liability for any lost principal or profits without limitation which may arise directly or indirectly from the use of or reliance on such information. As with all such advisory services, past results are never a guarantee of future results.
Sign up for daily updates for the most important
            stories unfolding in the global economy.