By BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:48, 19 July 2024   |  Updated:  02:03, 19 July 2024   
 22
View  comments
Anna Faris is opening up about her desire to reprise her role as Shelly Darlingson from the 2008 comedy The House Bunny.
The comedy followed her character, a Playboy Playmate, who, at the ripe old age of 27, is kicked out of the Playboy Mansion and takes a job as a house mother to an awkward sorority as she vows to turn them into the hottest girls on campus.
The film from director Fred Wolf (Joe Dirt 2) and writers Karen McCullah and Kirsten Smith (Legally Blonde, 10 Things I Hate About You) earned $48.7 million domestically and $70.4 million worldwide from just a $25 million budget.
While it performed moderately well at the box office, it was critically panned with just a 43% Rotten Tomatoes rating and a 50% audience score.
Still, Faris - who recently talked about her son Jack starting puberty - is opening up about that film, which she said was a 'life-changing role' for her, and her ideas for a sequel in a new interview with People. 
Anna Faris is opening up about her desire to reprise her role as Shelly Darlingson from the 2008 comedy The House Bunny
The comedy followed her character, a Playboy Playmate, who, at the ripe old age of 27, is kicked out of the Playboy Mansion and takes a job as a house mother to an awkward sorority as she vows to turn them into the hottest girls on campus
Still, Faris is opening up about that film, which she said was a 'life-changing role' for her, and her ideas for a sequel in a new interview with People 
When asked about a sequel, Faris said, 'I always dream. For a while, I was like, Shelley should be a bad country singer, and then I was thinking, no, she should be a CIA interrogator.'
'Her skill is disarming people because she is perceived, and she is, as so open and nonjudgmental,' Faris added.
'So I was imagining Shelley saying, "Oh, what do I do for work? I'm a CIA interrogator." Let's write a script. I would love that,' she said.
She added that Shelly Darlingson, 'was a life-changing role,' though not necessarily from a box office perspective.
'Fundamentally, career stuff aside, playing a character that had so much compassion and lack of judgment, a character who really led with her heart,' she said.
Faris admitted, 'it sounds really corny, but I think it made me feel like it was easier to make friends in a weird way.'
'That's simplistic, but I loved playing a character who was not competitive with other people, and who was really wonderful," she adds.
'That made me want to lead my life with compliments. It felt like kind of a way to combat jealous feelings,' Faris continued today.
When asked about a sequel, Faris said, 'I always dream. For a while, I was like, Shelley should be a bad country singer, and then I was thinking, no, she should be a CIA interrogator'
'Her skill is disarming people because she is perceived, and she is, as so open and nonjudgmental,' Faris added
'So I was imagining Shelley saying, "Oh, what do I do for work? I'm a CIA interrogator." Let's write a script. I would love that,' she said
She added that Shelly Darlingson, 'was a life-changing role,' though not necessarily from a box office perspective
She added that she still clings to Shelly's outlook even today, adding, 'I loved playing a character who was so generous with her love.'
The actress, 47, who shares Jack, 11, with ex-husband Chris Pratt, 45, revealed the pre-teen is starting puberty.
'He told me he thinks he has armpit hair,' the comedic actress told Hoda Kotb and Justin Sylvester Monday on Today. 'It's happening.'
Faris was there promoting her upcoming film, My Spy: The Eternal City.
Sylvester advised the doting mom to 'Get ready, honey. It is happening. Get all those hugs and kisses in now.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group