The new champ follows two other No. 1 songs from Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana.

													By
												

	Pamela Bustios

Sr. Charts & Data Analyst (Latin & Billboard Español)

Bad Bunny’s Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana spins off a third No. 1 on Billboard’s Latin Airplay chart as “Mónaco” rises 3-1 on the Jan. 27-dated ranking. The new champ follows two other chart-toppers from the album: “Where She Goes” and “Un Preview,” both one-week rulers in 2023.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Bad Bunny		
					






















	
		
					Benito "Bad Bunny" Antonio Martinez Ocasio		
					






















	
		
					Maffio		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“Mónaco” leads the overall Latin radio chart with a 7% gain in audience impressions, to 8.75 million, earned in the tracking week ending Jan. 18, according to Luminate. The track leads in its 12th week, after five weeks in the top 10, and unseats Feid and Rema’s “Bubalu” from the summit after the latter’s two-week reign.

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	With “Mónaco,” Bad Bunny scores his 24th No. 1 on Latin Airplay among 47 chart appearances. Aside from Nadie Sabe’s three No. 1s, the set has also tallied one more entry on Latin Airplay: “Perro Negro,” with Feid, which debuted and peaked at No. 46 in December. As Bad Bunny ups his career No. 1 count, he ties with Maluma for the fifth-most champs since the chart launched in 1994. Here’s the winner recap, with J Balvin still at the lead with 36 No. 1 hits:

	36, J Balvin33, Ozuna32, Enrique Iglesias28, Daddy Yankee24, Bad Bunny24, Maluma22, Wisin

	Beyond its Latin Airplay coronation, “Mónaco” concurrently lands at No. 1 on Latin Rhythm Airplay, advancing from No. 2, for Bad Bunny’s 23rd champ there.

Venesti, Nacho & Maffio’s “No Es Normal” Rules Latin Pop Airplay: Over on Latin Pop Airplay, Venesti, Nacho and Maffio’s first team-up, “No Es Normal,” holds strong for a third week with a robust 21% increase in audience impressions, to 4.1 million during the same period.

	The collab earned each of the artists their first No. 1 when it lifted 2-1 on the Jan. 13-dated list. Nacho came up short a few years back, when “Báilame” achieved a No. 2 peak in Nov. 2017. Over a year later, “Déjalo,” with Manuel Turizo, took him to a No. 7 high in April 2019.

	While Nacho and Maffio have secured previous entries on the chart, the song earned newcomer Venesti his first chart visit. The Colombian, however, scored his first No. 1 on any Billboard chart with “Umaye,” which spent one week atop Latin Rhythm Airplay last October.

	










	Over on the overall Latin Airplay list, “No Es Normal” pushes from No. 35 to No, 24, Maffio’s highest ranking there.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.