Foggy in the morning. Then periods of showers later in the day. High 62F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 70%..
                                
Rain likely. Low 52F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall around a half an inch.
 Updated: May 4, 2025 @ 12:09 am
DEAR READERS: With climate change has come some very unpredictable weather, which has caused many of you to ask how long food can last in the refrigerator or freezer. It appears that weather-related outages have increased significantly.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, all of us should be stocking up on ice and frozen containers of fresh water. If you know a bad storm is coming, you might want to stock up on ice and store it in coolers before the storm begins. Pay attention to the expiration dates on bottled water.
Do not store milk, eggs and (nearly all) dairy products in the refrigerator door. Because the door is often opened and closed, the temperature can fluctuate. Dairy products do better with a steady temperature.
Stock up on nonperishables, such as canned tuna, peanut butter, pasta and powdered drinks that can be mixed with water.
A full refrigerator can usually go 36-40 hours without power and still keep food safe enough to consume.
A refrigerator that’s half full will usually keep food safe between 12-24 hours. Of course, this means you can’t open the refrigerator door.
If you have food in the freezer, it’s probably best to cook the meats after 5 or 6 hours without power. Poultry and seafood should be cooked much sooner than the meats. Cooked foods can be stored or eaten immediately. If you refreeze items in your freezer, you risk getting “freezer burn” on your food.
The biggest variable on when to cook food depends on the make and year of your refrigerator. Newer models will generally stay cool longer if the refrigerator door is kept shut.
One very important thing to remember: After your refrigerator/freezer goes 4 hours without power, put all that prepared ice (mentioned beforehand) in with your food. This is especially important for perishable foods.
— Heloise
DEAR HELOISE: At which age do children stop believing in Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny? My son is 9 and still believes they exist.
— Kelly A., Jackson, Mississippi
Kelly, I believe it varies from one child to another, but eventually, most children figure it out by themselves. If your son doesn’t know that these figures aren’t real, you may have to sit him down and tell him someday.
— Heloise
Send hints to Heloise, P.O. Box 795001, San Antonio, TX 78279-5001 or email Heloise@Heloise.com.

                            Share your opinion with New Hampshire.  Letters to the editor may be up to 250 words.  Longer opinions of up to 800 words can be emailed to opinion@unionleader.com along with a headshot.
                        
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.