by 
	Alice Kelly


	Every year, the Kardashian-Jenner family’s Met Gala appearances are some of the most highly-anticipated looks to hit the famous steps at New York City’s Metropolitan Museum of Art. So, will the famous sisters be attending the 2024 Met Gala? 

	










	On Monday, May 6, fans will be hoping to catch a glimpse of Met Gala regulars Kim Kardashian, Kendall Jenner and mom Kris Jenner, or maybe even an appearance from Kylie Jenner, Kourtney Kardashian or Khloé Kardashian, who attend the event less often than their sisters. 













	Related story



	
	
		
					Kim Kardashian & North West Had a Mother-Daughter Spa Day — & Rocked the Cutest Striped Pajamas		
	










	According to early reports about the secretive guest list, only one Kardashian-Jenner has confirmed their attendance for the 2024 Costume Institute Gala but we’re betting we will see more than one sister on the red carpet.



	Kim Kardashian, Kendall Jenner and Kris Jenner are confirmed to attend the 2024 Met Gala. Kendall and Kris have officially made their Met Gala entrance and Kris confirmed that Kim is on her way.



	Meanwhile, Kylie Jenner has hinted that she may attend the Met Gala but isn’t officially confirmed. The other sisters are not confirmed to be attending but that doesn’t mean they won’t show up!

	Kendall’s attendance was confirmed by Page Six on April 13 when they reported that the model was one of several stars who RSVP’d yes. Kendall appearance will be particularly interesting considering ex-boyfriend Bad Bunny is one of the celebrity co-chairs at this year’s Met Gala. 

	Kendall is reportedly back with ex-boyfriend and NBA star Devin Booker but she has always attended the Met Gala solo so we’re not expecting a red carpet debut.

	Kim teased her 2024 Met Gala appearance when she debuted two back-to-back hair transformations, going blonde and then pink. The star has been known to drastically switch up her hair ahead of the fashionable event. Kim attended the event solo last year after walking the carpet with then-boyfriend Pete Davidson in 2022, when she famously wore Marilyn Monroe’s dress. 

	Kylie has not confirmed if she is attending the 2024 Met Gala but she did post a series of photos from her 2023 appearance on May 3 with the caption, “oh how time flies.” Some fans were hoping to see Kylie walk the Met Gala red carpet with rumored boyfriend Timothée Chalamet, who attended the event once in 2021. The couple did attend the Golden Globes together but didn’t pose for photos on the red carpet. 



	Kim made her Met Gala debut in 2013, as Kanye West’s plus-one, but has gotten a place on the guest list every year since. Kendall first attended in 2014 and hasn’t missed a Met Gala since then. The family’s matriach, Kris, has also attended every year since 2015. 

	Kylie has been attending the event since 2016, though she skipped the 2021 Met Gala. Kourtney and Khloé made their one and only (so far) Met Gala appearance in 2022, marking the first year that all the sisters attended. 

	The 2024 Met Gala will celebrate the Costume Institute’s new exhibition, Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion and the official dress code is “The Garden of Time.”

	Met Gala guest lists typically remain a secret until the event begins but we do know that Anna Wintour will attend as a host the event alongside this year’s celebrity co-chairs Bad Bunny, Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya and Chris Hemsworth. Page Six also reports that Gisele Bündchen, Ayo Edebiri, Lily Gladstone, Olivia Rodrigo, Uma Thurman and Sarah Paulson will attend. 

	Rihanna confirmed that she will be going in an April 26 interview with Extra. “I’m actually keeping it real simple this year,” she said of her look, revealing that she is currently deciding between two options. “I think it’s gonna come down to what my makeup and hair is gonna do so I’m gonna play with that,” she added. “I have no idea what I’m gonna do with that.”
Before you go, click to see all of the Kardashian family’s Met Gala looks through the years.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.