News and commentary on organized crime, street crime, white collar crime, cyber crime, sex crime, crime fiction, crime prevention, espionage and terrorism. 
Below is chapter 12 of my crime
novel Olongapo, which I hope to soon have published. 
The chapter originally appeared in American Crime Magazine.
You can read the chapter
below: 
On Yankee Station 
By Paul Davis
The aircraft carrier USS Kitty Hawk, one of the largest warships in the world, had
all of the amenities of home save female companionship. 
That was remedied
temporarily with our frequent port of calls to Subic Bay and Olongapo City in
the Philippines, and our R&R visits to Hong Kong and Sasebo, Japan during our combat cruise in 1970 and 1971. 
One advantage in particular of serving on the Kitty Hawk was the
aircraft carrier had doctors and a full surgical unit to deal with medical
emergencies. The Kitty Hawk also had a dentist aboard. 
I had dental surgery to remove my wisdom teeth while serving on
the carrier on "Yankee Station" in the South China Sea in the Gulf of Tonkin off the coast of North Vietnam. I was awake and alert
for what seemed like hours as the dentist and his dental technician tugged, yanked,
cut, ripped and eventually extracted my wisdom teeth. I don’t know how those
four hands and the various instruments of torture (which originated from the
Spanish Inquisition, I presumed) fit into my mouth. 
“That was the hardest dental surgery I’ve ever experienced,” the
dental tech told me as I sat in the chair heaving. 
“Me too,” I mumbled through my swollen cheeks and bloody mouth.  
Despite the extreme and
painful dental surgery, I was well enough to be back on watch in the Communications Radio Division's Message Processing Center the following day. I couldn’t talk much, which I’m sure was a
blessing for some who worked close with me, but I was able to do my job at a very
busy time on Yankee Station for the Kitty Hawk. 
We were on Yankee Station for
39 days and the Kitty Hawk broke new records for the number of strike sorties
flown into Vietnam by our pilots and the amount of ordnance they dropped on
enemy positions in support of American and South Vietnamese troops on the
ground. 
During this line period, the
Kitty Hawk helped provide air support for the South Vietnamese troops who ventured
into Laos in the highly publicized “Operation Lam Son 719.” Lam Son 719 was the
name of the South Vietnamese ground offensive into Laos that
was meant to cutoff the supply routes to and from South Vietnam and Laos, and
to capture or destroy the supplies and munitions cached in the area by the
North Vietnamese Army. 
Although the mission failed to
totally destroy the North Vietnamese hub of their logistical system known as the “Ho Chi Minh Trail,” the incursion
by the South Vietnamese Army caused considerable disruption to the Communist
supply routes. Kitty Hawk combat pilots distinguished themselves flying
air cover during the operation. 
After
a South Vietnamese division was ordered to retreat, some of the soldiers were photographed
by the press clinging for dear life to the skids of American helicopters in a
desperate effort to escape, which became the main thrust of news stories by the
American and the world press. 
Also during this line period,
Kitty Hawk pilots participated in what the Pentagon called “Protective Reaction”
strikes into the heart of North Vietnam. The strikes were ordered after the
Communists fired missiles from North Vietnam into Laos during Lam Son 719.
Kitty Hawk pilots, other carrier pilots, and Air Force pilots flew North,
braving artillery flak and surface-to-air
missiles (SAM) as they hit the North Vietnamese missiles sites and other
strategic targets.          
Kitty Hawk’s one and only
loss of aircraft during our combat cruise occurred during this time. An A7E Corsair
pilot returning to the aircraft carrier from Laos was forced to eject from his jet
as the Corsair crashed into the sea. Thankfully, he survived and was rescued
from the sea off Da Nang by an Air Force “Jolly Green” helicopter. 
As the action on the ground
in Laos and in the skies over Laos and North Vietnam raged, the sailors in the
Kitty Hawk’s Communications Radio Division's Message Processing Center hustled to maintain communications
between the combat pilots and the carrier. Intelligence reports were also processed
speedily to senior naval officers. It was a hectic but most interesting period
aboard the carrier. 
In addition to maintaining
and distributing highly classified messages to the carrier’s captain, the
executive officer, and the Task Force 77 admiral and his senior staff, I was one
of the two sailors responsible for maintaining security of the classified
messages from receipt to destruction.  
I worked at a small desk off
in a corner, away from the constantly clicking teletype machines that sent and
received encrypted classified messages, and the “Ditto” copier that rolled out
numerous copies of the messages for distribution. 
My desk was partially hidden
behind a series of pneumatic tubes, which we called “Bunny Tubes.” We used pneumatic
power to shoot high priority messages in a two-foot-long missile-like container
to the brass’ offices aboard the ship. The container landed in a box filled
with sand in the officers’ offices. 
If we didn’t like the officer’s yeoman
(like a secretary), we would give the Bunny Tube a second shot of air after
sending forth the container, and the container would hit the box like a real
missile, sending sand all over the floor and sometimes all over the yeoman.  
Prior to working the desk in
the Message Center, I had performed more physical jobs in Special Services, where I was part of a team
that ran cable wire throughout the ship, making the Kitty Hawk the first warship to
have 24-hour TV and radio cable service. 
While in Special Services, I also served as a fire
fighter on a Damage Control Team. Whenever a fire or other
emergency occurred, we were called out and the Damage Control Team was my “battle
station” when General Quarters was called. 
“General Quarters, General
Quarter,” the 1MC would call out across the ship. “All Hands man your battle
stations.” 
Most often the phrase “This is
a drill. This is a drill” was added to the message, but on a couple of
occasions, we heard, “This is not a drill. Repeat, this is not a drill.” 
Having attended a couple of
firefighting schools in San Diego prior to our shoving off for Southeast Asia,
I was trained to help man a large hose that put out fires before the fires reached the bombs
and other munitions.  
But once I was reassigned to the
Communications Radio Division, my battle station became the Message Center, where
all hands doubled up during General Quarters.        
The traffic security and distribution desk was a 3rd
Class Radioman’s job, but although I was only a seaman, I was assigned to one
of the two eight hours on and eight hours off watches. A 3rd Class Radioman took
the other eight-hour watch. Like me, he was very interested in the Vietnam War,
and like me, he read military history books and spy thrillers. 
He would leave
me a file with copies of messages and reports that were interesting to us, such
as intelligence reports from naval intelligence, the CIA and other agencies
involved in the war. He would also leave copies of messages from high-ranking
people, such as President Nixon, to our top military people. I left him a
folder with the same type of messages from my watch as well. 
Another aspect of our job was
to prepare the destruction documentation of “Burn Bags,” which were paper sacks
that held the discarded copies of classified messages that we were destroying
each month while on Yankee Station. I would hand over the document and the paper
burn bags to an assigned petty officer who signed a receipt for my records.
The
assigned petty officer then took two seamen with him to the ship’s furnace.
There the petty officer and the seamen would toss the messages into the huge
furnace. Wearing thick gloves, they used long metal poles that they stuck in
the open furnace gate and would flop the messages around, so they were totally
burnt and destroyed. 
The smokestack at the top of
the furnace was normally open, which allowed the heat to escape through the funnel,
but because we were burning top-secret message traffic, the sailors who
operated the furnace were instructed to close off the smokestack, so no piece
of a classified message would fly out. 
Because of this, the heat in
the furnace room rose to an incredible degree. I often joined the other
radiomen, and we stripped down to our shorts as we poked and tossed the burning
messages in the furnace. 
Thankfully, I was not
involved in an incident in which the smokestack was left open and numerous
pieces of partially burned messages flew up and out of the smokestack. 
A Soviet
trawler, which was more of an intelligence gathering ship than a fishing
vessel, always followed American aircraft carriers on Yankee Station in the
Gulf of Tonkin. The Soviet sailors aboard the trawler in our wake saw the bits
of paper flying out of the smokestack and landing in the sea. The Soviet
sailors tossed out their fishing nets to capture the floating pieces of paper. 
Someone on the carrier saw
the scraps of burnt paper take flight from the smokestack and then spied the
Soviet trawler hauling them in. The deck department was ordered to close the smokestack
immediately. 
One of our aircraft flying
over the Soviet trawler took photos of the Soviet sailors putting together the
scraps of burned paper on their fantail, like a giant jigsaw puzzle. 
This was a
major security issue and a violation of security regulations. A naval officer,
a commander, was assigned as an investigating officer. I was initially
interviewed by the commander, and I told him that I submitted the destruction
document to Radioman 3rd Class John Hardy. 
That was my end of my
involvement. The commander merely took my statement and dismissed me. 
I felt bad for Hardy, who was
in charge of the destruction detail. He was looking like the fall guy until he
produced a copy of his memo to the deck department that instructed the deck
sailors to close off the funnel. That cleared the sailors from the Communications Radio Division, and ultimately a 3rd Class Boatswain Mate named George Hartman was held
responsible for the security violation.      
Lorino told me that Hartman, a lean, red-haired, freckled-faced 25-year-old from Denver, was a known fuck-up, drunk and suspected petty thief. He went to Captain's Mass and was busted back down two ranks to seaman apprentice and sentenced to 30 days in the brig.
He spiraled
downward after getting out of the brig and losing his petty officer’s crow. According
to Lorino, who worked with Hartman in the Deck Department, the busted sailor later
visited the Americano in Olongapo, where he drank himself silly. 
The Americano's manager, who often bought items Hartman stole from the carrier, paid another Kitty
Hawk sailor to take Hartman back to the ship. Walker, the sailor and Lorino
placed Hartman in a jeepney and the jeepney took off for the Subic Bay naval
base.
 Lorino told me that Hartman took to drinking on the carrier while on
Yankee Station, even on his watches. Hartman was counseled by a sympathetic
chief about his drinking, but Hartman went on drinking secretly and he was put
on report more than once. 
While the aircraft carrier temporarily
ceased launching and recovering aircraft on Yankee Station to receive supplies
and munitions from a U.S. Navy supply ship during an underway replenishment
operation, Hartman was seriously injured due to his being pie-eyed. 
Called an “UNREP,” the supply
ship came alongside the Kitty Hawk in the Gulf of Tonkin in fairly calm seas. A
boatswain mate aboard the supply ship used a shotgun equipped with a “shot line,” a pneumatic line-throwing device,
to shoot a line across to the Kitty Hawk on the carrier’s starboard side.
The line carried across the messenger line, which was used to convey a transfer
rig line, as well as a phone line, a distance line, and other connecting lines
from ship-to ship. 
The UNREP was a complicated
and risky venture as the aircraft carrier and the supply ship had to steam
forward side by side on a parallel speed and course for the length of the transfer
operation. The two ships also had to maintain a safe distance between them to
avoid collision. 
Lorino told me that Hartman
was injured as he was hauling over munitions from the supply ship to the
carrier. Hartman slipped and fell, allowing a heavy crate to drop on his legs
and crush them. Hartman was rushed to sick bay, where the ship’s surgeon
performed emergency surgery. 
A safety inquiry followed, and Hartman was found
to have been intoxicated during the UNREP. 
Previously suspected of a rash of thefts in the department by breaking into lockers and stealing from his shipmates, a security search was conducted while Hartman was in sick bay. 
Various stolen items were found under Hartman's rack and in his locker, from two cassette players to several wrist watches, rings, and a good bit of cash. 
After he recovered from his injuries, he was flown off the carrier and landed at the U.S. Naval Base at Subic Bay. He was arrested by Naval Investigative Service Special Agents and charged with theft and other crimes.
No one knew what became of
him.  
© 2024 By Paul Davis 
You can read my other posted Olongapo
chapters via the below links:
Paul Davis On Crime: Chapter One: Butterfly
Paul Davis On Crime: My Crime Fiction: 'Salvatore Lorino'
Paul Davis On Crime: My Crime Fiction: The Old Huk
Paul Davis On Crime: My Crime Fiction: Join The Navy And See Olongapo
Paul Davis On Crime: My Crime Fiction: 'Boots On The Ground'
Paul Davis On Crime: My Crime Fiction: 'The 30-Day Detail'
Paul Davis On Crime: My Crime Fiction: 'Cat Street'
Paul Davis On Crime: My Crime Fiction: 'The Cherry Boy'
Paul Davis On Crime: My Crime Fiction: 'The Hit'
Paul Davis On Crime: My Crime Fiction: Welcome To Japan, Davis-San
Paul Davis On Crime: A Look Back At Life Aboard An Aircraft Carrier During The Vietnam War: 'The Compartment Cleaner'
Paul Davis On Crime: My Crime Fiction: 'Murder By Fire'
Thousands of former sailors who served on the USS Kitty Hawk over her history are saddened by the sight of the former great aircraft carrier as she is on her last stop prior to being scrapped in Bremerton, Washington. 
I served on the Kitty Hawk in 1970-1971 as a teenage sailor and I was aboard for a WESTPAC (Western Pacific) cruise. The carrier was stationed on "Yankee Station" in the Gulf of Tonkin in the South China Sea off the coast of North Vietnam during the Vietnam War. 
We also made port of calls to Subic Bay in the Philippines, Sasebo, Japan and Hon Kong.
I'll never forget my time on the USS Kitty Hawk.
You can read about the aircraft carrier's great history in war and peace via the below link:
Kitty Hawk II (CVA-63) (navy.mil)
James Fulks posted the above and below photos of the great ship's coming end on the Kitty Hawk's Facebook Page.
You can read about the USS Kitty Hawk on Yankee Station during the Vietnam War via the below link:
Paul Davis On Crime: On Yankee Station: A Look Back At The Aircraft Carrier USS Kitty Hawk During The Vietnam War, 1970-1971
And you can read about the USS Kitty Hawk's 1987 SLEP overhaul in Philadelphia via the below link:
Paul Davis On Crime: A Look Back At The Aircraft Carrier USS Kitty Hawk's 1987 SLEP Overhaul In Philadelphia
Below is a photo of the USS Kitty Hawk in her greater days in 1970. 
I have a framed four-foot poster of the photo in my basement office and library.