Mother's Day is just under a month away and you might be starting to think about what you're going to get for some of the women with children in your life. It can be difficult to know what to buy, but I think we call agree that every mum deserves a day of unadulterated pampering.
Whether it's a day at the spa, a posh afternoon tea or even a few hours of TLC at home - it's nice to come prepared. With that in mind, Lush has officially launched its Mother's Day range - and it's spectacular.
I was luckily enough to be invited to the Lush Arndale store to try out some of the brand's latest range, as well as the Easter selection and see what I think of it for myself. And it wasn't just the incredible bath bombs that they're known for that impressed me, it was pretty much the whole store. For the sakes of length, I've whittled down the list of my favourite products to eight, which I can almost guarantee will go down a treat this Mother's Day.
READ MORE: Boots shopper says her 'secret' to 'erasing wrinkles' in two weeks is a £10 clearance sale anti-ageing cream
READ MORE: I tried Amazon's £11 moisturiser Michelle Keegan 'swears by' - my skin is glowing
If you know your Lush products then you'll probably be well aware of the Avo Bath range. The Avo Bath bath bomb is one of my personal all time favourites, with a fresh and zingy lemongrass and bergamot scent that can be enjoyed all year around. Avo Cuddle bubble bar shares the same scent - and I wish it was a permanent product.
One of the best things about bubble bars is that you can get multiple uses out if it, meaning you get more bang for your buck. These bad boys are fairly chunky so you could easily get three baths out of it, if not more, if you really want to make the product stretch. Just remember, unlike bath bombs which you can lob into your bath for an explosion of colour, bubble bars work best being crumbled under running water and being swished around to get the maximum amount of bubbles.
If the mum in your life doesn't have or doesn't like taking a bath and instead prefers to shower, a luxury shower gel might be a better option. Snuggle is a decadent and marvellously moisturising shower gel that smells of comforting ylang ylang and organic coca butter.
Snuggles comes in a range of sizes, including 115g which costs £8 and 275g which comes in at £16. And if you want an even bigger bottle, pick up the 550g version for £27. What's more, Lush shower gels lather so nicely, which means you're guaranteed a great shower experience every time.
In my opinion, One Long Soak is probably the best bath bomb released in this year's Mother's Day collection. The ylang ylang and sparking grapefruit scent is so refreshing and gives off an explosion of colour.
Due to its chunky size, the bath bomb is said to fizz for up to 30 minutes. And if you wanted to, you could snap the bath bomb into two and get two uses out it.
Okay, so Rock Star Rabbit isn't technically from the Mother's Day Collection and instead part of the Easter range, but I just had to include it. The Rock Star scent is one of Lush's oldest scents and I get so happy when I see it crop up in different forms and variations.
It smells of bubblegum and sugary rock candy with a hearty vanilla base. It is reminiscent of Lush's mega popular Christmas scent, Snow Fairy, but it is more grounded and slightly less sweet, which I absolutely love.
This year it takes the shape of a bunny rabbit playing an electric guitar with a pair of sunglasses that I think Elton John would be jealous of. And with the gorgeous hue of pink, what's not to love?
For me personally, I'd go as far to say that Lush sells the best body scrubs on the market. I adore most of the brand's range of liquid and solid scrubs but this one is a clear standout. It has a candy-like gourmand fragrance that I just want to eat. And I probably should mention, do not try to consume any of the products mentioned - even though they all smell absolutely delicious.
The buttery sugar scrub features restorative and moisturising babassu oil that is produced from wild harvested fruits, hand-collected by indigenous women in the Brazilian Amazon. The product contains caster sugar which gently buffs your skin all over, filling your bathroom and leaving your skill smelling like tonka and vanilla.
If the mum in your life prefers citrus scents, the Blooming Beautiful Chamomile bath bomb will be the fizzer to pick up. It has been crafted with lemons from Sicily, Roman chamomile and orange oil and orange flower absolute, filling your tub with a colourful citrus and floral concoction which is guaranteed to leave you feeling pampered.
The Twilight scent range has long been a mainstay in Lush's permanent collection but it isn't one to be overlooked. And at ASOS, shoppers can pick up the lavender-infused bath bomb and Sleepy shower gel for £13. The bestselling bath bomb has a combination of essential oils that will help you get ready for a good night's rest.
As the fizzer dissolves, it turns from the colour of the setting sun and gets darker until it turns your water into a shimmering deep purple. The matching Sleepy shower gel features a softening wash of oat milk and carrageenan extract and ylang ylang to help wash away your worries and help you sink into bedtime, or start your day with serenity.
Also available at ASOS is a bundle of the brand's most popular skincare products that take you from morning to night. Ultrabland is fantastic oil-based cleanser enriched with almond, rose and beeswax which removes even the most stubborn of mascaras while naturally soothing and balancing skin.
In addition, the bundle features Mask of Magnaminty, which is undeniably one of Lush's hero products. It is effective in deeply cleansing and exfoliating the skin without being too harsh and stripping, which is great for even those with sensitive skin.
And Beauty Sleep is similar in to Mask of Magnaminty with its cleaning and exfoliating properties but has been formulated with hydrating linseed, relaxing lavender and uplifting neroli to aid you feeling relaxed and ready for bed. For best use, apply to the skin and leave on for around 10 minutes. Personally, I only like to use these face masks once a week but twice wouldn't hurt, either.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.