Selena Gomez and Nicola Peltz partied the night away together at Bad Bunny's birthday party.
The stars posed together in a spicy snap from the venue. Nicola wore a short black strapless dress with a pair of sheer black tights. She added a black fur shaw and wore her hair in a high ponytail. Plus, she added a pair of large silver hoops. With the skirt of her dress riding up, she sat close to Selena who had her arms around the actress' waist.
Selena wore a bold red dress with a low, plunging top and spaghetti straps. Some clear, shimmery sequins added a pop of glitter to the outfit. The singer paired them look with a pair of bold, silver dangly earrings and an oversized matching fur coat.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Inside Dua Lipa's 'feuds' with fellow stars Selena Gomez and Rita Ora
In addition to their cute and cuddly post, they added a more bold picture. Selena was seen leaning in close to Nicola and putting a hand on her own rear end in a suggestive look. The post was full of other pictures, stuffed with Hollywood stars. Nicola captioned the series of photos: "benny says dress up and we delivaaaa. happy birthday we love you!"
In another picture, Selena and Nicola posted next to Interscope Records executive Vanessa Tara. She kept up the fur coat look with her own brown pelt. Nicola also posed a snap where she gave her husband, Brooklyn Beckham on the cheek with Cruz Beckham kissing brother's other cheek.
Brooklyn showed off his arms of tattoos as he wore a white tank top with a golden chain and matching necklace. His brother wore a white t-shirt and black blazer. He, too, added a gold chain. Selena's new boyfriend, Benny Blanco, was also at the event with the group wearing matching light blue trousers and a vest. He added layered gold chains.
Fans were so excited to see the group having a good time. "Selena was so sexy, it's so good to see her confident," wrote one in the comments. Another added: "You and Selena Gomez so pretty girl."
Bad Bunny was not spotted in the photos, but he was likely busy partying in celebration of the big 3-0. Earlier in the night, he attended The Oscars where he helped present the award for best international feature film.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.