A ROMSEY bakery has teamed up with its local primary school to help connect children to where their food comes from.


  All 295 pupils at Romsey Primary School received a rabbit roll bread kit from 108 The Bakery to use at home.


  The sourdough bakery, in Latimer Walk, initiated the partnership to encourage kids to be more curious about food, where it comes from and how to make it themselves.


READ MORE: Romsey businesses named the best in England


The bakery team with the bunny rabbit roll kits  (Image: 108 The Bakery)


  Liz Trueman, of 108 The Bakery, said: “Each kit contains all the flour, salt and yeast needed to make eight rabbit rolls. We have used the flour from the Lockerley Estate with whom we have built a relationship over the past couple of years. The Lockerley Estate is a 'Beacon of Excellence' for regenerative farming.


  “In the UK more than half the calories we consume come from Ultra-Processed Foods and mass produced bread is one of the most commonly consumed. Not only is this bad news for our health, it's not great for the environment as food miles and damaging farming practices are part and parcel of this side of the food industry.


Happy with their bunny rabbit roll kits  (Image: Romsey Primary School)


  “We are aware that the cost-of-living crisis has put increasing pressure on people's food budget and that not everyone can buy additive-free bread from their local bakery. We hope that by getting some gorgeous local flour into the hands of our local children so that they can watch the magic of turning it into bread, they’ll become just a little curious about how their food is made, what it’s made from, where the ingredients come from and how they were produced. We also hope they’ll have loads of fun making bunny rolls and enjoy eating them.


Romsey Primary School pupils with their bunny rabbit roll kits  (Image: Romsey Primary School)


SEE ALSO: Lions present environmental books to infant school


  “We are also planning some workshops with the children at the school where we hope to be able to talk a little bit more about where and how the wheat is grown as well as make some more lovely bread.”


  Martyn Whitear, school business manager, said: “We are hugely thankful to 108 The Bakery for their donation of 295 Rabbit Roll bread-making kits was so lovely and we have heard stories from the children told very excitedly of them making rabbit rolls over the weekend with their parents.


  “This a great partnership with 108 The Bakery as a local business and RPS really get together to provide unique and exciting opportunities for our children.  We are really excited and hope to keep the connection going to inspire bakers of the future.”


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.