By KIRSTEN MURRAY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  19:37, 23 June 2024   |  Updated:  19:54, 23 June 2024   
 19
View  comments
Emily In Paris star Ashley Park posed up a storm as she arrived on the red carpet at Vogue World Paris on Sunday evening. 
The actress, 33, dazzled as she opted for a pale pink and sparkly silver giant bow dress. 
Ashley flashed plenty of skin as she put on a very busty display in the outfit which was expertly secured across her chest to preserve her modesty. 
The star continued to shine all the way down to her feet as she added a few inches to her height in some platform silver heels. 
Scraping her brunette locks back into a curled ponytail, Ashley completed the look with some final touches of sparkle from her array of necklaces and dangly diamond earrings. 
Emily In Paris star Ashley Park put on a VERY busty display as she dazzled in a giant shiny bow dress at Vogue World Paris on Sunday evening
Ashley flashed plenty of skin as she displayed her ample cleavage in the dress which was expertly secured across her chest to preserve her modesty
Ashley was joined by her Emily In Paris co-star Lucien Laviscount who cut a dapper figure in a simple light grey suit and black shoes.  
Meanwhile Cara Delevingne channeled Madonna's iconic cone bra as she led the star-studded arrivals for the evening. 
Model and actress Cara, 31, wore a similar bodysuit to the singer's famous Jean Paul Gaultier cone bra 34 years after the 65-year-old debuted her busty corset during her Blonde Ambition World Tour in 1990.
Elsewhere Eva Longoria exuded glamour in a glitzy black gown as she showcased her envious curves in the bodycon ensemble. 
A cohort of famous faces are taking part in the sold-out Vogue World event, celebrating 100 years of fashion and sport in the iconic city.
Guests include Gigi Hadid, Ciara, Maluma, Sabrina Carpenter, Emma Chamberlain, Kendall Jenner, Serena and Venus Williams, Bad Bunny, and Aya Nakumura.
The venue for the show is the famed Place Vendôme - a square which is a renowned location for fine jewellery and the inspiration for a Catherine Deneuve film.
Last year the event was hosted in London, while the year before the Big Apple was the backdrop for the high fashion extravaganza. 
The star continued to shine all the way down to her feet as she added a few inches to her height in some platform silver heels
Scraping her brunette locks back into a curled ponytail, Ashley completed the look with some final touches of sparkle from her array of necklaces and dangly diamond earrings
Ashley was joined by her Emily In Paris co-star Lucien Laviscount who cut a dapper figure in a simple light grey suit and black shoes
The actor plays Emily's love interest Alfie in the Netflix phenomenon 
Those who were unable to get a ticket for the event will be able to watch the action unfold on a live stream, which will be hosted by Cara Delevingne.
This year's Vogue World collaborated with youth athletic academies across France, pairing different sports with a history of 100 years of French fashion.
The sports include cycling, gymnastics, tennis, fencing, and break dancing, among others and the fashion will shine a spotlight on both modern and historic designers.
Artists who are expected to perform during the show include Bad Bunny and Aya Nakamura, although little detail has been revealed so far. 
Cara Delevingne, 31, channeled Madonna's iconic cone bra as she led the star-studded arrivals 
Meanwhile, Eva Longoria exuded glamour in a glitzy black gown as she joined Cara on the carpet early on 
The venue for the show is the famed Place Vendôme - a square which is a renowned location for fine jewellery and the inspiration for a Catherine Deneuve film
Speaking on the event, Vogue's global editorial director and Condé Nast chief content officer Anna Wintour, said: 'If Vogue World: New York was a street fair, and Vogue World: London was a glamorous night at the theatre...
'Supporting arts and cultural organisations in London – Paris will be a kind of opening ceremony; one that celebrates 100 years of fashion and sport, as well as this extraordinary city.'
A percentage of the net proceeds from ticket sales will be donated to the humanitarian organisation Secours Populaire. 
The organisation facilitates access to essential equipment for young, aspiring athletes across France.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group