September 20, 2024 at 7:47 am EDT By Taegan Goddard Leave a Comment 
“The stars of Democratic politics were aligning behind Kamala Harris. Oprah Winfrey, Michelle Obama and assorted liberal luminaries had sung her praises at the Democratic convention. Megawatt endorsements from Taylor Swift and Billie Eilish would soon follow. But there’s another pop star who has not weighed in — and whose endorsement could hold unique power in November,” the Washington Post reports?
“By late August, political consultant Maria Cardona’s phone was buzzing with texts from people in Latino Democratic circles, asking the same question.”
Said the messages to Cardona: “Where’s Bad Bunny? We have to get Bad Bunny.”
Filed Under: 2024 Campaign, Celebrities 
You're reading the free version of Political Wire

Upgrade to a paid membership to unlock full access. The process is quick and easy. You can even use Apple Pay.
 


						Upgrade Now					



“The South Texas home of Elon Musk’s SpaceX rocket company is on its way to becoming an official city with a galactic name: Starbase,” the AP reports. “A vote Saturday…
President Trump shared an image of him as the Pope on Truth Social. It was also shared by the official White House account on X. The papal conclave to elect…
“President Donald Trump had a meltdown Saturday after a federal judge banned him from using a centuries-old wartime act to deport men without due process,” the Daily Beast reports. Wrote…
Andrew Marantz: “Other countries have watched their democracies slip away gradually, without tanks in the streets. That may be where we’re headed—or where we already are.”Save to Favorites
“The White House border czar warned Wisconsin Gov. Tony Evers over his guidance to state workers who encounter federal immigration officials on the job, suggesting the Democratic governor could face…
Republicans are largely “extending tax breaks that have been on the books for years,” Politico reports. “To many voters, it may not seem like anything has changed in their taxes…
If you rely on Political Wire, I’m asking you to become a member. There’s no big company behind this. No political action committees. No party bosses. It’s just me —…
Speaker Mike Johnson’s hope of advancing the long-promised GOP megabill by Memorial Day is running headlong into political reality, as Republicans struggle “to unify around some of their most consequential…
“Investor Warren Buffett told thousands of Berkshire Hathaway shareholders Saturday that the United States shouldn’t use ‘trade as a weapon’ and anger the rest of the world like President Donald…
Wall Street Journal: “After Trump met with Rob Manfred at the White House last month, the issue of Rose was among the topics of conversation. Trump told others after the…
The latest episode of Trial Balloon is live for members. This is what happens when there’s no policy process in the White House. Join now to continue reading. Members get…
“Marco Rubio is doing big things under President Donald Trump — way more than nearly anyone expected,” Politico reports. “The secretary of State was once thought of as one of…
“President Trump is considering an executive order to examine payments made to college athletes and whether they have created an unfair system,“ the New York Times reports. “Mr. Trump’s focus…
“The United States imposed 25 percent tariffs on imported auto parts on Saturday that could sharply raise prices for new and used vehicles as well as for repairs and insurance,”…
“Australia’s Prime Minister Anthony Albanese looks set to secure a second term in office, media networks project, with voters choosing stability over change against a backdrop of global turmoil inflicted…
“President Donald Trump’s decision to oust his national security adviser, Michael Waltz, was the product of a slow accumulation of frustration with a former Green Beret officer who was seen…
“Trump administration officials are exploring ways of challenging the tax-exempt status of nonprofits, in a move that some IRS staffers fear could damage the agency’s apolitical approach,” the Wall Street…
Wall Street Journal: “Trump is drawing support from a rising faction of New Right economic voices that has spent the past decade working to reshape the GOP along Trumpist lines…
Washington Post: “The looped version of the 15-minute video and music is expected to run throughout the weekend on the White House digital channels with a strategy of ‘finding innovative…
“A federal judge on Friday permanently blocked an executive order from President Trump targeting the law firm Perkins Coie, declaring it unconstitutional,” the Wall Street Journal reports. “The ruling from…
Members get exclusive analysis, a trending news page, the Trial Balloon podcast, bonus newsletters and no advertising. Learn more.




						Subscribe					



Taegan Goddard is the founder of Political Wire, one of the earliest and most influential political web sites. He also runs Political Job Hunt, Electoral Vote Map and the Political Dictionary.
Goddard spent more than a decade as managing director and chief operating officer of a prominent investment firm in New York City. Previously, he was a policy adviser to a U.S. Senator and Governor.
Goddard is also co-author of You Won - Now What? (Scribner, 1998), a political management book hailed by prominent journalists and politicians from both parties. In addition, Goddard's essays on politics and public policy have appeared in dozens of newspapers across the country.
Goddard earned degrees from Vassar College and Harvard University. He lives in New York with his wife and three sons.
Goddard is the owner of Goddard Media LLC.
“There are a lot of blogs and news sites claiming to understand politics, but only a few actually do. Political Wire is one of them.”
— Chuck Todd, host of “Meet the Press”
“Concise. Relevant. To the point. Political Wire is the first site I check when I’m looking for the latest political nugget. That pretty much says it all.”
— Stuart Rothenberg, editor of the Rothenberg Political Report
“Political Wire is one of only four or five sites that I check every day and sometimes several times a day, for the latest political news and developments.”
— Charlie Cook, editor of the Cook Political Report
“The big news, delicious tidbits, pearls of wisdom — nicely packaged, constantly updated… What political junkie could ask for more?”
— Larry Sabato, Center for Politics, University of Virginia
“Political Wire is a great, great site.”
— Joe Scarborough, host of MSNBC’s “Morning Joe”
“Taegan Goddard has a knack for digging out political gems that too often get passed over by the mainstream press, and for delivering the latest electoral developments in a sharp, no frills style that makes his Political Wire an addictive blog habit you don’t want to kick.”
— Arianna Huffington, founder of The Huffington Post
“Political Wire is one of the absolute must-read sites in the blogosphere.”
— Glenn Reynolds, founder of Instapundit
“I rely on Taegan Goddard’s Political Wire for straight, fair political news, he gets right to the point. It’s an eagerly anticipated part of my news reading.”
— Craig Newmark, founder of Craigslist.
Copyright © 2025 · Goddard Media LLC  |  Privacy Policy | Corrections Policy
Political Wire ® is a registered trademark of Goddard Media LLC