Katie Price has said that she's had to get 24-hour security at her Mucky Mansion after discovering that eight intruders were on the grounds.
The model and TV star revealed on Instagram that she was alerted to the fact that a white transit van was at her country pile in Sussex. Posting on her Instagram Story, Katie said she "rushed" home after learning that the van was there and that there were eight people in it, who weren't from the area.
The incident came not long after acid was allegedly thrown on the mum-of-five's beloved pink Range Rover. So she has decided to step things up and make sure she has security around the clock.
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
READ MORE: Want more TV? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
Katie, 46, shared a picture of the scene as she told fans what happened. It showed her Range Rover parked in front of a police car at her home.
"Rushed to my house after being informed of a white transit van with eight people not from this area waiting in my grounds," said the star. "A thanks to Sussex Police who were instantly there and are guarding the property."
She went on: "After the recent acid attack at the mansion all breaches of security are taken seriously by all now. There is 24-hour security now at the property for protection."
In May, Katie opened up about being a victim of vandalism during a chat on her podcast The Katie Price Show. She told listeners that last year someone had daubed the words "f****** whore" on the gates to her home and that there had also been other incidents.
"And now my car was parked by my front door, and there's other cars parked there... Someone has thrown acid all over my pink Range Rover," she went on.
The star said that she's had "bad luck" at Mucky Mansion and suggested she won't be there forever. "I can't wait to get out of it, like I've said on this show," she insisted.
The country pad featured on Katie's Mucky Mansion TV series. It showed her transforming the house from a rundown property to a plush family home for her and her children Harvey, 22, Junior, 18, Princess, 16, Jett, 10, and nine-year-old Bunny.
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.