It doesn't seem like there will be wedding bells anytime soon for the Kardashian-Jenner family.
The matriarch of the group, Kris Jenner, recently shared a cheeky remark about her longterm relationship and her daughters Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner's rumoured love lives. Kris and Corey Gamble met in 2014 and went Instagram official in 2015.
Kim has been reportedly linked to American football star Odell Beckham Jr for a few months, and Kendall is seemingly back with her on-again-off-again boyfriend, basketball player Devin Booker. Kendall was also recently linked to Puerto Rican musician Bad Bunny.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kris Jenner hits out at 'cruel' haters and blasts she has a 'real problem' with bullies
While Kris and Corey attended AmfAR Palm Beach, a Dee Ocleppo Hilfiger and Dionne Warwick tribute that was hosted by the Foundation for AIDS Research, the mother of six spoke to PEOPLE about her and her two daughters possibly saying, "I do."
"All of us are having fun, and we have no marriage plans — yet,” Kris told the outlet.
Kim has been linked to Odell after they both attended the same Fourth of July party last summer. Neither the reality television star or the NFL athlete have confirmed the relationship, but since September, sources have been saying that the duo are romantically linked.
Kendall was first linked to Devin in April 2020 and the two went Instagram official in January 2021. She cheered her then-boyfriend on during the NBA finals later that year.
The model and Phoenix Sun player also attended events together like the wedding of Travis Barker and Kourtney Kardashian, Kendall's sister, in 2022. The two then reportedly split a month later.
Now Kendall and Devin are "figuring things out," according to a source who spoke to Entertainment Tonight. The couple "are actively speaking and seeing one another" as well.
Kendall's family also seemingly loves Devin for the 28-year-old. “They appreciate that he has always treated her with the utmost respect,” the source said.
The model broke things off with her boyfriend of less than a year, Bad Bunny, who's legal name is Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio. The two started dating in February of last year and broke up at the end of 2023.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.