By LILY JOBSON FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:34, 29 June 2024   |  Updated:  10:59, 29 June 2024   
 223
View  comments
Katie Price's Mucky Mansion has now got security guard protection, days after her £2million home was repossessed by court bailiffs.
The former glamour model, 46, was served an eviction notice for her mansion two months ago.
And while nobody is living in the pricey mansion, a security guard has been posted at the gates of her home.
Pictures taken outside her 11-bedroom pad in Horsham, West Sussex on Friday showed a man sitting at the entrance of the driveway.
Earlier this month, in an exclusive interview with MailOnline, Katie insisted it had been her decision to vacate the property, and that she had 'sorted' her financial issues after being declared bankrupt for a second time. 
Katie Price's Mucky Mansion has now got security guard protection, days after her £2million home was repossessed by court bailiffs
The 46-year-old former glamour model was served an eviction notice for her mansion two months ago
However last week pictures proved her legal and financial woes are far from over, as court bailiffs and bank officials were seen reclaiming the property. 
Katie - who has since moved into a smaller, rented home in a sleepy Sussex village - seemed unbothered by the development, however, as she revealed she was in Brussels having her 17th boob job. 
The mother-of-five, who previously shared her surgery plans with MailOnline, informed her 2.6 million Instagram followers that she was going under the knife again as she tagged herself at a cosmetic surgery clinic in Brussels. 
Alongside a snap in her clinic robe, she penned: 'Been coming here for years and is definitely the best boob surgeon. I recommend to anyone.' 
With another selfie, she added: 'First on the list.' 
In March, Katie was declared bankrupt for a second time after failing to pay over £750,000 in unpaid tax.
The former Page 3 girl failed to appear at a court hearing in London to explain why she has not paid any money to HMRC.
Katie was already being chased by creditors for a £3.2million payment over the failure of her company Jordan Trading Ltd. 
And while nobody is living in the pricey mansion, a security guard has been posted at the gates of her home
Pictures taken outside her 11-bedroom pad in Horsham, West Sussex on Friday showed a man sitting at the entrance of the driveway
Earlier this month, in an exclusive interview with MailOnline, Katie insisted it had been her decision to vacate the property, and that she had 'sorted' her financial issues after being declared bankrupt for a second time
In March, Katie was declared bankrupt for a second time after failing to pay over £750,000 in unpaid tax 
Creditors are owed the £3.2million from her company selling perfume and cosmetics.
MailOnline has contacted Katie's representatives for comment.  
Last month, the TV personality vacated her sprawling mansion and moved to a new four-bedroom home after being issued with an eviction notice. 
Yet Katie insisted that it had been her choice and that moving into the rented accommodation marked a new chapter in her life. 
She told MailOnline: 'I've been wanting to get out of my old house for absolute years. It's been nothing but hell in there. I've not had any luck in that house, ever!' 
Katie continued: 'I hate that house. Whoever buys it, I warn them, they will get bad luck there. 
'It is absolute cursed. My anxiety got worse with that house. There was a point when I couldn't even walk up the driveaway without having a panic attack. 
'I had therapy about the house. I should never have gone back there. Now I'm out of it it's the best thing I've ever done.' 
While her house was repossessed, the mother-of-five, who previously revealed her surgery plans to MailOnline, informed her followers that she was busy going under the knife again
However, MailOnline learned that Katie had racked up so many loans against the property that she may even be in negative equity - meaning she could owe more on the property than it is worth. 
An expert who examined the deeds to the 19-room Sussex mega house explained: 'Her finances are as much of a mess as her house itself - she has negligible equity at best and may even still owe money on the house even after selling it. It's a real disaster.'
Land Registry records seen by MailOnline confirm the cash-strapped glamour model turned TV celebrity and author apparently has little or no equity in her run-down country home. 
Katie has two outstanding mortgages on the property, meaning that any proceeds from a sale must go to pay her lenders first.
Paperwork also suggests that the size of the two outstanding loans might not even cover the current value of her three-storey house which she bought for £1.35m in October 2014.
It acquired the nickname Mucky Mansion after it was regularly seen with piles of rubbish inside and out.
Property website Zoopla suggests the property might now be worth between £1.1m and £1.6m while Rightmove believes it could fetch a middle value of only £1,025,000.
A property lawyer told MailOnline: 'This is a very unusual situation, and I have never seen it before in relation to a freehold property.
'I can only assume that the Trustee in her Bankruptcy believed at the time that she did not have any realisable assets in the property which were worth pursuing.
'As she has just been made bankrupt again, I can't imagine that the situation has changed to any great extent.'
Over the years, the glamour model has undergone an array of procedures, including rhinoplasty, a silhouette facelift , 3D, veneers, lip fillers and Botox  
Katie is now unrecognsiable from the fresh-faced teen that burst into the limelight in the Nineties (right, in 1995) 
Many wondered if her eldest daughter Princess, 16, would follow in her mother's footsteps and go under the knife. Yet this isn't the case, Katie has insisted
Last month, Katie shared pictures of two men she feared were trying to break into her Mucky Mansion - just days after she was forced to call police over another gang of strangers outside her home.
Katie posted alarming doorbell footage on Instagram of an intruder approaching the front door before walking away.
She followed it up with a picture of him and a second man as well as a photo of a white Ford they had parked on her driveway.
Sussex Police told MailOnline it had received a report of 'suspicious behavior involving a possible break-in' at around 9pm. The two men were searched and given 'words of advice' before being released after no items were found, police said.
It marked the latest incident to take place at the Mucky Mansion, which became the subject of a Channel 4 documentary when she attempted to install life back into the property for the last time.
Katie also revealed how someone had snuck into her property in the middle of the night and splashed a corrosive substance over the Range Rover which had some of its pink paint stripped off.
She explained: 'There is 24 hour security now at the property for protection.'
Katie is hoping her new family home, which includes a double garage and open-plan kitchen, will be a safe haven for her brood.
However, after checking out her new property, confused fans queried how she has been able to afford the £4,995 monthly payment amid her financial issues.
During her chat with MailOnline, Katie hit out at scrutiny over her finances, insisting: 'I'm sick to death of dealing with this bankruptcy story. I've sorted it out.
'It happened when I had a breakdown and anyone  can go through bankruptcy but the papers are so obsessed with it. 
'It's nothing to be ashamed of. I earn well. I earn good money. I've sorted my situation out and it is what it is. Now I'm on the up.' 
The repossession is the latest incident to take place at the Mucky Mansion, which became the subject of a Channel 4 documentary when she attempted to install life back into the property
Katie also opened up about her surgery plans as she revealed her mission to become a human 'Bratz doll.'
She announced that her 17th boob job and sixth face lift will take place 'in the next few months', saying: 'I'm just trying to find time to do it. 
'I will never stop with this surgery... I want to be a Bratz doll.' 
Over the years, the glamour model has undergone an array of procedures, including rhinoplasty, a silhouette facelift, 3D, veneers, lip fillers and Botox. 
Hitting back at critics, she continued: 'It's my body and I do what I want to do. That's how it should be, our body, your choice. The difference is I talk about it. There's a lot of people out there who hide [what they've had done].' 
Katie added that even her beloved mum Amy hasn't been able to sway her, admitting: 'My mum says, "you're ridiculous, blah, blah, blah, getting tattoos, doing surgery."
'I'm like, "yes, mum. I'm the middle child. You've got to have one child that doesn't do everything  conventional!" I am me, and I'll always do it.' 
Katie went on: 'The boobs will always be there. The surgery's always going to be there but I have got all these sides. 
'I'm a mum, but then I love getting my kit off for the OnlyFans!' 
Katie has son Harvey, 22, with Dwight Yorke, son Junior, 18, and daughter Princess, 16, with first husband Peter Andre, 51, and son Jett, 10 and Bunny, nine with her third husband, Kieran Hayler. 
Many wondered if her eldest daughter Princess would follow in her mother's footsteps and go under the knife. Yet this isn't the case, Katie has insisted. 
'Princess knows she's beautiful,' Katie assured. 'She doesn't need anything doing and I think I've put her off surgery for life, which is a good thing! 
'When you have surgery, people see the before and after pictures and they don't get to see what happens in between, but Princess has seen.'
Earlier this month, Katie told MailOnline that she is training to become a life coach and has enlisted the help of The Psychopath Life Coach, Lewis Raymond Taylor (pictured) 
Elsewhere in the chat, Katie told MailOnline that she is training to become a life coach and has enlisted the help of The Psychopath Life Coach, Lewis Raymond Taylor. 
The glamour model wants to move forward from the trauma of her past - and of that there has been plenty. 
Katie has been subject to rehab stints, financial woes, prison threats and even attempted kidnappings, all documented in her seven biographies and in the papers, not to mention the numerous boob jobs, face lifts and tweakments.
As for the 'Psychopath Life Coach' Lewis, 34, he has a history of violence, drug addiction and prison stints. 
However, as Lewis pointed out, this is exactly what makes them the perfect candidates for life coaching. 
Lewis explained: 'I think a lot of people are going to be laughing and joking and saying, "how can a psychopath be a life coach?  How can Katie Price be a life coach when she's put herself in this situation and that situation?"
'But you've got to think Katie's been in the industry for decades, still inspiring people and still has millions of followers. It takes a lot of resilience to be able to do that. 
'There will be a lot of people that have a lot of negative things to say, but there'll also be a lot of people that have been inspired and empowered by Katie for decades now. 
'She will make a very big difference to a lot of people because they will resonate and connect with her in a way that they won't resonate and connect with anybody else.
'So watch out, Katie Price is here to make a difference.'
The pair are so hellbent on proving their doubters wrong that they are filming a TV show about their life coaching journey in Bali this year.  
2019 - Katie was declared bankrupt with debts of £3.2m from her failed company Jordan Trading Ltd, that was set up to oversee her perfume and cosmetics line.
She set up the company in 2003 but in 2017 an application was put in to wind up the company as she tried to sort out her finances.
When she was declared bankrupt she vowed to pay back £12,000 a month to creditors of the firm through an individual voluntary arrangement.
The bankruptcy meant Katie, once worth a reported £45million, faced losing her £2million 11-bedroom mansion.
She took out a second mortgage on the property in 2015, but faced monthly payments of £12,300.
2022 - The former model had been due to attend the Royal Court of Justice to explain to a judge why she has failed to repay millions owed to creditors.
However, the hearing was adjourned at the last minute with her solicitors giving no reason for Katie's no show before the court.
March 2024 - She was again declared bankrupt over an unpaid tax bill of £761,994.05. The demand for payment was made by HMRC in October 2023.
A court was told the bill 'derives from self-assessments' for 2020-2021 and 2021-22 and includes income VAT, tax, surcharges and interest.
Insolvency and Companies Court Judge Sebastian Prentis told the hearing at London's Rolls Building: 'There has been no response from the debtor. The papers are in order.
'There is a substantial debt due from Ms Price to HMRC and therefore I will make a bankruptcy order.'
May 2024 - Katie is evicted from her home after being served with a notice and given weeks to leave. She is told bailiffs will arrive at 10am on 29 May to ensure she and any other occupants have vacated the property.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group