It's about to get muy caliente aqui! 
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
What should I wear to a Bad Bunny concert? The question has loomed large in my mind lately—even though I, like many, have yet to secure tickets to Bad Bunny's Most Wanted Tour that runs from February 21 through May 26. If the Renaissance and Eras Tours proved anything, it's that concert outfits are of the *utmost* importance—especially when the headliner is a Grammy-winning, Coachella-headlining, record-setting fashion icon who is rumored to be single again.  
So, to help my fellow Conejos finalize their Bad Bunny concert outfits, I've thoroughly style-stalked Benito (and his exes), analyzed every dirty lyric on his latest album, Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana, and consulted with music journalists and obsessive Bad Bunny fans about what they'll be wearing to the Most Wanted Tour. The consensus? The ideal Bad Bunny concert outfit is something that makes you feel the hottest you've ever felt in your life.
Consider the outfit ideas below Un Preview of the looks you'll see when Bad Bunny's Most Wanted Tour hits your city. 
All of the ~experts~ that I crowdsourced Bad Bunny concert outfit ideas from agreed that the crowd at the Most Wanted Tour is going to be hot (descriptors like "horny," "feral" and "actively looking for a hook-up" were also used). So, whether you're partying in the nosebleeds or dirty dancing in the floor section, your outfit should say, as Bad Bunny does in Fina, "Me gustan las suciería', baby, how bout you?"
Sexiness aside, practicality and comfort should still come first. As Tess Garcia, a freelance journalist who regularly films Bad Bunny TikTok vids, put it, "You need to be capable of all the ass-shaking in the world." Stick to stretchy fabrics and avoid finicky, high-maintenance pieces that could lead to a wardrobe malfunction. The last thing you want is to spend your night thinking about a nip slip, so give your outfit a quick test before you leave home to ensure it's fully ready for the dance floor.
In addition to official Bad Bunny merch from his El Último Tour del Mundo and World's Hottest tours, there will be plenty of Bad Bunny-coded hearts and bunnies throughout the crowd. Save the bunny ears for your Halloween costume and accessorize with a bunny necklace or heart-shaped bag that's less cliché (and that you can wear year-round). 
Pro tip: Unlike most artists, Bad Bunny's officially licensed merch can be hard to find, so be wary when purchasing tees and hoodies from sites claiming to be his "official" shop. Save your money and buy Most Wanted tour merchandise at the concert itself. 
There's no better source of concert outfit inspiration than Bad Bunny himself. From his backless Jacquemus suit at the Met Gala to his backward Dodgers hat at the 2023 Grammys, the man is a certified trendsetter.
Though Bad Bunny's Adidas sneaker collabs have long gone out of stock, you can still snag the same Response CL and Campus silhouettes he redesigned in similar colorways. Styled with his signature dad jeans and a sexy top, these retro sneaker styles make for a fashion statement and a practical footwear choice. 
Statement accessories are a cornerstone of Bad Bunny's style, making them an important part of any concert outfit. Whether it's colorful hair beads, layered pearl necklaces, a bucket hat, or colored glasses, Benito's favorite accessories will jazz up any LBD or going-out top in your current wardrobe. That said, Garcia advises against accessorizing with the headscarves and balaclavas that Bad Bunny has worn recently. "Though it may seem like a good idea at first, the execution isn't worth it," Garcia explains, especially once temperatures start to rise inside the venue.
While the exact items he wears will cost you a small fortune—like the $700 Maison Margiela x Gentle Monster sunglasses from the Where She Goes vid—you can find similar statement glasses and accessories on Amazon for a fraction of the price. 
The visuals for Bad Bunny's latest album, Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana, draw clear inspiration from cowboy culture—but you can expect the Western-inspired outfits at the Most Wanted Tour to be far more conventional than the glitzy space cowgirls seen at Beyoncé's Renaissance Tour. Drawing inspiration from old-school vaqueros and the Where She Goes and Un Preview music videos, many fans will be wearing worn-out denim, Western-themed graphic tees, fringe-trim accessories, and grungy cowboy boots. You'll also, without a doubt, see some embellished cowboy hats in the crowd.
Consider your Bad Bunny concert outfit the perfect excuse to splurge on that designer item you've been eyeing. Who better to debut it for than Bad Bunny himself? While the 'No 🍆, no Prada' line in Gracias Por Nada has gotta be the best fashion reference on Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana, he also name-drops Givenchy, Gucci, Amiri, Tom Ford, and Louis Vuitton throughout the album.
Sarah Maberry is a fashion and luxury commerce editor at Hearst Magazines, where she covers fashion, beauty and pop culture. A seasoned trend forecaster and fashion historian, she analyzes viral products and trends on a deeper level, helping readers determine what's worth buying. When she’s not writing for ELLE, Harper’s BAZAAR, Town & Country, Esquire, Cosmopolitan and other publications, she can be found roaming the Museum at FIT (her alma matter) or sewing her own couture while she binge-watches reality TV.
 
Behold: The Duffel That Answered All My Prayers
Work Backpacks That Don’t Scream ‘Corporate Drone'
I Have Wide Feet, These Are the Sneakers I Live in
Wait—Meghan Markle’s Cutout Sneakers Are on Amazon
These Summer Dresses From Amazon Are Next Level
My Booty Worships These Butt-Lifting Leggings
I Tried Quince's Lounge Sets and I Need More ASAP
The Fall 2025 Jewelry Trends? So Freaking Stunning
My Search for the Perfect Black Mini Skirt 
These Top-Rated Amazon Swimsuits? Immediate Yes
What to Wear to Beyoncé’s 'Cowboy Carter' Tour
Bag Trends We’re Going To See Everywhere This Fall
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.