By Author Simon Delott


Published: Nov 07, 2024 at 12:34 PM • Category Kendall Jenner 

Reading Time:  4 minutes 
Is Kendall Jenner pregnant?
This question and related speculation has cropped up over the years. Particularly amidst her relationship with Bad Bunny.
Since Kylie and Khloe and Rob became parents in short order, fans have wondered when the last childfree sibling will churn out a grandbaby for Kris Jenner.
Kendall has actually addressed this — more than once. Take a look:
In general, we don’t tend to think of the Kardashian family as particularly “relatable.” It’s not just that they’re all rich and famous. They were born into monumental wealth.
However, to a limited extent, Kendall Jenner is more relatable to many of her fellow Millennials than many of her siblings.
It’s not that everyone relates because she’s a supermodel. But Kendall has debilitating anxiety and is the only one of her Kar-Jenner siblings to remain blissfully childfree. But maybe that’s about to change?
For Kendall Jenner’s July/July 2024 Vogue cover story, she addressed her childfree status.
“When I was young, I used to say that by 27 I’d love to have kids,” she remarked. Anecdotally, 27 seems to have been a common “having kids” age goal for Millennials when they were younger. 
Kendall recently celebrated her 29th birthday.
“Now I’m past that and I feel like I’m still so young,” Kendall said accurately. “I’m enjoying my kidless freedom.”
In early December of 2023, Kendall Jenner took to Instagram to share a series of photos.
The pics show her with wine, including holding a wineglass. Her caption reads: “me and my wine again.”
Alcohol consumption during pregnancy can cause dire consequences, including Fetal Alcohol Syndrome. Kylie faking taking a shot was one of the first public hints of her second pregnancy. 
In other words, Kendall was dispelling pregnancy rumors.
In 2023, on Season 4 of The Kardashians, a producer playfully asked Kendall how her “pregnancy” was going.
Kendall was not pregnant. That was the joke. It was nice to hear Kendall get to discuss something other than her anxiety, however.
During Season 2 of Hulu’s The Kardashians, Kris strongly encouraged Kendall to at least freeze her eggs. To a pushy degree.
After Kris’ “encouragement,” Kendall addressed her mother’s enduring grandbaby fever with a very mature, reasonable statement to the confessional camera.
“I still have a lot to figure out before I can welcome a child into my life,” Kendall reasoned. 
“I’m still enjoying life on my own,” she affirmed. “And I’m okay with that right now.” Good for her!
As for Kendall’s love life, she’s keeping a tight lid on things at the moment.
She recently went on vacation with Bad Bunny, prompting speculation that the two had rekindled their romance following a rumored breakup.
Shortly thereafter, Kendall was spotted looking cozy with Joe Alwyn, leading fans to conclude that she might be dating Taylor Swift’s former fiance.
As usual, Kendall is keeping the truth to herself.
“Although I love my entire family — I love my nieces and nephews — this is definitely a massive birth control moment for me,” Kendall shared on The Kardashians Season 2, which aired late in the summer of 2022. 
She explained: “Just because it is a lot.” Kendall was specifically referring to Kylie’s second pregnancy.
It is often eldest siblings who first realize that parenting is a tremendous, life-altering responsibility. 
Kendall has the clarity to see this even as one of the family’s youngest. This has allowed her to make careful, cautious decisions while living her best life. 
Kendall can always become pregnant when she’s good and ready, if such a time arrives.
Jimmy Kimmel Cries Discussing Donald Trump Victory, America’s Defeat
Sylvester Stallone Sends Special Gift for Kourtney’s Son Rocky: Photo