Call it “Barbenheimer” Round 2.
Last summer, Greta Gerwig’s “Barbie” handily won its high-profile summertime faceoff with Christopher Nolan’s “Oppenheimer,” taking home $1.45 billion in worldwide box office, compared with a measly $957 million for Nolan’s film.
This Sunday, the two biggest films of 2023 will square off one last time at the 96th annual Academy Awards — and you can bet your Malibu Dreamhouse that the results will be different this time.
“Oppenheimer,” it turns out, is not a film to be toyed with.
In the past few weeks, it has swept nearly all the Oscar precursors, winning the top prize of groups including the Producers Guild, Directors Guild, Critics’ Choice Awards, BAFTAs and SAGs, among others.
With that, the question isn’t if “Oppenheimer” will win the best picture Oscar on Sunday. It will be how many other awards it will take home.
And while it won’t likely match Oscar’s all-time high-water mark of 11 wins by a single film — a record shared by 1959’s “Ben-Hur,” 1997’s “Titanic” and 2003’s “The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King” — it is in prime position to bring home some serious hardware.
So, just in time for the big show, here are my best bets in each of the Academy’s 23 categories, all informed by industry buzz, hours of screenings and a little popcorn-fueled gut instinct. Consider it your “Barbenheimer 2” cheat sheet.
Just remember to thank me in your acceptance speech should you win your office Oscar pool.
And the winners will be …
This image released by Universal Pictures shows Robert Downey Jr as Lewis Strauss, left, and Matthew Modine as Vannevar Bush in a scene from "Oppenheimer." (Universal Pictures via AP) ORG XMIT: NYET714
The nominees: “American Fiction,” “Anatomy of a Fall,” “Barbie,” “The Holdovers,” “Killers of the Flower Moon,” “Maestro,” “Oppenheimer,” “Past Lives,” “Poor Things,” “The Zone of Interest.”
What will win: “Oppenheimer.” As I wrote in my year-end top 10 list, and with all due respect to Martin Scorsese’s “Killers of the Flower Moon” and Yorgos Lanthimos’ “Poor Things,” Nolan’s latest masterpiece was hands-down the most complete film of the year, full stop. “Barbie” was the film of the summer, but “Oppenheimer” is easily the film of the year.
What should win: “Oppenheimer.”
This image released by Focus Features shows Paul Giamatti in a scene from "The Holdovers." (Focus Features via AP) ORG XMIT: NYET107
The nominees: Bradley Cooper, “Maestro”; Colman Domingo, “Rustin”; Paul Giamatti, “The Holdovers”; Cillian Murphy, “Oppenheimer”; Jeffrey Wright, “American Fiction.”
Who will win: Murphy. It’s funny. Normally, the acting races are mostly easy to pick, given the quantity of pre-Oscar awards offering a peek into the industry’s hive mind. This year, not so much, as Murphy is locked in a two-way race with Giamatti for the ultimate prize.
When all is said and done, Murphy — who has been doing fine work for a while now — will likely be rewarded for delivering a smart, finely tuned performance in the year’s best film.
Who should win: Giamatti, and not just because the Academy owes him one for that 2004 snubbing of his turn in “Sideways.” And also not just because he always, unfailingly knocks it out of the park, no matter the role. Rather, Giamatti deserves this year’s Oscar because his performance in “The Holdovers” was such a sweetly enjoyable blend of heart, soul, humor and cantankerousness.
PHOTO PROVIDED BY PARAMOUNT/APPLE
Martin Scorsese directs Lily Gladstone and Leonardo DiCaprio in ‘Killers of the Flower Moon,’ an 1920s crime drama based on a true story and set the Oklahoma’s Osage Nation.
The nominees: Annette Bening, “Nyad”; Lily Gladstone, “Killers of the Flower Moon”; Sandra Hüller, “Anatomy of a Fall”; Carey Mulligan, “Maestro”; Emma Stone, “Poor Things.”
Who will win: Gladstone, who can be expected to squeak out a win over Stone in another neck-and-neck race. Should Gladstone prevail, she will notably make history as the first Indigenous actor to win an Oscar.
Who should win: Stone. While it’s hard to argue against Gladstone, it isn’t quite as difficult to argue that she belongs in the supporting actress category, given that she appears in only a third of Scorsese’s film. Stone, on the other hand, is in nearly every frame of “Poor Things.” What’s more, she delivered with a virtuosic, go-for-broke performance for which she will long be remembered, Oscar or not.
Jeffrey Wright stars as Thelonious 'Monk' Ellison in writer/director Cord Jefferson’s 'American Fiction.'  
The nominees: Sterling K. Brown, “American Fiction”; Robert De Niro, “Killers of the Flower Moon”; Robert Downey Jr., “Oppenheimer”; Ryan Gosling, “Barbie”; Mark Ruffalo, “Poor Things.”
Who will win: Downey. In a category populated by worthy nominees but none that really stand out as impossible to ignore, the Hollywood survivor stands to benefit. Expect him to take home the Oscar as much for his “Oppenheimer” performance as for his lifetime body of work.
Who should win: Brown, who turned in a deftly balanced performance that was at once hilarious yet heartbreaking.
The nominees: Emily Blunt, “Oppenheimer”; Danielle Brooks, “The Color Purple”; America Ferrera, “Barbie”; Jodie Foster, “Nyad”; Da'Vine Joy Randolph, “The Holdovers.”
Who will win: Randolph, in the closest thing to a lock as any Oscar race ever gets.
Who should win: Randolph.
Christopher Nolan, center, director of the film "Oppenheimer," holds his DGA Award for Theatrical Feature Film alongside presenters Daniel Kwan, left, and Daniel Scheinert backstage at the 76th DGA Awards, Saturday, Feb. 10, 2024, in Beverly Hills, Calif. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello) ORG XMIT: CACP689
The nominees: Jonathan Glazer, “The Zone of Interest”; Yorgos Lanthimos, “Poor Things”; Christopher Nolan, “Oppenheimer”; Martin Scorsese, “Killers of the Flower Moon”; Justine Triet, “Anatomy of a Fall.”
Who will win: Nolan. He’s among the greatest filmmakers of his generation — and yet he hasn’t won an Oscar despite being nominated twice previously for screenwriting (“Memento” and “Inception”) and once for directing (“Dunkirk”). On Sunday, the Academy can be counted on to remedy that.
Who should win: Nolan.
Emma Stone plays Bella Baxter, a young woman given a second chance at life in director Yorgos Lanthimos’ ‘Poor Things.’
International feature film: “The Zone of Interest,” and you can take that to the bank.
Animated feature film: “Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse,” but keep an eye on Hayo Miyazaki’s “Boy and the Heron” as a dark-horse candidate.
Adapted screenplay: “American Fiction,” which Oscar voters will likely be eager to recognize in some form or fashion.
Original screenplay: “Anatomy of a Fall,” another film for which voters will want to show some love.
Visual effects: “Godzilla Minus One,” as the king of the monsters stomps the competition.
Original score: “Oppenheimer,” although sentimental favorite “Killers of the Flower Moon” could surprise.
Original song: “What Was I Made For,” by Billie Eilish and Finneas O’Connell, from “Barbie.”
Documentary feature film: “20 Days in Mariupol,” one of the most searing films of the year.
Cinematography: “Oppenheimer,” and it isn’t even close.
Costume design: “Barbie,” in a close contest with “Poor Things.”
Film editing: “Oppenheimer," again.
Sound: “Oppenheimer,” yet again.
Production design: “Poor Things,” in a slight upset over the equally deserving “Barbie.”
Makeup and hairstyling: “Maestro,” but you might keep an eye on that sneaky “Poor Things” in this category, too.
Animated short film: “Letter to a Pig,” although this Beatles fan will be quietly rooting for “WAR IS OVER! Inspired by the music of John and Yoko.”
Live action short film: “The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar,” delivering the deserving Wes Anderson his first Oscar.
Documentary short film: “The ABCs of Book Banning,” which is both effective and timely.
*****************
96th ANNUAL ACADEMY AWARDS
WHAT: Jimmy Kimmel hosts the mother of annual award shows, originating live from the Dolby Theater in Hollywood and featuring a performance by New Orleans’ Jon Batiste, among others.
WHEN: Live telecast begins at 6 p.m. Sunday (March 10), with red-carpet coverage beginning at 5:30 p.m.
WHERE: Airs locally on WGNO-Ch. 26; streaming via ABC.com and the ABC app.
WHO: Announced presenters include Mahershala Ali, Bad Bunny, Nicolas Cage, Jamie Lee Curtis, Brendan Fraser, Chris Hemsworth, Michael Keaton, Regina King, Jessica Lange, Jennifer Lawrence, Matthew McConaughey, Kate McKinnon, Rita Moreno, John Mulaney, Lupita Nyong'o, Catherine O'Hara, Al Pacino, Michelle Pfeiffer, Ke Huy Quan, Sam Rockwell, Octavia Spencer, Michelle Yeoh, Ramy Youssef and Zendaya.
96th ANNUAL ACADEMY AWARDS
WHAT: Jimmy Kimmel hosts the mother of annual award shows, originating live from the Dolby Theater in Hollywood and featuring a performance by New Orleans’ Jon Batiste, among others.
WHEN: Live telecast begins at 6 p.m. Sunday (March 10), with red-carpet coverage beginning at 5:30 p.m.
WHERE: Airs locally on WGNO-Ch. 26; streaming via ABC.com and the ABC app.
WHO: Announced presenters include Mahershala Ali, Bad Bunny, Nicolas Cage, Jamie Lee Curtis, Brendan Fraser, Chris Hemsworth, Michael Keaton, Regina King, Jessica Lange, Jennifer Lawrence, Matthew McConaughey, Kate McKinnon, Rita Moreno, John Mulaney, Lupita Nyong'o, Catherine O'Hara, Al Pacino, Michelle Pfeiffer, Ke Huy Quan, Sam Rockwell, Octavia Spencer, Michelle Yeoh, Ramy Youssef and Zendaya.
Whenever a major film production shoots in Louisiana, it’s a bonanza for local actors in front of the cameras, as well as technical folks behi…
News Tips:nolanewstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: