e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
On a cold, windy, snowy day, organ music reminiscent of Coney Island amusement parks in the early 20th century breached the front door as I opened it. The bottom of the door scraped away the snow that had built up on the front porch. It was a brutal day outside, but happiness was palpable inside this small building.
A smile crossed my face as I thought about the warm summer days on the boardwalk at the Jersey Shore near where I grew up in New Jersey. How long had it been since I rode a carousel? A quick text to my mom revealed what I had suspected — it had been nearly four decades since I rode a carved animal that carried me up and down as the carousel spun.
That emotion, the memory recall and almost tangible reaction are exactly why the Carousel of Happiness has the name it does.
Located in downtown Nederland, along Colorado Highway 119, the Carousel of Happiness is the vision and perseverance of Scott Harrison.
A Vietnam War veteran, Harrison listened to Chopin’s “Tristesse” on a simple music box while in Vietnam. That little music box, which helped Harrison mentally escape the dark, difficult days of the war, gave him a vision of children riding a carousel in a mountain meadow.
After an injury led to his departure from Vietnam, Harrison returned to the U.S. and eventually settled in Nederland in 1983.
Two years later, he started carving animals to escape the mental trauma that continued to haunt him from his years in Vietnam. The bunny that sits on the front sign on the main road was that first animal Harrison carved for the carousel, launching the plan that would bring the amusement to life.
For the next 26 years, Harrison worked on creating unique, whimsical animals.
“Each animal has a different significance,” said Rebecca, an operator of the carousel for more than five years. “The fish painted on the floor were by a talented 14-year-old girl. The yin-yang on the bench with the bear symbolizes the different sides of a bear — aggressive yet gentle, good mothers. The antlers on the moose and deer are real, just painted.”
There are 34 different and unique animals on the carousel that visitors can ride with dozens of other animals throughout the building. The animals on the carousel include a cow, zebra, horse, frog, kangaroo, Saint Bernard, camel and many others. Take a peek down on the carousel from the viewing area on the second floor and other carvings, like red fox, frogs and angels, become visible.
“I love the cheetah,” said Kristina, an employee who greets visitors at the front desk, as she climbs onto the seat on the cheetah’s back for her daily ride. “It may not be my favorite, but I love it for the energy.”
But it took more than carving the dozens of animals to make the carousel a reality.
The story actually starts decades before Harrison was even born with a carousel built around 1910 by the major producer of carousels at the turn of the century, Charles Looff.
Built for Saltair Park, an amusement park on the piers in the Great Salt Lake in Utah, it remained there, surviving three fires before a windstorm in 1957 caused a nearby rollercoaster to fall on it.
The park went bankrupt the following year, and the carousel was dismantled, being put into storage until 1960. At that time, the carousel moved to Utah State Development School at American Fork, an institution for people with developmental disabilities.
Again, the carousel fell victim to nature when lightning struck it, charring some of the structure.
In 1986, Charlotte Dinger, a collector and dealer of carousel figures, bought the carousel and sold off the remaining animals.
It was at this time that Harrison bought the remains of the carousel, including the 1910 mechanism that runs it, for the forthcoming ride in Nederland that would be fitted with his own unique and custom menagerie of animals.
Harrison also had to find a location for his carousel, build a structure to house it, redecorate the carousel as all of the original mirrors and art panels had been stripped off over the years, and find a music source.
All came together with donations — labor, supplies and money — from the local community. The land was offered with a 30-year lease for one dollar a month from a local landowner. Oval paintings for the inside were donated from another carousel owner. A local artist painted two additional panels to complete the 18 sections. Harrison purchased the 1913 Wurlitzer Band Organ, originally made for carousels and skating rinks, in 1992 with donated funds. Lighthouse Solar in Boulder donated the solar panels that run the facility. The National Energy Development Renewable Energy Project donated 400 LED lights. And the community of Nederland provided the labor to build the Carousel of Happiness structure.
A community spirit built a unique merry-go-round reminiscent of those from the heyday of carousel rides in the early 1900s. The American Carousel Society estimates there were nearly 6,000 carousels in the U.S. at that time. Today, only 133 remain. The Carousel of Happiness in a small town along the Front Range of Colorado is one of those few.
Harrison, who continues to carve and live in Nederland, also created The Wall to Somewhere Else at the Carousel of Happiness. On this section of the dodecahedron, or 12-sided, building, a polar bear raises her cub to outstretched bear paws, a dog appears to pass through the wall and a giraffe stretches its neck to look out the window.
“It is like a portal to somewhere else,” said Kristina. “It is like being transported to someplace else when you are in a bad situation. It is also a great way to explain death to a child.”
That type of connection to turning tough situations into positive, happy memories can be felt throughout the building. And just like Harrison turned to woodcarving to overcome his dark wartime memories and made his vision a reality, the Carousel of Happiness does that for many visitors.
As I read the captions for the numerous photos on the walls about the carousel’s history, an alarm went off. It was the watch of one of the riders.
“Oh, that is the alarm to tell us to stop skiing,” said the father of two from Castle Rock, who were riding the carousel after skiing at Eldora Mountain Resort. “I set an alarm to remind us to finish skiing in time so we can ride the carousel. We come by every time we ski at Eldora.”
They weren’t the only family stopping in decked out in ski clothes.
“The carousel is one of the most inexpensive places to bring kids,” said Kristina. “People usually spend a couple of hours. It is a good time for families, and it brings so much joy. We have as many if not more adults visit and ride the carousel.”
The Carousel of Happiness is located at 20 Lakeview Drive in downtown Nederland. Winter hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday, Saturday and Sunday and 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Monday and Thursday. The Carousel of Happiness is closed on Tuesday and Wednesday. Summer hours start Memorial Day Weekend. Tickets are $3 per ride or $25 for a 10-ride punch card.
For more information, visit https://carouselofhappiness.org/.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group