Christian Tafdrup’s 2022 Danish horror film was potent enough that it led to this Blumhouse remake just two years later. James McAvoy, Mackenzie Davis and Aisling Franciosi star in a thriller about how much can go wrong on a idyllic countryside vacation. (Sept. 13, in theaters)
“Wicked” may make it seem OK to journey to unknown places. But “Speak No Evil” will pull you back quickly and remind you there’s no place like home.
While on vacation in Italy, the Dalton family members meet a gregarious couple from Great Britain, have a couple of outings with them, then get an invitation. Because Ben Dalton (Scoot McNairy) has had some bad luck in business, he thinks the trip might do them some good. Wife Louise (Mackenzie Davis) isn’t so sure. They take daughter Agnes (Alix West Lefler) to the estate and, immediately, begin to feel the vibes.
Paddy (James McAvoy) toys with the truth repeatedly; wife Ciara (Aisling Franciosi) often seems like an unwilling accomplice. Their son, Ant (Dan Hough), is missing part of his tongue, so he can’t weigh in.
The home is almost impossible to find, its amenities are less than ideal, and Paddy is determined to force his tastes on the others, even though he senses they’re not all that comfortable.
Directed by James Watkins, “Speak No Evil” is based on a Danish original. If that had as many red flags as this, it wouldn’t have prompted any remakes.
Repeatedly, the Daltons sense they need to leave. Repeatedly, Paddy finds a way to bring them back. When the “stay” becomes a cat-and-mouse chase, it’s clear how tainted this place is.
Luckily, Ant takes Agnes on a fact-finding mission and shows her the home’s past and the owners’ game plan.
McAvoy leans into his evil side (looking a bit Rambo-ish at one point) and isn’t hesitant to scare anyone. Davis is good at confronting him, but she doesn’t get any support from Ciara or her husband.
That creates an awkward atmosphere and almost requires a late-night escape. Agnes’ stuffed rabbit, however, pulls them back into the crucible. (Second lesson: Don’t go back for the bunny.)
Like “Midsommar,” “Speak No Evil” thrives on its visitors’ lack of knowledge. (Had they known what they were getting into, they never would have taken the trip.)
Watkins gives them several outs but pulls them back, sometimes for no good reason. That makes “Speak No Evil” a frustrating exercise, particularly since the Daltons owe their hosts nothing. By the time all hell has broken loose (and the visitors start resorting to desperate measures), we’re reaching for the theater door.
“Speak No Evil” isn’t tricky or even well-plotted. It’s simply a horror film with clunky “opportunities” that add up to nothing. Only the kid without the tongue has the right idea and he’s not saying anything.
 Bruce Miller is editor of the Sioux City Journal. 
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Between Thanksgiving and Christmas you’ll have ample opportunity to size up the year’s best pictures and get a peek at ones that could factor …
Movie critic Bruce Miller says "Speak No Evil" is visually messy and disjointed. It becomes one of those horror films that makes you want to s…
Focusing his attention on the oil business in west Texas, uber producer Taylor Sheridan has created a “Dallas” that tells more than J.R. Ewing…
Produced with attention to every detail, it should please fans who have been waiting decades for a film version.
PBS honors music legend Patsy Cline with a tribute show. Meanwhile, film fans will want to catch "Wicked" when it drops in theaters this weekend.
Based on a best-selling novel, “It Ends With Us” follows a free-spirited woman who opens a flower, befriends a neurosurgeon and seems to be he…
That writer/director M. Night Shyamalan created that original “a-ha” movie only serves to enhance the disappointment with this one.
The story – like most superhero outings – is full of nonsense. Deadpool digs up Wolverine and together they take on Cassandra Nova, the sister…
Blessed with old school technology and a series of unfortunate situations, “Romulus” pulls a working stiff, her android brother and their frie…
When it was originally announced, “The Critic” was called “Curtain Call” and that was a more fitting title. “The Critic” implies more than it offers.
Had it been any better, “Joker: Folie a Deux” might have been in the conversation for awards attention.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.