SHARE


It’s sad to witness anyone taking bad care of their pets, and that’s exactly what’s been going on with this 20-year-old girl’s 44-year-old mom.
She still lives at home, along with her mom and 12-year-old little brother. During her teen years, her mom kept on acquiring pets that she failed to take care of.
Her mom would grow tired of her animals, and then would resort to doing minimal things to properly provide for her pets.
She would only give her pets food and water; she would fail to clean out their cages or do anything else that entails being a good pet owner.
It fell on her to step up and help care for her mom’s animals, as it made her upset to see them living in a bad situation.
“We’ve had cats, axolotls, hamsters, guinea pigs, bunnies, and mice,” she explained.
One time, her mom began breeding bunnies, then got too tired of caring for all of them, and it was dumped on her to take care of their 40 bunnies.
Her mom then forgot to even feed or water the bunnies, so she had to step in, which left her with zero free time.
Their family just moved into a new house that’s tinier than their old one, and she was thrilled, as she knew there was no room for her mom to go out and get more pets.
Pixel-Shot – stock.adobe.com – illustrative purposes only, not the actual person or bunny
They already have two cats, two dogs (one is hers, one is her mom’s), and a snake, which is her pet.
“But then she decided to get mice for my little brother because he loves mice,” she said. “I begged her not to because he wouldn’t take care of them, and I don’t want to.”
“She promised me she would take care of them, but yet again, 2 months later, she stopped, so now I’m taking care of them. And now, just last month, she bought 2 bunnies without even telling me.”
“Today, I told her she needs to clean their cage because there is [a mess] everywhere, and it’s genuinely unsafe for them to live in because it’s so gross.”
Her mom got angry with her and snapped that she should clean the bunny cages since she lives in the home, which automatically means the bunnies are also her pets.
She told her mom no, and her mom called her “ungrateful” as well as “rude.” She’s left wondering if her mom is right and if it should be expected for her to pitch in with the pets.
What do you think?
You can read the original post on Reddit here.
Sign up for Chip Chick’s newsletter and get stories like this delivered to your inbox.
More About:Relationships