Doja Cat's glittery looks is going viral on TikTok. Here's what she used and where to buy it, plus beauty Ariana Grande, Sabrina Carpenter, Jennifer Lopez and other Met Gala beauty trends to shop.   

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Doja Cat made quite the statement at the 2024 Met Gala. The “Paint the Town” red rapper opted for a unique interpretation of the “Garden of Time” theme in a wet, oversized T-shirt with glittery tears, but it’s her makeup transformation that’s going viral on TikTok.

	Celebrity makeup artist, Pat McGrath, shared a video of the Doja’s glam on TikTok on Monday (May 6), and the video has already received 1 million likes. McGrath created Doja’s look using the Mothership V: Bronze Seduction eyeshadow palette from Pat McGrath Labs.

	










			Trending on Billboard		





DOJA CAT ⭐️⭐️⭐️ The absolutely DIVINE @Doja Cat in a TOTALE face of #PatMcGrathLabs featuring Mothership V: Bronze Seduction at the #MetGala2024 !! Are you OBSESSED !! ⭐️ Shop Doja’s look NOW on TikTok Shop #MetGala #SleepingBeauties #DojaCat 

	The palette features highly-pigmented mattes and metallics such as rose gold, astral luna gold, metallic bronze and aubergine. In the video, McGrath uses the palette on Doja’s eyes and to create the illusion of tears on her face.

	Monday’s Met Gala was a star-studded event attended by stars in music, movies, TV and sports  Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny, Doja Cat, Ariana Grande, Nicki Minaj, Doja Cat, BLACKPINK’s Jennie, Sabrina Carpenter, Lil Nas X, Shakira, Karol G, Queen Latifah, Kelsea Ballerini, Janelle Monáe, Lana Del Rey, Cardi B, Demi Lovato and tons of other celebrities, raised over $26 million for the Met’s Costume Institute.  

	Pat McGrath Labs ruled the glam on the Met Gala carpet — from Doja Cat to Bad Bunny and Tyla, and serving as the inspiration for Zendaya’s gorgeously gothic burgundy eyeshadow and vampy lip, but it’s not the only beauty brand that helped the stars shine at the Met Gala.

	Ariana Grande graced the red carpet wearing makeup from her r.e.m. beauty line. The “yes, and?” singer wore Sweetener Foundation and concealer (in ‘light 8 nw’), Interseller Highlighter and r.e.m. beauty Dream Lashes. 

	MET Gala co-chair Jennifer Lopez looked radiant in a figure-hugging, Schiaparelli Haute Couture gown adorned with crystals. 

	Lopez’s skin was prepped with J.Lo Beauty’s That Hit Single Gel Cream Cleanser, That Blockbuster Hydrating Cream + Complexion Booster in Warm Bronze, and That Fresh Take Eye Cream Complexion Booster in Pink Champaign.  

	










	Sabrina Carpenter’s Chanel glam perfectly accented her custom, Oscar de la Renta gown. Celebrity facialist, Iván Pole, shared the “Espresso” singer’s luxury beauty rundown on Instagram, which included N°1 DE CHANEL Eye Cream, Chanel’s L’eau Micellaire Anti-Pollution Cleansing Water, SUBLIMAGE La Crème and Sublimage Le Soin Perfecteur 3-in-1 Moisturizer. 

	Over the weekend, Pole performed pre-Met Gala facials on Carpenter and other celebrities using the Qure Skincare LED mask ($350).

	Lea Michele brought the perfect plus one to the Met Gala. The former Glee star cradled her baby bump in a lovely turquoise gown, but her beauty prep started well before the big night. Over the weekend, Michele had her skin prepped by celebrity esthetician Shani Darden who hosted a pop up at New York City’s The Greenwich Hotel ahead of the Met Gala. Darden prepped Michele, Irina Shayk, Rita Ora and Riley Keough. For red-carpet-ready skin, shop the Shani Darden Triple Acid Peel ($125).

	Want more beauty recommendations? Check out our list of new beauty drops to shop for spring, and where to buy the viral acne patches that beauty lovers can’t stop raving about.   
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.