Sources told Axios that there are two President Joe Bidens: there's the one we see in those "cheap fakes," and then there's another one who's fully engaged between 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. The New York Times has made quite the turnaround in the last couple of weeks:
Two weeks ago versus today. pic.twitter.com/hopYp34kmI
Two weeks ago, "misleading videos" were targeting fears of Biden's old age; on Tuesday there's a piece about how Biden's lapses are increasingly common, according to those in the room. Part of the Times piece looks into the week of debate preparation that Biden had with advisers at Camp David and notes that Biden would start after 11 p.m. and then have an afternoon nap.
"The preparations, which took place over six days, never started before 11 a.m. and Mr. Biden was given time for an afternoon nap each day" https://t.co/uYmL2YNEse
After the debate, the New York Times editorial board published a piece urging Biden to step aside, so it's no surprise they've greenlit a piece like this one. 
Didn't Biden have time for an afternoon nap before the debate? He should have, with that terrible cold he has.
So a normal work day for him. https://t.co/afk7Y1SGeS
C'mon man. He has a cold!
And you guys are just noticing and reporting this now?Sure.
Former Washington Post reporter Carl Bernstein just told CNN there have been at least 15 occasions over the past year and a half when "Biden appeared like he did at that horror show."
A week ago, the media swore he had never been better and we were all conspiracy theorists for even suggesting otherwise.
Sounds like one hell of a gig.
He works about 3 hours a week. They scrape him off a Delaware beach to slur incoherently off his giant teleprompter and be led around by the arm, and then he's right back on vacay.The life of a corrupt, rotting dementia patient looks glamous.
Oof. Joe, Jill and Hunter tried toblame the debate catastrophe on staff/advisors and now they are slamming back with leaks containing damning details.“The preparations, which took place over six days, never started before 11 a.m. and Mr. Biden was given time for an afternoon…
" … and Mr. Biden was given time for an afternoon nap each day, according to a person familiar with the process.”
I really hope people start standing up for themselves and actually admitting how bad he is doing. Everyone can see it and anyone who denies it is lying. Everyone gets old, just accept the facts.
But the bad orange man is up at 3 a.m. posting to Truth Social when he should be in bed sleeping.
It's funny how you all, at the same time, suddenly are telling the truth about Biden now.Shows you're not journalists but political operatives, acting in coordination to advance your agenda.
I guess the orders have come down from whoever is actually in charge to start tearing down the Alzheimer’s patient in chief. 🤡
So did he have a cold or not get his nap or both? Well, CNN is mostly to blame for the poor lighting and makeup.
Two days before the debate. Fake journalist on CNN discusses the debate prep of each candidate.How did that framing working out for you Kaitlan? pic.twitter.com/MegaNW1uBA
***

                            Copyright Twitchy.com/Salem Media. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you.