The first Monday in May came and went, and we're recapping everything you need to know about fashion’s biggest night—including the Met Gala 2024 theme, explained in layman’s terms. This year’s Costume Institute exhibition at The Metropolitan Museum of Art, as well as the Met Gala, will be “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion.” Keep in mind, the dress code was The Garden of Time. So yes, florals…for spring.
The core exhibition will span 400 years of history, from a 17th-century English Elizabethan-era bodice to 21st-century acquisitions by designers including Phillip Lim, Stella McCartney, and Connor Ives. Andrew Bolton, who is the Wendy Yu curator in charge of the Costume Institute, explained that the exhibition will be structured around approximately 50 historically significant and aesthetically beautiful pieces that are far too fragile to ever be worn again.
The exhibition always opens with the Met Gala, which takes place every year on the first Monday in May at The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. Here’s everything you need to know about what went down during the 2024 Met Gala—also known as the Oscars of fashion.
The 2024 Met Gala took place on Monday, May 6, in New York. The event is held on the first Monday in May every year since 2005, apart from in 2020, when the Met Gala was canceled altogether, and in 2021, when it was moved to September, as a result of the pandemic.
The spring 2024 exhibit is entitled “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion.” The exhibition will be structured around approximately 50 historically significant and aesthetically beautiful pieces from the collection that are far too fragile ever to be worn again. “These are the ‘Sleeping Beauties’ of the title,” Andrew Bolton, Wendy Yu curator in charge of the Costume Institute, explained. Cutting-edge curation and technology will give a deeper understanding of these fragile pieces—an illusion technique known as Pepper’s ghost will be used to revive some looks, while video animation, light projection, soundscaping, AI, CGI, and other forms of sensory stimulation will provide a deeper context to each piece, according to Vogue’s Luke Leitch.
“Fashion is one of the most emotional artistic forms because of its connection to the body,” Bolton said. “It is imbued with memory and emotions, and we relate to it very much via our senses. One thing I hope this show will activate is that sensorial appreciation of fashion.” The exhibition will be open to the public the day after the Met Gala and will run until September 2, 2024.
Blackpink’s Jennie at the Met Gala 2023
The Garden of Time, as announced in February.
In addition to Anna Wintour, chief content officer of Condé Nast and global editorial director of Vogue, this year’s celebrity cochairs are Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Bad Bunny, and Chris Hemsworth.
Organized and presided over by Anna Wintour since 1995, the Met Gala has become a much-loved annual celebration of fashion. A fundraiser for The Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Costume Institute, it has traditionally been timed to mark the opening of its annual fashion exhibition. Year after year, the event raises eight-figure sums.
The Met Gala 2023 theme was “Karl Lagerfeld: A Line of Beauty” in tribute to the legendary designer, who died in 2019. As in previous years, Bolton was in charge of the exhibition—which he said was not a “traditional retrospective”—while Amanda Harlech, who had worked closely with Lagerfeld, served as the show’s creative consultant. Fittingly, the Met Gala dress code was “In Honor of Karl”—with many guests drawing inspiration from the creative director’s tenures at Chanel, Fendi, Chloé, Patou, and his own eponymous brand.
In 2022 the Met Gala theme was “In America: An Anthology of Fashion.” The exhibition saw Andrew Bolton focus on inclusivity in fashion and celebrate the unsung heroes of US design. It followed on from the 2021 theme, which was “In America: The Lexicon of Fashion.”
Kim Kardashian at the Met Gala in 2022
In short: It’s a secret. For this reason, guests must abide by the no-phone (and, therefore, no social media) policy. However, the rules were famously broken by a cluster of celebrities smoking and taking selfies in the bathroom in 2017. The event usually involves a high-profile performer (such as Rihanna), and this year it was Ariana Grande. Guests enjoy and cocktail party and explore the exhibition before sitting down together for dinner.
The event usually hosts around 600 attendees, although a smaller number attended the 2021 Met Gala.
Naomi Campbell at the Met Gala in 2019
As 2024 cochairs, Zendaya, Bad Bunny, Jennifer Lopez, and Chris Hemsworth will all be in attendance. Other attendees included Kim Kardashian, Sydney Sweeney, Lana Del Ray, Kendall and Kylie Jenner, Tyla, Doja Cat, Pamela Anderson, Kerry Washington, Sarah Jessica Parker, and Cardi B. Many fans speculated as to whether singer-songwriter Taylor Swift would make her Met Gala return after an eight-year absence, but alas this was not the case. Also notably missing? Met staples Blake Lively, Rihanna (who reportedly had the flu), and Beyonce.
The 2023 guest list included everyone from Rihanna, Lizzo, Kim Kardashian, and Billie Eilish to Michelle Yeoh, Anne Hathaway, and Erykah Badu. As always, designers attended with muses, like Jeremy Scott and his close friend and cult-favorite model Devon Aoki; Pierpaolo Piccioli with actor Florence Pugh; and Olivier Rousteing and actor and singer Jeremy Pope.
The 2023 hosts included Penélope Cruz, Michaela Coel, Roger Federer, Dua Lipa, and Vogue’s Anna Wintour.
The 2024 Met Gala livestream was available on Vogue’s homepage as well as on Glamour’s homepage and this page you’re currently on. It was also broadcast live across all of Vogue’s YouTube, Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter pages.
Presented with the theme of Lagerfeld’s illustrious design career, attendees either explored his extensive archives or paid homage with referential designs. Some moments to note include: Rihanna in a Valentino haute couture cape and gown, which nodded to the Chanel bride; Kim Kardashian draped in pearls by way of Schiaparelli; and Olivia Wilde in a violin Chloé dress that referenced Lagerfeld’s spring-summer 1983 collection at the brand. And we can’t forget Doja Cat’s, Jared Leto’s, and Lil Nas X’s odes to the designer’s beloved pet cat, Choupette.
Doja Cat at the Met Gala 2023
Over the years the Met Gala has delivered viral looks that are still being discussed today. Rihanna’s dramatic yellow Guo Pei couture cape and gown in 2015 springs to mind here. What about Lady Gaga’s 16-minute entrance while wearing transformative Brandon Maxwell in 2019? Divine. Another outstanding moment was Billie Eilish’s peach Oscar de la Renta tulle dress in 2021.
A version of this article first appeared on British Vogue.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices