Jamie Foxx accepts the “Vanguard Award” onstage during The Critics Choice Association’s Celebration Of Cinema & Television: Honoring Black, Latino And AAPI Achievements at Fairmont Century Plaza on December 04, 2023 in Los Angeles, California.
Jamie Foxx is revealing new details about the unspecified "medical complication" he experienced last year.
<em>(Photo by Michael Reaves/Getty Images)</em>
In an undated video that went viral on social media yesterday (July 1), the Oscar-winning actor appeared to discuss the circumstances surrounding the medical emergency that set him on a months-long road to recovery with some fans.
As we previously reported, the Django Unchained star was at a Chicago rehabilitation center that specializes in "stroke recovery, traumatic brain injury rehab, spinal cord injury rehab, and cancer rehabilitation."
Then in December, while he was honored at the Critics Choice Association’s Celebration of Cinema & Television, Foxx, 56, said, "I’ve been through something. I’ve been through some things. It’s crazy, I couldn’t do that six months ago. I couldn’t actually walk too….,” he added as he became emotional.
In the viral clip, Foxx told fans he experienced a "bad headache" and "asked my boy for an Advil." Then "I was gone for 20 days." He went on, "I don’t remember anything. I’m in Atlanta … My sister and my daughter took me to the first doctor. They gave me a cortisone shot. The next doctor said, 'There’s something going on up there.'" Foxx pointed to his head before explaining that he wouldn't go into further details "on camera."
Fans reacted to the clip, with some guessing what happened to Foxx. One person commented, "So, a stroke?" Another person said, "This is a clone." A third alleged, "So his 'buddy' gave him fentanyl. Got it.." Another user wrote, "Definitely sounds like a stroke if he had brain aneurysm that would require brain surgery. I see now scaring of the skull that suggests he had brain surgery."
In March, Foxx alluded to his health scare while accepting the producer's award at the African American Film Critics Association's awards luncheon. "Everybody wants to know what happened, and I'm going to tell you what happened, but I gotta do it in my way," Foxx said. "I'm gonna do it in a funny way."
“It’ll be called, What Had Happened Was, and it’s got all the things that happened, especially on our side of our community,” he said, joking about the online rumors that the “Jamie Foxx” sightings after his hospitalization weren’t, in fact, him. “I dove out of a car to save this Black woman’s purse,” he recalled. “That ain’t no damn Jamie, that’s a clone.”
Quentin Tarantino has made some of our favorite films. His directorial film debut was in 1992 with Reservoir Dogs starring Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen, Steve Buscemi, Tim Roth, Chris Penn and the director himself. His second film, Pulp Fiction (1994), became a major success that many people regard as his best work. From then on, female feet obsessed director, came out with Jackie Brown in 1997, Kill Bill Vol. 1 in 2003, Kill Bill Vol. 2 a year later, Death Proof in 2007, Inglourious Basterds in 2009, Django Unchained in 2012, The Hateful Eight in 2015 and Once Upon a Time in Hollywood in 2019.
Tarantino's work isn't for the faint of heart, with his graphic depictions of violence, frequent inclusion of racial slurs and the alleged negligence of safety in his handling of stunt scenes. Over the course of his professional career, now spanning 30 years, Tarantino's films have garnered a cult following with his success of becoming a household name.
Take a look below at our ranking of Quentin Tarantino's movies:
After watching this in theaters, I thought this very long film (2 hours and 40 minutes) was pretty good! Though it didn't make it to the top of our Tarantino's best films list, it's pretty captivating. Actor Rick Dalton (Leonardo DiCaprio) gained fame and fortune by starring in a 1950s television Western, but is now struggling to find meaningful work in a Hollywood that he doesn't recognize anymore. He spends most of his time drinking with Cliff Booth (Brad Pitt), his easygoing best friend and longtime stunt double. Rick also happens to live next door to Roman Polanski and Sharon Tate (Margot Robbie) -- the filmmaker and budding actress whose futures will forever be altered by members of the Manson Family.
Stuntman Mike (Kurt Russell) is a professional body double who likes to take unsuspecting women for deadly drives in his free time. He has doctored his car for maximum impact; when Mike purposely causes wrecks, the bodies pile up while he walks away with barely a scratch. The insane Mike may be in over his head, though, when he targets a tough group of female friends, including real-life stuntwoman Zoe Bell (who served as Uma Thurman's double in Kill Bill), who plays herself.The film was originally released as a double feature with obert Rodriguez's Planet Terror under the name Grindhouse.
The Bride (Uma Thurman) picks up where she left off in volume one with her quest to finish the hit list she has composed of all of the people who have wronged her, including her ex-boyfriend Bill (the late David Carradine), who tried to have her killed four years ago during her wedding to another man. Leaving several dead in her wake, she eventually tracks down Bill in Mexico. Using skills she has learned during her assassin career, she attempts to finish what she set out to do in the first place.
We can't get over how ridiculous Samuel L. Jackson's Ordell looks with his red hair and braided string of a goatee in this film. Pam Grier's Jackie Brown is caught up transporting Ordell's money back and forth from Cabo San Lucas back to Los Angeles. Robert De Niro plays Ordell's freshly-released-from-prison friend Louis. Unfortunately, he has to spend his time with one of Ordell's girlfriends, the chaotic Melanie, who will always do what Melanie does. Bail bondsmen Max Cherry (the late Robert Forster) gets hit with cupid's bow the moment he meets Brown out of jail and decides to help her out in her ploy to deceive the ATF (Michael Keaton) and Ordell. We love a happy ending where a woman gets one over on everyone. 
Mr. Orange, Mr. Blue, Mr. White, Mr. Brown, Mr. Pink and Mr. Blonde all have a heist to do. But what happens when one of them is a rat and tips off the cops? Well, when no one can trust each other, or put their trust in the wrong person, someone's gonna get shot. And someone's gonna lose an ear.
Quentin wasn't lying when he thought up of the title for this film. Kurt Russell delivers an amazing performance as "The Hangman." He trusts nobody at first (rightfully), but when faced with dodgy characters at Minnie's Haberdashery, he warms up a little in order to take the firecracker murderer that is Daisy Domergue (Jennifer Jason Leigh). No one messes with Samuel L. Jackson's Major Marquis Warren, or you're bound to get shot -- especially if you're a General of the Confederates. Though the movie ends in a blood bath, we get a nice little dance by Daisy that warms all of our hearts.
Uma Thurman plays a former assassin, known simply as The Bride, who wakes up from a coma four years after her jealous ex-lover Bill (David Carradine) attempts to murder her on her wedding day. Fueled by an insatiable thirst for revenge, she vows to get even with every person who contributed to the loss of her unborn child, the murder of her entire wedding party, and fthe our years of her life that she spent in a coma.
We can't count how many times we've watched Pulp Fiction, as we know the words to our favorite scenes by now. The film follows multiple storylines starting with the iconic hitmen duo Vincent Vega (John Travolta) and Jules Winnfield (Samuel L. Jackson). Their boss Marsellus Wallace's (Ving Rhames) wife, Mia (Uma Thurman) causes them a whole lot of trouble on her night out with Vega. Their problems lead to a run-in with struggling boxer Butch Coolidge (Bruce Willis) and a nervous couple of armed robbers, "Pumpkin" (Tim Roth) and "Honey Bunny" (Amanda Plummer).
This is another Tarantino film we've watched many a time. Set in Nazi France, the cunning and merciless Hans Landa (played by the brilliant Christoph Waltz) has made it his personal mission to find Shosanna after she is the only member of her family to get away from his murder spree. Years later, she becomes a theater owner in Paris. Allied officer Lt. Aldo Raine (Brad Pitt) assembles a team of Jewish soldiers to kill and scalp Nazis. He and his men join forces with Bridget von Hammersmark (Diane Kruger), a German actress and undercover agent, to bring down the leaders of the Third Reich.
The story of Django (Jamie Foxx) being freed by Dr. King Schultz (Christoph Waltz), a German dentist-turned-bounty hunter begins with their quest to kill the Brittle brothers. As Django and Schultz rack up more bounties together, there's only one thing on Django's mind: rescuing his love, Broomhilda (Kerry Washington), from Monsieur Candie's (Leonardo DiCaprio) Candyland plantation. Django and Schultz devise a master plan, only to be foiled by Samuel L. Jackson's Stephen, who knows what they're really there for. Plus, he hates that Django is a freedman. What's to follow is a shootout that leaves Django alone to save his woman and ride out into the sunset.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!