I’m back! Did you miss me? I’ve been doing sooo much reflecting and working non stop on the newest venture of my brand “Listen Linda Magazine”Listen Linda Magazine”, that I haven’t had the time to post in a couple weeks. However, now that I am able to take a breather, let’s catch up! Of course, we all know Thanksgiving is tomorrow. And while some of us enjoy taking this time to spend with loved ones and reflect on why we are thankful for all God has done for us, others deem it as a pagan holiday and condemn it. I will say, I am NOT one to get on social media, or go on a “Don’t do this with your own life” campaign because I truly believe everyone has dominion over their own lives. What I will ask is this; “whatever happened to people taking what was deemed bad (such as the true events that occurred during the origination of Thanksgiving) and turning it into something beautiful like giving thanks to God? Why do people always have to remind us of all the bad our ancestors or those before us have encountered and tell us not to have a day of peace?” The answer is simple: Hurt people sometimes avoid healing.
Some people truly crave the attention they get by being victim, even if they are not a victim per se of anything. Take Christmas for instance. We celebrate the birth of Christ, on Christmas Day this is true. But it’s also a time for family and friends to love and celebrate each other and can be a great way to bring peace and joy and happiness back to our families and mend any broken relationships that happened before the holidays. To me, that’s the Holy Spirit and that’s one of the reasons Jesus was born. But some people (hurt people) are so full of hate and hurt, they would be quick to condemn people for buying gifts and teaching their kids about Santa.
Usually these are people when they were kids, had the experience of Christmas with a Santa, but probably was let down when it came to family and gifts. Or maybe someone who along their path in life, have had some trials with family that have had them shut off so now they choose to tell their kids Santa isn’t real and rip imagination and Creativity away. I feel that two things can happen. I can teach my kids the importance of Holidays like Christmas, Thanksgiving, Easter (Resurrection Day), Valentines Day,  and the true events that occurred during those times, but also allow them to believe in things they can’t see like The Easter Bunny, the tooth fairy, Santa Clause, because that opens the door to faith. Believing in things you can’t see is a huge component in believing in God. This is just my perspective.
So as you celebrate the holidays with your families this year, it’s okay to teach people about the true meaning of these holidays, but I ask that you have some compassion and empathy for people who may want to just release from the real world for a second. From all the chaos and hate that’s going on right now, and just focus on loving their families, finding something or someone to be thankful for, and for believing in things and spirits they CAN NOT SEE. A lot of times, these thoughts are the only things they have left to good in to their sanity in a world that is constantly spinning and from the looks of it, God is all we have left. And HE is love. Let’s walk in HIM….