The presidential campaign of Kamala Harris and Tim Walz, as the election grows nigh, is looking more and more like the Energizer Bunny on crack cocaine; it just keeps getting dumber, and dumber, and dumber. In their latest example of doubling down on stupid, Kamala Harris is reportedly coming to Texas for a rally with Colin Allred, who is engaged in a Quixotic effort to unseat Republican Texas Senator Ted Cruz.
Naturally, Texas Republicans aren't enamored of the idea. But maybe they should be.
More than a dozen Texas Republicans, from the governor to members of the U.S. House, slammed Vice President Kamala Harris’ planned visit to the border state Friday, telling Fox News Digital the visit is "one of the dumbest political decisions" they've seen. 
"'Border Czar' Kamala Harris can come all the way to Houston where Jocelyn Nungaray was killed by Tren de Aragua gang members that she let into the country, yet she can't be bothered to visit Jocelyn's family or even say her name. Kamala Harris and her open border policies have allowed over 11 million illegal immigrants and dangerous criminals like TdA into our country, putting every American's life at risk," Texas Gov. Greg Abbott told Fox News Digital. 
That's a fair and astute piece of criticism, and it speaks directly to what makes this such a dimwitted move; only days before the election, with the Trump/Vance campaign opening up a lead in all of the battleground state polls, Kamala Harris is in effect returning to the scene of the crime. Texas and all of the border states are the scenes of Kamala Harris's greatest failure, the open, running sore that is our southern border. Why interfere with her reminding the American electorate of that by coming to Texas? 
As Sun Tzu said, when your opponent is making a mistake, don't interfere.
Texas Lieutenant Governor Dan Patrick knows the deal.
"Kamala Harris coming to Texas for a rally is one of the dumbest political decisions I’ve ever seen. She and Colin Allred are not going to win in Texas. I’m glad she is spending the day in Texas instead of campaigning in a swing state with only a few days left in the election. I hope she stays longer. Donald Trump is going to be the next president because the voters are fed up with the Harris-Biden regime and the chaos they’ve created," Patrick said.
See Related: The Funniest Parts of CNN's Reaction to Kamala's Disastrous Town Hall
'Cover Up': Aurora, CO City Councilperson Starts Docs Dump, Calls Out City, Media Over Tren de Aragua
Granted, this will indeed draw more unwelcome attention to her failure in this quarter. But could this be a sign of something more serious? Even as we applaud Republicans "pouncing" on this - if GOP pols pounced as often as they are accused of doing, the entire Republican party would have quadriceps of steel - this seeming mistake on the part of Kamala Harris may be more of an admission than a foul-up.
At this point in the campaign, one would expect that the candidates on both sides would be focused like an industrial laser on the battleground states. Granted Trump is wandering farther afield, but he's ahead, and his paths to 270 electoral votes are more plentiful than Harris's, if the current polling is to be believed. Could Harris's sudden visit to Texas to prop up a Democrat candidate who is losing, be an admission of something more? Could the Harris campaign's internal numbers be looking so bad that she's just trying to salvage what down-ticket races she can?
I'm a little skeptical about that. In the first place, this isn't a race that she can easily salvage. In the second, I doubt she or her campaign staff are savvy enough to pivot to saving what they can; I have the impression that they will go down fighting for the top spot.
No, I expect this is just another Kamala Harris campaign event: A dumb idea in a long, long line of dumb ideas.
Ward Clark hails from Alaska’s Susitna Valley, where he maintains his rural household in one of America’s last free places.  Ward is a twelve-year veteran of the U.S. Army including service in Operation Desert Storm and (in Germany in support of) Operation Joint Endeavor, and today is a staunch minarchist libertarian, along with being an author, novelist, self-employed small businessman, woods bum, and semi-professional bad influence. You can see some of Ward's fiction writing here, and be sure to follow Ward on Rumble!
Follow Ward on Twitter and Truth Social at @TheGreatLander.

                            Copyright Redstate.com/Salem Media. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you.