Marcello Hernandez quickly established himself as a fan-favorite after joining the cast of Saturday Night Live, or SNL, in 2022. Still, many viewers don’t know his story outside of the sketch comedy show.
In his Floridian hometown, Miami, Hernandez began his comedic career by making videos on social media, specifically TikTok. For example, his work ‘Only In Dade’ covered the happenings of Dade County through comedic commentary and has now collected over 1.4 million followers on Instagram. 
The comedian’s personal accounts have achieved similar status, with his Instagram amassing 1.1 million followers and his TikTok an even more impressive 1.3 million.
Aside from his social media presence, Hernandez’s qualifications include his Bachelor’s degree in Entrepreneurship & Communication, TV & Screenwriting, which he received in 2019 from John Carroll University in Ohio. 
After receiving his degree, Hernandez moved to New York City in 2019 and was later cast on SNL in 2022. That same year, he was named Just for Laughs Comedy Festival’s “New Face of Comedy.”
As shown in his time at SNL, Hernandez is proud of his Cuban/Dominican heritage. According to his website, the comedian has appeared on Telemundo’s Accesso Total and Southern Florida-based NBC’s “6 in the Mix” more than 10 times.
His most notable skits embrace his heritage. “Protective Mom” included a mix of both Spanish and English dialogue in which Hernandez’s character introduced his girlfriend (Chloe Fineman) to his overprotective, Spanish-speaking mother (Pedro Pascal). 
The sketch performed so well that Lorne Michaels, creator of SNL, enlisted him to write a sequel, this time including his aunt (Bad Bunny). In a Behind the Sketch video, Hernandez discusses what went into the writing and production of both skits, noting how including Spanish dialogue was a must for him when writing for special guest Bad Bunny. He also accredits Pascal for helping him achieve his break-out skit.
“Pedro changed my life with the first one,” Hernandez said. “That was my first huge moment on the show.”
The skit, which he told Seth Myers was inspired by his real mother, parallels with his comedic work outside the show. For example, Hernandez’s stand-up comedy bit “Cuban Mom” jokes about his experience as a first-generation immigrant and his relationship with his Hispanic parents. 
According to Screen Rant, Hernandez is the fourth Latino person to be cast on SNL, making his background even more valuable to the show’s versatility.  
The comedian has made several appearances on SNL’s Weekend Update segment where he’s made hilarious commentary on being a “short king,” why depression is so common in men and the MLB Playoffs. 
He established his mark on the show by starring in a sketch titled “Posters,” which served as a new spin on established comedian Pete Davidson’s original sketch from 2017.
When he is not working on the show, the 26-year-old opens for SNL alum Jim Breuer, Gilbert Gottfried, Mark Viera, and Tim Dillon and performs other gigs at clubs around New York City. 
Currently, the comedian is performing in Houston, Texas; Madison, Wisconsin and Orlando, Florida. 
kenziecake8
kc389422@ohio.edu