The Strokes put their money where their mouth is.
Julian Casablancas and Albert Hammond Jr.’s band just announced they’re playing a concert at Chicago’s Credit Union 1 Arena on March 8 in support of Congressional candidate Kina Collins.
“It is our great honor to help support progressive, caring human beings who are not captured by corporate power,” the band shared on Instagram. “Though Kina Collins is running for a Democratic district for Congress, we essentially consider her Independent.”
At the one-off show, they’ll be joined by special guests Beach Bunny and Nnamdï.
And if you want to hear “Last Nite,” “12:51,” “Hard To Explain” and more for a good cause, you can pick your tickets up right now.
At the time of publication, prices start at $79 before fees on Vivid Seats.
General admission floor passes can be snagged for $152 before fees.
More details about The Strokes’ Chicago concert can be found below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete breakdown of all the best ticket prices by sections at the Credit Union 1 Arena are listed here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Last year, the garage rockers toured overseas.
Here’s what they played live at a recent headlining non-festival gig, courtesy of Set List FM:
01.) “What Ever Happened?”02.) “Bad Decisions”03.) “Soma”04.) “Juicebox”05.) “Automatic Stop”06.) “The Adults Are Talking”07.) “Take It or Leave It”08.) “Under Control”09.) “Reptilia”10.) “Call It Fate, Call It Karma”11.) “Red Light”12.) “Someday”13.) “Ize of the World”Encore:
14.) “Hard to Explain”15.) “You Only Live Once”16.) “Last Nite”
Haven’t checked out The Strokes’ opening acts before?
We’ve got you covered.
You can check out each artist’s most streamed song on Spotify below.
Beach Bunny: “Prom Queen”
Nnamdï: “Wasted”
 While The Strokes have just a single show lined up — as of now — many other groups have longer tours scheduled.
Here’s a quick look at a few other acts you won’t want to miss live these next few months.
• Death Cab For Cutie with The Postal Service
• Khruangbin
• Red Hot Chili Peppers
• Pixies and Modest Mouse
• Foo Fighters
Who else is touring this year? Check out our exhaustive list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 here to find out.