By 

	Thania Garcia


Bad Bunny will kickoff the new year with a new album, the Grammy-winning singer confirmed Thursday with a video trailer. Dubbed “Debí Tirar Más Fotos” (“I Should’ve Taken More Photos”) the 17-song set will be out on Jan. 5, 2025.

	The trailer begins with a zoomed out perspective of an isolated home in Puerto Rico. It’s clear that the scene is set in the distant future, as the narrator — an older man who resides inside the home — is reminiscing about his youth, stating things like “I wasn’t the type of person to take photos or upload [Instagram] stories.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Soundstage Expansion Now Feeling Crunch of Production Contraction		
			














	
		
					‘St. Denis Medical’ Co-Creator Breaks Down Joyce’s Big Plan for the Hospital’s Future and Why the Show May Never Address Its Mockumentary Format 		
			








	The older man, speaking to a much smaller and animated companion named Concho, says that he met a lot of beautiful people and visited a lot of places in his lifetime, but “none were like Puerto Rico.” In this nostalgic state, the man expands on a larger topic about the importance of loving as much as you can in your lifetime. The creature responds, telling him “that’s why I love you so much.”




			Popular on Variety		






	Ending at around a minute, the video closes with a dark screen that reveals the title and release date of the project, or the Puerto Rican star’s ninth studio album. He teased the package on Dec. 25 via X, revealing that the set has 17 songs (he redacted the titles, replacing them with the word “Bomba” or “Explosive”).

	Along with the trailer, Bad Bunny‘s YouTube and streaming accounts uploaded another single from the album called “Pitorro De Coco,” named after Puerto Rican rum, also referred to as “moonshine rum.” 

	Before this, Bad Bunny released “El Clúb,” which was co-produced by MAG, Saox and La Paciencia. It boasted elements of EDM, but was in the style of plena, an Afro-Caribbean style from Puerto Rico. The album’s rollout so far has maintained elements of nostalgia, or yearning for the past. “El Clúb” was about Bad Bunny missing his ex: “What could my ex be doing? / Haven’t seen her around for a while / Could it be she’s over me and doing fine? While I’m here drunk, wondering,” Bad Bunny raps over fast-paced beats.

	He has not released much music this year outside of a pair of collaborations with Myke Towers and Rauw Alejandro, and his own “Una Velita ” (“A Candle”), which served as a political message to the island of Puerto Rico on the seven-year anniversary of Hurricane Maria.

	










	See Bad Bunny’s video trailer below.
A post shared by Benito Antonio (@badbunnypr)
The Business of Entertainment