Whether you’re traveling or enjoying the outdoors, these sticks are convenient, no-mess ways to protect your skin.
Sunscreen is one of the most effective ways to protect skin from the sun’s harmful ultraviolet rays but reapplying every two hours can be inconvenient, especially when you’re traveling or enjoying the outdoors. We like to travel with sunscreen sticks because they’re not as messy as liquid formulas, they fit in pockets, and most are TSA-compliant. 
We analyzed several sunscreen sticks and asked dermatologists for their recommendations. Based on our research, we think the Shiseido Clear Sunscreen Stick SPF 50 is the best sunscreen stick overall. It’s got a high SPF and a water-resistant formula that will work for most skin types. 
Whether you’re looking for a mineral-based option, a sheer finish, or something gentle enough for kids, we’ve got a few more recommendations below. 
Sunscreen sticks offer convenient and reliable protection, making them ideal for travel or busy days. Here are all the details for the sunscreen sticks recommended by dermatologists. 
Buy it now on Amazon
Why we like it: Shiseido Clear Sunscreen Stick glides on without leaving a sticky residue. It’s got a broad-spectrum, water-resistant formula with a high SPF and goes on clear, making it suitable for most skin tones. Reviewers note that this stick sunscreen layers well over makeup too. 
“Darker skin tones would benefit from a clear formulation like that of Shiseido’s Clear Sunscreen Stick,” says May Hall, a board-certified dermatologist based in Hopkinsville, Kentucky. “It won’t leave a white cast behind and blends very well into the skin.”  
Corey L. Hartman agrees. The board-certified dermatologist and founder of Skin Wellness Dermatology in Birmingham, Alabama, adds that other formulas can leave darker skin looking ashy or even cause a purplish hue.  
Keep in mind: While most reviewers describe the formula as non-greasy, some with oilier skin types have found this formula slightly greasy. 
Product details: Type: Chemical | SPF level: 50+ | Water-resistance: 80 minutes 
(Try sun protection shirts—the easy way to protect your skin.) 
Buy it now at Dermstore
Why we like it: This sunscreen stick is a favorite with dermatologists for its gentle, fragrance-free formula. Reviewers also praise it for not stinging the eyes. 
New York City-based board-certified dermatologist Hannah Kopelman says this is her choice for people with acne-prone skin too. “It’s gentle, non-comedogenic, and safe for both adults and children, making it great for families,” she says. “I also love it for outdoor activities like hiking, as it’s easy to reapply and won’t run into your eyes when sweating.”  
Geeta Yadav, board-certified dermatologist and founder of Facet Dermatology in Toronto, Canada, likes the nourishing shea butter and cocoa butter formula.  
Keep in mind: Some reviewers note that this sunscreen leaves a white cast, so you have to rub it in well. They also note that it doesn’t glide on easily.  
Product details: Type: Mineral | SPF level: 50+ | Water-resistance: 80 minutes 
Buy it now on Amazon
Why we like it: Cetaphil’s sunscreen stick offers high UVA and UVB protection, plus nourishing ingredients like vitamin E. Reviewers say it’s easy to apply and works well over makeup. We also like that this unscented formula is made with zinc oxide and titanium dioxide, which can be better for people with sensitive skin. And at under $10, Hall says “I would not feel bad at all generously reapplying to face and body if I were playing sports and sweating.” 
Keep in mind: Like most mineral sunscreens, Cetaphil’s sunscreen stick leaves a white cast. This makes it less suitable for darker skin tones.  
Product details: Type: Mineral | SPF level: 50 | Water-resistance: 80 minutes 
(Here are 7 of the best reef-safe sunscreens.) 
Buy it now at Dermstore
Why we like it: This brand is known for making sunscreens that are easy to apply. This stick’s sheer formula leaves a weightless, matte finish that you can apply over makeup. It’s also a great option for people with acne-prone skin, says Hartman. We also appreciate that this sunscreen includes ingredients like meadowfoam estolide and marine bamboo extract, which some say can boost hydration while protecting skin from blue light.  
Keep in mind: Some reviewers say this formula leaves a greasy finish compared to other chemical sunscreens, such as Shiseido’s stick sunscreen. 
Product details: Type: Chemical | SPF level: 40 | Water-resistance: 40 minutes 
Buy it now on Amazon
Why we like it: Most mineral sunscreens can leave a white cast, but reviewers say that’s less noticeable with CeraVe’s sunscreen stick, especially after it dries. Like others on this list, this broad-spectrum sunscreen includes hydrating ingredients like hyaluronic acid and ceramides, plus a non-comedogenic, oil-free formula that Hartman recommends for people with sensitive skin. We appreciate that it’s reef-safe and has the Skin Cancer Foundation seal of approval. 
Keep in mind: CeraVe’s sunscreen stick is only water-resistant for 40 minutes, so we wouldn’t rely on it for water sports.   
Product details: Type: Mineral | SPF level: 50 | Water-resistance: 40 minutes 
Buy it now on Amazon
Why we like it: Both Hartman and Yadav swear by this sunscreen stick for their own kids. “I love this collection from SunBum for kids,” says Yadav. “This chemical sunscreen formula is water-resistant, SPF 50, and can be applied to both wet or dry skin, making it really easy to reapply at the beach or pool.” We also like that it smells great, which reviewers say helps make it easier to apply.  
Keep in mind: Because this formula goes on clear, it’s harder to see missed spots. Be sure to apply liberally to ensure all areas are covered. 
Product details: Type: Chemical | SPF level: 50 | Water-resistance: 80 minutes 
(Essentials to pack for a day at the beach.) 
Buy it now on Amazon
Why we like it: Hall loves this sunscreen stick for kids because it’s easy for them to apply themselves. We like the fact that it’s water-resistant up to 80 minutes, plus its vegan, fragrance- and oil-free, and non-comedogenic. Reviewers note the thicker, moisturizing formula is ideal for colder months.  
Keep in mind: Some reviewers say this sunscreen stick feels tacky on the skin and requires more effort to wash off. 
Product details: Type: Mineral | SPF level: 50 | Water-resistance: 80 minutes 
Buy it now on Amazon
Why we like it: While there are cheaper sunscreen sticks, this one offers a ton of great stuff for under $20. Yadav notes it has a high 50 SPF level and good-for-your-skin vitamins C and E. Reviewers say they love that the Olay Glow & Protect sunscreen stick leaves a “glowy” finish. We also like the clear, unscented formula. 
Keep in mind: Some reviewers say this sunscreen stick crumbles easily.  
Product details: Type: Chemical | SPF level: 50 | Water-resistance: 80 minutes 
Buy it now on Amazon
Why we like it: Seaweed Bath Co’s Hydrating Sunscreen Stick has a ton of skin-loving ingredients. “I appreciate that it’s truly a sunscreen-skincare hybrid—it contains soothing bisabolol and niacinamide, as well as hydrating coconut water, nourishing sea buckthorn oil, and vitamin-rich rainbow seaweed, which offers antiaging properties,” says Yadav.  
We’re pleased that this vegan, gluten-free sunscreen is Leaping Bunny certified to be cruelty-free too. Reviewers say this stick is easy to apply and has a luxurious, yet lightweight, finish.  
Keep in mind: The sunscreen stick is scented, which some reviewers find too strong.  
Product details: Type: Mineral | SPF level: 50 | Water-resistance: 40 minutes 
The greatest benefit of stick sunscreen is convenience. Our experts recommend them as an easy, portable way to reapply throughout the day. “They’re also less likely to spill in your bag, making them ideal for travel,” adds Kopelman.  
While convenient, experts recommend not relying solely on sunscreen sticks for full-body protection. “It is easier to estimate quantities with liquid forms of sunscreen,” says Aakriti Gupta, a dermatologist and board member of the Australian Society of Cosmetic Dermatologists, in Adelaide, Australia. “In addition, it can be tricky to achieve even coverage of the skin with stick sunscreens,” making sticks better for reapplication rather than for the initial application.  
Kopelman agrees, adding that sunscreen sticks are ideal for targeted areas like the nose, ears, and around the eyes. She recommends them in combination with a lotion or spray sunscreen for full coverage.  
For the best results, our experts emphasize the importance of proper application. Hall suggests swiping the stick multiple times over the same area and blending it with your fingers. “This will help reduce the risk of burning or leaving streaks on your skin,” she explains. 
Yes, you can apply stick sunscreens to your face. Many formulations are designed specifically for facial use, but choosing one that suits your skin type is important. 
Most dermatologists recommend reapplying sunscreen every two hours, especially after swimming or sweating. 
Most chemical sunscreens are sheer. Mineral sunscreen sticks often leave a white cast due to the presence of zinc oxide or titanium dioxide, but some brands are formulated to minimize this effect. 
When selecting the best sunscreen stick for you, it’s important to understand your skin type, says Hall.  
“If you have more dry skin, you will want to choose a sunscreen stick that provides hydration with ingredients like ceramides, hyaluronic acid, and vitamin E,” she says. “If your skin is oily and acne-prone, a more matte formulation can help reduce the shine. Lastly, if your skin is reactive to various sunscreens, you may want to opt for a mineral-based sunscreen with ingredients like zinc oxide.” 
Hartman emphasizes the importance of finding a sunscreen stick that is broad spectrum with at least SPF 30. Ultimately, he says, the sunscreen stick you’ll use the most is the best.
“The biggest challenge with sunscreen is compliance,” he says. “If you find one you like, you’re more likely to use it.” 
Copyright © 1996-2015 National Geographic SocietyCopyright © 2015-2025 National Geographic Partners, LLC. All rights reserved