ANIMAL lovers have banded together to support an animal sanctuary in Dudley caring for dozens of bunnies found dumped in woods.


  Yesterday, the sanctuary was flooded with 163 Amazon deliveries from kind-hearted animal lovers containing essential supplies for the abandoned bunnies, found in a wood near Chaddesley Corbett, Worcestershire.


  The donations came after a social media appeal following the discovery of 100 abandoned bunnies on Monday, November 11.


  80 rabbits were collected on November 12, as well as the bodies of 23 bunnies who had died, according to the RSPCA.


  Lucky Bunny and Friends Rescue, an animal sanctuary based in Gornalwood, took in 56 rabbits and said they were all “in a bad way”.


  Nicky Roberts, a spokesperson for Lucky Bunny and Friends Rescue, said: “It’s shocking and incredibly upsetting.


  “Somebody out there has been careless enough to do this and to leave all those rabbits out there.


  “No matter the reason or backstory behind it, whether they left 10 or 100 bunnies, things like this shouldn’t happen.”


The bunnies need neutering and vaccinating as a minimum (Image: Lucky Bunny and Friends Rescue)


  Ms Roberts said the response from the public has been “incredible” and a “huge effort”.


  The 47-year-old added: “Everyone rallied together so quickly, which has been brilliant.


  “There are many, many animal lovers out there.


  “The rescue has been inundated and simply don’t have the people or resources to help the bunnies alone.


  “The general public have and can continue to really help.”


  A number of the bunnies were also taken off their hands by other animal sanctuaries, both local to the West Midlands and from as far away as Eastbourne.


  Hannah’s Guinea Pig Sanctuary in the West Midlands have taken on nine of the bunnies with Berkshire Animal Rescue, Eastbourne Rabbit & Guinea Pig Rescue and Hug A Bunny Hotel in Surrey taking a further 14 between them.


  Shrewsbury Rabbit Rescue have taken in some of the bunnies and went out and searched for more in the woods yesterday, even deploying a drone.


  Greatfield Small Animal Rescue in Kidderminster, Bunnies & Piggies In Need Rescue UK in Birmingham and The Rabbit Residence Rescue in Hertfordshire have also lent a helping hand in taking care of the bunnies. 


  West Mercia Police have said they are aware of the incident and enquiries are ongoing, with the RSPCA confirming they are also investigating what has happened. 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.