Laura Wartel, Special Event Producer
Published: November 15, 2024 at 7:00 PM
Laura Wartel, Special Event Producer
Tis the season to get out to some fun events before all the holidays consume all your time! 
Dave Chappelle + Killer Mike are kicking off their ‘Still Talk That Sh*t Tour’ in Detroit, Modest Mouse is celebrating 20 years of being Modest Mouse and there’s quite a few great local shows happening too!
Recommended Videos
Dave Chappelle + Killer Mike: Still Talkin That Sh*t! Tour
Friday, November 15th at 8pm
Fox Theatre
Grammy Award winning legends Dave Chappelle and Killer Mike have teamed up for an unforgettable evening of comedy and music. The small tour starts tonight at the Fox Theatre and will proceed to travel to 6 other cities across the country. The show is a phone free experience and guests will be given individual Yondr pouches to secure their devices.
Learn more!
Don Toliver - Psycho Tour
Friday, November 15th at 7:30pm
Little Caesars Arena
Earlier this year hip-hop artist Don Toliver released his new album ‘Hardstone Psycho’ and to celebrate he’s heading his biggest North American tour. His ‘Psycho Tour’ will stop in 25 cities across the country with a show here in Detroit at Little Caesars Arena. He’s been featured on albums with Eminem, Kayne, Nav, Wiz Khalifa, Pusha T, Kid Cudi, SZA, Justin Bieber and many more.
Learn more!
Tales From The 313: OUTLAWS
Friday, November 15th at 9pm
Independent Comedy Club
Tales From The 313, a monthly storytelling show returns to the Independent Comedy Club. November’s theme is Outlaws, 
where 6 stand-up comedians share their true and hysterical stories of run-ins with the law, the hard time they’ve done, and all matter of things legal and not-so-legal. The show will feature Josh Adams, Melanie Hearn, Hannah Osborne, Ken Witzgall and Nik Ford.
Learn more!
True West by Sam Shepard
November 8th - November 24th
Planet Ant Theatre, Hamtramck
Calling all play enthusiasts and people with good taste! Starting this Friday through November 24th, the Planet Ant Theatre presents True West by celebrated and award-winning American playwright, Sam Shepard. True West is about a screenwriter, who is house-sitting for his mother in Southern California when his estranged brother, a petty thief, unexpectedly arrives. Tensions rise between the brothers, roles reverse, and chaos ensues confronting their shared past and strained relationship, culminating in a raw and explosive exploration of family and identity.
Learn more!
Fall Fest at Columbia Street
Now-November 15th
Columbia Street, The District Detroit
Fall Fest ends today! Check out Columbia Street, The District Detroit’s pedestrian-only space between the historic Fox Theatre and Little Caesars World Headquarters. Columbia Street was transformed into a delightful fall experience with fun photo opportunities and autumn themed treats. Fall Fest is free and open to the public.
Learn more!
Modest Mouse Anniversary Tour
Saturday, November 16th at 7pm
The Fillmore
Does the thought of a Modest Mouse 20th Anniversary Tour make you feel old? It makes your writer feel old. Modest Mouse will be performing their Good News for People Who Love Bad News Anniversary tour this Saturday at the Fillmore. Modest Mouse made their mainstream breakout in 2004 with their singles “Float On' and “Ocean Breathes Salty”.
Learn more!
The Redford Theatre Classic Cartoon Festival
Saturday, November 16th at 2pm & 8pm
Redford Theatre
This Saturday, Steve Stanchfield an animation historian presents a Classic Cartoon Festival at the Redford Theatre. General admission is $7 and $5 for children and seniors. Attendees can expect to see familiar favorites such as Popeye, Bugs Bunny, Felix the Cat, Woody Woodpecker and even newly restored rarities all on the big screen.
Learn more!
Glenlore Trails Aurora Winter Wonderland
November 15th through December 29th
Glenlore Trails, Commerce
This weekend, Glenlore Trails opens “Aurora Winter Wanderland” to the public in Commerce Township. If you’ve never been, Glenlore Trails is a lit up immersive night walk experience in a forest. It’s a fun outing for kids, families or even for a date night.
Learn more!
Free Admission Day
Thursdays from 11am-8pm
Cranbrook Art Museum
Did you know that every Thursday Cranbrook Art Museum is open late and has free admission? Well, you do now. Currently, the museum has three new and two ongoing exhibits you can check out when you visit. If a Thursday museum visit doesn’t work into your schedule, you can visit from 11am-5pm on Wednesdays, Fridays, Saturdays and Sunday for $6-$10.
Learn more!
UniverSoul Circus
October 31st- November 24th
2600 E Atwater, Detroit
The circus is in town! This isn’t your average circus, this is the circus with SOUL and the gas turned all the way up. We are talking performers, stunts, tricks and thrilling entertainment. The circus will be here almost the entire month of November, so you have plenty of time to see this awesome show.
Learn more!
Copyright 2024 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
Laura is Local 4's Special Event Producer and author of the Go Guide. She has expertise in experiential, corporate and immersive event production, and loves supporting Detroit's vibrant art and culture scene.
email
Click here to take a moment and familiarize yourself with our Community Guidelines.
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Contests and Rules
Contact Us
Careers at WDIV
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
Public File
Current EEO Report
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Info
FCC Applications
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (313) 222-0566
At WDIV, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.
Copyright © 2025 ClickOnDetroit.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.