Awk times for Kendall Jenner :) 
Considering pretty much every celebrity ever is invited to the Met Gala (with the exception of some people on Anna Wintour’s banned list), there’s pretty much a 10/10 chance you’ll run into your ex there...which happened to no less than nine people last night! And actually happened to Kendall Jenner twice?! 
Fortunately, the carpet is timed in such a way that no one has to actually come face-to-face with an ex on camera—unless they’re extremely unlucky, that is. But still!!! Not exactly ideal for the multiple people on this list who JUST broke up. Starting with...
These two are fresh-fresh off a breakup. Like, it was just a few days ago that Entertainment Tonight spoke to a source who said, “Kim and Odell have been doing their own things lately. Kim is so busy and hasn’t been putting any pressure on herself to be committed to anyone or in a serious relationship. She is all about being a hands-on mom.”
Last we heard, Kendall and Bad Bunny had split in December, when Us Weekly spoke to an insider who said, “Friends aren’t surprised that Kendall and Bad Bunny have broken up. They never really saw their relationship going the distance anyway.” But then they were spotted vacationing together in January? IDK!
These two broke up in May 2019, with a source confirming to People that “the relationship ran its course.” Sooooo we’re gonna assume the vibes at the Met were...interesting!
These two are honestly used to being in the same place at the same time due to filming Outer Banks post-split, so moving on!
This former couple broke off their engagement in June 2023, so, yeah, there’s a lot of history. In fact, so much history that it’s worth diving into this:
Here’s How Buying Met Gala Tickets Works
We Dug Deep for These Superior Met Gala Looks
What Actually Happens at the Met Gala Inside?
These Celebs Are Banned (!!) From the Met Gala
The Most Awkward Met Gala Moments of All Time
There's Apparently a “Met Gala Curse”
All About the 2025 Met Gala Theme
Here’s the Deal on Miley’s Drummer BF Maxx
Ryan and Eva’s Relationship Timeline
The Truth About Kendall's Met Gala Dress...
What Gigi Hadid Said on the Met Gala Carpet
Met Gala 2024 Lip-Reading, Incoming!
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.