In my childhood home, goulash was prepared for dinner every so often. It was a combination of hamburger, leftovers from the fridge, tomato sauce, seasonings and pasta. Served in a bowl, the ingredients mingled together and made a flavorful meal enjoyed by the whole family.
The contemporary celebration of Easter seems a bit like a spring goulash: an empty tomb, chocolate bunnies, lilies, egg hunts, baskets and Jesus. Somehow the pieces mingle together and make for a delightful family day.
It wasn’t always like this. The Bible doesn’t talk about bunnies hiding eggs or baskets filled with candy. Somewhere along the way, the pagan tradition of worshiping the goddess of spring became a folk holiday consisting of bunnies, chicks and eggs and was eventually held on the same day as the Christian celebration honoring Jesus Christ rising from the dead. An Easter goulash for sure.
Whether it’s the outdoor sunrise service or the mid-morning church celebration of Jesus, the meat of this Easter goulash for me is singing "Jesus Christ is Risen Today" and being with others who follow him. It brings me joy, hope for all the circumstances in the world that are out of order and the reminder that there is more to life than I can see with my eyes.
Our Gregorian calendar is based on the supposed birth date of Jesus Christ. While on Earth, he showed us the character of God and modeled how to live in order to flourish in life. He died on a cross, was resurrected three days later and stayed on Earth another 40 days appearing to over 500 people, proving he had been raised from the dead. Jesus then ascended to heaven to be with his Father. His promise is that if we believe in and follow him, we will have eternal life too. Not only everlasting life in heaven, but changed lives the moment we choose Jesus as our Lord. Those truths fill me up.
But then there’s more. Easter brunch with extended family usually follows church. An Easter lily, symbolizing purity, rebirth and hope, along with daffodils, decorative bunnies, colored eggs and ceramic chicks are set on tables, and empty baskets are stashed around the room awaiting the egg hunt.
It’s a potluck, of course. Egg dishes, creative fruit plates, cinnamon rolls — everything but goulash, it seems — is set out, and after a prayer of gratitude, we help ourselves. Even though most of us live nearby, it isn’t often we all get together. There’s lots of catching up to do. And then there’s the traditional Easter jokes, passed out to anyone who would like to try to stump the group:
Q: Why was the Easter Bunny grouchy?
A: He was having a bad hare day!
Q: What music does the Easter Bunny dance to?
A: Hip-hop.
Although the kids in our extended family are older, even the teenagers like to hunt for eggs. And now there is a little one again, which adds to the fun. The egg-hunters know the Easter Bunny only comes when no one is looking out the windows, so we play an inside game to give him his privacy.
This year there will be an empty robin’s-egg-blue plastic egg in the hunt. Whoever finds it will get a $10 bill. And why is the empty egg worth $10? Other plastic eggs may have quarters or dollars in them, but this egg symbolizes the empty tomb. Jesus gave his life for us, bearing the consequences of our sin, and then rose from the dead, making the way for us to have the blessing of a relationship with God. It’s the most precious and valuable gift we could be given. And it’s available to all.
Sometimes it’s wise to put all your eggs in one basket, especially if it’s the basket of love Jesus offers us. And often, as at Easter, the goulashes of our lives on Earth are egg-straordinarily beautiful.
• Check the Yakima Herald-Republic for Easter morning church services.
• Plan a trip to the Ahtanum Mission Park, 17740 Ahtanum Road, for a stroll and a bit of history. It’s a beautiful setting for photographs, too. The park is usually open from 6 a.m.-8 p.m.
• Google “Easter jokes for kids” to add some laughter to your Easter brunch.
• Take an Easter lily to someone who could use a visit. Bring a child along to add an extra bit of joy and to teach about caring for others.
• Read "More than a Carpenter," by Josh McDowell, to learn who Jesus is, or watch "The Chosen" on Amazon Prime.
• Kathy Myers finds joy in family, friends, faith and a fun costume closet. Whether planning gatherings, helping with a decorating project or enjoying a thought-provoking conversation, she considers Yakima a great place to live.

            Journalists at the Yakima Herald-Republic bring you timely, in-depth and credible local news.
            Your generous donation supports their work.
        
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
The Yakima Herald-Republic is hiring.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

                    Sign up to receive news and updates from this site directly to your desktop.
                

                    Click on the bell icon to manage your notifications at any time.
                
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.