The supermodel catches flights, not feelings.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny's relationship was confirmed through Gucci. The two sat in the front row at Sabato De Sarno's debut show for the brand at Milan Fashion Week—and later hard-launched their relationship in Gucci's Valigeria campaign in September.
But just as their relationship was immortalized then, so is their breakup, as seen in the latest installment of the brand's Valigeria campaign on Thursday. In it, Jenner is captured in faux paparazzi shots in what appear to be not just one but two (!) revenge outfits.
Kendall Jenner stars in the Gucci Valigeria campaign—without Bad Bunny.
In a series of images shot by Anthony Seklaoui, Jenner is at the airport (again)—this time, appearing separately from Bad Bunny. Not that the Valigeria campaign is really about the breakup—instead, the house wants to focus on travel-friendly accessories from the Gucci Savoy collection, featuring duffle bags, backpacks, rigid suitcases, and trolleys just in time for summer.
As a face for the campaign, the supermodel is styled in head-to-toe Gucci by Alastair McKimm. She proved that solo travel is the way to go in a monochrome look, including a black turtleneck with matching flared-out trousers and white boots. She accessorized with the white Gucci Jackie handbag over her shoulder, oversized sunglasses, and the house's newest Savoy duffle bag in hand.
In another photo, the 28-year-old swapped out the all-black for an oversized gray suit. She styled the co-ord with a white short-sleeved crop top underneath, exposing a slice of her midriff, and dressed up the comfy set with a pair of black loafers. She kept the same white Jackie bag in hand, along with a few Gucci travel pieces—the Savoy duffle, the Ophidia backpack, and the Cabin trolley.
The 28-year-old made an outfit change for the house's recent campaign. She swapped out her monochrome black outfit for a gray suit.
As for Bad Bunny? He's also traveling solo for Gucci. The Puerto Rican musician wore a leather jacket, black sunglasses, and a matching cap as he pushed around a stack of Gucci luggage from the new Savoy drop.
Bad Bunny appeared separately from Jenner in the Gucci Valigeria campaign.
Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny were previously photographed for the first Gucci Valigeria drop in September. The two displayed affection in images inspired by "the intimacy of traveling together." In one image, the "Monaco" singer wrapped his arms around Jenner as she sat on a tower of Gucci suitcases.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
The Kardashians star publicly dated the 30-year-old artist for seven months before reportedly calling it quits in December 2023. In January, however, the two vacationed with friends in Barbados for New Year's, with the model showing off a sheer cutout gown on Instagram.
Last year, the duo were rumored to be together at Sabato De Sarno's debut Milan Fashion Week show for the brand.
It appears that while the Gucci universe brought them together, it also confirmed the tale of their separation—but at least, they both looked great in the process.
Born and raised in Memphis, India Roby is a freelance journalist based in New York City. In 2021, India graduated from The New School with a Bachelor’s in Journalism + Design and a minor in Fashion Communication.
India’s work at Marie Claire focuses on celebrity style, shopping, and cultural deep-dives on fashion trends. She also wears many (!) other hats, with her bylines also appearing in Architectural Digest, NYLON, Highsnobiety, Harper’s Bazaar, Teen Vogue, Byrdie, The Zoe Report, Fashionista, and others. You can follow her on Instagram at @indiajde and Twitter (she refuses to call it X) at @india_roby.

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


\201cI have to be Disneyland for them."


It's time for an upgrade.


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


I can't resist following their lead.


It's chic in any zip code.


They're sure to sell out during Alo's once-a-year sale.


She owns this outfit in multiples herself.


Leave your ballet flats in your checked bag.


Get the A-list look for less.


She's going back to her roots.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.