Second time's the charm.
Tessa Petak is a Brooklyn-based writer who helps to cultivate InStyle's illustrious news coverage across a wide range of topics including celebrity, fashion, and entertainment. She also produces and composes celebrity profiles and features for the site and InStyle's digital issues.
Getty Images
 Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny are going strong ever since rekindling their romance earlier this year. The duo first sparked reconciliation rumors after they were spotted hanging out at the 2024 Met Gala (and the after-party). Now, it seems the duo is getting a second chance at love and could possibly be in for the long haul, according insiders speaking to Us Weekly.

 It was their "undeniable" chemistry that drew them back together, but the two are now "committed" to each other, one source said. Not to mention, their schedules are more aligned now.

 "They’re in a great place right now since his tour is over, and they’ve been spending time traveling around Europe together,” the insider shared.

Getty Images
 Another source told the publication that Bad Bunny—whose real name is Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio—won Kendall over by treating her "like a princess."

 “Kendall appreciates everything he does for her and how much he respects her," they said. "It’s hard to resist when a man treats you like you’re the center of his world.”

Getty Images
 In May, the two were spotted canoodling at a Met Gala after-party—and the rest is history. They've been practically attached at the hip ever since, and Jenner even made a low-key appearance backstage at one of his concerts in Orlando. In June, sources told People that the two had been missing each other and Benny has "been wanting her back" ever since they split last year.

 "[Their relationship is] going well and they're prioritizing spending time together as they figure it out," the insider said at the time. "There wasn't ever any drama in their breakup and they missed each other."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)