Your situationship won’t know what’s hit ’em x
Love it or hate it, there’s no avoiding the fact that it’s Valentine’s Day next week – and some of you are no doubt in dire need of a 2024 Valentine’s Day gift guide. Perhaps it’s your first V Day in a relationship or maybe you’re still fighting to get out of the friend zone- either way, gift buying can be tricky. If you’re buying for a friend, a lover or even your FWB this year, we’ve got plenty of thoughtful gifts in this guide that you can surprise them with.
Whether you’re shopping for a gym bunny, a foodie, or a skin care enthusiast, let your situationship be your only headache this February and let The Tab’s 2024 Valentine’s Day gift guide do the work for you.
Adidas Sambas White and Red – £90
The way to woman’s heart is a pair of Adidas Sambas. You can’t argue with this. So imagine what you’ll do to her if you come armed with a pair of these in RED on Valentine’s Day. You can get them here on JD Sports.
Lounge Kaia Intimates Basque Set – £80
PSA: It is not predictable to get red underwear for your girlfriend. It’s very, very welcome. This gorgeous set from Lounge is giving off a sexy Bridgerton vibe. It also looks great over a pair of jeans, so she’ll have lots of opportunities to wear it in and out of the bedroom. Girl maths. You can see their full Valentine’s collection here.
Stackers heart travel jewellery box – £25.50
Stackers is already the best brand out there for organising your jewellery, so what about a box for when you go away? The new heart travel jewellery box has been designed to keep treasured jewellery pieces safely stored either at home or while travelling. With personalisation options available, this makes it the perfect personal gift for a loved one, whether you’re celebrating Valentine’s or Galentine’s.
Astrid and Miyu Heart Charm Bracelet and Huggies –  £70 each
Every girl wants jewellery and nothing says Valentine’s Day like a heart charm design. Plus, look at the dinky size of these Astrid and Miyu huggies. They’re adorable. The whole set comes in silver or gold depending on what type of girlie she is. You can’t go wrong. 

Siesta Club Safari Bikini Set – £79 
It’s never too early to start getting your summer – or winter getaway – wardrobe ready. And this bikini from Siesta Club is screaming rosé in the sun. Worn by It-girls across Australia, you know the vibey design has been thoroughly vetted for maximum tanning efficiency. 
Domaine du Météore Le Cratère Sparkling Rosé – £30
If you’re going to get booze as a gift, it has to be a flex. It also has to be sexy (aka not pints). This drink is both. Le Cratère is an organic “methode champenoise” sparkling rosé wine made in limited quantities (970 bottles) from Syrah grapes. Over 10 thousand years ago a meteorite struck a hillside in Southern France and helped form, Le Cratère, a cosmic wine from another dimension. There you go, perfect for an astrology girly. You can get it here.
Fruity Booty Propose To Me 2-Piece – £72
A post shared by Fruity Booty (@fruitybooty)
If you’ve got a cool girl on your hands, she’ll be well acquainted with the underwear from Fruity Booty, the London-based it-brand powered by repurposed fabrics and sustainably sourced materials. Kendall Jenner and Matilda Djerf are fans. You can see their full playful Valentine’s collection here. But if you’re looking for something different (i.e. not lingerie) they have gorgeous slinky dresses too, like this one made from deadstock fabric.
Honey Glow resurfacing serum – £56
This night serum from Farmacy is proven to transform your skin after just one night, and tbh, she’ll probably just be glowing knowing that you understand the importance of her skincare routine. 
Love by Coach – £76
Gifting perfume to your girlfriend on Valentine’s Day is predictable yes but there’s a reason why it’s always done and that’s because literally every girl loves to receive perfume. And with Love by Coach (available at The Fragrance Shop) now she can carry your love with her everywhere she goes. I mean who doesn’t want to smell like roses and wild strawberry?
Jabra Elite 10 earbuds – £229.99
The Jabra Elite 10 earbuds come with Jabra Advanced Active Noise CancellationTM that offers up to two times more noise cancellation and auto-adjusts for what’s around you. They are the first in Jabra’s true wireless earbuds range to offer Jabra ComfortFit technology for the most natural, airy fit and less occlusion. Its semi-open design relieves ear pressure, allowing users to walk and talk in comfort. Basically, it’s a no-brainer. 
Kiwi and Co cardigan – £59.99
A post shared by Kiwi & Co (@kiwiandco_)
You simply NEED to be getting a cute, love themed cardigan to complete your winter wardrobe capsule. This bright chunky cardigan is perfect for the transitional months and the colour clash of pink and red alongside the dramatic balloon sleeves looks so dreamy.
Benefit Badgal Bang mascara – £27
This mascara is the holy grail of all eye cosmetics. In a crowded market, this provides the best big lash moments without having to faff around with falsies. You can channel your inner Priscilla Presley without having to smush a pair to your eye with a pair of tweezers or bother with glue. Buy it now from Debenhams.
Boux Avenue Amelia satin cami set – £32
Obv, underwear is in for Valentine’s. But so is satin nightwear like this super on-trend set from Boux Avenue. Sexy, chic, with a slight hint of the Love Island villa. Make her a coffee in the morning and she’ll have had the full “my type on paper” experience. 
Champion Washed Cotton Zip-Up Hoodie – £80
The downtime, the chilling, the watching TV and Deliverooing together is what life is literally about. This zip-up hoodie gives off the perfect cute and cosy vibes but with the added edge of washed-effect cotton and a (kinda sexy?) double-ended zip that can be adjusted according to your mood. You can buy it from Champion right here.
Champagne and ‘I Love You’ Giant Cookie & Brownie, both Morrisons – £12.50, £7
If you really really want to get the message across this Valentine’s Day, there’s no better way to do it than with a huge (and delicious) brownie. If cookies aren’t your thing, Morrisons has plenty of other sweet treats to choose from here. It’s only right that you get her a bottle of champagne to wash it down with too (and only £12.50 if you have a Morrisons card).
Logitech Pro X 2 Lightspeed Gaming Headset and Superlight Mouse – £249, £149 
If your man is serious about gaming then he needs this Logitech headset and mouse to elevate his set up. You might end up kicking yourself in the long run for facilitating his gaming addiction even more but at least he’ll look stylish whilst he waits for GTA 6 to finally come out.
Sauce Shop Hot Sauce Challenge set – £19.99
Ideal for a tasty dinner for two or a hot night in, this set is a fun and saucy Valentine’s gift, crafted with Sauce Shop’s signature Jalapeno and Habanero Chilli Mash, to add some spice to the celebrations. It contains a collection of five different bold hot sauces – perfect for adventurous foodies: Original Hot Sauce, Sriracha Chilli Sauce, Buffalo Hot Sauce, Habanero Hot Sauce and Habanero Ketchup.
adidas Original Gazelle Bold – £90 
The best gift you can get someone else is a gift you wouldn’t mind receiving if they regifted you and these unisex adidas Gazelle Bold in black and white are absolutely perfect. Or, you know, you and your man could just get matching pairs and be absolutely insufferable. You can get them here from JD Sports. 
Malin + Goetz Dark Rum fragrance –  £86
Obviously, scent is subjective, but this might be the fittest fragrance we’ve ever smelt. Inspired by the warmth of the Caribbean, Malin + Goetz’s dark rum range has notes of bergamot, plum, anise, leather, vanilla, amber, patchouli, and – of course – rum. It’s unisex so, you can steal a squirt too. 
Low Deck Micro Scooter – £164.95
If your man is really just a big kid at heart then he absolutely needs an adult scooter from Micro. It’s the type of the thing he wouldn’t buy for himself but will be absolutely ecstatic to own, making it the perfect gift. Now he can travel to the office in style, fingers crossed he doesn’t give you the ick whilst doing so.
Beats Fit Pro – £219.99 
Over-the-head headphones are overrated and in all honesty make everyone look like a tech bro who’s primed to “jump on a call” at any given moment. That’s why these Beats Fit Pros are the obvious choice, and they come in a range of really fun colours (purple for me pls). They’re noise cancelling and have a wingtip design making them perfect for sport and lifestyle. If he’s forgetful then you can get the earphones engraved to show everyone who they belong to, or even who he belongs to for that matter.
Adidas Elite Weight Lifting Training Gloves – £14.99
If your Valentine’s one true love is the gym, you can’t go wrong with these Adidas Elite Weight Lifting Training Gloves. Sometimes it’s ok to put your pride aside and accept second best, especially when you’re investing into your man’s glow up. With full palm padding and a double wrist strap, your beau will be able to lift heavier weights for longer, leading to better and more effective workouts. And in return, you get yourself a muscly man. It’s a win win.
Cute and Cosy Personalised Embroidered Cap and Socks – £22.90, £10.45 
If you’re looking for a gift with a personal touch this Valentine’s Day then why not opt for a personalised cap or socks. You could get embroidered your initials, the disgustingly cute nicknames you have your for each other, your pets name, a song you both love – the possibilities are endless so knock yourselves out.
Nourishing lash and brow oil, Perl – £22
For your beauty girly who doesn’t like falsies, this oil is way bigger than most at 10ml and only has natural ingredients. Plus she can use it on her eyebrows too to help promote a bold and bushy look. Lots of people on TikTok say they’ve been blown away by the results.
BondiBoost Thickening Therapy Shampoo & Conditioner – £42.00
Good friends give the gift of good hair. This volume-boosting shampoo and conditioner is designed to add bounce, natural body, and movement. So your fave girl can look her absolute best. Available at Look Fantastic.
NIO Chocolate and Coffee Cocktails Box – £35
Nothing says girlie night in like homemade cocktails, and NIO has you covered and with chocolates, too! This decadent gift box includes 16 luscious liqueur pralines and two XO Cold Brew coffee cocktails. Sit back and seduce your palate with luxurious Italian Guido Castagna hand-made chocolates and hand-mixed cocktails by our award-winning Mixologist Patrick Pistolesi.
Moisture Shield Moisturiser, Visible Youth – £65
Nothing says I love you more than a luxurious, superior face cream. Moisture Shield Moisturiser by Visible Youth combines patented Hyoglass™ Technology with detoxifying plant extracts of Dandelion and polyphenol-rich White Willow, an innovative anti-stress ingredient. It improves the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles and leaves skin looking youthful, refreshed and rested. Tick, tick, tick. 
COSRX The Vitamin C 23 Serum – £28
Vitamin C is a gift for a girly who loves a glow. The Cosrx The Vitamin C 23 Serum is a potent formula packed with all the right ingredients to breathe new life into dull, lackluster skin. This powerhouse serum is carefully infused with a huge 23 per cent pure vitamin C. 
Wine picks from experts at Kingsland drinks – prices start at £9.99
This Valentine’s, staying in is definitely the new going out. So grab some bottles of wine, and sit down with the gals. For a red, Artan Reserve Coonawarra Cabernet Sauvignon is vibrant and intense on the nose with black fruits and ripe cherry aromatics. Or for a white, Baron de Ley Rioja Blanco has refreshing citrus flavours, especially lime and grapefruit, and coriander tartness.
Van Hunks Cap Classique Brut Sparkling Wine – £20
This fizz is easy drinking, with perfect tiny bubbles – perfect for a girls’ boozy brunch. Produced using the traditional method identical to Méthode Champenoise, it is bottle fermented in small batches and matured in contact with the lees for approximately 30 months. You can get it here.
G Spot (by Gillian Anderson) drinks – £3.50 per can
Ask your gals who the biggest icon is and I’m sure at least one of them will say our sexually liberated queen, Gillian Anderson. So what better way to spend V-Day with your gals than by sipping on her drinks? Yes, Gillian Anderson has a drinks brand! G Spot is known for its sparkling, non-alcoholic, functional drinks, that merge exceptional taste with mood-boosting and science-backed ingredients. The latest flavour Arouse launched last year in partnership with Netflix’s Sex Education.
Elizabeth Scarlett Love Charm Makeup Bag – £36
The best way to ensure your gal trips actually makes it out of the group chat is buy shopping for it. It doesn’t matter if you haven’t booked it yet, hell it doesn’t matter if you haven’t even decided where you’re going yet – what is essential however is making sure you and your besties all have matching makeup bags for the trip and these Elizabeth Scarlett ones are absolutely gorgeous. You can get them personalised too so you won’t all get muddled up over whose is whose.
Paperchase Confetti Martini Glasses – £14
If you’re having Galentine’s Day cocktails, you’re going to need some cute glasses to serve them in. And nowhere has glassware vibier than Paperchase’s first-ever Valentine’s Day collection, currently on sale at Tesco. Sipping has never been more stylish, tbh. 
ASOS Love Sucks baby tee – £18 
As if you need any more evidence this T-shirt is a Valentine’s Day essential, Amelia Dimoldenberg (of Chicken Shop Date fame) has one. Wear it on Wednesday. Wear it on a bad first date. Wear it to throw eggs at your situationship’s house. A versatile piece for any occasion x 
Florrie & Bird gold pearl chain anklet – £16
You don’t need Valentine’s Day as an excuse to gift your gals jewellery, but there’s no reason why you can’t get them a little something just because. If they’ve already got plenty of rings and necklaces, why not get them an anklet? Forget friendship bracelets, anklets are definitely in for 2024. This Florrie & Bird gold pearl chain anklet is the cutest way to show your bestie you love them this V Day.
Greggs ‘The Bake Tray’ for two – £10
If you’re daring enough to send your situationship more than just a meme this Valentine’s day, Greggs is obviously the solution. The Tray Bake for Two has all the ingredients of an actual Valentine’s date, but you can pull it off as an “ironic” gesture if they start asking questions. It bypasses the awkwardness of you asking them out, as you can get the Greggs delivered straight to your bed on Uber Eats. Minimal effort but maximum, delicious reward. 
The bakes come in a bespoke luxury red box which includes: Sausage Roll, Vegan Sausage Roll, Steak Bake, Vegan Steak Bake, Chicken Bake and Sausage, Bean and Cheese Melt. Wow. It will be available via Uber Eats on Wednesday 14th February, from 11am, across various UK locations in Newcastle, Manchester, London, Glasgow, and Cardiff. More info here.
Porta 6 Sparkling Wine – £10
Sparkling wine is the perfect gift for this situation – you look boujee gifting it, you get to drink it together, but it’s cute and non-commital. And you’ll be instantly more desirable when they drink it and realise you’re a wine person with great taste. This wine is ideal as an appetiser and pairs well with all types of Valentine’s dishes; from seafood and fish to meat and pastas. Plus, it’s only a tenner. Buy it here.
Deliveroo order to get a Valentine’s freebie – min spend £15
Deliveroo has launched “Love Bites’”, a limited-edition charm necklace range that pays homage to some of the nation’s favourite restaurants available on the app, just in time for Valentine’s Day. When customers order between 7th and 14th February from certain locations, you can be in with a chance of winning a free gold necklace with the resto name written on it. Or, you just get a nice meal, it’s a win-win. More details of where is taking part here. 
Nando’s Extra Hot Hoodie – £45
Look, he loves Nando’s doesn’t he? Plus, this hoodie is unisex, so you can steal it from him and never give it back!
Monty Bojangles ‘With Love’ Bouquet of Truffles – £10 
Valentine’s Day can be the most awkward day of the year when you don’t know where you stand with someone. Should you get them a gift? Will they read too much into it? You just can’t go wrong with chocolate, everyone likes it (except weirdos) and it’s perfect for any situation – or for any situationship. So if you haven’t heard of Monty Bojangles then get to know because it is indisputably the best chocolate on the market.
Hensol Castle Wild Strawberry & Hibiscus Gin – £30
I know, I hear you – why do you need another flavoured gin in your life? But this Wild Strawberry and Hibiscus gin is sweet enough for your sweetheart whilst the unique hibiscus flavours will have them thanking you for introducing them to it. You can thank me later x
Amazonite Crystal Botanical Candle in Patchouli Oud – £16.50
All the Aphrodisiacs at The Libertine – prices vary 
There’s a reason why this is the only restaurant to make The Tab’s Valentine’s Day gift guide this year and that’s because it’s the only one worth going to. The Libertine is set in the Grade II listed vaults of the Royal Exchange and not only is it the vibiest location ever but the food is also to die for. Begin with oysters, iconic aphrodisiacs, followed by enjoying a delicious steak alongside red wine. Round off the meal with an indulgent chocolate dessert – it would be rude not to. Book a table here.
Awesome Hampers – from £44.50
The Awesome Hamper Company offers a range of luxury, delicious and beautifully packaged gifts hampers perfect for every occasion. Each hamper is designed with high quality products from hot drinks to pamper products, plus, they look great and it’ll truly look like you spent hours prepping the perfect gift. Try the Valentine’s Sweet & Chocolate Hamper for sweet lovers, or the Bathtime Pamper Hamper is an ideal luxurious treat. 
Thorntons chocolate – from £15
You simply can’t go wrong with Thorntons chocolate on Valentine’s. Try either the personalised milk chocolate heart or personalised milk chocolate truffles, both of which you can write a cute lil message on. 
An Unplugged digital detox escape – £390 
A post shared by Unplugged (@unplugged.rest)
If you want the ultimate Valentine’s experience, Unplugged – the UK’s original digital detox escape – may be the best, romantic trip. You’ll have to focus on each other, as the three-day detox sees guests lock their phones away in a lockbox for 72 hours, the optimum time required to reap the wellbeing benefits of a digital detox. Therefore, Unplugged is the perfect, romantic and secluded getaway in a gorgeous cabin – with no distractions! In the beauty of the UK’s glorious countryside, couples can enjoy 72 hours of relaxation and perfect quality time together. 
PAYST – Less than £10
Eating in is the new going out, so impress each other and yourself by cooking up a (romantic) storm with Payst. The amazing Thai sauce brand is from Sebby Homes, Michelin award-winning head chef at Farang, and has all the fun sauce essentials you need. All the individual products are under £10, and there are gift packs available, making it the perfect gift for foodies. For the ultimate chilli sauce lover, try the dipping sauce gift set which has all of them in for just £20. It slaps.
Baked by Steph ‘I still fancy you’ cookie – £10.50 
Post this to your crush’s house. Ring your former situationships bell and hand it over ceremoniously. Make whatever reckless romantic decision you want this Valentine’s Day, just make sure you get a piece of the Baked by Steph cookie you’re doing it with because they are seriously delicious. 
Valentina Hamper – £69.95
Valentina hampers are full of delicious Italian artisanal goodies, so you can enjoy a romantic dinner at home and not have to go out and be sitting next to endless tables of other couples. It includes a bottle of the classic Venetian cocktail Bellini, a bag of Italian Baci chocolates, linguine, and pasta sauce, fresh cannoli, red wine and many more traditional delicacies. Everything you could need!
Ordo Hydro Sonic Water Flosser – £44.99
Admit it, your teeth don’t always get the same self-care treatment as your face and the rest of your body. But a good old teeth clean gives you the ultimate it-girl feeling as well as a confidence boost. The new Hydro Sonic Water Flosser from Ordo is available to pre-order at £44.99 and will help you get the deepest, most effective clean. The high-performance flosser uses 2,000 water pulsations per minute to blast away plaque and food debris between the teeth and along the gum line. Plus it comes in super cute colours. Ordo offers stunning sonic toothbrushes to match too, which you can get here.
Lush Valentine’s Day gift sets – Prices start from £13 
Nothing says I love you like a bubble bath for two, or just for one for that matter. Lush is a well known and well loved brand, it’s affordable but luxurious enough that you still feel like you’re treating yourself. Their products are always so fun and the scents are next level – seriously, the smell of their Milky Bath Bubble Bar is like crack to me. So spoil yourself rotten this year with some, or all of, their Valentine’s collection – you deserve it.
adidas Originals Firebird Track Pants – £60
Yes, yes Valentine’s is another excuse to buy yourself another item of fun clothing. So if you’re only going to allow yourself to buy one thing, make it these adidas Originals Firebird Track Pants. Why? Because adidas trackies are the trousers of the moment. Adidas trackies with kitten heels, adidas trackies with Sambas, adidas trackies at festivals – I literally can’t think of a time they’re not appropriate. And this blue colour is stunning. You can buy them from JD here.
This bundle screams luxury and contains the best-selling Melt The Day Away Cleansing Balm (originally £36.00) and Nourish & Glow Superfood Facial Oil (originally £53.00). So it’s a treat for your skin, *and* a treat for your wallet when you think about it. You can get it here.
Revitalash eyelash conditioner – £129
An integral part of girlhood is the inherent want, nay need, for long, fluttery eyelashes but we both know that those eyelash extensions that you’ve been getting infilled back-to-back for the last five years are ruining both your bank account and your natural lashes alike. Kill two birds with one stone with the Revitalash eyelash conditioner – the results truly do speak for themselves.
If you’re more of a false lashes kinda girl, this lash kit features medium-volume flared lashes, a mini deluxe adhesive, and a lash applicator. They’re actually easy to apply, so they work well for first-time lash users and require no measure, no trim, and they give a gorgeous natural-looking wispy look. Get them here.
Drowsy silk eye mask – £69 
In adulthood, the best gift you could ever give anyone is a damn good night’s sleep and this Drowsy eye mask made from 100 per cent silk is pure luxury.
Hair Made Easi XL Luxury Hair Wrap – £17.95 
You’ve probably seen one of these before and been dubious as to whether you actually need one but I’m here to tell you that you absolutely do. The XL Wrap from Hair Made Easi is 100 per cent bigger than alternatives available on the market and will mean you no longer put off hair-wash-day.
lululemon Align High-Rise Pant – £88
If you’re a gym girl and looking to treat yourself this Valentine’s Day there’s basically no better way to do it than with lululemon athleisure wear. Designed for yoga, these Align High-Rise Pant leggings are so lightweight and soft you’ll be hyped to workout just to wear them. Namaste x 
Tatiana Karelina hair extensions – prices vary
If you say you’ve never fantasised about having long princess hair you’re lying. And, there’s no better place to go to make those dreams come true than to the woman who made Ariana Grande’s ponytail: Tatiana Karelina. With salons in London and Manchester this is the perfect place to get some self care pampering on Valentine’s Day and emerge with a better blow dry than Miley Cyrus at the Grammys. 
Embryolisse Lait-Crème Concentré – £13.99
If you haven’t used French pharmacy classic Embryolisse Lait-Crème Concentré before you need to take a long hard look at yourself. If your best pal/sister/mum is a clean girly she will know about this cult cream and be able to rattle off its ingredients on demand. And, if you haven’t tried it, it’s your duty to buy it now (available on Sephora). It’s quite literally the perfect moisturiser for winter (super thick and silky) and I have on very good authority that hoards of make-up artists use it as a base primer. 
COSRX Advanced Snail 96 Mucin Power Essence – £24.99 
Yes, this is made from real snails but stick with me here as it does absolute wonders for your skin. All the TikTok girlies are obsessed with it so it’s got to be good, right? Just try not to think about those rain-loving slimy little creatures when you’re applying it to your face at night. Buy your own from Boots.
SOS Night Cream – £17
If you can’t give them a romantic partner this Valentine’s, at least you can give them bouncy, well-nourished skin. SOS Night Cream has natural botanicals, vitamins, and minerals; it repairs and replenishes the skin, whilst promoting new cell turnover growth. It promises to give your skin a soothing, refreshing holiday. Sign me up.
Geske MicroCurrent Face Lifter – £39.95
This is a massage for your face that also contours and tones your skin. If that’s not the epitome of self care I don’t know what is. The MicroCurrent Face-Lifter uses top-of-the-line technologies to give you a complete facial session and a workout for your skin and face muscles. You can get one here.
Afterglow books – £8.99 each
In January 2024, Mills & Boon launched its new imprint, Afterglow Books, and nothing says self love like indulging in a romance novel. In January, it published its first two titles in the imprint, The (Fake) Dating Game by Timothy Janovsky, a steamy male-male romance tapping into the fake dating trope, and The Bookbinder’s Guide to Love by Katherine Garbera, a witchy, enemies to lovers romance with lots of spice.
Grind coffee pods – £12.75
Having a silly little coffee to start the day is the ultimate girl boss, I don’t need a man style move. Grind coffee pods make you that girl. I don’t make the rules. 
Brûler Candles – from £24
Nothing says self-love more affirmation candles to remind yourself daily that you’re that girl. Brûler Candles has ones which include slogans such as “I am energised, “I am fierce” and “I am strong”. Iconic.
Stoov heating cushions – £79.99
Girl, I know you’re always cold. So treat yourself to a heated cushion to snuggle up with when you watch Netflix, or have by your feet when you’re writing a uni essay or working from home. It’s basically all you need, no significant other to cuddle required. 
Phillips Lumea IPL 9900 – £539.99 
We’ve all been a situation where we’ve been caught short and needed to frantically shave our pits over the sink two minutes before you need to leave the house for the biggest event of the calendar year and it is a pure hellscape. The Philips Lumea IPL 9900 swaps inconvenient trips to the beauty salon for at-home comfort. It applies gentle pulses of light to hair roots, putting them to rest, resulting in a long-term reduction in the amount and regrowth of hairs. It really is a no brainer.
BetterMe Sports set – £45
This Valentine’s if you’re single, it’s time to focus on yourself. Nothing makes you feel more on top of the world than getting into a routine and doing you. The best-selling BetterMe Sports set is a body-shaping set that keeps everything in place and gives you 100 per cent confidence. The bike shorts are of perfect length and maximum comfort, and the strappy back top with classy round neckline elongates your silhouette and adds a touch of chic to your look. The brand also has a full equipment range, in loads of vibey colours, if you fancy really treating yourself. 
• If you’re given any of these Valentine’s Day presents, you’re dating a walking red flag
• Plan a Valentine’s Day and we’ll tell you if you have any right to be getting a date
• Build a celebrity friend group and we’ll tell you if you’ll be single this Valentine’s Day
Win £20 to spend at some of the UK's biggest retailers 
If only procrastination was an Olympic sport
What greater joy is there than a bit of cheap retail therapy?
Lancaster has 84.5 points to York’s 45.5
Hailee really was living the dream
Surely one of these shows will fill the Joel shaped void in your lives
The inspiration behind his x-rated name is so wholesome 
This season well and truly belonged to them
‘If you are for this Supreme Court ruling you cannot call yourself an intersectional feminist’
One is going on ski holidays
Lancaster University Professor joins Michael Portillo’s BBC series to discuss Lakeland Poets 
If only procrastination was an Olympic sport
What greater joy is there than a bit of cheap retail therapy?
Lancaster has 84.5 points to York’s 45.5
Hailee really was living the dream
Surely one of these shows will fill the Joel shaped void in your lives
The inspiration behind his x-rated name is so wholesome 
This season well and truly belonged to them
‘If you are for this Supreme Court ruling you cannot call yourself an intersectional feminist’
One is going on ski holidays
Lancaster University Professor joins Michael Portillo’s BBC series to discuss Lakeland Poets 
Entertainment | Hayley Soen
Entertainment | Hayley Soen
Entertainment | Harrison Brocklehurst
Entertainment | Charl Wright
Entertainment | Hayley Soen
Trends | Kieran Galpin
Entertainment | Hayley Soen
Entertainment | Claudia Cox
Entertainment | Ellissa Bain
Entertainment | Harrison Brocklehurst