By SARAH SOTOODEH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:58, 14 June 2024   |  Updated:  22:06, 14 June 2024   
 40
View  comments
Kendall Jenner showcased her incredible model figure in a string bikini while posing on a yacht off the coast of Mallorca.
The cover girl shared the images to her Instagram page on Friday, with the caption simply naming the location - Mallorca.
The stunning model, 28, wore a simple black triangle top with matching string bottoms, adding a scarf tied elegantly over her brunette locks.
She posed on the yacht in the black and white image, as with the Mediterranean Sea seen in the background.
Kendall also posed in her bikini while enjoying a stroll around Mallorca - wearing her scarf now around her waist.
Kendall Jenner showcased her incredible model figure in a string bikini while posing on a yacht off the coast of Mallorca
The cover girl shared the images to her Instagram page on Friday, with the caption simply naming the location - Mallorca
She carried a large woven tote bag over one shoulder and showed off her necklaces and bangles in the snap.
Kendall flashed her flat midriff in the image, with her head turned away from the camera. 
The brunette beauty also posted a snap of herself in a white tube top and ombre maxi skirt - as she posed next to a stone building.
One week prior, Kendall shared a stunning image from the boat while wearing a beautiful purple gown. 
The star opted to go braless in the skintight maxi gown, with the sunset behind her and the yacht. 
Kylie was also on the holiday with Kendall, and the sister duo shared an adorable moment while in the car with their pals.
Kylie shared the video, which was of the two of them enjoying drinks in the car while listening to Billie Eilish's new album: Hit Me hard and Soft.
They sang along to her song L'Amour de Ma Vie, which means 'The Love of my life' in French. 
They also posed for snap together - with the sisters giving their best model pose.
The brunette beauty also posted a snap of herself in a white tube top and ombre maxi skirt - as she posed next to a stone building
One week prior, Kendall shared a stunning image from the boat while wearing a beautiful purple gown
Kylie wore a low-cut red tank top and minimal makeup, while Kendall donned a cream colored tube top.
Kendall rekindled her romance with ex-boyfriend Bad Bunny in May - five months after they called it quits in December 2023.
They 'missed each other' according to People's insiders.
Kendall and Bad Bunny were seen cozied up together at a Met Gala after party in early May followed by dinner outings in Miami.
She was seen enjoying his shows backstage. 
The Puerto Rican rapper was in Miami for his concert and Kendall and him enjoyed a romantic dinner after one of his shows.
They were seen sneaking out of a hotel together in Florida. 
Kylie was also on the holiday with Kendall, and the sister duo shared an adorable moment while in the car with their pals
Kylie shared the video, which was of the two of them enjoying drinks in the car while listening to Billie Eilish's new album: Hit Me hard and Soft
They sang along to her song L'Amour de Ma Vie, which means 'The Love of my life' in French
They also posed for snap together - with the sisters giving their best model pose
Kendall rekindled her romance with ex-boyfriend Bad Bunny in May - five months after they called it quits in December 2023
'They always had this crazy attraction to each other. Things are great again,' the insider added.
Kendall and Bad Bunny were most recently seen in Puerto Rico in mid-June at a restaurant enjoying an intimate dinner together.
They were first linked in February 2023 and were inseparable, with their relationship going from strength to strength - before they broke up in December 2023. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group