By BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:21, 15 October 2024   |  Updated:  08:50, 15 October 2024   
 12
View  comments
Matt Smith fired a gun before being held back by his co-star Austin Butler as they filmed scenes for their new movie Caught Stealing in New York on Monday.  
The 33-year-old Butler and 41-year-old Smith were spotted on the set on Monday, alongside director Darren Aronofsky.
In one tense moment, former Doctor Who star Smith was seen aiming a gun at an unseen target with a furious look on his face.
The actor also sported an enormous fake bruise on his forehead along with very colorful ensemble. 
Earlier this month, Butler was spotted kissing his co-star Zoe Kravitz while production continued in the Big Apple.
Matt Smith fired a gun before being held back by his co-star Austin Butler as they filmed scenes for their new movie Caught Stealing in New York on Monday
In one tense moment, former Doctor Who star Smith was seen aiming a gun at an unseen target with a furious look on his face
The actor also sported an enormous fake bruise on his forehead along with very colorful ensemble
The 33-year-old Butler and 41-year-old Smith were spotted on the New York City set on Monday, alongside director Darren Aronofsky (center)
He also carried a black coat and was also spotted shooting scenes inside a primer grey car with Smith on Monday
While filming on Monday, Butler was seen wearing a turquoise dress shirt with dark grey jeans and black Puma sneakers.
He also carried a black coat and was also spotted shooting scenes inside a primer grey car with Smith on Monday.
Butler also took a load off while sitting in a camera rig at one point between takes on the adaptation of Charlie Huston's 2005 novel of the same name. 
Smith however rocked a much different look, punctuated by the colorful yellow and maroon mohawk on his head.
He also wore a drab grey overcoat with markings all over it, under a black t-shirt with ripped flannel jeans and black combat boots.
Between takes Smith wore a red and black flannel sweater as he chatted with his co-star Butler in their on-set chairs.
They were filming at the Flushing Meadows–Corona Park in Queens, with the iconic Unisphere structure (created for the 1964 World Fair) seen in the background.
One of the shots they were filming involved both Butler and Smith running away from their grey car for some reason. 
The film follows former baseball player named Hank Thompson (Butler), who finds him embroiled in the criminal underbelly of New York City in the 1990s.
Smith joined the cast back in August, though it's unclear what character he will be portraying in the film. 
Butler also took a load off while sitting in a camera rig at one point between takes on the adaptation of Charlie Huston's 2005 novel of the same name
Smith however rocked a much different look, punctuated by the colorful yellow and maroon mohawk on his head
He also wore a drab grey overcoat with markings all over it, under a black t-shirt with ripped flannel jeans and black combat boots
Between takes Smith wore a red and black flannel sweater as he chatted with his co-star Butler in their on-set chairs
They were filming at the Flushing Meadows–Corona Park in Queens, with the iconic Unisphere structure (created for the 1964 World Fair) seen in the background
One of the shots they were filming involved both Butler and Smith running away from their grey car for some reason
The film follows former baseball player named Hank Thompson (Butler), who finds him embroiled in the criminal underbelly of New York City in the 1990s
Smith joined the cast back in August, though it's unclear what character he will be portraying in the film
The cast also includes Liev Schreiber, Griffin Dunne, Vincent D'Onofrio, Regina King and Bad Bunny
Aronofsky will direct from an adapted screenplay written by author Huston himself, with Aronofsky producing with Jeremy Dawson, Dylan Golden and Ari Handel
Sony Pictures will be distributing the film though there is no indication when it will be eyed for release
Butler is coming off Dune: Part Two and Masters of the Air, while Smith is coming off Season 2 of HBO's House of the Dragon
Butler and Smith looked in good spirits as they chatted between takes 
The cast also includes Liev Schreiber, Griffin Dunne, Vincent D'Onofrio, Regina King and Bad Bunny.
Aronofsky will direct from an adapted screenplay written by author Huston himself, with Aronofsky producing with Jeremy Dawson, Dylan Golden and Ari Handel.
Sony Pictures will be distributing the film though there is no indication when it will be eyed for release.
Butler is coming off Dune: Part Two and Masters of the Air, while Smith is coming off Season 2 of HBO's House of the Dragon. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group