ByRachel Elspeth Gross
ByRachel Elspeth Gross,
 Contributor. 
Cate Blanchett as Lilith, Ariana Greenblatt as Tiny Tina, Kevin Hart as Roland, Florian Munteanu as Krieg and  Jamie Lee Curtis as Tannis in Borderlands. Photo Credit: Courtesy of Lionsgate
I loved this movie. I’ve made a bunch of my girlfriends watch it, and though there’s a certain sector of the internet who won’t like this, in my friend group, we now call it “The Lilith Movie.”
It only seems fair to say from the start that I am not a gamer. I have never played the video game Borderlands, though I did watch a bunch of Youtube videos about in as part of my research for this article. That idea was not my own, it came out of the conversation I had with Daniel Orlandi, the brilliant costume designer for this project.
Costume designers rarely get the name recognition that other roles in film making receive. But if you are a movie lover, or even if you’ve only seen a movie or two here and there, I can guarantee that you have seen Orlandi’s work. The Da Vinci Code, Cinderella Man, Saving Mr. Banks, Trumbo, Logan, Down With Love, Venom: The Last Dance; these are all films that Orlandi has costumed, among many, many others.
“The best thing about working in the movies,” Orlandi told me, “is that it's always different. And when this script came to me, I thought, ‘I've never done anything like this before.’ That's what makes it exciting and scary and challenging and fun.” I asked him how he starts a project, and learned that for him, it's a process that always begins the same way; read the script and do the research. “I'd never played the game before,” Orlandi said, “I'm not a gamer. But I watched lots of YouTube videos of people playing the game, which was actually really fun.”
An original character sketch by Daniel Orlandi for the Borderlands movie.
Then he starts to draw. “Quick sketches,” Orlandi explained. “I'm figuring it out. I’m thinking, ‘how is this going to be made? What should it be? What should the portion be?’ We have illustrators that do computer illustrations.” The drawings are his way of getting a feel for the characters, it seems to help him start to plan what will eventually be flushed out on screen.
Orlandi always knew he wanted to design. As a child he would watch movies and then make little sets, draw the characters. “My dad would get mad at me because I'd use his shirt cardboards,” Orlandi told me. “He'd say, ‘only after I've used the shirt can you have the shirt cardboard.’ And then I went to theater school.” One of the first movies he worked on was The Fan (1996), starring Robert DeNiro. “He taught me that every detail of the costume is important.” This led to more work, some from recommendations, though of course, in this writer’s opinion, Orlandi’s impressive skill set probably helped to set him apart.
Borderlands has quite the impressive cast and crew. Directed by Eli Roth, it was filmed during Covid in Budapest. Due to the source material, and the truncated timetable, the film is what Jamie Lee Curtis has called “a one outfit movie.” But dear reader, please do not think that this simplifies the job for a costume designer. “They [the costumes] have to be practical for someone to wear through the whole movie and do all the things that they have to do,” Orlandi explained. “Some of the characters we made were very close to the game characters. Some of the characters are a little different. Cate Blanchett's character of Lilith has the essence of Lilith, but it's different.” If you haven’t seen the film, and don’t worry, no spoilers, Blanchett probably has more costumes than any other character, though even she has less than five.
Cate Blanchett as Lilith in Borderlands. Photo Credit: Courtesy of Lionsgate
Much of this work was done in Budapest. “We were there before I could even get a vaccine,” Orlandi said. “We had to make almost everything there. We got a few things sent in. We made Cate's chainmail hoodie in Los Angeles. A crafts maker that I know made that for us. But, you know, just sending it back and forth and back and forth became so difficult.”
As in any large scale production, a costume designer has a team, and some work is outsourced to specialists. “There are amazing craftspeople in Budapest,” Orlandi told me, “leather workers and a special effects costume house.” Director Eli Roth’s wife, Vittoria Buraschi, worked in the costume department on the film. “She speaks Italian. I had some sources in Italy and it was great because she could speak Italian to them. We got Kevin Hart’s sweater made in Italy. We made the pattern, sent it to them. They knit it a sample and then it was then we painted it and dyed it and then sent it back. And they corrected it.” It was a novel challenge, having to do everything through FedEx. Orlandi didn’t mind, he made it work, “Every film has its challenges. And that was our challenge. But you know what? It made us that much more creative.”
Director Eli Roth and the Psycho Bandits from Borderlands.  Photo Credit: Katalin Vermes
The Psycho Bandits, some of the bad guys in this movie, were given as much attention as the main characters, even though they are mostly nameless background characters. Except Krieg, of course. The production design end of this created a bevy of armored vehicles, all ugly and warlike, though none as unattractive as a Cybertruck. For Orlandi, it was another interesting, fun puzzle to work out. “It seemed like we had hundreds of them,” he told me. “One of our craftspeople' s dad had an auto repair shop. She brought in all this stuff that was in the garbage that we banged together. We found this amazing young artist who had a painting in a vintage shop that I went to. I asked about the painting and the woman said he was a set designer and a painter.” Orlandi asked if they thought he could be persuaded to paint some of the Psycho costumes. “He did, and he did an amazing job. Sort of Basquiat inspired.” When I asked for his name, Orlandi knew it immediately. It’s Mark Kinman, if any of my lovely readers would like to see more of his work.
Kevin Hart as Roland, Jamie Lee Curtis as Tannis, Ariana Greenblatt as Tiny Tina, Florian Munteanu as Krieg, and Cate Blanchett as Lilith in Borderlands. Photo Credit: Courtesy of Lionsgate
Besides the realities of filmmaking, the actors are always at the forefront of Orlandi’s mind when he’s designing. He takes his role in any production very seriously. “I never want to make an actor feel uncomfortable,” he said. “I'm there to help them make the character. And when you find the character, it's so thrilling for them and for you. It might be one little thing.” From the characters to the vehicles and sets, almost everything for this film had to be made. As Orlandi succinctly put it, “because none of it exists in real life. So we made everything. And Eli wanted it to look Fellini-esque. As a matter of fact, we have somebody dressed in a bar scene as a character from the film Spirits of the Dead.” It's a 1968 anthology film, Fellini directed the third section.
Roland (am I the only person who kept thinking about Charlemagne and the Battle of Roncevaux Pass?) Krieg, Tiny Tina, Lilith, most of the main characters are from the Borderlands game. “Atlas,” Orlandi explained, “is maybe the only character created specifically for this project. And there's a character from the Crimson Lance who now has a name, Krieg,” that character is played by actor and boxer Florian Munteanu. “Atlas [Edgar Ramirez] is the head of the corporation in the game. But we never see him. We wanted him to be in the movie. There was a lot of discussion about how he should look,” Orlandi told me. “We just made him sort of this futuristic businessman with a cool suit that we had made in Budapest.”
Daniel Orlandi's original character sketch of the Lilith character for the Borderlands movie.
The best costume designers, Orlandi obviously included, work with their actors, take their concerns and ideas seriously. After all, costumes are more than decoration, they are tools to help a performer step into a character, to become them. “I love the fittings with the actors because you get their input,” Orlandi explained. “With Cate and her fitting, she said, ‘oh, do you think it could have fur?’ I'm like, yes, yeah, that's a good idea.” Blanchett was in London for the first fitting, Orlandi sent pieces to her (more mail) and they met over Zoom. “We had to test the pants and the boots to make sure she could move in them.” I asked him what the most difficult part of Lilith’s costume was. “Figuring out how to make that chainmail hoodie,” he said. “It was quite daunting because you can't really taper chain mail. But we figured out a way to do it, that we held it all in in the right place. The studio liked it immediately, the director, like the producers, and she was happy from our first fitting. It never really changed very much.”
The fact that he was bringing beloved characters to life was always on Orlandi’s mind. He very much wanted to please the dedicated, existing fan base. For costuming, Orlandi explained “it's like finding a jigsaw puzzle piece, the one piece that fits in to make it all come together. We made her look very much the essence of Lilith. The costume that Lilith has in the game changes, Lilith has different costumes in the different iterations.”
Daniel Orlandi's original character sketch of the Tiny Tina character for the Borderlands movie.
While I was watching the film, I kept thinking about Tiny Tina and Krieg, their fraternal relationship, and how different they are while still having that sibling-like bond. “She’s amazing,” Orlandi said of Ariana Greenblatt, the actress who plays Tiny Tina. “You know,” he reminded me, “from Barbie. She's pretty close to the game character physically.” The biggest challenge? “We had to come up with a place for her to have the bombs. I came up with the idea that she had a little raincoat. Before she came to town, I had done some little sketches. Until she came to the first fitting, it was getting all the proportions right.” The costume worked, “it was zany enough. You know, in the first fitting photos, everything's pinned. There were different shoes that she tried on because she wears two different shoes. And there was a sleeve and it was like, oh, yeah, it's a little too much. And the bunny ears. It was so much fun.”
Who was the most difficult character to dress? “Tannis was probably the hardest character to come up with a costume for,” Orlandi said. The character, played by Jamie Lee Curtis, is a scientist who’s obviously neurodivergent. “We wanted the character,” he said. “The first things that we came up with were based on the character in the game, but they just seemed weird and sort of almost revolutionary war looking. Finally came up with a plan. I think she was very comfortable and it really worked. She's got those really stylized glasses. In the game, she has those glasses, but that's about the only thing.”
Cate Blanchett as Lilith, Kevin Hart as Roland, Ariana Greenblatt as Tiny Tina, Florian Munteanu as Krieg and  Jamie Lee Curtis as Tannis in Borderlands. Photo Credit: Katalin Vermes
Before we ended our conversation, I asked Orlandi about the power of costumes, and what he thinks they add to a production. “As a costume designer, we can set the time,” he explained. “You know, 2000 years in the future, 100 years ago, we determine where and when they are. Sometimes we're almost like psychologists for the character. And in this film, we really did that. I want people to go and enjoy the film and have a good time. It's a wild ride. It's funny. There's a lot of action. And there's a lot of heart in it as well, which you don't see in the trailer.” He’s absolutely right, this film has so much heart. Personally? I think it should have been the biggest blockbuster of the summer. I hope more women watch it, I’d bet they’d love Borderlands [The Lilith Movie] as much as I did.
Borderlands is now available on demand.