Universal Pictures/Sony Pictures
Getting the call from Marvel Studios is likely a dream for many actors, especially as far as their bank accounts are concerned.
So, when the agents of Dakota Johnson and Sydney Sweeney approached them about starring in Madame Web, they likely pitched the project as exactly that: a chance to join the Marvel Cinematic Universe and headline a Spider-Man spinoff.
The only problem is, however, Madam Web isn’t in the MCU at all, but rather, Sony’s Spider-Man Universe of Marvel characters
In a viral tweet on Twitter, the reactions of of Johnson, Sweeney, and former El Muerto star Bad Bunny (he was signed up to star in the film but Sony canceled it) all appeared to think they were joining the proper Marvel Cinematic Universe and not… whatever it is that Sony is doing with their bizarre Spider-Man-less Spider-Man spinoffs.
Sweeney, for example, tagged Marvel Studios in her Instagram post confirming that she had been cast in the film. Johnson did the same, tagging Marvel Studios alongside Sony Pictures.
Bad Bunny, on the other hand, told GQ for a cover story that he is “a Marvel fan and the fact that I’m now part of this family, still feels like a dream.”
Omg they ALL thought they were joining the MCU ☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️ pic.twitter.com/lxO5d0wwrk
— Monkee D. Hernandy (@hernandy_s) January 29, 2024
Furthermore, perhaps coincidentally, perhaps related, Johnson left her agency WME in favor of CAA just a week after the first Madame Web trailer was released.
Johnson certainly hasn’t been shy about the film’s potential prospects (or lack thereof), as she made a joke about it while hosting Saturday Night Live, saying the film is “like if AI created your boyfriend’s favorite movie.”
In addition to the starring duo of Johnson and Sweeney, Madame Web also stars Isabela Merced, Emma Roberts, Celeste O’Connor, Adam Scott, Tahar Rahim, Zosia Mamet, Mike Epps, and more. The film will be released in movie theaters on Valentine’s Day, February 14.
Check out the official trailer for Madame Web below.