As filming for the fourth Bridget Jones instalment is due to start in spring, now’s the time to question if she’s really the right antiheroine for our age
In news that had us reaching for our granny pants, Bridget Jones is making a comeback. Renée Zellweger, now 54, is reclaiming the titular role of dear ‘Bridge’, the Central London home-owning book publisher turned TV presenter we’re expected to feel sorry for because she’s in her thirties and single. Bridget’s latest outing, thought to be a loose adaptation of Helen Fielding’s 2013 novel Mad About the Boy which follows on from The Edge of Reason, is already being touted as a hit before filming has even begun.
“Bridget is back,” a breathlessly excited insider told Daily Mail. “And is about to take over London.” Okay, yes, Bridget Jones, her bunny costume and her blue soup may hold a special place in our hearts, but effectively, we know she’s a figure from a bygone era. The first film was released all the way back in 2001, which was a completely different (and often quite troubling) time in terms of popular culture – the super slender frames of heroin chic were celebrated, sexism was scandal-free and having your boss grab your arse in a lift was just a lark as opposed to a tribunal waiting to happen.
Even the central storyline behind Bridget Jones’s Diary (‘tragic spinster’ desperate to find love who finds herself caught between the affections of high-powered men) seems at odds with the ‘girl power’ of the Cool Britannia era. Yes, Bridget may be downing shots and dancing to Chaka Khan’s 'I’m Every Woman' but she’s still longing to be a bride and ditches her gang of gal pals and their group trip to Paris just to moon after Mark Darcy (v v annoying, as Bridge would say).
Maybe we’re deliberately missing the point a bit; Fielding’s original Bridget Jones’s Diary newspaper column from the 1990s was meant to be a silly and satirical look at Middle England. Of course, Bridget, who is well-to-do and well-liked in equal measure, isn’t really a pathetic figure. But this subtlety of the satire did not translate very well to the big screen. Instead, the slapstick is ramped up for full effect: Bridget is presented as some sort of fat, frazzled muppet, with her obsessive calorie counting and weight checks seen as some cute, funny foible instead of what it is: a rancid by-product of obsessive diet culture.
Bridget Jones harks back to a time where thinness equated cultural capital and success. In memorable scenes, Victoria Beckham was celebrated on TFI Friday back in 1999 when Chris Evans made her step on some scales on live TV to see if she had ‘snapped back into shape’ after having baby Brooklyn. Victoria was applauded (or rather, she was told it was ‘not bad’) that she weighed eight stone. In a similar vein, Bridget Jones’s perfect weight is reached when she’s having the most success in her life (which she considers to be when she’s in a relationship). When she’s seeing Daniel Cleaver, her weight drops due to all the sex she’s having – but when they break up, her weight increases, which she jokes about by having a ‘simultaneous relationship with two men – Ben and Jerry’.
Instead, Bridget’s body is constantly surveyed by characters. Daniel Cleaver’s secret girlfriend Natasha asks him: “I thought you said she was thin?” when Bridget discovers her naked in the bathroom. There’s a collective state of disbelief between Bridget and her pals that Mark Darcy likes Bridget “just the way she is.”
“What, not… thinner?” her best mate, Jude, asks, while huffing on a cigarette.
This is not a particularly new or fresh criticism levelled at Bridget Jones. Richard Curtis, one of the writers of the film’s screenplay, has since apologised for the rampant fatphobia in the film series. “I remember how shocked I was five years ago when Scarlett [his daughter] said to me, ‘You can never use the word ‘fat’ again.’ Wow, you were right,” he said at the Cheltenham Literature Festival. “In my generation calling someone chubby [was funny]. Those jokes aren’t any longer funny. I think I was unobservant and not as clever as I should have been.”
But the apology doesn’t unpick the damage that has been sewn into our collective psyche that a certain weight is fat. Over 20 years on since the first film, whenever I weigh myself, I automatically think: “How much more do I weigh than Bridget?” She wasn’t intended to be seen as a fat loser – but Bridget Jones is almost synonymous with this identity, and it just underlines how old-fashioned and irrelevant this character is in 2024.
Things have massively moved on from Bridget Jones and the sheltered world she occupies. The dating landscape has also vastly changed, thanks to the mundane dystopia orchestrated by dating apps. Yes, there’s still plenty of alcoholics, workaholics, commitment phobes, peeping toms, megalomaniacs, emotional fuckwits and perverts out there, but you’re in no way a tragic spinster if you don’t want to date any of them at all. Singlehood, instead, is being embraced and even celebrated; data from the Office of National Statistics revealed that for the first time a majority of adults aged 30-34 are now unmarried, rising from 49.2 in 2011 to 58.9 per cent in 2021. Relationships, on the whole, are now viewed in a more pragmatic, transactional lens – we swipe on an app, we date, and we’re ghosted: it’s pretty hard to find precisely one man at a time to be genuinely interested in us, let alone two so devoted they’re willing to throw fists in fountains about it.
Bridget Jones’s Diary is a classic, and we can still enjoy the films with a degree of understanding it was a different, less PC time, and that a woman who weighs slightly more than nine stone is certainly not fat. However, it’s time to retire that character – and bring in a fresh new voice not ladened with unwanted baggage from the 90s.
Kimberley Bond is a Multiplatform Writer for Harper’s Bazaar, focusing on the arts, culture, careers and lifestyle. She previously worked as a Features Writer for Cosmopolitan UK, and has bylines at The Telegraph, The Independent and British Vogue among countless others.
I had to fight for breast reduction surgery at 17
Proof that your 'big nipples' are totally normal 
7 health goals that don't involve weight loss
'Please don’t call my weight loss a glow up'
Proof that every vagina (yours included) is normal
'Everything I learnt at the Big Bosom Brunch'
Please stop with the whole 'slim arm' thing
Shout out to M&S's new stoma-friendly underwear
30 photos of celebs normalising breastfeeding
Hailey just slayed a bump photoshoot in her pants
Is Love Island doing more than school sex ed?
Love Island contestants' looks shouldn't be mocked
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.