The award-winning performer and soccer icon partner to release a special collection of Adidas Gazelles and F50s 
The award-winning performer and soccer icon partner to release a special collection of Adidas Gazelles and F50s 
Puerto Rican superstar Bad Bunny and Argentine soccer legend Lionel Messi have joined forces for an adidas collaboration like no other.
The Bad Bunny & Messi Collection by adidas aims to celebrate the undeniable and harmonious connection between music and sport, two unwavering passions that have united fans across the world for decades, while paying homage to the individual legacies of both the musician and sports legend and adidas’ place in cultural history.
What does the collaboration consist of? Two shoes are offered as a part of the collection: the Bad Bunny & Messi F50 will be available globally, while the Bad Bunny & Messi Gazelle will be available exclusively in North & South America. With Messi having sported the Adidas F50 throughout his soccer career, and Bad Bunny having also participated in the Gazelle’s transition from indoor soccer wear to a more casual lifestyle sneaker, it’s a no-brainer selection for the two icons.
Having been a longtime fan of Messi, Bad Bunny, whose real name is Benito Martinez Ocasio, has shared his own sentiments about the icon long before coming together in this collection, even mentioning him five times in his most recent album: Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana. “Messi’s last name has become its own word, a synonym for greatness, courage and heart,” Bad Bunny notes in a statement.  “Watching him play with the passion he does is a privilege. I compare the love he feels for his country and his sport to the love I feel for music and Puerto Rico. Collaborating with him is an honor that so many people dream of and I never even imagined I could achieve it. Today, I feel so grateful to be able to represent our culture with the GOAT.”
To go along with the Bad Bunny x Messi Collection, adidas will also be releasing the “La Voz De Los Fans” campaign, which captures the intense and emotional passion that fans of both stars share for their heroes. As a part of the campaign, Bad Bunny and Messi appear in a short film, where they read excerpts from a letter taken from words written by fans via Instagram, Youtube and  X (formerly Twitter).
“This campaign celebrates our fans,” notes Messi in a statement. “Seeing people who follow me and support me does more than just inspire me, it makes me feel very grateful. I always try to give everything I have on the pitch, so it’s great to see that there are people who appreciate that effort and always support me, even in bad times.”
Sign-ups for the unique partnership will be available on the Adidas CONFIRMED app and on the Adidas flagship app with the collection being available in adidas flagship stores starting Friday, October 26th. 
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!