Tony Hinchcliffe is a forever OPP.
Source: Sarah Stier / Getty
Trump rallies have hit yet another low with some disgusting remarks made against Puerto Rico. In turn Bad Bunny, Jennifer Lopez, Ricky Martin and others have endorsed Kamala Harris.
As spotted on Variety Magazine the recent Donald Trump rally in New York City spewed various vulgar racist insults and wild untruths throughout the six-hour long event. Comedian Tony Hinchcliffe opened up the festivities with jokes aimed at several communities including Mexicans, Jews and more. His hack routine included some disparaging and very alarming lines aimed at Puerto Rico. “There’s a lot going on. I don’t know if you know this, but there’s literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. I think it’s called Puerto Rico” he said. The vulgar remarks were met with very little laughter prompting the crowd to sit through another awkward moment.
Trump rally speaker goes on vile racist tirade against Latinos pic.twitter.com/PuEjn2lLQF
— Kamala HQ (@KamalaHQ) October 27, 2024
Naturally his vile commentary soon went viral and was deemed by hate speech by Latinos and others alike. Immediately after Bad Bunny took to Instagram and shared a reel from Kamala Harris reminding us all that Donald Trump not only blocked aid to the island after Hurricane Maria but disparaged Puerto Ricans via crass insults. Jennifer Lopez also shared the same clip to her Instagram Story and also posted Madame Vice President’s proposed economic plan for the PR. Singer Ricky Martin also endorsed Harris via his social media saying he also “remembers” how Trump failed to have compassion for Puerto Ricans after facing the deadliest and costliest hurricane to strike the island.
Latino politicians also voiced their displeasure. New York congressman Ritchie Torres also to X, formerly Twitter to call out the struggle podcaster. “As a Puerto Rican, I am tempted to call Hinchcliffe racist garbage but doing so would be an insult to garbage. When casting their ballots at the voting booth, Latinos should never forget the racism that Donald Trump seems all too willing to platform.”
While citizens of Puerto Rico can’t vote, Puerto Ricans have heavy concentration in several swing states including North Carolina, Florida, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan. You can find out where you can vote early here. 


Bad Bunny, JLO & Ricky Martin Endorse Kamala Harris After Trump Rally Puerto Rico Disrespect 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Six Flags America to Permanently Close After 2025 Season								

									LISTEN LIVE								

									The Biggest News Stories Of 2025								

									Here Are Some Notable Moments Of Black Culture In 2025								

									Iggy Azalea Sex Tape Leaked [VIDEO]								

									What’s Happening In Baltimore: Top Stories You Need to Know in 2025								

									Wale featuring Rihanna "Bad" Remix [FULL SONG, POLL]								

									Cinco De Breezy Weekend: Your Chance To Win Tickets To See Chris Brown!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.