By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
From superstars to basketball players. If you’re keeping up with Kendall Jenner’s boyfriend and dating history, you probably know that there’s a lot of ground to cover.
The 818 Founder is awfully quiet about her relationships, but it seems that she’s dating one of the biggest stars to date. In an interview with Harper’s Bazaar, she talked about her perspective on relationships and why she rarely goes public with her partners. “There’s nothing long-term or serious like that in my life. If I’m not fully, fully in it with someone, why would I make it public to everyone else? If I don’t even know what it is, why would I let the world know?” she explained.
Related: 
The model continued, “I think it’s something sacred. It’s something between two people, and nobody else’s opinion needs to be involved in it. People want to start drama. If I had a boyfriend, people are going to say all this stuff that’s probably going to cause us to break up.” So who’s Kendall Jenner’s boyfriend? Read more below to find out.
Romances past and present. 
Fans of Keeping Up with the Kardashians may recognize Brooks, Jenner’s high school boyfriend who she dated for a year when she was 17. The couple, who met at Los Angeles’s Sierra Canyon School, broke up in 2013 after Brooks moved away to college and Jenner suspected he was cheating. Brooks went on to become a wide receiver for the University of Nevada’s Nevada Wolf Pack. “He would disappear for days and not answer Kendall’s text messages,” a source told Star magazine. “[She] couldn’t live with the doubt.”
Rumor has it that Jenner moved on to rapper Young Jinsu soon after her breakup with Brooks. The rumored relationship, which lasted a “few months,” was controversial because of Jenner and Jinsu’s age difference. Jenner was 17, while Jinsu was 21. Rumors started after Jinsu posted an Instagram of what fans believe to be his and Jenner’s hands making a heart. Jenner’s sister Kylie Jenner posted the same picture on her Instagram. “They have that spark right now—they’re just really feeling each other,” a source told People. “They’re not putting it out there yet.”
However, it looks like Jenner didn’t see the relationship as official. Soon after the news broke that she and Jinsu were dating, the E! personality took to her Twitter to deny that she was in a relationship with anyone. “Enough with the rumors! I’m single, people,” Jenner tweeted.
Jenner and Styles were rumored to be in an on-again, off-again relationship, which started in the winter of 2013. Rumors started when the two were seen leaving a restaurant together in November 2013. A couple months later, they were seen together again at California’s Mammoth Mountain, where they were spotted skiing and snowboarding. “Kendall snowboarded and Harry skied. They were very cute together. There was a lot of flirting and smiling going on,” a source told People. “Harry was a gentleman and even offered to carry Kendall’s snowboard to the ski lift.” However, a few months into their relationship, the young romance seemed to fizzle out. (“Things never got serious,” a source told People.)
Rumors started again in December 2015 when the two were seen having dinner and kissing on a yacht in Anguilla—then St. Barts. Jenner’s sister Khloé Kardashian even confirmed that the two were casually seeing each other. “They were hanging out together. Do I think they’re dating? Yes. I don’t know if they’re like boyfriend-girlfriend. Nowadays, I don’t know, people are weird with stuff. So I don’t know their ‘title,’” she told Entertainment Tonight. But I mean, they were in St. Barts together hanging out, so to me that’s dating. I would call that dating.”
The two were seen together several times in 2017 before their romance ended again. It’s also rumored that Styles’s debut solo album, Harry Styles, which he released in 2017, is about his model ex. “Sometimes you want to tip the hat, and sometimes you just want to give them the whole cap … and hope they know it’s just for them,” he told Rolling Stone.
In the time that Jenner and Styles were broken up, rumors circled that she was dating NBA player Chandler Parsons. Rumor has it that they dated in the summer of 2014 after Jenner’s mom, Kris Jenner, set the two up. “Mama Kris met Chandler a few weeks ago and was blown away by not only his good looks, but his promising B-ball future,” a source told the Daily Mail.
However, Parsons, a player for the Dallas Mavericks, denied the rumors, telling Chelsea Handler that the two simply share the same personal trainer and went to eat once with a group. “It’s kind of a long story. I train with Gunnar Peterson here in L.A. She works out before me, so I kind of just got to know her, and then we had dinner. And the next thing I know I was on TMZ,” Parsons said. “It was more of a group activity.” (Fun fact: Parsons was also rumored to have dated Jenner’s best friend, Hailey Baldwin.)
Jenner sparked rumors that she was dating British race car driver Lewis Hamilton in the summer of 2015 after she was seen wearing the driver’s chain in a group picture with Lewis at one of his races. Hamilton, who considers Jenner’s mom, Kris Jenner, a close friend, was seen again with the model later that year at New York Fashion Week—though he denies that they were dating. “Me and Kendall have been friends for a while, so we’re just friends,” Hamilton told E! News.
Jenner was also linked to the Pirates of the Caribbean star in the summer of 2015. Two years after his divorce from Miranda Kerr, Bloom moved on to another model. He and Jenner were seen on a string of dates, including movies and sushi, in Los Angeles. Jenner was 19 at the time, while Bloom was 38. “The age difference doesn’t seem to bother them although it’s far too early for either to tell if it’s going to develop into something serious,” a source told The Sun.
While accepting the Britannia Humanitarian Award in October 2015, Bloom addressed the rumors, denying that he has dated—or even knows—Jenner. “And I don’t know Kendall Jenner, but if anyone has her number I would love it,” he said.
Before she rekindled her romance with Styles, Jenner was rumored to be dating NBA player Jordan Clarkson (who plays on the Cleveland Cavaliers with Khloé Kardashian’s boyfriend Tristan Thompson) in the spring of 2016. Rumors of the model and basketball player’s romance started in April 2016 when Jenner and Clarkson posted videos of each other at Coachella together on Snapchat. 
“They keep things low-key when they’re in public, but in private they’re very much together and affectionate,” a source told People. “He’s really into her.” Their romance ended after the summer, a few months before Jenner reunited with Styles.
Jenner also once dated rapper A$AP Rocky. The couple first started seeing each other in July 2016 when they were seen on a date in Paris, which involved them eating dinner, walking the City of Light’s streets and going out dancing. However, their romance didn’t become more serious until about a year later, when Jenner and Rocky were seen getting cozy at the 2017 Met Gala. Jenner’s sister Kim Kardashian even shared a Snapchat of Rocky grabbing Jenner’s butt as her younger sister Kylie Jenner laughed and watched.
Because of their busy schedules, the couple stopped seeing each other in September 2017, though a source maintains that their relationship was never serious.. “Kendall and ASAP weren’t seeing each other a lot. They weren’t really official, but were obviously dating,” a source told Us Weekly. “Their schedules are really hard.”
Jenner and Griffin first started seeing each other in August 2017—around the same time that her flirtmance with Rocky was winding down—when they were seen leaving a Travis Scott concert together. A few weeks later, Jenner and Griffin were seen together again on a double date with Hailey Baldwin and Jenner’s rumored ex Chandler Parsons. In October, the couple went on another double date at Universal Studios’ Hollywood Horror Nights with Jenner’s sister Kylie Jenner and her boyfriend, Travis Scott.
At the end of November, around the time Jenner ended things with Rocky, she and Griffin made their relationship more serious. The couple’s relationship was trouble-free until February 2017 when Griffin was sued by his former girlfriend Brynn Cameron, whom he shares two young children with, for palimony. In the suit, Cameron alleged that Griffin “had no problem” trading her, “his former fiancée and mother of his two children, for reality television star Kendall Jenner.” She also claimed that Griffin “cared more about the glamour of dating a Hollywood celebrity than the day-to-day responsibilities of being a father and a family man.”
It was around this time that the two ended their relationship, though a source told People it was because their romance had run its course—not because of any particular drama. “They’ve definitely cooled off and are taking things at a slower pace, but not because of any particular drama,” the source said.
Rumors that Jenner and Hadid, the younger brother of Gigi and Bella Hadid, were dating started in June 2018 when they were caught making out by TMZ. Soon after, Jenner Instagrammed a photo of Hadid’s hands, which has the phrase, “I love you, my angel” on his hand. The two continued dating for several months, and in September, Anwar was even seen with a hickey on his neck. “They all hang out together and Gigi and Bella actually think they’re good together. Their friends think it’s a little weird, but it works,” a source told People.
Their relationship seemed to end in November when Jenner was seen with NBA player Ben Simmons. After the news that Jenner had moved on, Hadid took to his Instagram with a cryptic note about love: “I used to be afraid to feel things deeply cuz I felt as if the feeling of abundant happiness couldn’t be obtained forever, but openly feeling is now my only source of inspiration. And now that I’m not afraid to express my thoughts and feelings, I kinda feel like everything’s pretty mellow.”
Before Devin, People reported in November 2018 that Jenner was dating Philadelphia 76ers player Ben Simmons after her breakup with Anwar Hadid. “Kendall was spending time with Anwar [Hadid], but that ended and she started hanging out with Ben again. She hasn’t seen Anwar recently,” a source told People “When she’s not working, she’s been focusing her free time on Ben and flying to Philadelphia.” The source added, “They’re still not exclusive though.”
That same month, Simmons played against Tristan Thompson’s Cleveland Cavaliers, for which Khloé Kardashian’s boyfriend Tristan Thompson plays. After Jenner caught some heat for booing Thompson’s team, her sister took to Twitter to defend her behavior. “My sister was watching HER man Play against my man … So, of course, she’s going to heckle the opposing team,” Kardashian tweeted to a fan who questioned why she didn’t seem bothered by her sister’s actions.
According to E! News, the two split in May 2019. “Ben and Kendall split recently before the Met Gala. They are still on fine terms and have been in touch,” a source told the outlet, adding that the distance between the Los Angeles-based supermodel and the Philadelphia 76ers star “was getting to be a lot.”
“She cares about Ben and always wants to end her relationships on good terms,” the source continued. “Kendall knew she had several out of the country trips coming up and thought it would be best if they took some space. It’s been hard for them with the time differences and both of their schedules but there is a chance they will get back together.”
A new novía. Bad Bunny and Jenner were seen out together multiple times in early 2023.  The Kardashians star and the “Tití Me Pregunto” singer was seen walking out of Wally’s in Beverly Hills, California on February 18, 2023, according to TMZ. The two left after Hailey and Justin Bieber were seen walking out of the same restaurant on a supposed double date. Kendall left right before Bad Bunny through a different exit with security in tow. Kendall was wearing leather pants, black boots and a gray oversized jacket while Bad Bunny wore a similar color palette with a brown jacket and a khaki-colored hat. They were photographed getting pretty close to each other but we can’t make out (pardon the pun) whether they’re actually kissing. See the photos here and judge for yourself.
According to several sources to People, on February 20, 2023, Kendall and Bad Bunny “are spending time together.” “Kendall recently started hanging out with him,” added another source. “They were introduced by friends. He moved to L.A. a few weeks ago and bought a house. “She likes him and is having fun,” the source continues. “He is different from guys that she dated in the past. He is very charming.”
Another source told Entertainment Tonight that the fling might be turning into something more. “Kendall and Bad Bunny are attracted to each other and definitely have a flirty vibe,” the source dished. “It is still new, but they’re enjoying each other’s company and like each other. They have mutual friends and had dinner with Hailey, Justin and friends at Wally’s in Beverly Hills on Saturday night. It’s been fun for both of them so far.” The source continued, “Bad Bunny recently bought a new home in Los Angeles and has spent a lot more time there.” The source adds that it’s all fun for the pair. “Kendall met him through a mutual friend and they hit it off. As of now, it’s not serious and the two are having fun.”
What might confirm the two being together is their body language in photos captured by TMZ. The tabloid website posted pictures of the two on March 8, 2023, embracing each other after a sushi date, but it’s unclear if it was anything more (a smooch, perhaps?).
But, by December 2023 it was over. “Kendall and Bad Bunny have been doing their own things lately, and things slowly started to fizzle out between them,” the insider told Entertainment Tonight. “They both knew going into this that it likely wouldn’t be a forever type of relationship, and that was mutually understood from the get-go.”
Now sources say that they’re seeing each other again. “It was Kendall who didn’t want to get too serious with Bad Bunny last year, but now she’s singing a whole new tune,” a source told InTouch Weekly. 
The two were spotted getting chatty at the 2024 Met Gala.  “They liked each other, laughed a lot, so that all came back when they saw each other,” the source said about the surprise reunion. “They missed each other. I guess the old adage that absence makes the heart grow fonder is true.”
“I think the status of their relationship is ‘let’s see where this goes.’ They’re going with the flow, having fun and taking it one day at a time,” the source concludes. “They’re definitely friends with benefits. I don’t think there’s anything official yet, like they’re being exclusive, but who knows what could happen.”
NBA Player Devin Booker and Kendall started dating in June 2020. The 818 Tequila founder opened up about her relationship with the basketball star on Jimmy Kimmel Live! on April 6, 2022, when she was promoting her family’s show The Kardashians. Kimmel asked if Jenner watched any of Booker’s games when he’s on the court. “I watch every game unless I have—last night I had a dinner but all my friends and family know that I, like, sit with my phone wherever I am,” she said. When asked if she was a sports nut, she responded, “Yeah. I’ve always been a fan of basketball. With Khloé, I remember we used to go to all the Lakers games when I was really young, so, I’ve been a huge fan of the NBA for a really long time.”
On November 21, 2022, People reported that Devin and Kendall split for good in October 2022. Sources described the two as being very occupied by their occupations and endeavors. “Both have incredibly busy schedules right now with their careers and they’ve decided to make that a priority,” a source told the outlet. Another source said, “They have a lot of love and respect for each other and wish only the best.”
Another source confirmed the split to Entertainment Tonight. “Kendall and Devin broke up last month,” the source dished in November 2022. “They are both still young and extremely busy in their careers. It was becoming difficult for them to prioritize their relationship with their schedules.” The source also noted that “there are no hard feelings between them and the decision was mutual.” The pair broke up earlier in the year in July 2022 but reconciled in August 2022. “Kendall is in great spirits since the split,” an insider told E! News at the time. “She’s been really busy and is trying to take her company to the next level, and is really focused on work,” they continued, noting that “she’s not really open to dating right now.”
Kendall and Devin broke up the first time because they weren’t on the same track. Entertainment Tonight reported that the two broke up on June 22, 2022. The Kardashians star reportedly believed that their vision for the future is no longer aligned. “Kendall feels like they’re on different paths,” one insider shared, while another claimed that the pair “have had discussions about their future but they are not on the same page.” The two eventually reunited at a Fourth of July Party weeks later.
In February 2024, TMZ reported that Kendall and Devin “are rekindling” their relationship. “Sources familiar with the situation tell us the former lovebirds have been spending more time together lately— something that became evident during the Super Bowl … when DB popped up in the Kardashian suite super randomly, albeit separated from Kendall,” the tabloid said.
Just a year later, a source told Us Weekly that the two are “very much together,” adding, “Kendall thinks Devin is really funny, and they seem very solid right now.” They continued, “Kendall and Devin like to keep their relationship private,” the source shares. “But they are very touchy-feely when they’re with friends.”
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.