Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
When most children lose a tooth, the Tooth Fairy comes to take it away - but when the Beckham children lose a tooth, Victoria Beckham stores them in a bucket in her home. Posh Spice took to her Instagram stories recently to show off her sentimental side, explaining that she still has her children’s baby teeth in her house.
However, the 50-year-old fashion designer has been doing some spring cleaning and asked fans whether it was okay to throw away the old teeth. Posting a photo of three teeth laid out on a countertop, she asked: "Not that I’m sentimental but… U think I can throw your baby teeth away @‌brooklynpeltzbeckham?? (sic)"
In a previous post, Victoria had asked her 25-year-old son if he wanted the teeth back, and he quickly replied: "No thank you haha."
 Victoria — who has daughter Harper, 12, and sons Romeo, 21, and Cruz, 19, with sporting legend David Beckham — has spoken about her habit of collecting her children’s teeth for many years now. When daughter Harper lost a tooth a few years ago, she took to her social media to ask: “So, I have a question. What do all the mummies and daddies do with all the collected teeth? I’ve got an entire bucket with all the collected teeth!"
Fans had mixed reactions to her holding onto these teeth. Some had positive things to say, commenting: "nothing unusual about this." Some even had helpful advice, like: "seek out a resin artist and make a beautiful piece out of them."
Others joked around, with comments such as: "make a necklace lol," and "sell it on eBay", but others were less kind, commenting: "Ew." One fan simply replied with the green throw-up emoji.
Victoria has a close bond with her children, although she admitted that in the past her body insecurities prevented her from playing on the beach with them when they were younger. She said that the years of media scrutiny around her body made her feel too insecure to be spotted at the beach. Comments about her body were particularly cruel after she gave birth to her first son, and people felt like they could post photos of her baby weight and their thoughts on how she needed to lose it
However, she told Grazia magazine recently: “Now, if paparazzi want to take a picture and say something too bad, it doesn't bother me in the same way." Meanwhile, Brooklyn has been busy tending to his wife, Nicola Peltz, who has been grieving the loss of her beloved grandmother.
The Transformers actress shared an emotional post on Instagram on Sunday, 19 May, with a series of snaps of her “beautiful” grandmother Bunny, and expressed her sadness that she would “never get to meet my kids”.