Clear skies. Low 48F. Winds light and variable..
                                
Clear skies. Low 48F. Winds light and variable.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 10:55 pm
Digital reporter
A volunteer drops off two bags of litter at Keep Denton Beautiful’s trash collection site during last year’s Great American Cleanup. This year’s cleanup is on Saturday, and volunteers of all ages can still join in.
It’s time again to plan your weekend with friends and family, and this weekend should have mostly sunny skies before storms and possible thunderstorms blow in Sunday evening.
You can volunteer to make Denton look tidier during the Great American Cleanup on Saturday morning. Or head to the Texas Woman’s University campus for a couple of family-friendly events on Saturday: TriSigma’s Princess Tea Party and Denton ISD’s mariachi and folklorico showcase at Margo Jones Performance Hall. Plus, eager Easter egg hunters can search for treats at a couple of events.
Live musicHead to Rubber Gloves Rehearsal Studios for Captain Moon & the Silver Spoons’ album release party on Friday starting at 8 p.m. Check out more bands playing this weekend online.
Expect a night of ’90s county music at Dan’s Silverleaf this Friday with tunes from cover band Straight Tequila Night. The band will play songs from Garth Brooks, George Strait, Tim McGraw and more. Tickets are $15 in advance, $20 at the door. More music can be found online.
Andy’s Bar will feature Alex(andria) Gore, Bad Lives, the Ever Flower Company and Midnight Session on Friday evening. Cover is $10.
Die-a-beat-us will be playing the Punk Rock Bazaar Vol. 2 on Saturday at Andersons, 410 N. Bell Ave. The Denton-based punk band is shown performing at Rubber Gloves Rehearsal Studios' band open mic in January. 
Harvest House will feature Secret Keepers and Fresh Ghosts on Friday at 9 p.m. LSA Burger Co. will feature Raised Right Men on Saturday at 5:30 p.m. Andersons will host Punk Rock Bazaar Vol. 2 featuring music by Dirty Dan and the Basketball Boys, Die-a-beat-us and Thyroids starting Saturday at 2 p.m.
Kava Bar Denton will feature the Pan-Tones, duo Ben and Sam Jones, and Ronan Delisle at 7 p.m. Saturday. Cover is $15.
Where: Graffiti Pasta, 118 W. Oak St.
When: 11 p.m. Friday to 1:30 a.m. Saturday
Tickets: $10 online or at the door, plus two-item minimum purchase.
Enjoy a night of R-rated laughs during the third edition of Midnight Special: Denton Comedy Showcase. The night includes Mikey B., Azure, Joey Johnson, Audrey Michelle, Greasy Gordo, Atharva Bhalerao and JP Hinsdale.
Where: Clear Creek Natural Heritage Center, 3310 Collins Road
When: 6 to 8 p.m. Friday
Go on a hike in the dark on the trails at Clear Creek Natural Heritage Area.
Where: UNT CoLab, 207 N. Elm St., Suite 101.
When: 5 to 8 p.m. Friday
Volunteer Madison McConnell rolls paint onto a stamp at The Art Room in 2021.
Attend the opening reception of The Art Room’s member exhibition. The Art Room is a nonprofit Denton art studio that provides people with mental health issues with a safe, creative and educational space to create art.
The exhibit will be on view through March 30.
Where: Cleanups take place at assigned locations around Denton.
When: 9 to 11 a.m. Saturday
Grab your gloves and bags to be part of Denton’s largest and longest-running community cleanup day. If you haven’t registered already, walk-up registration will start at 8 a.m. at the Denton Civic Center, 321 E. McKinney St. The volunteer appreciation party — which includes food, entertainment and informative booths — will be at Quakertown Park and the Civic Center after the cleanup.
Where: Margo Jones Performance Hall, 1100 Oakland St.
When: 5 to 7 p.m. Saturday
Watch students in Denton ISD’s mariachi programs perform in the Mariachi y Folklorico Showcase 2024. TWU’s mariachi groups will also perform. The event starts with dancers performing outside Margo Jones Performance Hall at 4 p.m., with the music starting inside at 5 p.m. Admission is free, but donations are welcome.
When: Denia Recreation Center, 1001 Parvin St.
Where: 1 to 5 p.m. Saturday
Take your gaming skills to the next level and compete to try to win the Mario Kart esports tournament. The tournament is for ages 12-18. Register online.
Where: TWU Gymnastics Practice Facility in the Dance-Gymnastics Laboratory Building, at the corner of Bell Avenue and Administration Drive
When: 1 to 4 p.m. Saturday
Tickets: $10 per child
TriSigma at TWU will host a Princess Tea Party with a Disney princess theme. Expect snacks and fun crafts. All proceeds will go toward Sigma Serves Children.
Where: Martin Luther King Jr. Recreation Center, 1300 Wilson St.
When: 10 a.m. to noon Saturday
Celebrate Women’s History Month at the recreation center. The national theme for Women’s History Month is “Women Who Advocate for Equity, Diversity and Inclusion.” The theme recognizes women around the country who understand that bias and discrimination must be eliminated from our lives and institutions to ensure a positive future.
Where: Corinth Community Park, 3700 Corinth Parkway
When: 2 to 6 p.m. Saturday
Corinth’s free Easter celebration includes an egg hunt divided by age groups, a petting zoo, food trucks, vendors, games, photos with the Easter Bunny, bounce houses and more.
Where: First United Methodist Church of Denton, 201 St. Locust St.
Where: 12:15 to 2 p.m. Sunday
Join the church for the annual Community Egg Hunt, which is free and open to the public. Expect a pancake brunch, pictures with the Easter Bunny and games.

                            Your support helps us give you what you want to know in Denton County. A gift of as little as $5 makes a difference.
                        
JUAN BETANCOURT can be reached at juan.betancourt@dentonrc.com.
Digital reporter
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Your essential companion for starting the day in Denton. Delivered fresh to your inbox every morning, Wake Up gives you a curated snapshot of local news for the day, as well as the day’s e-edition and trending stories you may have missed.
Sign up for the Denton Record-Chronicle's absolutely free weekly newsletter highlighting winners and finalists from the 2024 Best of Denton awards.
Your weekly guide to surviving college and thriving in Denton. Find things to do, adulting tips, school advice, local news and more exclusive content in your inbox every Tuesday afternoon.
There's always something going on in Denton! Check out what's on the local events calendar and plan a fun weekend with friends, family or even solo.
Get your puzzle fix! Get a roundup of the 10+ puzzles and games available from the Denton Record-Chronicle for free. Classic crosswords, Sudoku and other brain-busters are new every day. Try Puzzmo, too, the latest in puzzles and word games with a Wordle vibe.
From minor traffic accidents to neighborhood watch updates, stay informed on public safety with the week’s top crime stories in your inbox every Wednesday morning.
Don’t miss out on breaking news in Denton, from weather and traffic to big events and important headlines.
Be the first to know the latest on new stores, restaurants and other businesses in Denton County so you can live better here.
Get the scoop on all the thrilling victories, nail-biting games and standout performances — straight from the sidelines of Denton-area high schools.
From touchdowns to buzzer-beaters, we bring you the highlights and updates from our hometown college teams. Get in-depth breakdowns of games, roster news, behind-the-scenes updates and more.
Prepare for the polls and stay informed on the candidates, issues and deadlines for Denton County’s key races.
Save money and find what you need with promotions from local businesses and special DRC offers.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.