Zendaya was made for the Met Gala.
The “Euphoria” actress is a certified pro at dressing for a theme — as her fashion-packed press tours for “Dune: Part Two” and “Challengers” have proven — making her one of the most anticipated arrivals at Vogue’s annual star-studded soirée.
Zendaya made her debut at the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s prestigious fundraiser in 2015, and in the years since, she’s strutted up the building’s iconic steps in custom looks from the likes of Versace, Dolce & Gabbana and Michael Kors. 
The A-list actress — who served as co-host the 2024 gala alongside Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth — has made five appearances at the event over the years, working with her longtime stylist, Law Roach, on each stunning outfit.
However, she called attending the Super Bowl of fashion a “terrifying” experience during an April 2024 interview on “Live with Kelly and Mark.”
The former Disney star, who last appeared at the ball in 2019, told the morning show, “Going up the steps is very daunting, and I haven’t been back for maybe four or five years.”
See below for a look back at her best moments from the event so far.
Although “The Greatest Showman” didn’t come out until 2017, Zendaya certainly delivered ringmaster vibes with her first-ever Met Gala look.
Her playful Fausto Puglisi dress featured a belted waist and high-low skirt with a sweeping train, along with a striking sun motif that nodded to the evening’s theme.
She accessorized with a gold tiara, bracelets and an armband featuring the same sunbeams. 
Leave it to Zendaya to make even a bowl cut look cool.
She went sleek and chic at the 2016 gala in a glittering gold Michael Kors Collection gown with a single long sleeve, adding Jorge Adeler rings and smoky eye makeup in the same metallic shade.
She looked as fresh as an island breeze the following year, walking the red carpet in a colorful parrot-print ballgown by Dolce & Gabbana Alta Moda.
Completing her look with loose hair and coral lipstick, she may not have adhered quite as closely to the theme this time around — but still turned plenty of heads.
The star turned to Versace for the 2018 ball, and the design house knocked it out of the park with this Joan of Arc-inspired chainmail look.
Zendaya’s warrior-worthy couture featured armor-like details, a slinky train and shimmering sequins, and the star topped off the look with a bobbed auburn wig and Tiffany & Co. jewels.
The former Disney Channel actress went back to her roots for the 2019 Met Gala, teaming up with Roach to act out a princess fantasy on the Met steps.
Zendaya cosplayed Cinderella in a Tommy Hilfiger ballgown with puffed sleeves and a huge skirt. And Roach — playing the role of her fairy godmother — had a trick up his sleeve, waving a magic wand that illuminated the LED lights hidden within his client’s dress.
Since the fairytale frock wasn’t quite fit for sitting, Zendaya changed into a sleek pink halter dress for the rest of the evening — but kept her crystal pumpkin-coach purse by Judith Leiber. 
“It’s almost like this is the last hoorah and the last time people will identify her as a Disney princess—which isn’t a bad thing,” Roach told Vogue at the time. 
For her triumphant return to the Met Gala after a five-year hiatus, Zendaya couldn’t stop at just one look.
The star, who served as co-chair alongside Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth, showed up in a jaw-dropping and dramatic Maison Margiela by John Galliano gown inspired by a look from the British designer’s surrealist spring 1999 Christian Dior Haute Couture collection.
Her dramatic pink and purple makeup, painted by legendary artist Pat McGrath, added to the dark look as the actress struck some poses on the red carpet.
After ascending the stairs, Zendaya pulled a switch, coming back out of the party as more A-listers arrived in a stunning second gown — a voluminous black Givenchy dress from the Galliano-designed 1999 collection, topped with a rose-adorned hat from Alexander McQueen’s 2007 collaboration with Philip Treacy.
When it comes to making a statement on the red carpet, Z packs a double punch.
Advertisement