Bad Bunny has recently made headlines for his latest real estate purchase in Los Angeles, California. The artist has reportedly acquired Ariana Grande’s former Hollywood Hills mansion for a whopping $8.3 million. It’s worth noting that Bad Bunny secured the property for $600,000 less than what Ariana Grande paid for it.
The three-bedroom, two-bathroom, 1,600 sq ft house has a stunning pool area that stations an Airstream for added luxury. This new purchase is in addition to Bad Bunny’s other Hollywood Hills home, reportedly valued at $9 million.
It’s also important to mention that Hollywood A-lister Cameron Diaz previously owned the Hollywood Hills mansion before Ariana Grande purchased it in 2021. These exclusive pictures of the property have given a glimpse of Bad Bunny’s luxurious new abode, which will surely be the envy of many.
California might be his place of residence, but Puerto Rico is home; therefore, the global sensation and his manager, Noah Assad, invested $5 million into a restaurant on the Caribbean island, creating 200 jobs. The new eaterie, lala, is located on the Mall of San Juan’s first floor and occupies almost 9,000 square feet, including a main dining room, two private rooms, a VIP area, a chef’s table, a raw bar, a main bar, and a terrace.
Guillermo López Folch, a highly experienced chef from Puerto Rico, has been in the culinary industry for over a decade and created the restaurant’s menu. He has worked at some of the most acclaimed restaurants globally, including the renowned three-Michelin star restaurant, Le Bernardin, in New York.
In addition to this, he has also served as a private chef to several A-list celebrities, showcasing his versatility and culinary expertise to create exceptional dining experiences. With his vast knowledge and skills, López Folch has crafted a meticulously curated menu that will delight the senses of food enthusiasts.
© ¡HOLA! Reproduction of this article and its photographs in whole or in part is prohibited, even when citing their source.