On Friday, former couple Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny were seen leaving a private dinner at Gekko Japanese Steakhouse in Miami following the Puerto Rican rapper’s show at the Kaseya Center. The pair were dining in a VIP room according to an eyewitness speaking with TMZ, who said they dined for “about an hour and 20 minutes before leaving after midnight,” and parting in the same SUV.
They added that the model and musician did not show any “outward signs of affection” but that they “still seemed to be a couple.” 
Jenner wore a white crop top and black pants and Bad Bunny was dressed in all black with a matching baseball cap. This is the fourth sighting of the two in the same place this month. They were photographed looking cozy at the Après Met 2 Met Gala After Party in early May and the next day, they both exited the same Tribeca hotel within an hour of one another. Then, a week ago, Jenner was seen at one of Bad Bunny’s shows in Orlando, Florida. In a video posted on X, previously called Twitter, she can be seen dancing in the VIP section while wearing merch from his tour. 
A source told Entertainment Tonight that “there is definitely still a vibe” between the two.
“Kendall and Bad Bunny are still in contact and spend time together when they can,” the insider shared. “There’s a strong connection between them whenever they’re together and they have the same chemistry that they’ve always had.” 
Their official split was reported in December after almost a year together, though they did supposedly spend the New Year with some friends in Barbados.  
“Kendall and Bad Bunny celebrated New Year’s Eve together while on vacation near Barbados with friends including Justin and Hailey [Bieber],” another source told ET at the time. “Kendall and Bad Bunny are still close and have a good time when they’re together.”
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.