By CHIKAMSO CHUKWUENYEM FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  21:33, 29 March 2024   |  Updated:  08:35, 30 March 2024   
 73
View  comments
Jessica Alves has revealed that a millionaire sheikh once offered her a seven-figure sum to cover her surgically enhanced body in chocolate for him to lick off. 
The OnlyFans model, 40, revealed she speaks to the man daily via the site and although she turned down his request said she wasn't opposed to the idea. 
Telling MailOnline: 'This week, after a stream chat on OF, he offered me a seven-figure tip to meet me in person and to cover my entire body with chocolate then lick it off me'.
Jessica has been posting to her OnlyFans page for the last two years and said it was a way of giving her fans 'the attention they deserved'. 
Saying: 'I have created sizzling exclusive content to all my OnlyFans subscribers this Easter where I will cover my body in chocolate - but I just don’t have anyone to lick it off me yet.' 
Jessica Alves, 40, has revealed that a millionaire sheik once offered her a seven-figure sum to cover her surgically enhanced body in chocolate for him to lick off
The OnlyFans model revealed she speaks to the man daily via the site and although she turned down his request said she wasn't opposed to the idea
Telling MailOnline: 'This week, after a stream chat on OF, he offered me a seven-figure tip to meet me in person and to cover my entire body with chocolate then lick it off me'.
And it will not be hard for Jessica to pick a volunteer as despite being so new to the app, she is already in the top 0.1% of creators, beating out two million others.
The stunner looked nothing short of sensational as she celebrated Easter by donning a very skimpy Playboy bunny costume for a sexy shoot.
Jessica sizzled in the plunging bodysuit which she teamed with fishnets and seductivly ate Nutella which she smeared over her ample assets.
She went on to say: 'My OnlyFans burst with confidence and my fans' love and admiration validates me as a woman - even if I'm still single and feeling lonely or if I had a bad day. 
'When I log in on my OnlyFans to chat to the fans it fills that void that most of us single people have.
Jessica has been seen with numerous men over the years, but her last confirmed relationship was with Brit Jamie Bugden and it ended in 2022.
The split was inevitable, with a source saying before it even began: 'They have been getting on very well and are making the most of their trip. It is the first time she has ever posted a man on her social media.
'Jessica is heartbroken that it won't be a long term relationship as he is a British man based in Thailand and she splits her time between London and Brazil. They are having fun for now.'
Jessica has been posting to her OnlyFans page for the last two years and said it was a way of giving her fans 'the attention they deserved'
The stunner looked nothing short of sensational as she celebrated Easter by donning a very skimpy Playboy bunny costume for a sexy shoot
Saying: 'I have created sizzling exclusive content to all my OnlyFans subscribers this Easter where I will cover my body in chocolate - but I just don’t have anyone to lick it off me yet.'
Jessica sizzled in the plunging bodysuit which she teamed with fishnets and seductivly ate Nutella which she smeared over her ample assets
She went on to say: 'My OnlyFans burst with confidence and my fans' love and admiration validates me as a woman - even if I'm still single and feeling lonely or if I had a bad day
Jessica explained: 'I try my best to make my OnlyFans subscribers happy, with good chat and attention.
'OnlyFans empowers me as a woman and gives me the chance to chat and to express myself with my genuine fans from the UK and around the world in a safe manner.'
Jessica came out as transgender in 2020 and in 2021 she underwent £13,700 gender reassignment surgery. 
She said at the time: 'The aesthetics of my vagina is exactly the same as a biological vagina, I look at it all the time.
'I kept having plastic surgeries in order to find myself when in reality I was always a transgender woman. I couldn't transition at the time. I was afraid, I didn't know how to start.' 
Jessica has been seen with numerous men over the years, but her last confirmed relationship was with Brit Jamie Bugden and it ended in 2022 
Jessica made her first public appearance after £15,000 face and neck lift surgery in February.
She then stunned in a bejewelled busty black jumpsuit at the International Women's Day party at Raffles Chelsea.
In 2023, Jessica enjoyed a very wild night out with Ibiza legend Wayne Lineker at the UK Glamour Awards.
The club owner, 61, made a boozy appearance at the event where he couldn't keep his hands off the Brazilian star.  
Jessica moved to the UK at 18 years old from São Paulo, Brazil and shot to fame when her multiple cosmetic surgeries became known.
Initially, she was attempting to look like Ken, of Barbie and Ken, before coming out as transgender in 2020.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group