By LAURA COLLIINS, CHIEF INVESTIGATIVE REPORTER , FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  14:17, 19 September 2024   |  Updated:  17:11, 19 September 2024   
 617
View  comments
As a mother of seven, Hilaria Baldwin is used to having children underfoot, just perhaps not this literally.
Seen in pictures and video obtained exclusively by DailyMail.com Hilaria only stood and watched as her youngest child, Ilaria, rooted around on the sidewalk before laying down and using her mother's flip-flop clad feet as a pillow.
The bizarre scene played out last Friday when Hilaria, 40, took the toddler for an early evening stroll near the Manhattan home that she shares with husband Alec Baldwin, 66, and their brood.
According to Hilaria, 'So much of motherhood is waiting and realizing that there is so much beyond your control.'
Hilaria Baldwin seemed resigned to simply wait until her daughter Ilaria was ready to move on from the spot on the sidewalk in NYC on which she sprawled, crawled, and sat
Onlookers cringed at the sight of 10-month old Ilaria rooting around on the filthy asphalt, Hilaria seemed entirely unfazed by the child at her feet
And while onlookers cringed at the sight of the toddler, who turns two on Sunday with her bare hands and face on the filthy asphalt, Hilaria seemed entirely unfazed.
Carrying a pink purse and dressed in a matching pink dress and fluffy bunny slippers, Ilaria was going nowhere fast as she plonked herself down on the gum-stained sidewalk.
As her youngest daughter sat, crawled, and lay on the ground, Hilaria looked on, dressed in a cream sundress, her hands on her hips.
It's been a tumultuous summer for the Baldwins and their Baldwinitos, as Hilaria affectionately knows her children, the oldest of whom, Carmen, just turned 11.
Much of it was spent under the shadow of the involuntary manslaughter charges brought against Baldwin for his role in the fatal shooting of Rust cinematographer, Halyna Hutchins, 42.
 Alec and Hilaria Baldwin go shopping along San Francisco Street in Santa Fe, New Mexico, with Ilaria during his trial on July 10
It's been a tumultuous summer for the Baldwins and their Baldwinitos, as Hilaria affectionately knows her children, the oldest of whom, Carmen, just turned 11
Those charges were dismissed with prejudice in July, meaning they cannot be brought again, in a decision based on the prosecution's failure to disclose evidence to the defense including ammunition from the scene.
According to Judge Mary Marlowe Sommer that failure came close to bad faith.
Meanwhile, the Baldwin family are busy filming their new reality TV show – cameras followed the courtroom drama in New Mexico – which is expected to air on TLC next year.
In a promotional video for The Baldwins, posted to Instagram the actor who along with his wife frequently complains about press intrusion, addressed the camera with the words, 'We're inviting you into our home to experience the ups and downs; the good, the bad, the wild, and the crazy.
'Home is the place we love to be the most.'
As he attempts to wrangle his pack of kids he adds, 'We are the Baldwins, and we're going to TLC! God help you all.'
Meanwhile, the Baldwin family are busy filming their new reality TV show – cameras followed the courtroom drama in New Mexico – which is expected to air on TLC next year
Hilaria embraces Alec as involuntary manslaughter charges for the 2021 fatal shooting of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins during filming of Rust are dismissed on July 12 at Santa Fe County District Court
The family has been spotted filming scenes for the show in New York and in the Hamptons and pictures obtained by DailyMail.com showed the children cooking on an outdoor grill and Baldwin instructing them how to cut vegetables safely.
The Baldwins' parenting style has often come under attack, most recently when Hilaria posted a picture celebrating her eldest daughter's 11th birthday and was berated by many for allowing their pre-teen daughter to wear make-up.
As well as 11-year-old Carmen and Ilaria, the Baldwin family consists of Rafael, nine, Leonardo, seven, Romeo, six, Eduardo or 'Edu,' four and Maria, three.
The Glengarry Glen Ross star, who has been married to Hilaria for 12 years, also shares his daughter Ireland, 27, with ex-wife Kim Basinger.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group