By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:57, 1 August 2024   |  Updated:  02:49, 2 August 2024   
 38
View  comments
Kendall Jenner and Devin Booker risked bumping into each other at Thursday's Women's Gymnastics All-Around Final during the 2024 Paris Olympic Games.
The 28-year-old model — who wore a Team USA string bikini last week — arrived shortly before the 27-year-old NBA star, narrowly avoiding a run-in.
The fashionista wore straight-leg blue jeans, black loafers, and a Team USA bomber jacket. She was with model Fai Khadra.
For his part, Devin was clad in a navy blue knit sweater with an American flag embroidered on the front.
It comes weeks after Jenner was spotted on a romantic date with Bad Bunny in Puerto Rico. 
Kendall Jenner and Devin Booker risked bumping into each other at Thursday's Women's All-Around Final during the 2024 Paris Olympic Games
The 28-year-old model arrived shortly before the 27-year-old NBA star, narrowly avoiding a run-in
The fashionista wore straight-leg blue jeans, black loafers, and a Team USA bomber jacket
Kendall's getup was topped with a coordinating red, white, and blue official Team USA baseball cap.
Her long, straight, brunette locks spilled out from underneath the accessory, falling over her shoulders and down her back. 
She looked beautiful in a full face of flattering makeup that accentuated her features.
The reality television personality wore dark sunglasses at some points and she donned tiny earrings. 
Devin wore a red Detroit Red Wings hat and carried a camouflage backpack into the sporting event.
The athlete, who is playing on the Team USA men's basketball Olympic team, was spotted recording the competition with a camcorder. 
He was seated alongside his Olympic teammates Steph Curry and Kevin Durant.
Meanwhile, Kendall was seen smiling for selfies as she enjoyed the event next to Fai, who wore a green and white soccer jersey. 
For his part, Devin was clad in a navy blue knit sweater with an American flag embroidered on the front
Devin added light-colored trousers and dark sunglasses to his look
Kendall's getup was topped with a coordinating red, white, and blue official Team USA baseball cap
Booker and his team will play Puerto Rico on Saturday, August 3 following their triumph over Sudan on Wednesday.
Earlier this year, it was reported that Jenner and Booker were 'working on their relationship.' 
The former couple split in June 2022 after two years of dating.
The 818 Tequila founder moved on with Bad Bunny, born Benito Ocasio, in early 2023 before they broke up in December.
Despite claims in February that Kendall and Devin were seeing each other again, she's been enjoying a rekindled romance with Benito this summer.
She looked beautiful in a full face of flattering makeup that accentuated her features as she sat with her longtime friend, model Fai Khadra
Jenner smiled for a selfie with Fai, who wore a green and white jersey
The reality television personality wore dark sunglasses at some points and she donned tiny earrings
In late May People reported that the twosome got back together recently because they 'missed each other.'
Jenner was seen cozying up to her ex at a Met Gala afterparty, which seemed to send sparks flying between them once again.
'It's going well and they're prioritizing spending time together as they figure it out,' a source told the outlet at the time.
It was added: 'There wasn't ever any drama in their breakup and they missed each other.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group