Bad Bunny and six other Latin performers are headed to the New Jersey area. Here's what you need to know before they get here. AP
Note: This is a copy of our weekly Tuesday a.m. Mosaic newsletter, which provides the most popular stories from Mosaic of the past week. Click HERE to sign up and never miss a week!
Seven years ago, we were all swaying to Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee’s “Despacito.” That was when Latin songs popped up oh so rarely on the radio. But those times have changed.
Today talented Latin artists are popular on mainstream streaming channels, on popular movies and TV shows and, yes, even on the radio. Those beats have become part of the soundtrack of our lives.
Mosaic staff writer Jacob Anthony Amaro wrote this past week about one of the most popular Latin music artists – Bad Bunny – and six others who’ll be heading to the New Jersey/New York/Philadelphia area this spring and summer.
Just about everyone has heard of Bad Bunny: he has the most Top 10 Latin entries on the Hot 100 and three Grammy awards. But if you don’t know who he is, Jacob provides three of his most popular songs for readers to sample before his “Most Wanted” tour pops into the New Jersey area next month for five performances.
Aventura is popular as well. The group from the Bronx mixes bachata with hip-hop, rap, reggae and even rock to get a distinctive mix. They’ve hit the top of the Latin music charts, won dozens of awards and even played at the White House but have never snagged a Grammy award. They have nine dates scheduled at area concert venues this spring and summer.
There are four other popular Latino music acts coming our way in the coming months and Jacob spells out who they are, when they’ll be here and provides plenty of samples of the kind of music they’ll bring here when they come.
So check it out, click the links, jam out to the music and enjoy.
More essential reading from Mosaic:
Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP
Reena Rose Sibayan | The Jersey Journal
Christopher A. Smith
HMH
David Vance
Welcome to Mosaic. Follow us on Instagram at @MosaicNJcom, on Facebook at MosaicNJcom and on YouTube at @MosaicNJcom.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices