Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The film is based on Charlie Huston's novel of the same name. 

							By 

	Christy Piña

Associate Editor

Bad Bunny is the latest star to join Darren Aronofsky‘s upcoming film, Caught Stealing, The Hollywood Reporter has confirmed.

	The global superstar joins Zoë Kravitz and Austin Butler in the Sony Pictures crime thriller, based on Charlie Huston’s novel of the same name. It is unknown who the artist will portray in the film adaptation.



	According to the logline, the story “follows Hank Thompson (Butler), a burned-out former baseball player, as he’s unwittingly plunged into a wild fight for survival in the downtown criminal underworld of ‘90s NYC.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Patrick Schwarzenegger Voices Interest in Lead Role for Luca Guadagnino's New 'American Psycho' Movie		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					'American Psycho' Team Reacts to Luca Guadagnino's Planned New Film: "They Have Their Work Cut Out"		
			








	Earlier this summer, the Grammy-winning artist wrapped his Most Wanted Tour in support of his newest album, Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana.

	Bad Bunny’s first acting role came in Narcos: Mexico. He portrayed Arturo “Kitty” Páez in four episodes. He followed that up when he appeared alongside Brad Pitt in Sony’s Bullet Train as an assassin named Wolf. His most recent onscreen role was in Cassandro, portraying Felipe opposite Gael García Bernal’s titular wrestler. 

	The Latin artist also serves as a producer on Netflix’s adaptation of They Both Die at the End, a novel by Puerto Rican author Adam Silvera.

	Aronofsky is producing the film alongside his Protozoa Pictures partner Ari Handel. The director also has an Elon Musk biopic in the works at A24. He previously worked with the studio on his Oscar-winning film, The Whale, starring Brendan Fraser. 

	The producing partners have worked together on several projects, including Requiem for a Dream, Black Swan, Noah, mother!, The Good Nurse, Pablo Larraín’s Jackie and Lance Oppenheim’s Some Kind of Heaven.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.