October 4, 2012
Carl E. Olson
General
0
Print

 Emily Esfahani Smith, in a post titled, “Piss Christ, ‘Art’, and Violence”, considers differing reactions to “art” intended to anger adherents of a particular religion: 
 “Terrible ideas, reprehensible ideas, do not  disappear if you ban them,” Salman Rushdie recently said in relation to  the anti-Muslim video. “They go underground. They acquire a kind of  glamour of taboo. In the harsh light of day, they are out there and,  like vampires, they die in the sunlight.” 
 The culture war over Piss Christ is really a battle of competing egos: the  ego of the artist and the egos of the offended observers. What more  could it be? 
 Consider, after all, what  Piss Christ is. It is the “aesthetic equivalent of a temper tantrum,”  Rev. George Rutler, a Catholic leader in New York, told me in an  e-mail. “Since Christ survived a crucifixion, Christianity will not be  harmed by some man’s display of his own arrested development,” Rutler  wisely remarks. 
 Speaking of arrested  development, among the other works on display at the New York  retrospective are: “Piss Discus,” “Semen and Blood, III” “Madonna on the Rocks,” and an image of a Playboy bunny. Serrano has all the  sophistication of a man-boy who delights in the filth of his own bodily  fluids. Serrano is like the Charlie Sheen of the art world. 
 “Sneering at religion is juvenile, symptomatic of a stunted imagination,” writes Camille Paglia, an atheist, in her new book Glittering Images: A Journey Through Art from Egypt to Star Wars. She is referring directly to Piss Christ. I interviewed Paglia last  Thursday about her new book at the museum of art in Philadelphia, and  she made the point that religion lies at the heart of all great art. One of the reasons why the art world is spiritually and intellectually  hollow today, she said, is because it continues to “sneer” at religion  and think, mistakenly, that doing so is still avant-garde. It’s not.  It’s old news. 
 Read the entire post on the New Criterion blog, “Arma Virumque”. To take Paglia’s observation a bit further: a vibrant Catholicism will produce or inspire great art. A lukewarm, comfortable Catholicism will produce kitsch and inspire sentimental, mediocre art. A  confused or openly dissenting “Catholicism” will often produce or  inspire “artwork” that is vulgar, infantile, stunted and cynical. “The  function of all art,” wrote Pope Pius XII in 1952 (“The Function of  Art”), “lies in fact in breaking through the narrow and torturous  enclosure of the finite, in which man is immersed while living here  below, and in providing a window on the infinite for his hungry soul.”  Bad art and blasphemous art is usually either heavily sentimental  (reflecting a shallow happiness) or deeply cynical (indicating a  profound despair), and in both cases it is contrary to what is truly human and truly divine.  
If you value the news and views Catholic World Report provides, please consider donating to support our efforts. Your contribution will help us continue to make CWR available to all readers worldwide for free, without a subscription. Thank you for your generosity!
Click here for more information on donating to CWR. Click here to sign up for our newsletter.
Liturgical dancing and the Reformed tradition
The Struggles and Unexpected Blessings of Special-Needs Kids


										Opinion: Some sensible criteria for choosing the next pope									



										Washington governor signs abuse bill requiring priests to break seal of confession									



										The risen Christ to the restored Peter: “Feed my sheep!”									



										2025 conclave to be largest in Catholic Church’s history									


Email address



Name


Here is Pope Benedict XVI’s Message for the Twenty-Eighth World Youth Day, courtesy of Vatican Information Service:  Vatican City, 16 November 2012 (VIS) – “Go and make disciples of all nations!” is the title of […]

			© Catholic World Report		
You can see how this popup was set up in our step-by-step guide: https://wppopupmaker.com/guides/auto-opening-announcement-popups/
Sign up to receive a weekly email with news, analysis, and commentary from a voice you can trust!
Email Frequency