Manage your account
Donald Trump said stories of his alleged affair with Stormy Daniels would be a “disaster” with women but men would “think it’s cool”, Michael Cohen claimed.
Cohen, who acted as a “fixer” for the former president for a decade, said he was told to “take care” of the story while Mr Trump was running for president in 2016.
“There was a lot going on at the campaign at the time”, Cohen told Mr Trump’s hush money trial in New York.
“[Mr Trump] said ‘this is a disaster – a total disaster. Women will hate me. Guys – they’ll think it’s cool. But this is going to be a disaster for the campaign.’”
Cohen said that the then Republican-candidate was “polling very, very low with women” and that the affair story would have been “catastrophic”.
Prosecutors claim that Mr Trump falsified business records to conceal a $130,000 “hush money” payment made by Cohen to Ms Daniels, an adult film star.
Thanks for following our coverage as the fourth week of Donald Trump’s “hush money” trial begin with Michael Cohen taking the witness stand. This live blog is now closed.
Donald Trump has appeared outside the court with a sheaf of papers, apparently of news reports critical of the “hush money” trial.
“This is more ways of keeping me from... campaigning,” he added. “The whole world is laughing now at the New York weaponised legal system,” he said at another point, claiming “every single legal analyst” believed “there’s no crime here”.
His voice rising as he once against attacked Juan Merchan, Mr Trump said: “We have a corrupt judge and we have a judge who’s highly conflicted and he’s keeping me from campaigning.”
Court has now adjourned for the day. Judge Juan Merchan is dismissing the jury.
Michael Cohen says there was no expectation he would be paid for his role as personal counsel to Donald Trump.
“Did you have any expectation if you did work for him you’d be paid?”, Ms Hoffinger asked.
“Not at all”, Cohen said.
Michael Cohen said he thought he would receive the $420,000 as a lump sum but was told by Allen Weisselberg that it would be paid over the course of 12 months.
It would be recorded as “a legal service rendered since I was then going to be given the title of personal attorney to the president,” Cohen told the court.
“I just wanted to get my money back”, Michael Cohen said.
He said he went to Mr Trump’s office to speak to him about it.
“What was he engaged in?”, prosecution lawyer Ms Hoffinger asked.
“Being president elect”, Cohen replied.
He said during the meeting, Weisselburg turned to him and said they were going to pay the $420,000 fee over 12 months.
The payments would be put down as “legal services” because he was going to be “given the title as personal attorney to the president”.
He said they would “start making the payments in February not January because there’s a lot going on with Mr Trump moving to DC for the inauguration”.
Asked what Mr Trump said, Cohen added: “He approved it and he said ‘this is gonna be one heck of a ride in DC’”.
Cohen said he actually paid Red Finch less than $50,000.
But, he said, he “didn’t think Mr Trump deserved the difference”. He ended up keeping the money.
He was also offered a $60,000 additional bonus.
”It was still short of what I expected… he [Mr Trump] thought this was an amount that would make it right”, Cohen said.
Cohen said he went into Allen Weisselberg’s office and asked him about his repayment for the Stormy Daniels payment.
“He said to me: ‘let’s sit down… let’s do it’”, Cohen said.
Cohen said Mr Weisslberg asked him to bring him a copy of the $130,000 payment.
Cohen was also owed $50,000 for paying Red Finch, which was for purchasing IP addresses “that sort of thing”.
Weisselberg told him to “include everything” on the repayment as he no longer had a role at the Trump Organisation.
Because he was in the 50 per cent tax bracket they needed to “gross up” the payment otherwise he would have been short changed.
“If they gave me the $180,000 and they didn’t gross it up… it would be $90,000”, Mr Cohen said.
The court was shown a document on which prosecutors say Allen Weisselberg worked out how Michael Cohen wold be repaid for the hush money payment to Stormy Daniels.
“I recognise the handwriting but I was also there in the room when he was writing,” Cohen said.
Donald Trump called Michael Cohen from Mar-a-Lago and said “don’t worry about the other thing, we’re going to take care of it when we come back”.
Cohen said Mr Trump was referring to his bonus.
Cohen said he was “beyond angry” when in December 2016 Mr Trump cut his bonus by two thirds.
He said he was “even for myself unusually angry”.
“I was angry, beyond angry, he cut my bonus by two thirds”, he told the jury.
He said he was “truly insulted, personally hurt…. after all I’d gone through… laying out $130,000 on his behalf to protect him… it was insulting that the gratitude shown back to me was to cut my bonus by two thirds.”
Cohen said he spoke to Mr Pecker about it.
“It wasn’t so much about the number as much as it was about the disrespect that came with it”, he told the court.
“I was just personally insulted.”
Michael Cohen said he was “very angry” when his bonus was cut by two-thirds in 2016. “I didn’t expect more,” he said. “But I certainly didn’t expect less.”
The jury has been shown text messages between Cohen and his daughter Samantha in which they discuss his future.
“My daughter and I are very close… she was concerned I was upset I wasn’t considered for the role”, Cohen said.
He said his future job would be a “hybrid” role which would still give him access to Mr Trump but he would “still be able to monetise my relationship and my ability with these various different companies.”
Michael Cohen said he didn’t want the role of White House chief of staff but his ego was hurt when he wasn’t recommended for the job.
He said he wasn’t going to have a continuing role at the Trump Organisation.
“My service was no longer necessary because I was special counsel to Mr Trump and he was now president elect”, Cohen said.
He said there had been discussions about him becoming assistant general counsel, but he didn’t want that role.
Asked whether he was considered for chief of staff, he said: “No ma’am”.
Asked whether this was disappointing, he replied: “Yes”.
“I didn’t want the role, I didn’t believe the role was right for me… I just wanted my name to be included”, Cohen said.
“I had other ideas for myself that I wanted… it was more about my ego than anything.”
We’re looking at the texts between Cohen and Hope Hicks again about the WSJ story about Ms McDougal’s hush money deal again.
Cohen put on his glasses to read the texts from the monitor, before quickly whipping them off again.
“The concern was again that this story would explode into a massive issue and we were monitoring… the traction… we were hoping, praying”, he said.
The jury was shown a call log which showed Cohen speaking to Donald Trump on his bodyguard Keith Schiller’s phone on 4 November 2016 for five minutes and 55 seconds.
The pair spoke about the WSJ article.
“This was a real serious, again, problem, especially as it was so close to the election day”, Cohen said.
“I told him exactly who I’d spoken to” adding that he said they would do “everything in our power to protect Mr Trump.”
He agreed that Mr Trump was angry and upset.
Asked why, he said: “Because there was a negative story that once again could impact the campaign as a result of women.”
The court is now taking a short break.
The court is now taking a short afternoon break.
“I wanted to ensure Mr Trump was safe,” Cohen said, referring to after the Wall Street Journal article about hush money payments to Karen McDougal surfaced.
“He was really angry,” he added.
Michael Cohen’s desire to please Mr Trump - and get credit for solving his problems - has shone throughout his testimony.
Cohen said he “immediately” told Mr Trump when he had the signed agreement from Ms Daniels “so he would know the matter, the task he gave to me, was finished, accomplished and done”.
Michael Cohen said he “immediately” let Donald Trump know that he had secured a signed non-disclosure agreement from Stormy Daniels.
The court has been shown a wire transfer from Michael Cohen’s shell company to Keith Davidson, Stormy Daniels’ lawyer.
It is listed as a retainer - which Cohen said was inaccurate. It was really to “pay Stormy Daniels to execute the non-disclosure agreement and to obtain the story”, he said.
Cohen said he had several conversations with Donald Trump before he opened the bank account to make the $130,000 payment for Stormy Daniels’ story.
“I wanted to ensure that once again he approved what I was doing because I require approval from him on all of this,” Mr Cohen said.
Cohen said he wouldn’t have gone through with the hush money payment had Mr Trump not approved it.
“Everything required Mr Trump’s sign-off, on top of that I wanted the money back,” he said.
Cohen’s testimony today seems to be going as well as the prosecution could hope.
He’s calm, collected and answering prosecutor Susan Hoffinger’s questions succinctly.
We will have to wait and see how he fares on cross-examination.
Will the temper the jury has heard so much about spill out?
Cohen said he had to set up the limited company to make the payment to Ms Daniels as he could not use his joint bank account with his wife.
“I clearly could not tell her. That would’ve been a problem for me”, Cohen said, prompting laughs in the court’s overflow room.
Michael Cohen said he asked David Pecker if he would make the alleged “hush money” payment to Stormy Daniels. The tabloid boss is said to have responded: “Not a chance.”
Mr Pecker has previously testified that he had not been reimbursed for payments to Karen McDougal and a Trump Tower doorman, and was not willing to buy Ms Daniels’ story.
“I was doing everything I could and more in order to protect my boss”, Cohen told the jury.
He would not, however, pay $130,000 for an NDA needed for somebody else, he said.
Allen Weisselberg eventually said that Michael Cohen put forward the money to Stormy Daniels, Cohen told the court.
Weisselberg had apparently previously suggested American Media, Inc - which allegedly paid $150,000 to Karen McDougal for her story and $30,000 to a Trump Tower doorman who claimed to know of a lovechild fathered by Donald Trump.
Prosecutors claim that Weisselberg later worked out how much Cohen would be reimbursed for the $130,000 “hush money” payment.
Among his other suggestions were apparently that they use a golf club membership to put someone else’s name on the payment - but Cohen responded that Mr Trump’s name would be attached to the club.
Donald Trump eventually agreed to pay for Stormy Daniels’ story, Michael Cohen told the court.
“He expressed to me, just do it. Meet up with Allen Weisselberg and figure this whole thing out,” Cohen said, referring to the Trump Organisation’s chief financial officer.
The same day, Dylan Howard, editor-in-chief of the National Enquirer, texted Michael Cohen: “I’m told they’re going with DailyMail. Are you aware?”
Michael Cohen said he warned Donald Trump that the alleged “hush money” deal with Stormy Daniels had fallen apart because he refused to release the money.
“I called Mr Trump, in order to advise him of the situation that because I didn’t forward the funds, she’s now declared the agreement void,” he said.
He did not get through to the then-Republican candidate and left a voicemail on October 17. The story would have appeared in the Daily Mail, he said.
Michael Cohen said he was “very” concerned just weeks before the election that the Stormy Daniels story could come out.
“We were losing control over the settlement of this agreement in order to prevent the story from coming out,” he told the court.
At the time, he said, he was attempting to stonewall a payment to Ms Daniels’ lawyer on instructions from Donald Trump.
Michael Cohen said he listed Resolution Consultants as a management consultancy company when filling out the paperwork to set it up.
He told the court: “I’m not sure if they would’ve opened it if it stated to pay off an adult film star for a nondisclosure agreement.”
Cohen said he then set up Essential Consultants, LLC after realising that the first company was a name already used by an acquaintance.
Continuing its practice of using documents to back up Michael Cohen’s testimony, prosecutors are showing the court emails exchanged by Cohen and his banker, Gary Farro.
The messages concern a shell company Cohen was attempting to set up called Resolutions Consultants LLC - allegedly created to reimburse American Media, Inc. for a $150,00 payment to Karen McDougal.
In another tranche of emails, exchanged with Stormy Daniels’ lawyer Keith Davidson, Cohen said he used the Jewish holiday Yom Kippur as an excuse to delay paying him until after the election.
Juan Merchan is back on the bench and court is now in session. Michael Cohen has returned to the witness stand and is giving evidence.
Donald Trump has re-entered the courtroom as proceedings resume. He was followed by J. D. Vance, the Ohio senator who is seen as a possible running mate in the coming presidential election.
Melania Trump came up with her husband’s response after he boasted he could “ grab [women] by the p----”, his former lawyer claimed.
Michael Cohen told Donald Trump’s “hush money” trial that she had decided he should downplay the comments, made on the infamous “Access Hollywood” tape released in 2016, as “locker room talk”.
Prosecutors argue that Mr Trump was desperate to stop any further stories about sexual misconduct coming out that could hurt his presidential campaign. As such, they argue, he falsified business records to conceal hush money payments to a porn star with whom he allegedly had an affair.
Cohen, testifying against his former boss, said that when the story came out “we needed to put a spin on this and the spin he wanted put on this was that it was ‘locker room talk’”.
Mr Trump told him Mrs Trump had “recommended” the locker room response, Cohen told a New York court. “He told me that’s what Melania had thought it was”, he added.
Cohen said he worried the recording “was going to be significantly impactful, especially with women voters”, and that the affair story would be “catastrophic”.
The court is now on a lunch break.
Michael Cohen said the Stormy Daniels story “coupled” with the Access Hollywood tape was a “disaster” and Donald Trump told him to “get control over it.”
“He told me to work with David and get control over this… purchase the life rights… do what you need to do to stop this getting out”, Cohen said.
Cohen also said Mr Trump had told him to “push it out for as long as you can.”
“What he’d said to me is … ‘Just get past the election. If I win, it’ll have no relevance [as] I’m president. And if I lose, I don’t really care.’”
Donald Trump said Stormy Daniels story would be a “disaster” with women but men will think “it’s cool”.
When he told Mr Trump about the Stormy Daniels story, he told him: “Just take care of it”.
“There was a lot going on at the campaign at the time”, Cohen said.
“He said ‘this is a disaster – a total disaster. Women will hate me. Guys – they’ll think it’s cool. But this is going to be a disaster for the campaign.’”
Cohen added: “So at the time Mr Trump was polling very, very low with women… he was polling very poorly with women”.
Donald Trump “wasn’t thinking about Melania” when he arranged to kill a story of an affair with an adult film star, Michael Cohen told the court.
Cohen, Mr Trump’s former “fixer”, said he had raised the issue of Melanie Trump when speaking to his employer about his alleged affair with Stormy Daniels.
“Don’t worry, he goes how long do you think I’ll be on the market for? Not long,” Cohen said. “He wasn’t thinking about Melania. This was all about the campaign.”
Donald Trump feared that “a lot of women” would come forward when he announced his presidential campaign in 2015, his former lawyer claimed.
Michael Cohen told the former president’s “hush money” trial that he believed entering the race would cause negative stories about him to surface in the press.
“You know that when this comes out… meaning the announcement… just be prepared there’s gonna be a lot of women coming forward,” Cohen said Mr Trump warned him.
The two men, along with tabloid boss David Pecker, are said to have formed a “criminal conspiracy” to kill stories of Mr Trump’s alleged affairs ahead of the 2016 election.
Cohen testified that he helped arrange efforts to kill stories about an illegitimate child allegedly fathered by his employer, along with an affair with Playboy bunny Karen McDougal.
Mr Trump apparently told Mr Pecker he would “take care” of a $150,000 payment to Ms McDougal. This did not happen.
Michael Cohen said he told Donald Trump that they needed to “take care” of Stormy Daniels’ story when he learned of their alleged affair.
Mr Trump is said to have responded: “Absolutely. Do it, take care of it.”
Cohen said Donald Trump told him about meeting Stormy Daniels.
“He told me that he was playing golf… and they had met Stormy Daniels and others there. But she liked Mr Trump and women preferred Trump even over big Ben [Roethlisberger - an NFL quarterback who was playing in the tournament].”
Cohen asked Mr Trump whether he had slept with Ms Daniels.
Mr Trump wouldn’t answer, but “turned around and said that she was a beautiful woman”.
Asked what the potential impact of Stormy Daniels’ alleged tryst with Mr Trump would be, Cohen said: “Catastrophic”.He said he thought it would be “horrible for the campaign”.
Asked if he had concerns that the Access Hollywood tape would impact Mr Trump’s campaign, Cohen said he worried it “was going to be significantly impactful, especially with women voters.”
Cohen said Donald Trump’s response to the Access Hollywood tape was proposed by Melania Trump.
Asked whether he was concerned about the impact the infamous tape could have on Mr Trump’s campaign, Cohen said “yes”.
“We needed to put a spin on this and the spin he wanted put on this was that it was ‘locker room talk’”, Cohen said.
Cohen said that Mr Trump told him Mrs Trump had “recommended” the locker room response.
“He told me that’s what Melania had thought it was”, he said.
He said he wanted to “limit [the] impact on him and his campaign”.
Michael Cohen told the court he wanted to ensure that Donald Trump would be protected when the Access Hollywood tape became public.
“It’s all over the place. Whose [sic] doing damage control here?” he wrote in an email to Steve Bannon, who was chief executive of the Trump campaign.
Michael Cohen said he was in London for his daughter’s birthday when he learned of the “Access Hollywood” tape, in which Donald Trump made crude remarks about women.
He said he was alerted by it by Hope Hicks, the former aide to Mr Trump who has previously testified.
Prosecutors have argued the tape is crucial to the “hush money” case because the then-Republican candidate was desperate to kill any stories about sexual misconduct which could derail his campaign.
Cohen said he never played David Pecker the recording in which he and Mr Trump allegedly talk about paying Mr Pecker back for buying the rights to Ms McDougal’s story.
He said he didn’t need to play it because Mr Pecker didn’t ask to hear it.
Cohen is a risky witness who the defence will try to tear apart as a liar and a criminal.
The prosecution is therefore trying to back up every one of Cohen’s claims with documents.
This includes showing the jury Cohen’s mobile phone call logs to bolster his claims he spoke to Mr Trump at a particular time or date.
Michael Cohen said he set up a shell company - Resolution Consultants LLC - “to use this entity for the assignment of the McDougal matter” and other stories about Donald Trump.
He said that a seven-minute call he had with Mr Trump in late September 2016, just weeks before the election, was to tell him that Ms McDougal’s story was “being resolved”.
“What I was doing I was doing from the direction… for the benefit of Mr Trump”, Cohen said.
Cohen says he and Allen Weisselberg both had offices on the 26th floor, the same floor as Mr Trump.
Both their officers were a “pretty similar” distance to Mr Trump’s, until Cohen was moved into an office closer to the former president.
Cohen said he went to speak to Weisselberg about repaying AMI for the rights to Ms McDougal’s story.
“I expressed to him that we need funding of $150,000 to consummate this transaction”, Cohen said.
“Allen then said to me ‘Well if we do it from a Trump entity it kind of defeats the purpose’” because they had not wanted anything to link to Mr Trump.”
Michael Cohen said he had between 10 and 12 conversations with Allen Weisselberg, the Trump Organisation’s chief financial officer, about the payment to Karen McDougal.
Prosecutors claim that Mr Weisselberg, who has not been called to testify, helped calculate the money repaid to Cohen for his alleged “hush money” payment to Stormy Daniels.
No payment was made by Donald Trump or the Trump Organisation to Ms McDougal.
Mr Trump appears more alert after the morning break.
He is leaning back in his chair reading a document, occasionally speaking to his lawyers.
Asked if he had altered the recording of his conversation with Donald Trump, Michael Cohen responded: “No.”
Cohen said he thought it was a bad idea to pay in cash because they “needed to acquire the information” held by the National Enquirer.
This is in reference to documents Mr Trump wanted to obtain about him from AMI.
Cohen said the audio recording “cut off” because he received an incoming phone call.
“I must’ve believed it was an important phone call”, Cohen said.
He also said he had “enough to show David Pecker… as to convince him he was going to receive the $150,000 back”.
Court is back in session.
Donald Trump is returning to the courtroom after a short break. He gave a brief thumb-up to cameras before heading inside.
Asked what Donald Trump meant when he said “pay with cash”, Cohen said: “To pay with green, which would obviously be one way to avoid any kind of paper transaction”.
He said he didn’t think this was the best way to repay the money.
The court is now on a short break.
Michael Cohen said he bullied people for Donald Trump as he took the witness at the former president’s “hush money” trial.
Cohen, who acted as Mr Trump’s lawyer and “fixer” before being sent to prison for tax and campaign finance violations, said: ”The only thing that was on my mind was to accomplish the task so he’d be happy.”
He also said he “often” dealt aggressively with the press to take down negative stories about Mr Trump, threatening to “file an action” against them.
Cohen is alleged to have formed a criminal conspiracy with Mr Trump and David Pecker, the former tabloid boss, to suppress damaging stories about his boss during his 2016 presidential run.
He also said Mr Trump never used an email address because he “knows too many people who have gone down” from leaving a paper trail. Instead, they communicated by phone or in person, he testified.
He said Mr Trump had previously “directed” him to speak to Allen Weisselberg, the former CFO of the Trump Organisation, about resolving the issue.
In the audio recording, Mr Trump can be heard saying: “So what do we got to pay for this? One-fifty?”
Asked what Mr Trump was referring to, Cohen said he was: “Referring to the $150,000... to purchase the life rights of Karen McDougal”.
He said he knew the cost “based upon conversations with David which is why he mentioned the number 150.”
In the recording, which has been played to the jury previously, Cohen talks about opening up a company for the transfer “regarding our friend David”.
Discussing what he meant, Cohen said he wanted to open up a company to keep it “separate” from Mr Trump.
He said he didn’t explicitly need to mention Ms McDougal because it was an “ongoing conversation”.
Cohen said he recorded a conversation with Mr Trump about repaying AMI for the rights to Ms McDougal’s story to reassure Mr Pecker.
He said he made the recording because the lack of repayment “became a regular conversation between the two of us and I also wanted him to remain loyal to Mr Trump.”
He said he recorded the audio using the voice memo app on his phone, which he held in his hand when he walked into Mr Trump’s office.
“Was Mr Trump aware you were recording this conversation?”, prosecutor Susan Hoffinger asked.
“No ma’am”, Cohen replied.
The jury is now being played the audio recording.
David Pecker contacted Michael Cohen several times about being reimbursed the $150,000 for the Karen McDougal story.
“He needed the $150,000, he wanted the $150000 back because it was too much money for him to hide from the CEO of the company”, Cohen said.
“And he’d also laid out $30,000 previously”, he added, saying he was “putting pressure” on him to speak to Mr Trump.
He said when he spoke to Mr Trump he said “don’t worry, I’ll take care of it”.
After securing the Karen McDougal deal, David Pecker said he thought the agreement was “bullet proof”.
Cohen said he told him he had “prevented the story being released on ABC News and effectively the story has now been caught.”.
Cohen said he updated Mr Trump, who said: “fantastic, great job”.
Cohen said he was in Mr Trump’s office with the former president when he spoke to David Pecker about the Karen McDougal story.
“Instead of lifting up the phone he used the speaker box so I was able to hear”, Cohen said.
He said Mr Trump “asked him how things are going with the matter… David Pecker said we have this under control and we’ll take care of this”.
Cohen added: “David had stated it was gonna cost him 150,000 to control the story”.
Mr Trump replied, Cohen said, with “No problem, I’ll take care of it”.
Cohen said he took this to mean: “AMI was going to lay out the funds and as Mr Trump had stated to David ‘I’ll take care of it’”.
He said he took this to mean Mr Trump was going to repay AMI.
Dylan Howard told Michael Cohen, in a further exchange on Karen McDougal’s story: “I’ve got this locked down for you. I won’t let it out of my grasp.”
Cohen said he insisted on having a call with Dylan Howard after he met with Karen McDougal, “because I needed to get an update so I could provide it for Mr Trump.”
The court has been shown a series of texts and phone logs from Michael Cohen’s phone.
Dylan Howard, then the editor the National Enquirer tabloid, texted Cohen on June 20 2016, saying: “I am about to meet her. Her name is Karen McDougal. Former Playboy Playmate.”
“Ok. We need to speak,” Cohen wrote back.
Asked what impact Karen McDougal’s alleged affair with Donald Trump would have had on his presidential campaign, Michael Cohen replied: “Significant.”
Donald Trump said “she’s really beautiful” when Cohen told him former Playboy bunny Karen McDougal was trying to sell a story about an alleged affair with Mr Trump.
He then told him to “make sure it doesn’t get released”.
Cohen described how he inserted clauses into the Dino Sajudin contract - including damages of $1million if he broke the contract and ensuring the contract did not have an end date.
He said he told Donald Trump about this “for credit” and “in order to get credit for accomplishing the task”.
Mr Trump’s reaction was “great, that’s great”.
Michael Cohen said he would tell Donald Trump every time he got an update from the National Enquirer regarding the story of his alleged love child.
“Was he grateful?” Susan Hoffinger, prosecuting, asked of Donald Trump. “Absolutely,” Cohen answered.
Cohen is being asked about helping kill the story from doorman Dino Sajudin about Mr Trump’s alleged love child.
He said he spoke to Mr Trump to “get his direction on what he wanted me to do”.
“He told me to make sure the story doesn’t get out… you handle it”, Cohen said.
He said he worked with AMI “to obtain the story… the life rights to the story”.
Cohen is now describing that crucial meeting in August 2015 in which he, Mr Trump and David Pecker allegedly hatched their catch-and-kill scheme to bury negative stories about Mr Trump.
He said they discussed the “power of the National Enquirer”.
They said “if we can place positive stories about Mr Trump that would be beneficial, and if we can place negative stories about some of the other candidates that would also be beneficial.”
Mr Pecker allegedly said: “He could keep an eye out for anything negative about Mr Trump and he that he would be able to help us know in advance what was coming out and try to stop it coming out.”
He was told to “let Michael know” if anything negative is likely to come out.
Cohen said Mr Trump warned him women would come forward after he announced his presidential run.
He told him: “You know that when this comes out… meaning the announcement… just be prepared there’s gonna be a lot of women coming forward”.
Cohen said in 2011 he came across “a poll that stated 6 per cent of all the people who had taken the poll thought Mr Trump should be president”.
He said he took the poll to Mr Trump, who replied: “It’s interesting you should look into it.”
Cohen said he then set up the website shouldtrumprun.com, which “many people” visited.
Cohen says he and David Pecker, the former tabloid boss, would sometimes speak via the encrypted app Signal.
Asked why they did this, Cohen said: “Depending on the matter… sometimes we thought encryption and not having the event traceable would be beneficial”.
Cohen said he didn’t know of AMI ever paying to suppress stories of Mr Trump before he launched his presidential bid.
Donald Trump is sitting in his chair with his eyes closed, his chin dipped, occasionally shifting in his seat.
Michael Cohen said working for Donald Trump was “fantastic”.
“Working for him, especially during those 10 years, was an amazing experience in many many many ways”, he said.
”There were great times… for the most part I enjoyed the responsibility that was given to me… I enjoyed working with my colleagues… the Trump children... it was a big family”, he said.
Asked if he ever “bullied” people for Mr Trump, Cohen replied: “Yes ma’am”.
”The only thing that was on my mind was to accomplish the task so he’d be happy”, he said.
Michael Cohen agreed with the prosecution’s characterisation of Donald Trump as a “micromanager”.
He told the court: “When he would task you with something he would then say, ‘Keep me informed. Let me know what’s going on.’
“What he was saying... as soon as you had a result an answer you could go straight back and tell him especially if it was a matter that was troubling to him.”
Cohen said he and Mr Trump would speak several times a day, either in person or on the phone.
Mr Trump didn’t use email.
Cohen says he told him: “Emails are like written papers... he knows too many people who have gone down” from using emails.
Michael Cohen said he would speak to Donald Trump either in person or on the phone because he “never had an email address”.
Asked he would be aggressive when dealing with the press on Donald Trump’s behalf, Cohen said: “ I would say so. not all the time. Often.”
He added: “I would reach out to the press and I would express to them their need to either redact or take the article down or we would file an action against them.”
Prosecutors claim that Cohen paid “hush money” to an adult film star for his then-employer to stop her going to the press with a story of an affair.
Cohen said he would often negotiate bills down for Mr Trump.
Asked how Cohen felt when Mr Trump would praise his work, he said: “like I was on top of the world”.
Cohen says was paid a base salary of $375,000 to become executive vice president of the Trump Organisation and special counsel to Mr Trump.
Mr Trump had asked him if he was happy at his “sleepy old firm” and asked him to go and work for him.
”I was to only answer to him and work on issues that were of concern to him”, he said.
With bonuses Cohen earned $525,000.
Asked to point out Donald Trump in the courtroom, Cohen looked left, right and then stood up slightly to spot him.
“He’s wearing a blue and white tie”, he said.
Cohen said he was first introduced to Mr Trump by his son, Don Jr.
He was later offered an “opportunity” to work for Mr Trump.
Eric Trump is in court to support his father again, according to US media reports. He is said to be staring at Michael Cohen, with whom he worked during his time at the Trump Organisation.
Michael Cohen said he didn’t want to be a lawyer, but was pressured into the career by his family.
“I really didn’t want to be a lawyer, my grandmother wanted me to be a lawyer”, he said.
Cohen had himself wanted to go to Wall Street.
“My grandmother said ‘that’s not going to happen’”, he told the court.
Michael Cohen, formerly Donald Trump’s lawyer, told the court that he did not want to be a lawyer and did so at his grandmother’s behest.
“Actually, I really didn’t want to be a lawyer. My grandmother wanted me to be a lawyer. My family is comprised of doctors and lawyers,” he said.
Donald Trump appeared to scowl as he watched his former “fixer” Michael Cohen take the stand in his hush money trial.
“The People call Michael Cohen”, Susan Hoffinger, for the prosecution, says.
And we’re off: “This is the People of New York against Donald Trump.”
Mr Trump is wearing a navy suit and blue tie. He seems alert and is chatting with his lawyers.
The jury already has an impression of Michael Cohen - and it’s unlikely to be a good one.
Not one of the witnesses so far have portrayed Donald Trump’s former lawyer and “fixer” positively.
He was a “jerk” and a “pants-on-fire kinda guy” according to Keith Davidson, Stormy Daniels’ former lawyer.
Former White House communications director Hope Hicks said it would have been “out of character for Michael” to do something out of the kindness of his heart.
“I used to say that he liked to call himself a ‘fixer” or ‘Mr Fix It,’ and it was only because he first broke it that he was able to come and fix it,” Ms Hicks told the court.
Meanwhile, former tabloid boss David Pecker described how Cohen called him “screaming” when Mr Pecker pulled out of a deal to sell the rights of a story to Mr Trump.
For a decade, Michael Cohen served as Mr Trump’s lawyer and backroom fixer, working, in his own words, to cover up his ex-boss’s “dirty deeds”.
But Mr Trump’s one-time henchman has transformed from arch-defender to arch nemesis as he prepares to act as a star witness in the former president’s Manhattan hush money trial.
It was Cohen who facilitated and was later jailed for, the payment to the porn star Stormy Daniels that led to Mr Trump becoming the first former US president to be indicted, and now to stand trial.
Since then, Mr Trump’s legal woes have snowballed, and Cohen has already faced off against his former boss in court, testifying against him last year in his $250 million civil fraud trial.
Read the full profile from Deputy US Editor Rozina Sabur here.
Vivian Top says she and her son have polarising views on Donald Trump.
The retired teacher, 79, believes the former president is a “liar and a thief”, but her son, who is in his fifties, has a MAGA hat in every available colour.
“I can’t have a conversation with him, you know, because he’ll say it’s fake news, or it’s nonsense or something like that”, she told The Telegraph.
“I just find that really sad and upsetting”, she added.
Ms Top, who lives on the Upper West Side, arrived at the courthouse at 5:30am in the hope she will be able to watch what is likely to be an explosive hearing.
It’s a busy day at Manhattan Criminal Court this morning.
Throngs of journalists and members of the public have been queuing since the early hours of the morning to watch Michael Cohen testify.
John Defelice, 65, who is based in New York, set up camp outside at 3am.
The retired software engineer, who has watched several days of the trial, says he was drawn by the “sense of history” unfolding.
“It’s not a Shakespearean plot, but it still has all these forces against each other”, he told The Telegraph.
Mr Defelice, who says he has a “negative” view of Donald Trump, believes this trial is exciting because it’s “not predictable”.
Hello and welcome to the live blog. Benedict Smith here. We’ll be bringing you all the latest updates as Michael Cohen takes to the witness stand in a crucial moment in Donald Trump’s “hush money” trial.
Broaden your horizons with award-winning British journalism. Try The Telegraph free for 3 months with unlimited access to our award-winning website, exclusive app, money-saving offers and more.