By KATE DENNETT and SARAH PACKER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  19:00, 15 January 2024   |  Updated:  21:43, 15 January 2024   
 532
View  comments
Bailiffs were seen parked up outside Katie Price's mucky mansion on Monday morning as she owes a £250,000 debt to her ex-husband Alex Reid.
High Court enforcement officers were spotted pulling up in a car park of a local garden centre opposite Katie's mucky mansion amid her financial struggles.
MailOnline had exclusively revealed that debt collectors would be visiting the property because Alex is still awaiting payment for the six-figure sum – four years after the courts promised him it.
In 2019, the former cage fighter, 48, who was married to Katie, 45, for two years between 2010 and 2012, won a legal case and £250,000 after the former Loose Woman allegedly leaked an explicit sex tape and photos of him.
Alex sued his ex-wife for 'distributing private information – some of it of a sexual nature', which he said 'violated his right to privacy.' 
Bailiffs were seen parked up outside Katie Price's mucky mansion on Monday morning as she owes a £250,000 debt to her ex-husband Alex Reid 
MailOnline had exclusively revealed that debt collectors would be visiting the property because Alex is still awaiting payment for the six-figure sum
High Court enforcement officers were spotted pulling up in a car park of a local garden centre opposite Katie's mucky mansion (pictured) amid her financial struggles
The mother-of-five was accused of playing a sexually explicit video clip of Alex to a TV audience while filming an episode of Celebrity Big Brother's Bit On The Side in January 2018.
A source told MailOnline: 'High Court Enforcement officers will be attending Katie's property on Monday because she still hasn't paid an amount owed to her ex-husband Alex Reid.
'They will be visiting two different locations including her mucky mansion to retrieve items to the value of the amount that Alex is due.
'She has only paid £1,000 towards the value she owes and Alex is tired of waiting for the full sum.' 
MailOnline believes that Katie isn't currently at her home address after she hosted a makeup master class in Dublin, Ireland on Sunday evening at the Harvey Nichols store in Dundrum Town Centre.
She posted on her Instagram about going on a 'road trip' before pouting in videos with a friend at Heathrow airport. 
In November 2019, a judge ruled at the High Court in favour of Alex, saying: 'I propose to enter judgement for damages to be assessed.'
Katie was hit with a £150,000 lawyers' bill as well as an additional £100,000 in compensation.
However, in the same month, Katie was declared bankrupt and has since avoided court on a number of occasions despite running up debts of a reported £3.2million.
In 2019, Alex, who was married to Katie, 45, for two years, won a legal case and £250,000 after she allegedly leaked an explicit sex tape and photos of him (both pictured in August 2009) 
Alex sued his ex-wife for 'distributing private information – some of it of a sexual nature', which he said 'violated his right to privacy' (pictured in December 2021) 
Katie's West Sussex home, nicknamed the mucky mansion, has been the subject of a Channel 4 documentary, where she would 'transform' the uninhabitable space
Katie previously revealed she fears the West Sussex property gives her 'bad luck' despite ploughing money into renovation
Katie and Alex tied the knot in Las Vegas in 2010 but their relationship didn't last (pictured in May 2010) 
A second source added: 'Katie has alleged that she earns £40,000 a month but many believe that to be untrue… it is believed that she has made a minimum of £60,000 from her last pantomime.
'She owes money and has debts to be paid and she needs to pay them, it's as simple as that.'
Katie starred in the Liverpool pantomime Sleeping Beauty and will appear for a week in late January in adult show Big Dick Whittington and his Pussy.
She also makes money from her guest appearances and makeup master classes as well as her brand collaborations.
Katie and Alex tied the knot in Las Vegas but their relationship didn't last.
It was Katie's shortest marriage after she stayed with Peter Andre for four years and Kieran Hayler for six, before their divorce was finalised in 2021.
The TV star, who's in a relationship with former Love Island contestant Carl Woods, shares children Junior, 18, and Princess, 16, with Peter and has Jett, 10, and Bunny, nine, from her relationship with Kieran.
She is also a mother to Harvey, 21, from her romance with ex-footballer Dwight Yorke.
On January 11, Katie dodged a court hearing for a sixth time as a judge attempted to bring an end to her bankruptcy case. 
Katie starred in the Liverpool pantomime Sleeping Beauty and will appear for a week in late January in adult show Big Dick Whittington and his Pussy (pictured in December 2023)
Katie has been in an on/off relationship with former Love Island star Carl Woods for a number of years, with the couple repeatedly calling off their engagement (pictured in November 2023)
Despite her reported debts, Katie has continued to get plastic surgery and tattoos, including two large eagle wings on her back 
Katie has been trying to save her £2million West Sussex home, better known as the mucky mansion, with the next hearing before an insolvency court due to take place in London this April. 
She has also avoided a prison sentence on numerous occasions, the latest in June 2022 when she admitted to breaching a restraining order against ex-husband Kieran's fiancée, Mitchell Penticost.
After being banned from contacting Mitchell directly or indirectly, Katie broke the terms of the order, and was warned that she could face jail – but she was given an 18-month community order, as well as a £1,500 fee to cover the costs.
Despite her reported debts, Katie has continued to get plastic surgery and tattoos, including two large eagle wings on her back. 
The star underwent her 16th boob job in December 2022, which was her biggest ever enhancement.
MailOnline has contacted Katie and Alex's representatives for comment. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group