The pair reportedly dated last year before sparking breakup rumors in December.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	Things are all good between Bad Bunny and Kendall Jenner. After the 2024 Met Gala Monday (May 6), the Puerto Rican musician and model — who reportedly began dating last year before sparking breakup rumors in December — were all smiles while enjoying drinks together at an afterparty hosted by Carlos Nazario, Emily Ratajkowski, Francesco Risso, Paloma Elsesser, Raul Lopez and Renell Medra in New York City.

	In a photo from the night, Jenner squeezes in next to the “Titi Me Pregunto” musician — who co-chaired this year’s gala alongside Zendaya, Chris Hemsworth and Jennifer Lopez — on a couch with two other friends. She leans in to chat with Benito as they both appear to laugh, visibly smiling wide in the snap.

	










	Both stars changed out of their red-carpet outfits for the party, with the 818 Tequila founder sporting a lacy white dress and Bunny looking dapper in a leathery black jacket. Earlier that night, Jenner had walked the Metropolitan Museum of Art steps in an archival Alexander McQueen design, while the three-time Grammy winner had worn a theatrical Maison Margiela creation by John Galliano.

	The gala comes about five months after reports emerged that the rumored couple had broken up, which Bunny seemingly went on to confirm in April with his Myke Towers collaboration, “Adivino.” “Our love story is beautiful and weird,” he sang on the track, as translated from Spanish by Genius. “I was faithful to your eyes and to your lips loyal/ But no, we’re not what we were/ You were one of my loves, I was just another of your exes.”

	The song — which debuted at No. 53 on the Billboard Hot 100 — dropped more than a year after he and Jenner were first spotted together at a Los Angeles restaurant in February 2023, after which they went to Coachella, attended a Lakers game, cuddled up at a Drake concert, vacationed in Idaho and had a number of other public sightings together over the next 10 months. They also attended last year’s Met Gala afterparty together.

	See the photo of Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny hanging out at the Met Gala afterparty below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.