Drawer
Search The Points Guy
Affectionately called the Big Easy, the city of New Orleans pulses with energy at every turn. From the French Quarter to the Garden District to the Treme, New Orleans' neighborhoods have their unique personalities. Each offers so many sights and activities it's impossible to fit them all into a travel guide.
Then there's the food. New Orleans' culinary scene is full of delicious food showcasing a slew of Cajun, Creole and classic Southern dishes. It celebrates the city's rich history, and you can taste it in every bite.
Unsurprisingly, hotels in New Orleans are equally as memorable. Accommodations here are exactly what you'd expect to find in a city brimming with culture, character and charm.
Whether you're after a quirky boutique hotel with local flair or a chic outpost of a big-name brand, New Orleans' accommodations have you covered. These are the best hotels in New Orleans — and what you can expect at each.
Opened in 1886, Hotel Monteleone claims to be one of New Orleans' last great family-run hotels. Less than a block from lively Bourbon Street, this Preferred Hotels-affiliated property gives guests easy access to many of the contemporary attractions and amenities for which this city is known. It doesn't forget about its storied past, though.
The interior remains distinctly baroque in style. Details like crown molding, chandeliers and matching patterned fabrics on beds and draperies are on display in the 522 guest rooms and suites. Modern-day comforts like Keurig coffee makers, minifridges and plush bathrobes are also available, should you crave a few contemporary amenities when you travel.
Splurge on one of the Literary Suites to sleep in a space that draws inspiration from famous American authors — such as Ernest Hemingway and William Faulkner — with ties to the hotel. Rooms and suites in the Hotel Monteleone's recently renovated Iberville Tower come with twice-daily housekeeping, marble bathrooms with walk-in showers, a New Orleans-themed amenity, private check-in, and a personal concierge.
You'll find one of New Orleans' quirkiest attractions outside the hotel's rooms and suites: a rotating carousel bar. The first and only rotating bar in the Big Easy, the Carousel Bar & Lounge is a popular spot for both guests and tourists staying elsewhere (guests in the Iberville Tower have early access). So, aim to arrive early if you want to sip your Sazerac or Pimm's Cup from one of the 25 coveted bar seats. For more substantial fare, sit for a meal at Criollo Restaurant, where seasonal Southern dishes are on the menu.
If you are interested in the paranormal, be on the lookout for spooky encounters during your stay. Hotel Monteleone is considered one of New Orleans' top haunted hotels. Visitors have reported locked doors opening and shutting on their own, elevators stopping on the wrong floors and apparitions of former guests appearing by rooms where they died.
By signing up, you will receive newsletters and promotional content and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge the data practices in our Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Rates at Hotel Monteleone start at $259 per night.
Occupying a former luxury apartment building from the 1920s, The Pontchartrain Hotel is a charming place to hang your hat in the quaint Garden District. The 106-room hotel's decor complements the building's 1920s facade through details such as rich fabrics in jewel tones, crystal chandeliers and old-fashioned room keys with red tassels.
Rooms continue the traditional, elevated design while drawing inspiration from the hotel's surroundings. An array of colors, including black, mint green, pale pink and red, appear on everything from the walls to draperies to furnishings; the colors are a nod to the city's Spanish-French roots and the Garden District's romantic Spanish moss-draped trees and palms. In-room amenities include reading nooks, desks and Le Labo toiletries.
On-site amenities are limited, but guests can access a few food and beverage outlets. At Silver Whistle Café, early morning essentials like coffee and pastries are available. The Bayou Bar might remind travelers of the Prohibition era, as it's adorned with dark wood and a piano. Jack Rose, the hotel's only full-service restaurant, brings you closer to the 21st century with a painting of famous New Orleans rapper Lil Wayne pictured with a tie and a piece of cake.
There's also the Tennessee Williams-inspired rooftop bar, Hot Tin, which has strong cocktails and panoramic city views. Williams was even one of the many famous faces over the years to check in to the hotel, which has also hosted Frank Sinatra and presidents Gerald Ford and George H.W. Bush. Why not add your own name to the list of fabulous guests?
Rates at The Pontchartrain Hotel start at $143 per night.
Situated in New Orleans' central business district, The Troubadour Hotel New Orleans is a clean, modern hotel that offers proximity to the bustling French Quarter neighborhood without sitting directly in the action.
Bookable with Hilton Honors points, this Tapestry Collection property is made for cool, trend-following travelers who desire modern yet timeless accommodations. All 184 rooms and suites pay homage to the art deco style and the 1970s through a mix of warm wood and leather furnishings, colorful local artwork, denim blue-hued headboards, throw blankets and carpets.
When you're not mixing up a drink with ingredients from the in-room cocktail kit, head to the laid-back Troubadour Lounge & Listening Room to hear some tunes and chill out while sipping a beverage. There's also the rooftop bar, Ingenue, where classic cocktails like peach bellinis, mojitos and Palomas come with a fresh twist.
A 24-hour fitness center is also available on-site, should you wish to maintain your fitness regimen during your stay.
Rates at The Troubadour Hotel New Orleans start at $110 or 32,000 Hilton Honors points per night.
One of the most interesting facets of The Windsor Court is its art collection, worth more than $10 million, which is displayed throughout the property. However, this impressive feature is only one of many reasons to visit this luxurious hotel.
Found in downtown's Central Business District, this member of the Preferred Hotels & Resorts family offers all kinds of upscale amenities. This includes a tranquil rooftop pool, a well-equipped fitness center, concierge service that's practically guaranteed to get you a reservation at any restaurant in town and a full-service spa with customized facials designed by biomedical expert Augustinus Bader. Even pooches and felines are cared for when they stay, thanks to the property's Pampered Pets Program; it spoils four-legged friends with perks like plush beds.
Guest rooms and suites feature dark wood furnishings, floral prints on curtains and throw pillows, finely patterned taupe carpeting and pops of pale blue throughout. All accommodations come with fully stocked minibars, flat-screen TVs, marble bathrooms, and private balconies or bay windows with views of the Mississippi River or the city skyline.
As for dining, you'll find a variety of restaurants on-site: The Grill Room (which serves American cuisine), The Polo Club (with elevated pub fare and live jazz music) and the seasonal Pool Bar (where salads, sandwiches and frozen cocktails are on the menu). A salon serving afternoon tea on weekends and a grab-and-go cafe with caffeinated beverages, homemade sweet treats and more are also available.
Rates at The Windsor Court start at $301 per night.
One of the newest hotels in the French Quarter, One11 Hotel offers the perfect blend of solitude and convenience. This boutique property has a phenomenal location on the southwestern edge of the lively French Quarter neighborhood. It gives guests enough peace and quiet to get a restful night's sleep without keeping them too far away from the action on Bourbon Street.
Housed in a former sugar warehouse, the decor combines contemporary design with original features. Each of the 83 guest rooms and "sweets" (a playful nod to the property's history) has a neutral color scheme that lets original details — like exposed brick walls, high beamed ceilings and natural timber pillars — shine. Expect modern essentials like glass walk-in showers, flat-screen TVs and pillow-top mattresses.
For a boutique hotel, One11 Hotel offers quite a few property amenities. A courtyard with a fire pit and pool is available for lounging. Additionally, guests can venture eight stories up to the rooftop terrace for incredible views of the neighborhood and the Mississippi River. Visitors can enjoy complimentary access to a fitness center located across the street.
When you start to get hunger pangs, head to the first-floor Batture Bistro + Bar, which serves New Orleans-inspired fare for breakfast, brunch and lunch. Small plates and cocktails are available later in the day as well for those who need some sustenance after a day of exploring the French Quarter.
Rates at One11 Hotel start at $199 per night.
Related: Understated glamour and hospitality: The One11 Hotel in New Orleans
If you're planning to visit The National WWII Museum (or another attraction in the Warehouse Arts District), The Higgins Hotel New Orleans should be on the top of your hotel list. This Curio Collection property, named after a local entrepreneur who built more than 20,000 boats used during World War II, is the official hotel of The National WWII Museum. It features art deco decor inspired by the time period. In addition to The National WWII Museum, it sits within walking distance of the Ogden Museum of Southern Art and the Contemporary Arts Center, New Orleans, making it an ideal spot for museumgoers.
The Higgins is only about a mile from Bourbon Street's bars and restaurants, though its drinking and dining establishments are worth sticking around for. Rosie's on the Roof serves up city views and delectable small plates like crab beignets, while the French-inspired Café Normandie is open daily for breakfast and lunch. Additional options include Kilroy's Bar & Lounge, a terrific spot for happy hour, and Provisions, a grab-and-go cafe with drinks, sandwiches and salads.
Once you've satiated your appetite, retreat to your room or suite. All 230 accommodations offer at least 360 square feet of space and come equipped with minifridges, 55-inch TVs, walk-in showers and custom linens with red, white and blue piping. Book one of three suites named after former presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower, Harry S. Truman and Franklin D. Roosevelt to enjoy extras like a spacious terrace, a kitchenette, a soaking tub and an entrance foyer.
Rates at The Higgins Hotel New Orleans start at $175 or 50,000 Hilton Honors points per night.
Related: Trendy and affordable steps from the French Quarter: My stay at the Canopy by Hilton New Orleans Downtown
With just 67 rooms and suites, Maison de la Luz feels more like an intimate guesthouse than a traditional hotel you'd find in any city in America.
Every corner and detail has a thoughtful design, with an eclectic mix of decor styles combined to a beguiling effect. The concierge desk looks like a 1920s Hollywood movie palace concessions counter; the Breakfast Room is flooded with light that sets the royal blue furnishings and blue palm wallpaper off to dazzling effect. The Living Room lounge is a snapshot of a vintage Egyptian hotel lobby with boldly patterned rugs, African-inspired wall art and brass chandeliers with pink shades.
Spacious guest rooms are just as thoughtfully adorned as the rest of the property, with wavy, blue headboards, mismatched light fixtures and huge windows that let ample light pour in. Room rates also cover several extra touches, including a daily pot of coffee, a carafe of filtered water and a post-breakfast glass of iced tea; a nightly wine and cheese reception; concierge service; and use of a pool and gym at the adjacent Ace Hotel New Orleans.
On-site dining options are limited but include 24-hour room service and buffet and a la carte breakfast options at the aptly named Breakfast Room. Guests also enjoy priority access to neighboring establishments like Bar Marilou, Josephine Estelle and Three Keys, so don't be afraid to ask the concierge to put your name on the list. This is Southern hospitality, after all.
Rates at Maison de la Luz start at $296 per night.
Housing only 14 rooms, The Chloe exudes New Orleans charm from the moment you arrive. Occupying a 19th-century mansion, the hotel displays (and sells) all kinds of local art and sundries to bring more genuine flair.
The hotel feels like a home away from home. The lobby bar has rich green walls and busy fleur-de-lis bar stools; meanwhile, blush pink walls, upholstered booths with vibrant floral patterns and an assortment of hanging plants await patrons in the property's Creole restaurant. The small outdoor pool also offers a classic pool bar with a beachy blue exterior, wicker barstools, wooden accents, and a collection of straw hats.
The guest rooms offer simpler (yet stylish) designs, mostly white with blue or black pops of color. While each room category is slightly different in appearance, all come equipped with locally sourced touches like record players with vinyl records, handwoven robes, chocolates, bath salts and oils. Breakfast is complimentary every day.
Rates at The Chloe start at $280 per night.
The vibe at Ace Hotel New Orleans is trendy, hip, mature, and, some might say, ascetic. It might not have the bold colors or plush fabrics of some other hotels on this list, but its affordable price point and pared-down design draw many visitors.
The hotel has a second-floor gym and Three Keys, a music venue where you can listen to live jazz, rock and blues performances. The Ace also features five dining outlets, including one in Alto — a rooftop garden with a heated pool, fire pits and lounge chairs for enjoying cocktails and small plates. Additionally, guests can head to Lovage for drinks and pastries on the go, the lobby bar, a seafood-focused eatery and Josephine Estelle, which dishes up Southern cuisine with an Italian twist.
Inside the 234 rooms and suites (all pet-friendly), you'll discover boho-chic midcentury modern furniture, plus large windows and moody black, gray and brown color schemes. Standard amenities include wall-mounted flat-screen TVs, custom bathrobes, Smeg refrigerators and fully stocked minibars with local treats. Music lovers will want to pay extra for a suite, as they're also outfitted with Martin guitars and turntables with various vinyl records.
Rates at Ace Hotel New Orleans start at $143 per night.
The Ritz-Carlton, New Orleans, is located on Canal Street, just one block from the French Quarter. Housed in the former Maison Blanche department store building, this Marriott-affiliated outpost wows with its beaux-arts design. Resembling the Garden District's pre-Civil War mansions, the property is packed with eye-catching details, ranging from marble floors and ornate chandeliers in the tall, light-filled lobby to verdant plants surrounding a bubbling fountain in the tranquil courtyard.
Unsurprisingly, amenities here aim to attract guests who prefer the finer things in life but still want a taste of New Orleans while on-site. The property is home to the largest spa in the city. You'll find a whopping 20 treatment rooms for locally inspired spa services such as the Voodoo Ritual and a couples package that incorporates coffee and praline (two New Orleans staples). Additionally, guests can enjoy farm-to-table fare at the fine dining restaurant M Bistro or enjoy cocktails or afternoon tea in the elegant Davenport Lounge.
As for accommodations, you'll have your pick of 528 rooms, including the Residence, that continue the luxe New Orleans theme. The decor varies by room category, but expect Big Easy touches like headboards with fleurs-de-lis accents and vibrant throw pillows and curtains in Mardi Gras-appropriate colors. Some suites have balconies or terraces overlooking the Mississippi River; others have exclusive access to a lounge with concierge services and culinary offerings throughout the day.
Rates at The Ritz-Carlton, New Orleans start at $234 or 50,000 Marriott Bonvoy points per night.
Opened as an orphanage in 1861, Hotel Saint Vincent invites guests to branch out beyond the elegant, traditional decor commonly found in Garden District accommodations. The property's interior is not for the faint of heart. Guests will either love or hate the pink tiled bathrooms and bright, kaleidoscopic wallpaper —  This is retro, 1970s style at its boldest.
The 75 rooms are on the small side: Measurements start at 252 square feet for basic Crescent King rooms and measure no more than 589 square feet for the largest suite available, the Mary Suite. However, they come with all the essentials, including walk-in showers, flat-screen TVs and minibars. Plus, some offer private furnished verandas or direct access to the hotel's courtyard, where the pool and pool bar are located.
When you're not taking a dip in or lounging by the small outdoor pool, browse the local textiles and jewelry sold at the ByGeorge New Orleans Boutique. Or, head to the guest-only Chapel Club lounge for drinks.
Enjoy pastries and specialty dishes like dumplings and noodles at Elizabeth Street Café, a French-Vietnamese eatery to satiate your appetite. There's also the signature San Lorenzo restaurant, where menu items combine Italian and New Orleans flavors.
Rates at Hotel Saint Vincent start at $221 per night.
This Hyatt property — part of the brand's Unbound Collection — is conveniently located in the Warehouse Arts District, placing guests just two blocks away from the bustling French Quarter. Situated inside seven historic warehouses that once housed local businesses like the Gulf Baking Soda company and The Daily Picayune newspaper, The Eliza Jane is named for Eliza Jane Nicholson — The Daily Picayune's first female publisher.
Several parts of the 196-room property pay homage to the building's rich history. At The Press Room — the hotel's lobby lounge full of antique typewriters and original architectural details — guests can ease into their day with a cup of coffee and a newspaper, or they can mix and mingle while enjoying snacks and cocktails. Couvant, The Eliza Jane's signature restaurant, also takes cues from its past: It serves French-inspired specialties in a dining room full of art from the Peychaud Cocktail Bitters factory that once occupied the space.
Beyond the food and beverage outlets, visitors can access a 24-hour fitness center with various machines, including a Peloton bike. The property also sports a charming courtyard with a gas lantern and a bubbling fountain and a small business center with a tablet, printer and fax machine.
Given the array of structures that comprise the property, each accommodation features a unique design and layout. However, there are a few commonalities, including bathrooms with white subway tiles, tufted leather headboards, polished brass fixtures, and accent walls or furnishings with floral prints and patterns. Some rooms and suites also have exposed brick walls (painted or in their natural state) and wooden beams.
Rates at The Eliza Jane start at $175 or 17,000 World of Hyatt points per night.
Related: The 12 hotels where you'll get the most out of your Hyatt reward night certificate
Kimpton Hotel Fontenot brings IHG's whimsy brand to the up-and-coming Warehouse Arts District — and it's pet-friendly. Like other Kimpton properties, this New Orleans location's nightly rates cover all kinds of amenities, including the use of in-room yoga mats, a 24-hour fitness center and loaner bikes, plus a wine reception every evening.
Guest rooms and suites here are spacious and stunning, offering light and airy interiors with pops of light blue and pale pink; the metal and wicker beds are dressed in Frette linens, and the curvaceous art deco-inspired chaise lounges are upholstered in velvet. All accommodations also come outfitted with minibars stocked with local items, plush bathrobes, Bluetooth speakers and Atelier Bloem toiletries. The hotel added 33 rooms and suites in a 2023 expansion that also saw the addition of a new French restaurant, King.
The gorgeous design continues in the Hotel Fontenot's two more established on-site bars. The ornately decorated Peacock Room bar serves craft cocktails and small plates like local oysters and chorizo-stuffed dates in a chic space; its murals and deep blue banquettes nod to its namesake bird. Meanwhile, Gospel Coffee and Boozy Treats is an interesting take on the typical cafe: You can add a shot of alcohol to any menu item, whether you enjoy it in the cool black-and-white space or take it to go.
Rates at the Kimpton Hotel Fontenot start at $136 or 23,000 IHG One Rewards points per night.
Originally the World Trade Center and International Trade Mart, this waterfront 34-story tower is now the Four Seasons Hotel New Orleans. Inside the historic modernist building — designed by highly regarded architect Edward Durell Stone to commemorate New Orleans' 250th anniversary in 1968 — visitors will find 341 accommodations, 61 of which are suites.
The sleek decor is a breath of fresh air that contrasts nicely with the city's 19th-century character and the more classic look of other luxury hotels in the area. Each spacious room offers at least 438 square feet of elbow room, plus a clean, bright look; decor includes white shiplap walls, a light gray chaise, blond wood furnishings and a bathroom covered in marble. All have walk-in showers, Nespresso coffee makers, iPads for service requests and minibars stocked with a selection of soft drinks, wine and snacks; select upgraded accommodations also come with freestanding bathtubs and walk-in closets.
Even the pickiest of eaters will find plenty to enjoy here. The hotel has two restaurants to choose from, including Miss River — which serves elevated New Orleans fare like blackened snapper with creamy rutabaga and pecan chimichurri — and Chemin à la Mer — where patrons can savor a variety of Louisiana-inspired dishes while taking in picturesque views of the Mississippi River. The Chandelier Bar, a chic lobby-level hangout, is also available for classic New Orleans cocktails and gourmet snacks such as caviar, duck liver pate and fried oysters, among other options.
For even more pampering, head to the hotel's spa, which houses a sauna and a steam room. No visit would be complete without a dip in the crescent-shaped pool on the hotel's fifth floor.
Rates at the Four Seasons Hotel New Orleans start at $405 per night.
The cheekily named Hotel Peter & Paul is housed in a renovated complex featuring a former church, schoolhouse, convent and rectory. It gives guests the unique opportunity to sleep in a one-of-a-kind apostolic hotel. The 71 rooms are just as eclectic as the Marigny neighborhood in which the property resides, offering old-fashioned details fitting of this converted church.
No two rooms are the same, but you can expect traditional touches such as plaid textiles in yellow, green, red or blue hues, black rotary phones and antique furnishings perfectly polished to make any sexton proud. Know, though, that entry-level rooms are tiny, with some only measuring 200 square — enough space to squeeze in a set of twin bunk beds or a full or queen-size bed.
When you're not sleeping, visit The Elysian Bar for more elbow room. Open daily for breakfast and dinner, the eatery offers an assortment of pastries and caffeinated beverages in the morning; it transforms into a sit-down establishment at night. Highlights from the dinner menu include oven-roasted beef bone marrow and roasted Gulf shrimp with Calabrian chile butter.
Rates at Hotel Peter & Paul start at $149 per night.
This townhouse-turned-boutique hotel, the Henry Howard Hotel, sits in the verdant Garden District. Unlike other properties in the neighborhood, you'll discover a mishmash of styles here. This includes everything from Greek Revival elements (think: tall columns and crisp white paint) on the facade to a parlor with Italianate details (like an ornate chandelier and period-appropriate furnishings). Yet despite the blending of styles, every aspect of the property pulls together and works.
Inside the 18 rooms, you'll find a mix of modern and vintage furniture atop hardwood floors. Accent walls with patterned wallpaper depict city scenes, and brass instruments serve as wall art. The compact but beautiful bathrooms have pedestal sinks and Beekman 1802 Fresh Air bath products.
Property amenities are limited, but guests can relax in the parlor, on the front porch or in the courtyard when they're ready to venture outside their rooms. Coffee, pastries and cocktails are available daily in the parlor.
Rates at the Henry Howard Hotel start at $159 per night.
You're in the Big Easy, baby. The whole town is a party — right? But don't feel bad if you have a night in while staying at Virgin Hotels New Orleans, where the party — plus a dose of Southern charm — is alive and well within these walls.
Funky designs (think: a sculpture of a man in a bunny costume playing chess in the library) are some of the first eye-catching clues that this hotel is more than just a place to sleep and shower. Book a table at Commons Club for everything from dinner to a burlesque brunch, where you can tack on a bottomless Veuve Clicquot accompaniment to your shrimp and grits.
Upstairs, you'll find guest rooms and suites with city views and spacious dressing rooms, even in the most affordable guest rooms. Don't forget to escape the New Orleans heat at The Pool Club on the rooftop — doing laps always feels better when seeing the sun set over the Crescent City.
Rates at Virgin Hotels New Orleans start at $198 per night.
A French Quarter glow-up arrived earlier this year at the W New Orleans — French Quarter.
The hotel unveiled an extensive, multimillion-dollar renovation of its 97 guest rooms and suites and Carriage House suites. The new color palette is a nod to Sazerac, the signature amber-hued New Orleans cocktail, and bayou moss as well as the nautical heritage of the city. Guests will also find elevated, modern furnishings and French-style wall moldings with gold hardware and soft accent lighting in their accommodations — the design team refers to it as "textural gumbo."
Guests who splurge on Carriage House suites can be treated to more than just extra elbow room. The one-bedroom studio suite comes with a living area as well as a private courtyard to feel like a true resident of the French Quarter.
The 3rd Block Depot Kitchen + Bar is the W's sleek restaurant and bar serving Southern classics mere steps from Bourbon Street. 3rd Block's bananas Foster French toast is decadent, but don't forget you're in one of America's top food cities: The W concierge team is more than happy to help you find any number of scrumptious restaurants in the surrounding neighborhood.
Rates at the W New Orleans – French Quarter start at $224 or 42,000 Marriott Bonvoy points per night.
Louis Armstrong New Orleans International Airport (MSY) is a roughly 15-mile, 25-minute drive to downtown New Orleans, where you'll find some of the city's most popular neighborhoods.
Travelers flock to New Orleans for the French Quarter and Bourbon Street during the bacchanalia of Mardi Gras and beyond. This is one of the city's oldest parts and where you'll find some of the most historic boutique hotels (with the occasional big brand masquerading as a boutique hotel).
New Orleans' Central Business District and Warehouse District are where travelers looking for bigger, modern hotels or proximity to the Caesars Superdome and additional nightlife venues and restaurants.
Uptown and the Garden District have more of a residential feel suitable for travelers looking for a quieter experience with access to boutique shopping and art galleries. There's more of a bohemian-meets-jazz residential vibe to the east of the French Quarter in the Marigny, where jazz clubs and bistros dot the streets.
Maximize your travel
By signing up, you will receive newsletters and promotional content and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge the data practices in our Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe at any time.
The Points Guy believes that credit cards can transform lives, helping you leverage everyday spending for cash back or travel experiences that might otherwise be out of reach. That’s why we publish a variety of editorial content and card comparisons: to help you find a great card to turn your goals into reality.
When you choose to apply (and are approved) for a new credit card through our site, we may receive compensation from our partners, and this may impact how or where these products appear. While we don’t cover all available credit cards, our editorial team creates and maintains all of the analysis of these cards, and our content is not influenced nor subject to review by any credit card company, bank or partner prior to (or after) publication. Please view our advertising policy and product review methodology for more information.
Copyright © 2025 The Points Guy, LLC. All rights reserved. A Red Ventures company.