Karol G & Luis Miguel are also among the Latin winners at the BBMAs, which aired Thursday night (Dec. 12).

													By
												

	Sigal Ratner-Arias

Deputy Editor, Billboard Español

	For the fifth consecutive year, Bad Bunny won Top Latin Artist at the Billboard Music Awards, which aired its 2024 edition Thursday night (Dec. 12).

	The Puerto Rican superstar also got the Top Latin Male Artist and Top Latin Album honors, the latter for Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana, which debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and led the Top Latin Albums chart for 10 weeks since its debut in October 2023.

	Following with two awards is Fuerza Regida, which not only won in Top Latin Duo/Group, but also the general Top Duo/Group category, beating international stars such as Blink-182, Coldplay, Linkin Park and K-pop sensation Stray Kids. The San Bernardino, Calif., group placed three titles in the Top Latin Albums top 10 during the eligibility period (Oct. 28, 2023, to Oct. 19, 2024) for this year’s BBMAs, including Pa Las Baby’s Y Belikeada, which peaked at No. 1 and led for three weeks; Dolido Pero No Arrepentido (EP), which reached No. 5; and Pero No Te Enamores, which reached No. 2.

	










	“First of all, we wanna thank all the fans, thank you guys very much, we really appreciate you guys,” said JOP, the band’s leader, accepting both awards during the ceremony. “You know, we’re making history together. We’re the best group right now in the world,” he added, also thanking their label Street Mob Records.

Karol G won Top Latin Female Artist for the third consecutive year. The Colombian superstar triumphed this year on the charts with the merengue hit “Si Antes Te Hubiera Conocido,” which led her to become the first artist since 2014 to dominate the Hot Latin Songs, Latin Airplay and Tropical Airplay charts simultaneously, achieving 22 weeks so far at No. 1 on the latter.

	Meanwhile, Luis Miguel won the Top Latin Touring Artist award for his historic 2023-2024 world tour. The trek, which ends Dec. 17 in Buenos Aires, Argentina, was declared the highest grossing Latin tour of all time in September, making more than $300 million in its first 146 concerts.

	Newcomer FloyyMenor earned his first BBMA thanks to his mega-hit with Cris MJ, “Gata Only,” the first song by a Chilean artist in 25 years to reach No. 1 on the Hot Latin Songs chart, where it remained at the top for 14 weeks.

	“I want to thank my family, my wife, my work team and my brother Cris MJ who couldn’t come, but I send him a big shout-out and a hug,” FloyyMenor said after receiving the trophy. “I feel proud to be Chilean and to represent my country. We’re going to continue carrying the Chilean flag high.” He added that fans can expect an album from him in 2025.

	










	The 2024 Billboard Music Awards were produced by Dick Clark Productions, which is owned by Penske Media Corporation. PMC is also the parent company of Billboard.

	Check out the 2024 Billboard Music Awards’ Latin winners (highlighted among the finalists) in the list below.

	Blink-182

	Coldplay

Fuerza Regida – WINNER

	Linkin Park

	Stray Kids

Bad Bunny – WINNER

	Fuerza Regida

	Junior H

	Karol G

	Peso Pluma

Bad Bunny – WINNER

	Junior H

	Peso Pluma

Karol G – WINNER

	Shakira

	Kali Uchis

	Eslabon Armado

Fuerza Regida – WINNER

	Grupo Frontera

Bad Bunny

	Karol G

Luis Miguel – WINNER

Bad Bunny, Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana – WINNER

	Fuerza Regida, Pa Las Baby’s Y Belikeada

	Grupo Frontera, El Comienzo

	Junior H, $ad Boyz 4 Life II

	Karol G, Mañana Será Bonito (Bichota Season)

	Bad Bunny, “Monaco”

	Bad Bunny & Feid, “Perro Negro”

FloyyMenor & Cris MJ, “Gata Only” – WINNER

	Karol G & Peso Pluma, “QLONA”

	Xavi, “La Diabla”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.