The debate on whether children should be allowed to swear has always been a contentious one among parents.
Now, one mother has taken this even further by sharing five 'ordinary' phrases that her child is forbidden from uttering - sparking a heated debate online.
Bunny Hedaya, an internet personality, acknowledged her stance might be a little controversial, but hoped other parents would see her point of view. Taking to TikTok (@bunnyhedaya), she said: "I don't care if my son curses and I want you to hear me out because I think is gonna be a hot take.
"But I would hope most people agree with me. Obviously, my son just doesn't go around cursing, right? But he knows that he's not going to get in trouble if he does."
The creator believes there is a significant difference between swearing with 'emotion' and using words as an insult.
For instance, she expressed indifference if her son exclaims 'oh s***' after dropping something, as it's a response driven by emotion. Whereas, calling someone a 'piece of s***' is an entirely different ballgame.
However, 's***' was not on the list of completely banned words in Bunny's home, and her reasoning may surprise you. She added: "Now, the words that I don't allow him to say are harder to implement since he's older now...But I don't allow it, like, if he's on the phone and I hear these words, he's [got to] hang up.
"The reason I don't allow these words is because I think you manifest with every single word and thought that you have. So, I think having these words and saying these words, they have meaning, they have power, they have energy."
Believe it or not, these banned words are: 'stupid', 'idiot', 'loser', 'lame' and 'die' or 'kill'. Bunny herself was even hesitant to say the last two aloud, spelling them out phonetically. In the caption, she asked: "Do you agree?"
Unsurprisingly, Bunny's video was quick to rack up countless comments on the platform, with various users chiming in with their own lists of banned words. One person wrote: "I don’t let my girls say jealous," as others added: "HATE is a big one for me," and: "In my house it’s BORED. Never say bored!"
Meanwhile, some viewers were baffled by Bunny's approach, with one commenting: "I think you need to keep in mind your kid may not believe the same thing you believe and he is older and letting him have is own opinions is important."
Another also stressed: "I have never understood why 'bad words' even exist. They are WORDS. They’re made up, just like all language is. It means nothing until society assigned it meaning."
What do you think? Let us know in the comment section below
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.