By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG and CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:57, 10 January 2024   |  Updated:  15:35, 10 January 2024   
 105
View  comments
Kendall Jenner was pulled over by police in Beverly Hills on Tuesday and ticketed for running a stop sign with close pal, Hailey Bieber, in the passenger seat.
The 818 Tequila founder, 28 - who recently sparked speculation that she posted a snap of ex Bad Bunny - could be seen in the driver's seat of a $200k Mercedes-Benz G500 Cabriolet.
The reality star was pictured flashing a flirty smile and conversing with an officer that had approached her luxurious vehicle shortly after cruising around the iconic Beverly Hills Hotel. 
The supermodel was 'cited for running through a stop sign' and after receiving a ticket, was able to go on her way, law enforcement sources told  TMZ. 
Despite being pulled over, both Kendall and Hailey appeared to be in good spirits, and were seen laughing and smiling amidst the interaction.  
Kendall Jenner, 28, was pulled over by police in Beverly Hills on Tuesday and ticketed for allegedly running a stop sign with close pal, Hailey Bieber, in the passenger seat
The reality star was pictured conversing with an officer that had approached her luxurious vehicle after the pair had been cruising around the iconic Beverly Hills Hotel
The 818 Tequila founder could be seen in the driver's seat of a Mercedes-Benz G500 Cabriolet 
Kendall has previously been spotted being pulled over by police, and 10 years earlier in 2014, both Jenner and her BFF Hailey were seen in a similar situation. 
The budding star - who was just 19-years-old at the time - had been pulled over on Santa Monica Boulevard after Christmas tree shopping. 
The TV personality was reportedly stopped due to driving her sleek, Range Rover at night without the headlights on. 
At the time, Kendall was seen talking to a cop that stood at her driver's side window while Hailey sat in the passenger seat. 
Jenner's latest interaction with police comes after she sparked speculation that she posted an image with her ex, Bad Bunny, in New Year's Eve photos she uploaded to Instagram on Monday. 
The catwalk queen shared snaps from her recent New Year's Eve getaway to Barbados - which seemed to include a photo of the Puerto Rican rapper.
She took a snap of her friends gathered on the beach - and observers pointed out the blurry man in the photo appeared to be her ex.
Fans speculated the man standing at the front, clad in a white and brown outfit with a wine glass in hand, may have been the 29-year-old hitmaker born Benito Martinez Ocasio. 
Law enforcement informed the outlet that the supermodel was 'cited for running through a stop sign' and after receiving a ticket, was able to go on her way
Despite being pulled over, both Kendall and Hailey appeared to be in good spirits, and were seen laughing and smiling amidst the interaction
The officer is seen handing an object to the TV personality after she was pulled over during an outing in Beverly Hills 
A Beverly Hills police SUV was stopped a few feet behind Kendall's sleek vehicle which was stopped on the side of a road 
After the incident, Kendall began driving off as her best friend, Hailey, looked through her smartphone in the passenger seat 
This was not the first time Kendall has been spotted being pulled over by police, and 10 years earlier in 2014, both Jenner and her BFF Hailey were seen in a similar situation
'kendall jenner posts bad bunny on her instagram page for the first time. (white pants, white tee, brown sweater, holding a wine glass, in the front.),' the fan account @kennyandbenito tweeted.
'lmao the way she used the blur feature across his face lowkey cracks me up! but this is cute none the less,' one fan replied.
Fans debated whether or not the man in the photo was indeed Benito, but the couple also appeared to be photographed as they hung out on the beach in a snap circulating on social media.
Further raising eyebrows, a friend who was with Kendall on the Barbados trip shared video of their New Year's Eve fireworks display. Fans pointed out he can be heard saying 'Feliz ano nuevo' in the clip.
Kendall rang in the New Year in Barbados with pals Justin and Hailey Bieber, but reports recently claimed she had reunited with Bad Bunny during the trip as well.
They were joined by their mutual friends for the celebration, but sources revealed that they are not back together.
An insider told TMZ that they hung out because of their mutual friends but there is nothing romantic going on between them yet.
DailyMail.com confirmed the report with a source revealing that they 'aren't dating even though they were just seen with each other. They are very friendly with each other.'
An officer was seen stepping out of a police vehicle and made his way over to Kendall's parked car
Jenner's latest interaction with police comes after she sparked speculation that she posted an image with her ex, Bad Bunny, in New Year's Eve photos she uploaded to Instagram on Monday
Fans speculated the man standing at the front, clad in a white and brown outfit with a wine glass in hand, may have been the 29-year-old hitmaker born Benito Martinez Ocasio
However, the insider said that rekindling their romance in the future is possible if they are able to spend more time with each other.
'Something might happen when they have more time to spend with other, but they are not giving it time it would deserve to make it work,' the source added.
In mid-December, it was reported that the 818 Tequila founder and Bad Bunny split after almost a year together.
Kendall also shared additional snaps of the trip earlier last week as she posed up a storm on the beach, and in one picture, posed with her BFF Hailey. 
An insider told TMZ that they hung out because of their mutual friends but there is nothing romantic going on between them yet; former couple seen in September 2023 in Milan 
Kendall also shared previous snaps as she posed up a storm on the beach, and in one picture, posed with her BFF Hailey
Jenner showed off her toned frame wearing a fitted, cream-colored sheer dress that contained a large cutout on the front. The Rhode founder was radiant in a white dress that also clung to her fit physique. 
In the caption of the post, The Kardashians star reflected on entering 2024 and penned, 'years pass, and they seem faster and faster. presence and time is all i can ask for.' 
'So grateful for what has past, so optimistic for what's to come. go love on the people you hold close to your heart, and don't waste a second ❤️.' 
'2024, shower me with love and laughter, gratitude and growth, patience and presence,' she concluded. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group