By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:24, 3 April 2024   |  Updated:  07:48, 3 April 2024   
 17
View  comments
Nick Cannon and his baby mama Abby De La Rosa's son Zillion, two, has been 'recently' diagnosed with autism.
The entertainer, 43, and the DJ, 33, made the announcement Tuesday, which happens to be World Autism Awareness Day, in a joint Instagram statement.
Autism spectrum disorder is a developmental disability caused by differences in the brain, as per the CDC, and those who are diagnosed often struggle with 'social communication and interaction, and restricted or repetitive behaviors or interests.'
'Today our family recognizes World Autism Awareness Day which is beyond meaningful to us because our amazing 2 year old, Zillion, was recently diagnosed with ASD,' Nick and Abby wrote.
'Our beautiful boy experiences life in 4D and teaches us something new everyday! His love, strength and brilliance light up every room he enters!
Nick Cannon and his baby mama Abby De La Rosa's son Zillion (pictured with Cannon on Sunday), two, has been 'recently' diagnosed with autism
Nick and Abby share twins Zillion and Zion (left) as well as daughter Beautiful (right), 16 months 
The entertainer, 43, and the DJ, 33, made the announcement Tuesday, which happens to be World Autism Awareness Day, in a joint Instagram statement
'We are blessed that God had placed such an amazing spirit under our guardianship and we have accepted this assignment wholeheartedly!'
In honor of World Autism Awareness Day, Nick and Abby extended their love to 'families worldwide, acknowledging shared challenges and championing understanding. 
'Together, let's create a world of acceptance and compassion.'
Nick and Abby share twins Zillion and Zion as well as daughter Beautiful, 16 months. 
Abby elaborated on their family's autism journey and how the past year has been 'one of the most challenging years of my life.
'Constantly advocating and fighting for answers all while working and trying to be the best mother, friend, and partner,' she wrote.
In wake of Zillion's diagnosis, the family altered their Easter Sunday plans to accommodate their son's sensory needs.
Abby explained that they held a 'glow in the dark Easter egg hunt' for their kids and that Zillion 'absolutely loved it.'
'Today our family recognizes World Autism Awareness Day which is beyond meaningful to us because our amazing 2 year old, Zillion (center right), was recently diagnosed with ASD,' Nick and Abby wrote; seen in June 2023
'We are blessed that God had placed such an amazing spirit under our guardianship and we have accepted this assignment wholeheartedly!' they continued
Abby elaborated on their family's autism journey and how the past year has been 'one of the most challenging years of my life
In wake of Zillion's diagnosis, the family altered their Easter Sunday plans to accommodate their son's sensory needs
Abby explained that they held a 'glow in the dark Easter egg hunt' for their kids and that Zillion 'absolutely loved it'
She said that they plan to go 'bigger and brighter' next year
She said that they plan to go 'bigger and brighter' next year.
The radio personality shared photos from their family's backyard Easter bash, where Nick dressed up as the Easter Bunny.
Zillion and his twin Zion were dressed in pastel green puffer vests with white T-shirt and striped green pants.
Meanwhile, baby Beautiful matched her mom in a pink tulle dress with satin bunny ears.
For the Easter egg hunt, the kids changed out of their Easter Sunday attire and into comfy tie-dyed sweatsuits. 
Cannon visited all twelve of the children he shares with six different women on Sunday in his Easter Bunny attire.
The rapper shared photos from each house he hopped to, starting with a picture with his two eldest kids, twins Monroe and Moroccan, 12, whom he shares with ex-wife Mariah Carey, 55. 
'What this Holiday means to me!! This Easter, Zen's Light Foundation had the honor of spreading joy and light to over 150 wonderful souls at St. Mary's Children's Hospital in Bayside,' the caption read in part, referencing his late son Zen.
Cannon visited all twelve of the children he shares with six different women on Sunday in his Easter Bunny attire; pictured March 18
He shared photos from each house he hopped to, starting with a pic with his two oldest kids, twins Monroe and Moroccan, 12, who he shares with ex-wife Mariah Carey, 55
His next stop was at Brittany Bell's house where he spent time with his son Golden Sagon, seven, daughter Powerful Queen, four and son Rise Messiah, two
Next he shared an adorable series of photos with his daughter Onyx, one, in which he's on the ground with her as she giggles. 'Happy Easter Sunday! Onyx with Daddy Bunny,' he wrote over the first photo
'Happy Easter from Onyx Ice Cole Cannon!,' he captioned the post
His next stop was at Brittany Bell's house where he spent time with his son Golden Sagon, seven, daughter Powerful Queen, four and son Rise Messiah, two.
'Happy Easter from Daddy Bunny!!' the doting dad captioned the snap of him sitting on the floor with his legs splayed in front of him and his three kids sitting between them.
Next he shared an adorable series of photos with his daughter Onyx, one, in which he's on the ground with her as she giggles.
'Happy Easter Sunday! Onyx with Daddy Bunny,' he wrote over the first photo.
'Happy Easter from Onyx Ice Cole Cannon!,' he captioned the post.
One fan commented: 'My new slogan is if Nick Cannon can be there for all 25 of his kids ain’t no reason why y’all Dead beats out here.'
From there he went over to Abby de la Rosa's house to visit his twins Zillion and Zion and daughter Beautiful.
'@hiabbydelarosa and I created a Bunny Fantasy World for Zilly Zion and Beautiful!!!' Happy Easter from our family to yours!!,' he wrote adding bunny emojis.
A couple of days before Easter, Bri Tiesi, 32, shared a photo with Nick and their son Legendary, one.
The trio posed with an Easter Bunny in the snap which was shared to both Cannon and Tiesi's Instagram accounts.
A couple of days before Easter, Bri Tiesi , 32, shared a photo with Nick and their son Legendary, one. The trio posed with an Easter Bunny in the snap which was shared to both Cannon and Tiesi's Instagram accounts
 The Drumline actor also shared a slideshow of his busy Easter to his Instagram Stories
Nick shares his 12 kids with six different women
The only child he didn't post a photo of is his son Halo, one, whom he shares with Alyssa Scott.
Cannon and Scott were also parents to their late son Zen.
The Drumline actor also shared a slideshow of his busy Easter to his Instagram Stories.
Nick shares his 12 kids with six different women.
TV host Nick Cannon has 12 children with six different women.
Nick has children with: Mariah Carey, LaNisha Cole, Brittany Bell, Bre Tiesi, Alyssa Scott and Abby de la Rosa. 
His children are: Monroe and Moroccan, Onyx, Rise, Powerful, Golden, Legendary, Halo, Zen (he passed away), Beautiful, Zion and Zillion. 
 In early November 2022, pregnant Alyssa confirmed Nick was the father of her child, just 11 months after they lost their son Zen at age five months due to brain cancer.
Cannon is the proud father to 11-year-old twins Monroe and Moroccan with ex-wife Mariah Carey.
He welcomed his eighth child, Legendary Love, with Bre Tiesi on June 28, 2022.
Nick's ninth child - daughter Onyx Ice with model LaNisha Cole - was born on September 14, 2022.
Less than two weeks after Onyx arrived, Nick welcomed his 10th child, a son called Rise Messiah Cannon on September 23, 2022, with Brittany Bell, who he already shares two children with: daughter Powerful Queen, two, and son Golden, five.
Nick recently welcomed baby number 12 with Alyssa Scott - daughter Halo Marie Cannon, born on December 14, 2022.
They had a son as well, but he died in 2021. Nick and Alyssa's beloved son Zen died from a brain tumor on December 5, 2021.
Zen had previously suffered from hydrocephalus, in which fluid builds up in the cavities of the brain and increases the size of the ventricles, putting pressure on the brain.
He was diagnosed with a malignant tumor in his head and was rushed in for surgery. Zen made it out of surgery but his health began to deteriorate around Thanksgiving, and ultimately he died on December 5.
'We knew since August that Zen's time on this earth would be limited. We knew he would not make it to see 6 months,' Scott previous shared in an Instagram post. 'I am eternally grateful he was in the arms of the people who loved him most.'
He had his 11th child with his baby mama Abby De La Rosa -  daughter Beautiful Zeppelin on November 11, 2022; they also share twin sons Zion Mixolydian and Zillion Heir, one.
Daughter Monroe and son Moroccan with ex wife Mariah Carey
Nick and Mariah Carey tied the knot in 2008, and they welcomed the rapper's first kids on April 30, 2011 - a set of twins named Monroe and Moroccan Scott. The family is pictured in 2018
Nick and Mariah Carey tied the knot on in the Bahamas in 2008, and they welcomed the rapper's first kids on April 30, 2011 - a set of twins named Monroe and Moroccan Scott.
According to People, Monroe was named after late actress Marilyn Monroe, who was said to be an inspiration to Mariah. They decided not to give her a middle name since Mariah doesn't have one.
As for Moroccan, the idea for his name came from the Moroccan décor in Mariah's apartment, which is where Nick proposed to her.
His middle name, Scott, is also Nick's middle name and his grandmother’s maiden name.
Back in December, in the wake of Zen's death, Nick spoke out about how hard it was for him to tell the twins, who are now 11 years old, about Zen's passing - but credited their support, especially Monroe, with helping him get through the tragedy.
He said Monroe is so 'so pure and so honest,' and called the 11-year-old his 'best therapist.' 
'Having to explain that to [then]-10-year-olds ... is pretty intense,' he admitted to People.
'But their understanding and them being there for me probably helped me keep it together as well as really deal with it. Specifically, Roc and Roe. They were there for the entire journey.
'My daughter, really, she's so in tune and in line and wise beyond her years. I got a lot of therapists, but she's probably my best therapist.
'She keeps me in check. She's so pure and so honest. To be 10, she asks some really strong and powerful questions.
'Really, just it's all out of love. She's my oldest child. Even though they're twins, she came out first and she lets everybody know it. She's helped me keep it strong.'
Back in 2016, after the birth of his second son, Golden, Nick opened up about the twins' relationship with their younger sibling, and he revealed that they really enjoyed having a little brother.
'They love hanging out with him, and it is almost like they are more concerned about him having fun than them having fun,' he gushed to Entertainment Tonight.
'They are always trying to make them laugh, and he is walking now, so they are trying to get him all the toys.
'Watching that whole older sibling thing take place, they understand the responsibility of it. They understand that they can teach him things, so it is really cool.'
He also called them 'geniuses,' and admitted that he was not happy with how fast they were growing up.
'I'm fine with my son growing up. It's my daughter that I have a problem with,' he joked. 'I mean, shotgun's loaded.'
As for how he his ex Mariah were co-parenting the twins, he explained in 2016 that they had come to a place of 'understanding and unconditional love.'
'When you come from a place of understanding and unconditional love for so many things, you can't really go wrong,' he said.
'It would be very easy to throw our egos in - what we believe we want to do with our time and effort - but then you step back.
'When it comes to my kids, it is whatever they want at whatever time, and I build my schedule around it.
'Those children are the most important thing to both of us. It kind of turned her into this wonderful mother, that I feel like the world started to connect with her on that level.
'There will always be unconditional love and a great relationship. That is one of my best friends in life, so it is always going to be that.
'The fact that there is no bad blood and we can still coexist, I think that is the best place for it.'
Sons Golden and Rise Messiah, and daughter Powerful Queen, with Brittany Bell 
Nick and Phoenix Suns dancer Brittany Bell have sons Golden, five, Rise Messiah, born September 23, 2022, and daughter Powerful Queen, two , together. They are pictured here  in 2021
After his split from Mariah, Nick dated Phoenix Suns dancer Brittany Bell on-and-off for years.
They welcomed a son together, named Golden Sagon, on February 21, 2017.
At the time, Nick gushed on Instagram, 'Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning!
'No matter how hard the world may hit you, God always reminds us of our purpose! Welcome to Earth, son. #TrueHappiness #Awakened.' 
Reports came out that the couple had split after that, but in November 2020, they were seen walking hand-in-hand at his 33rd birthday celebration - with Brittany sporting a growing baby bump.
They then welcomed their second child, Powerful Queen, in December 2020.
'The best gift ever,' Brittany, who is also a model, shared on Instagram at the time.
'We have been surprised with… A GIRL! Powerful Queen Cannon came this week, perfect timing for Christmas.
'So much more to share. All I can say is that Nick was my rock through the most intense yet empowering natural water birth.
'It was nothing but POWERFUL. Merry Christmas! THANK YOU GOD.' 
One month later, Nick was asked by Power 106 radio hosts if her pregnancy had been an 'accident,' and he insisted that it was not. 
'I’m having these kids on purpose,' he said. 'I didn’t have no accident. [There were] a lot of people that I could’ve gotten pregnant that I didn’t. You only live once.'
In December 2021, just after Powerful Queen's first birthday, the Masked Singer host couldn't stop raving over how smart she was on Instagram.
He shared a clip of her saying words like 'nose, cat, dog, and tree' while he held up flashcards for her.
'Wow! Look at this brilliant baby!' he captioned it. 'They got mad when we named her POWERFUL QUEEN! Y’all lucky I didn’t go with my other choice GENIUS EMPRESS!
'LOL. I can’t take any of the credit here though! That’s all her amazing mommy.'
On September 23, 2022, Nick and Brittany welcomed their third child together, son Rise Messiah, weighing in at 10lbs. 
Sons Zion Mixolydian and Zillion Heir and daughter Beautiful Zeppelin with Abby De La Rosa
Nick and Abby De La Rosa, who is a DJ and broadcast professional, kept their relationship a secret until they announced that they were expecting twin boys together in April 2021 
The boys - who they named named Zion Mixolydian and Zillion Heir - were born on June 14, 2021. They are pictured in December 2021
Nick and Abby, who is a DJ and broadcast professional, kept their relationship a secret until they announced that they were expecting twin boys together in April 2021.
'Our dearest sons - my miracle babies, thank you for choosing me to be your mommy,' Abby wrote on Instagram at the time, in a now-deleted post.
'I know the Lord has destined me and prepared me for the gift of not one but two little angels.
'I pray that God gives you both the strength to walk brave and boldly in your individual truth just like your daddy... That God bless you and your brother and guide you into living out your full purpose.
'Your dad and I will always be here for you both; in complete unison and support.
'No matter what this world may throw your way, know that forgiveness is key and what is for you - is for YOU! You both are already so loved and we can't wait to meet you both.' 
The boys - who they named named Zion and Zillion - were born on June 14, 2021.
In an Instagram Q&A, Abby later revealed that she and Nick accidentally got pregnant in April 2020, but sadly, they lost that baby. Then, they became focused on getting pregnant again. 
'First pregnancy, April 2020, was definitely not planned, but Nick was such a great friend to me and just so good to me, and then our focus became to have a baby,' she explained. 'Little did we know we would end up having twins.
'Let me just add that this planning wasn't like us sitting down with a calendar and being like, "You gotta be pregnant by this date." It had already been a thought and it happened.
'It had already been out there, it was something we were manifesting and we were just letting it flow.' 
Now, they are gearing up to welcome their third child together, whose gender is unknown. 
On November 9, 2022, pregnant Abby confirmed Nick was the father of her unborn child.
She gave birth to his 11th child, daughter Beautiful Zeppelin on November 11, 2022. 
Family: He had his 11th child with his baby mama Abby De La Rosa - daughter Beautiful Zeppelin on November 11, 2022; they also share twin sons Zion Mixolydian and Zillion Heir, one 
Son Legendary Love with Bre Tiesi 
Nick Cannon has become a father for the eighth time after welcoming his first child with model Bre Tiesi, 31, a baby boy named Legendary Love (pictured) - while still awaiting the arrival of his ninth baby with a fifth woman  
Nick first revealed that he was expecting an eighth child with model girlfriend Bre, 31, back in January, when the couple were seen attending a gender reveal to celebrate the news that they were having a baby boy together. 
He then shared the happy news on an episode of his since-canceled talk show The Nick Cannon Show, saying at the time: 'It's a boy! We found out yesterday. Everyone knows I have a lot of children. It's never a competition. Each one is special.'
Bre took to Instagram to announce the birth of the couple's son, Legendary Love, revealing in a candid post that their baby had arrived in an 'all natural unmedicated home birth', while heaping praise on Nick for 'showing the f up' and being 'an amazing and supportive partner'. 
Legendary was born on June 28, 2022. 
'I did it,' she wrote, while sharing several black-and-white photos taken during her labor and birth. 'An all natural unmedicated home birth. 
'This was the most humbling / limit pushing yet awakening and completely empowering experience. I can’t thank my team enough for delivering my son safely. This experience has changed me forever and I couldn’t [have] asked for a more amazing and supportive partner. 
'Daddy showed the f up for us... I couldn’t [have] done it without you. I can’t believe he’s here.'
Images taken during the birth show Nick caring for his partner during her labor, even taking a bath with her at one point, possibly to try and ease her contraction pain. 
A photo of the proud mom and dad with their newborn baby also shows Nick cutting his son's umbilical chord, while wrapping a protective arm around his son and partner Bre, who also shared video footage from her birth on YouTube. 
'The vlog of my birth is now live on my YouTube,' she revealed. 'I have documented my pregnancy, natural induction, labor, delivery as well as more information and resources for doulas midwife’s and hypno birthing. It’s real raw and I hope It helps anyone considering an unmedicated home birth.'
In her YouTube video, Bre documented her experience of labor, sharing clips of herself trying to work through the pain of her contractions and impending delivery - with Nick by her side the whole time. 
The new mom revealed that the couple's son Legendary Love weighed 8lbs 10oz at birth and measured at 21 inches, adding in an intro slide: 'Trigger warning. This video is quite intense. It is my real and raw natural birth experience with a lot of screaming and [it] is a little graphic. 
'Viewer discretion advised.' 
She also revealed that the couple had something of a scare during the birth, explaining that her son had a 'long crown' because his hand was up by his ear when he was born - a condition known as nucal hand. 
'So he needed a little respiratory support from [my midwife],' she wrote. 'I noticed he wasn't crying...' 
Daughter Onyx with LaNisha Cole
Adding to the brood: Nick Cannon made the surprise announcement that he had welcomed his ninth child with his tenth and 11th children still on the way as he shared this family snap featuring 40-year-old model and new mom Lanisha Cole
Nick Cannon made the surprise announcement that he had welcomed his ninth child 
The actor, 41, shocked fans as he took to Instagram in September 2022 to announce that he had welcomed a child with 40-year-old model LaNisha Cole.
He shared a snap of the proud new parents with the bundle of joy - a daughter - with a lengthy caption which revealed the child's name is Onyx Ice Cole Cannon, born on September 14, 2022.
The lengthy caption began: 'Introducing ONYX ICE COLE CANNON… Once again Today I am in Awe of the Devine Feminine! God has given me and @MissLanishaCole the privilege of hosting an Angel here on earth. I vow to protect, provide, guide and love this child to the best of my abilities.' 
As he has impregnated several women over the years, he went on to explain that though he as skin thick enough to deal with the criticism, it doesn't exactly run in his family.
 He wrote: 'As we all know I am not easily triggered and have quite tough skin and have always been an open book but not everyone in my family has that same level of strength. So I pray and ask others to please project all criticism and cynicism towards ME and not the loving and precious Mothers of my children.'
Nick was romantically linked to LaNisha in February 2021 as she shared a now deleted video of him in a room filled with balloons, however, they split at the end of the month.
LaNisha is an American fashion model who was best known for her eight seasons as a rotating model on The Price Is Right hosted by Bob Barker then Drew Carey.
Son Zen and daughter Halo with Alyssa Scott
Nick met Alyssa Scott when they both starred in MTV's Wild 'N Out. Years later - in January 2021 - they announced that they were having a baby together
Nick met Alyssa Scott when they both starred in MTV's Wild 'N Out. Years later - in January 2021 - they announced that they were having a baby together.
Their son, Zen, was born on June 23, 2021, with Alyssa writing at the time, 'I will love you for eternity.'
But when the baby was two months old, they noticed he had come down with a cough that wouldn't go away, and decided to have it checked out by doctors.
'I always noticed he had a cough and so I wanted to check it out,' Nick later said on The Nick Cannon Show.  
'He had this interesting breathing and by the time he was two months, I noticed he had this nice sized head too, we called it a Cannon head.
'We didn’t think anything of it, but I wanted to take him to the doctor for his sinus and breathing.'
After taking the newborn in for a 'routine' checkup, they were told he had a malignant tumor and needed emergency surgery immediately. 
He had also developed hydrocephalus - a condition where fluid builds up in the cavities of the brain causing the head to increase in size and ultimately putting pressure on the brain. 
He unfortunately passed away on December 5, 2021 - spending his last moments by the ocean.
He unfortunately passed away on December 5, 2021 - spending his last moments by the ocean 
'He was the most loving. We called him Z Chilling. He was always smiling. He had the most beautiful spirit,' Nick said after his death.
On the Today show, Nick praised Alyssa - 'who carried a beautiful child for nine months and nurtured and cared for him every single day through this process' - for her 'strength.'
'[Alyssa] is strong,' he said. 'She is definitely one of the strongest individuals I've known.
'I couldn't imagine - I mean, as a father, it's painful, but for a mother who carried a beautiful child for nine months and nurtured and cared for him every single day through this process.
'There were so many medicines and so many trips to the hospital and the doctor, and also she's a mother-of-two so to watch her go through this...' 
At the time, he said he was using his faith and therapy to get through the immense loss. 
'I'm taking it - as my therapist says - five minutes at a time, but I'm optimistic in finding the purpose through all of the pain, so I'm attempting to smile, I'm attempting to be the high-frequency individual that I've set out to be, but along the way there's definitely some curves in the journey, so I'm taking it five minutes at a time.
'Honestly [there] was a lot of fear involved [in telling people about Zen's death]. I'm so used to being upbeat and outspoken and even vulnerable at times, where I'll talk about anything.
'But this was probably the most delicate and the most precious thing I've ever had to talk about.
'And I didn't know how to talk about it, I never imagined having to be in this scenario, so as much as it was such an outpouring of love, there was a lot of fear, there was obviously some hurt.
'I wanted to be the protector as well for all of the rest of my family, Alyssa and [everyone], so I wanted... It's a very delicate thing, even when talking about this.
At the time, he said he was using his faith and therapy to get through the immense loss
In January 2022, the star admitted that he was 'still missing his little dude' Zen, while sharing a throwback photo of Moroccan, Zion, Zillion, and Monroe sitting with him, as he held Zen
'And that's coming from a person who is used to talking to people each and every day live here on television. It's scary.'
After the tragic passing, Nick opened up about the 'guilt' he felt about having to divide his time between working and being a dad.
'I'm a father, first and foremost. There's a lot of guilt that I feel and I talk about this in therapy all the time,' he admitted.
'It's rooted in not having enough time to spend with my loved ones, specifically my children, because I have a lot of children.
'I'm also spread so thin in my work because that's how I cope. That's how I deal with things.
'I have several jobs and several shows and movies and music, all that stuff. And I call myself a provider for many, but one thing no matter how much money I generate, one thing I can't generate is time.
'It's not about quantity, it's about quality. And it's really just having quality moments with my children, quality moments with my family.
'Had a lot of quality moments with Zen in his short time here. I always say time is a manmade thing, but love and energy is a godsend.'
In January 2022, just days before his and Bre's gender reveal party, the star admitted that he was 'still missing his little dude' Zen in an emotional Instagram post.
'Still missing my little dude… His spirit and brightness were so strong #ZensLight,' he captioned a throwback snap that showed Moroccan, Zion, Zillion, and Monroe sitting with him, as he held Zen.
He added: 'The whole family, we ALL miss you young King! Forever Our Angel!' 
In early November, pregnant Alyssa confirmed Nick was the father of her unborn child. 
Alyssa gave birth to his 12th child - daughter Halo Marie Cannon in December; she was born on December 14, 2022. 
Baby girl! Nick Cannon's baby mama Alyssa Scott announced that the couple have welcomed a daughter together via a touching Instagram video; daughter Halo Marie Cannon was born on December 14, 2022

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group