ByJim Ryan
ByJim Ryan,
 Contributor. 
St. Vincent performs on stage on day two at Riot Fest. Saturday, September 21, 2024 at Douglass Park ... More in Chicago, IL
Since moving outdoors in 2012, Riot Fest has set itself apart in a crowded festival sphere by evolving, continually embracing new sounds which embody the punk rock ethos while creating a uniquely immersive concert going experience that embodies the festival’s independent spirit.
The 2024 performance slate reflects Riot Fest’s continual support of their Chicago home, one featuring a headlining performance by pop punks Fall Out Boy Friday as well as an early set by Dat_Boy_Zach Saturday, a 9 year old rapper who hails from the city’s North Lawndale neighborhood (home to Douglass Park where Riot Fest has been staged in front of about 50,000 concertogers each day since 2015).
Landing opposite Dat_Boy_Zach before noon Saturday was Verböten, a punk rock trio performing on stage together for the first time since 1983.
Manchester Orchestra performs their album 'Cope' on day two at Riot Fest. Saturday, September 21, ... More 2024 at Douglass Park in Chicago, IL
In ‘83, Verböten singer/guitarist Jason Narducy (Verbow, Split Single, Bob Mould) was just 12 years old, working alongside vocalist Tracey Bradford and bassist Chris Kean (with new drummer John Carroll rounding things out 41 years later).
Verböten’s story is a good one - one re-exposed by Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl, who grew up spending time with Bradford (a family friend) on Chicago’s far north side and featured both Bradford and Narducy in a 2014 episode of his HBO series Sonic Highways, explaining the personal impact their young group had on him.
“What’s up, Riot Fest? We’re Verböten!” proclaimed Narducy on stage Saturday in Chicago. “It’s lovely to see you all. Thanks for coming,” he said, cramming as much rapid fire riffage as possible into the group’s impressive thirty minute set just two weeks prior to the release of their self-titled debut album coming October 4, 2024.
Beach Bunny performs on stage on day two at Riot Fest. Saturday, September 21, 2024 at Douglass Park ... More in Chicago, IL
The local flare continued courtesy of Chicago’s own Beach Bunny, a Saturday afternoon highlight.
Offering up viral hits like “Prom Queen,” the power pop/indie rock group also worked up an unnamed single from their forthcoming third studio album, with the lush lead vocals of singer Lili Trifilio augmented by the jangly, uber-catchy guitar of Anthony Vaccaro.
Saturday’s Riot Fest schedule was packed, with a headlining performance from Beck preceded by appearances from Pavement, St. Vincent, The Hives and a full performance of the Cope album by Manchester Orchestra as it nears its 10th birthday.
Anthony Vaccaro performs on stage with Beach Bunny on day two at Riot Fest. Saturday, September 21, ... More 2024 at Douglass Park in Chicago, IL
While Swedish garage rockers the Hives managed to win best in show on Saturday, with hilarious frontman “Howlin’” Pelle Almqvist making his way into the audience despite a torn ACL, Texas indie rockers Spoon weren’t far behind, working up “Don’t You Evah” late in a one hour performance on the AAA stage, rolling out “Do You” next.
“Chicago, what do you want? What do you really want?” asked experimental rocker Annie Clark in her guise as St. Vincent over 60 minutes on the Cabaret Metro stage which masterfully melded the ideas of music and imagery.
Clark’s guitar prowess was on full display during “Los Angeles” while a funky keyboard sparkled on a warm day outdoors in Chicago, driving an impassioned take on “Pay Your Way in Pain.”
'Howlin'' Pelle Almqvist of the Hives greets fans during a performance on day two at Riot Fest. ... More Saturday, September 21, 2024 at Douglass Park in Chicago, IL
“Thank you, Riot Fest beauties!” said Pavement singer and guitarist Stephen Malkmus during a one hour Riot Fest performance.
In 2017, the group’s “Harness Your Hopes” went inexplicably viral, catching fire on platforms like Spotfiy and TikTok, breathing new life into the band as its first gold single.
On stage Saturday at Riot Fest, Pavement sounded reinvigorated, sharing an entertaining rapport which sounded more like a functioning band and less like a group making the festival circuit cash grab.
Stephen Malkmus performs on stage with Pavement on day two at Riot Fest. Saturday, September 21, ... More 2024 at Douglass Park in Chicago, IL
From 1994’s Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain album, “Cut Your Hair” sounded relevant early on the Riot Fest stage, with Pavement slowing things down as they followed with “Range Life.”
A stripped down take on “Summer Babe” was resplendent late as Pavement closed up with “Stop Breathin.’”
“How are you guys doing?” asked alternative rocker Beck, headlining Riot Fest Saturday over 75 minutes spent on the Cabaret Metro stage in his return to the Chicago festival for the first time since 2018. “What an amazing group of musicians and bands. Holy…” he mused, trailing off.
Beck began Saturday by revisiting his 1996 commercial breakthrough Odelay, in fine form as he worked up “Devils Haircut” and “The New Pollution” to open the show.
St. Vincent performs on stage on day two at Riot Fest. Saturday, September 21, 2024 at Douglass Park ... More in Chicago, IL
Delivering a funky, wah-wah-driven guitar during “Mixed Bizness,” Beck would shift gears drastically, working elements of psychedelia, rock and pop into “Girl.”
“Thank you, we’re just getting warmed up,” said Beck from atop a two-tiered stage following “Girl” before tearing through a particularly raucous take on the surf rock-informed “Gamma Ray.”
“Wow, Riot Fest…” began Beck, setting up the array of sounds that would soon define “Wow” in Chicago’s Douglass Park. “What’s up, Chicago? I love this city. I’ve been walking around here for the last two days. I don’t even wanna go home,” he gushed. “If you love Riot Fest say, ‘Yeah!’” Beck continued, riling up the festival throng. “Thank you guys so much. You guys are amazing.”