The rapper has apparently "been wanting her back" since their split.
Getty Images
 Kendall Jenner and Big Bunny are reportedly giving their relationship another shot after calling it quits last year. The on-again couple,  who first sparked reconciliation rumors after a cozy Met Gala after-party rendezvous, have been seemingly inseparable since the star-studded event. Jenner was spotted supporting the rapper at one of his concerts just days later, and the “Monaco” star planned a private dinner date for them at his restaurant in Miami. Per People, multiple sources confirmed that Jenner and Bad Bunny are back together, and their relationship is in a really strong place after their short-lived break.

 "[Their relationship is] going well and they're prioritizing spending time together as they figure it out," a source reportedly told the publication, adding that because there wasn’t any bad blood, it was easy to get back into the swing of things.  "There wasn't ever any drama in their breakup and they missed each other."

 According to another source, Bad Bunny, whose real name is Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio, started having second thoughts about their breakup when rumors began swirling that Jenner was giving her ex Devin Booker another chance

Getty Images
 "Benny was not happy that Kendall was dating,” they said, adding that the musician has "been wanting her back."

 Another insider shed some light on the reason the couple broke up late last year, saying they were “not on the same page in life." However, taking time apart made them realize just how much they wanted to be together.

 "It's like they needed the break to miss each other enough to figure things out," the source said. “They always had this crazy attraction to each other. Things are great again."

 Both Jenner and Bad Bunny have stayed mum on their reunion, but sources said that things are going well so far. "Kendall is happy. Benny is very charming and is always sweet to her."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)