As we near the end of Summer we offer tribute to biz lady, DJ, model, fitness guru and hottie Sommer as she inspires another peek at pop culture, community news and top headlines.
Check TKC news gathering . . .
THUNDERGONG! features a star-studded lineup of performers in support of its mission to provide care, hope and comfort to amputees needing financial support. The musical variety show was first creat...
The barn doors have opened for the 2024 Missouri State Fair. The Show Me State's largest agriculture expo is underway in west-central Missouri's Sedalia. State Fair Director Jason Moore said a new feature at this year's fair is a drone show. "The first three nights after each concert, it'll be done in conjunction with our [...]
The attack on constitutional freedoms in Marion placed a spotlight on the inherent tension between journalists and the powerful people they hold accountable
The West Bottoms area, once notorious for its muddy parking lot, has become a destination with the introduction of a new event and parking space.
A Q&A with Lacey Knight, a former Playboy Bunny who is using burlesque shows as a showcase for Kansas City women of all body types.
Creator and entrepreneur Sommer Ray's ingestibles line Imarais Beauty can be found in stores around the world.
President Biden said in an interview set to air Sunday that "the most important thing" is to "defeat [former President] Trump" after he dropped out of the presidential race. "When I ran the first t...
Donald Trump's campaign is banking on younger male voters to put him over the edge in November as he adjusts to the reality of a new presidential contest against Vice President Kamala Harris that his aides say remains his to lose.
Philonise Floyd described Tim Walz, who was governor when his brother was murdered in Minnesota in 2020, as a "family man with a good heart."
Donald Trump is putting immigration at the heart of his campaign to retake the White House. He is pushing the Republican Party towards an aggressive strategy of deporting millions of people.
Former New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio said the manner in which Vice President Kamala Harris handled crowds at her rallies chanting "lock him up" when she referred to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was "presidential" and showed voters that Democrats believe in the rule of law.
Palestinian health authorities say an Israeli airstrike hit a school-turned-shelter in central Gaza City, killing at least 80 people. The Israeli military acknowledged the strike on the Tabeen school, claiming it hit a Hamas command center within the school.
Ukrainian forces pushed into Russia this week to attack a border region in a stunning counteroffensive that comes after Kyiv has been largely on the defensive for the past year and a half. The Ukr...
More than 480 people have been arrested for involvement in attacks on Muslim, immigration and other sites as well as police and passersby.
The billboard is in silhouette of a cat on an empty, distressed billboard in north-west London.
A man in Taiwan filed for divorce from his wife after she demanded he pay for sex - on account of him being overweight and bad in bed. The unlikely incel, surnamed Hao, had married his wife Xuan in 2014 and had two children, according to the South China Morning Post.
The Royals have few answers in the pen.
The Paris Olympics is the first Olympic Games since Kansas Governor Laura Kelly signed the bill into law legalizing sports betting in September of 2022.
Amtrak Missouri River Runner on Friday introduced its new mascot "Ollie."
What are the things we should be monitoring as the Kansas City Chiefs play their preseason Week 1 game against the Jacksonville Jaguars?
More chances for rain next week
Vampire Weekend – Classical  is the song of the day and this is the OPEN THREAD for right now.
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management