AAPL: 205.04 ( 8.28 )								

									Copyright © 2025 Quiller Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
								
Image Credit: Apple
Apple Music continues to expand its live-hosted radio stations with three new offerings: Apple Musica Uno, Apple Music Club, and Apple Music Chill. On Tuesday, Apple announced that music fans can tune into a handful of new live-hosted music stations for free, without a subscription. Like Apple's other live-hosted stations, these will feature music experts and artists from around the globe. "Music is crucial to our health and happiness, and what Apple Music Radio brings is a sense that your music is always there for you, always on, and waiting for you to just tap in," said Zane Lowe, Apple Music's global creative director and lead anchor for Apple Music 1. "In a world of AI and algorithms, Apple Music Radio is live. It's real people, it's a shared event, and I'm so excited to be broadening that experience to listeners worldwide with three new stations."Apple Musica UnoApple Musica Uno, Apple's new global Latin music station, will feature hot new hits from genres like Musica Mexicana, Latin Pop, tropical, and more. The first song to air on Apple Musica Uno will be Bad Bunny's new release, "EL CLuB."  Becky G will serve as Apple Musica Uno's station guide | Image Credit: AppleApple has tapped charting artist Becky G to serve as the station's official launch host. Other hosts include Rauw Alejandro, Grupo Frontera, Evelyn Sicairos, and Lechero.Apple Music ClubThose who love dance and electronica can tune into the new Apple Music Club, a station designed to keep the party going anytime, anywhere. It will feature mixes from forward-thinking DJs around the world.  Apple Music will feature exclusive mixes from artists like FKA twigs | Image credit: AppleHosts will include Tim Sweeney and NAINA and feature curated sets from Circoloco, Tomorrowland, The Warehouse Project, and more. The first song set to play on Apple Music Club will be the iconic club track "Big Fun" by Inner City. Apple Music ChillFor those who prefer a more relaxed listening experience, Apple Music Chill is an excellent option to explore. The station will feature music designed to set the mood but won't be locked to any specific genres. Apple Music Chill will feature artists like Stephan Moccio | Image credit: AppleAdditionally, Apple Music Chill will feature "mindful moments meant to remind listeners to make the time to find center and calm," Apple notes. Hosts will include Brian Eno, Stephan Moccio, and Apple's own Zane Lowe, with Apple Music's Sabi acting as station guide. The first song played on Apple Music Chill will be an exclusive premiere of Beck's new recording of George Harrison's "Be Here Now."Those who want to tune in to any new stations can do so wherever they listen to Apple Music, including iPhone, iPad, CarPlay, Apple Watch, Apple TV, Mac, HomePod, or on the web at music.apple.com.In 2020, Apple rebranded Beats 1 to Apple Music 1 and launched Apple Music Hits and Apple Music Country. 
On Tuesday, Apple announced that music fans can tune into a handful of new live-hosted music stations for free, without a subscription. Like Apple's other live-hosted stations, these will feature music experts and artists from around the globe. 
"Music is crucial to our health and happiness, and what Apple Music Radio brings is a sense that your music is always there for you, always on, and waiting for you to just tap in," said Zane Lowe, Apple Music's global creative director and lead anchor for Apple Music 1. 
"In a world of AI and algorithms, Apple Music Radio is live. It's real people, it's a shared event, and I'm so excited to be broadening that experience to listeners worldwide with three new stations."
Apple Musica Uno, Apple's new global Latin music station, will feature hot new hits from genres like Musica Mexicana, Latin Pop, tropical, and more. The first song to air on Apple Musica Uno will be Bad Bunny's new release, "EL CLuB." 
Apple has tapped charting artist Becky G to serve as the station's official launch host. Other hosts include Rauw Alejandro, Grupo Frontera, Evelyn Sicairos, and Lechero.
Those who love dance and electronica can tune into the new Apple Music Club, a station designed to keep the party going anytime, anywhere. It will feature mixes from forward-thinking DJs around the world. 
Hosts will include Tim Sweeney and NAINA and feature curated sets from Circoloco, Tomorrowland, The Warehouse Project, and more. The first song set to play on Apple Music Club will be the iconic club track "Big Fun" by Inner City. 
For those who prefer a more relaxed listening experience, Apple Music Chill is an excellent option to explore. The station will feature music designed to set the mood but won't be locked to any specific genres.
Additionally, Apple Music Chill will feature "mindful moments meant to remind listeners to make the time to find center and calm," Apple notes. 
Hosts will include Brian Eno, Stephan Moccio, and Apple's own Zane Lowe, with Apple Music's Sabi acting as station guide. The first song played on Apple Music Chill will be an exclusive premiere of Beck's new recording of George Harrison's "Be Here Now."
Those who want to tune in to any new stations can do so wherever they listen to Apple Music, including iPhone, iPad, CarPlay, Apple Watch, Apple TV, Mac, HomePod, or on the web at music.apple.com.
In 2020, Apple rebranded Beats 1 to Apple Music 1 and launched Apple Music Hits and Apple Music Country. 
Amber worked at MacNN and Electronista from 2015 until 2017, reviewing software, apps, games, and tech accessories. In 2019, she signed up with AppleInsider, where she covers all things Apple, with a focus on tech rev...
Does anyone actually listen to Apple's streaming stations?I cannot think of anyone who does.

Does anyone actually listen to Apple's streaming stations?I cannot think of anyone who does.
I have never met anyone who does, but I do. There's lots of great shows and hosts on Apple Music One/Hits. I like that there's more expansion, so it's not going anywhere.

I have never met anyone who does, but I do. There's lots of great shows and hosts on Apple Music One/Hits. I like that there's more expansion, so it's not going anywhere.

davgreg said:
Does anyone actually listen to Apple's streaming stations?I cannot think of anyone who does.

I definitely do. I like the idea of live radio that you can directly add music being played to your library if you like it. Plus some of the interviews are pretty good. I like using it in CarPlay while driving if idk what else to listen to. Glad to see more stations being added here.


I definitely do. I like the idea of live radio that you can directly add music being played to your library if you like it. Plus some of the interviews are pretty good. I like using it in CarPlay while driving if idk what else to listen to. Glad to see more stations being added here.

davgreg said:
Does anyone actually listen to Apple's streaming stations?I cannot think of anyone who does.

Why do people post this? Humans all over the world like to do things that you don’t. 


Why do people post this? Humans all over the world like to do things that you don’t. 
“Hey Sri! Play Apple Music One.” I do it all the time. 

“Hey Sri! Play Apple Music One.” I do it all the time. 
Apple has now approved an update to the Spotify app on the App Store that includes direct links for purchasing and price information, after it was required to do so by a court ruling on April 30.
Apple will be bringing back a battery-case accessory for its planned iPhone 17 Air to help give the super-slim model all-day battery life.
Apple reportedly plans to shake up its iPhone release schedule starting with the iPhone 18, with only the flagship Pro models rumored to arrive in 2026.
Apple is bringing in Anthropic's Claude AI to help its engineers code faster, marking a quiet but telling shift in its approach to artificial intelligence.
While it'll probably look very familiar, the iPhone 17 is set to bring some performance increases and new features. Here's everything the rumor mill thinks is coming in the fall of 2025.
Apple's 2025 15-inch MacBook Air equipped with the M4 chip has dropped to $1,049 as retailers compete for your business in a May price war.
Both by getting an exemption, and by toiling for seven years to diversify its iPhone manufacturing efforts outside of China, the $900 million estimate of tariff impacts in the third quarter is paltry compared to what it could have been, and is for other companies.
Apple's App Store has been around for 17 years, and there's a rich history and a wealth of apps to discover. Here's what you need to know, and how to get started with it.
Apple's performing another executive reshuffle, with the managerial teams of the Apple Music and Global Affairs divisions being moved around as the company continues to optimize its operations.
Apple has released a new website called Snapshot, which looks like it's a guide to find out more about the stars of Apple Music, Apple TV+, and sports, although it's initially rather limited.
Apple is celebrating Earth Day by giving you a reason to declutter your junk drawer and get a discount while you're at it.