If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.

Do yourself a favor and give them a try.
Daniel Modlin was a senior editor for the Food & Drink Group. He covered food trends, cooking techniques, recipe roundups, gift guides, kitchen retailer sales, and product reviews. His work has recently appeared in The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, Architectural Digest, Travel + Leisure, and New York Magazine.
Getty Images
 Candy is a no-go in my house. No, I’m not one of those horrible people who hands out granola bars on Halloween — my problem is that I like candy too much. If I buy a bag of Sour Patch Kids, it’s gone before bed (who am I kidding, it’s gone before I even get home with it). 

 But here’s something I, a candy-lover, can tell you: Easter has the best candy. There are Cadbury eggs, chocolates shaped like bunnies, cute Pez dispensers, and of course, Peeps. But none of those really matter. The best Easter candy, and the best candy in general is Starburst’s Easter-edition jelly beans. 

Amazon
 The problem with typical Jelly-Belly jelly beans is this: They are loaded with bad flavors. There is absolutely nothing worse in life than grabbing a handful and realizing you accidentally crammed several butter-popcorn flavored beans into your mouth. This issue is, of course, only one-upped by Harry Potter’s real-life Bertie Bott’s Every Flavor Beans (troll snot, seriously?). 

 But it’s almost as if Starburst set out to rectify this bad-tasting jelly bean debacle once and for all. There are no bad flavors — in fact, all of them seem to be the same Starburst flavors I know and love, just in jelly bean form, which is ideal. After all, the main issue with Starburst is unwrapping all of them, right? 

 Of course, Starburst isn’t the only brand to translate its candy into egg and/or jelly bean form for Easter: There are Sweet Tarts beans, Swedish Fish beans, Sour Patch beans, you get the idea. But none of them are as good as Starburst beans. 

 This is because Starburst beans are the juiciest. Eating one is an explosion of flavor — not unlike eating a Gusher. I will say, the Sour Patch beans are a close second if you like sour candy, but Starburst are plenty tart — in fact, I’d say they are the best blend of sweet and sour out there.

 I’m clearly not alone. One Amazon shopper writes they “had to restrict their husband from eating the whole bag,” which is something I wish my partner would do for me. Another who notes that they are “lard-free,” something I wasn’t exactly concerned about, adds that they are “the best candy beans they’ve tasted in their entire life.” I couldn’t agree more. 

 So what are you waiting for? Whether you celebrate Easter or not, you need these beans in your life.

Amazon
Amazon
Amazon
Amazon
 At the time of publishing, the price was $3.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)