The 2024 Met Gala has come and gone, and the celebrities truly blossomed.
Indeed, the stars turned up and turned out for this year's "Garden of Time" dress code in support of the "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion" exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art May 6.
Some of the night's biggest, show-stopping looks came from, naturally, the four celebrities appointed to host this year's event: Bad Bunny, Zendaya, Chris Hemsworth and Jennifer Lopez. For the occasion, the group—who joined Vogue's Anna Wintour as co-chairs—donned impressive looks, with Jennifer hitting the carpet in custom Schiaparelli Haute Couture, Bad Bunny in custom Maison Margiela and Chris in Tom Ford. 
But it was Zendaya who turned out an impressive three looks: She first stepped onto the carpet in a Maison Margiela look, only reappear hours later in new makeup and a brand new Givenchy couture gown followed by a third Celia Kritharioti dress for inside the venue.  
And they weren't the only A-listers whose looks bloomed on the iconic red steps during the stylish event. Other standouts included Jessica Biel in Tamara Ralph and Tyla in a sand-inspired Balmain gown. (For a full look at all the incredible fashion, click here.)
But as everyone knows, no matter how good a party, sometimes the after-party is even better—as proven by how many stars attended part two of the Met Gala festivities. In fact, Lana Del Rey, Usher, Lil Nas X and Camilla Cabello were among the celebs to keep the night going at the many post-event festivities held throughout New York City. 
Plus, with almost all the attendees swapping out their Gala looks, the after-parties proved to be just as high-fashion as the main event. 
But don't take our word for it, keep reading to see all the best moments from the 2024 Met Gala after-parties. 
SZA & Lizzo
SZA wearing Oakley sunglasses.
Lana Del Rey
Penélope Cruz, Stella McCartney, Rita Ora & Shakira
Dua Lipa
The singer toasted with Dom Pérignon into the early hours of the morning.
Kendall Jenner & Bad Bunny
Teyana Taylor
Stella McCartney & Chris Hemsworth
Lil Nas X
Camila Cabello
Julianne Hough
Lewis Hamilton, Stella McCartney, Serena Williams & Karlie Kloss
Winnie Harlow & Teyana Taylor
Janelle Monáe
Barry Keoghan
Emily Ratajkowski
Adrien Brody, Stella McCartney & Georgina Chapman
Storm Reid
Cardi B & Hennessy Carolina
Ciara Miller & Paige DeSorbo
Serena Williams
Usher
Charli XCX
Elsa Pataky & Shakira
Matt Damon, Stella McCartney & Luciana Barroso
Karlie Kloss
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.