McDonald's is saying goodbye to nine items on its menu.
Some of the yummy things we won't be able to get anymore include the KitKat Ruby Chocolate McFlurry, which some people think is the "best ever". This pink and tasty ice cream with KitKat bits will be gone from Tuesday (March 12).
Other treats like the KitKat Milk Chocolate McFlurry, the Big Tasty, the Big Tasty with bacon, and mozzarella dippers are also going away. But it's not all bad news – as the fast food giant is also bringing back a special Easter treat that fans love.
READ MORE: Join the Daily Star's WhatsApp for the sexiest headlines, showbiz gossip and lots more
Starting Wednesday, you can try the Galaxy Truffle Bunny McFlurry and the Hot Cross Bun Pie. Plus, the McCrispy Deluxe, the Creme Egg McFlurry, and Halloumi Fries are coming back too.
The new Galaxy McFlurry will have pieces of Galaxy Truffle, bunny ears, and chocolate drops, all mixed with Galaxy chocolate sauce for £2.19. And if you love sweet drinks, there's a Hot Cross Bun Latte for £2.69, with cinnamon cream and a sprinkle that tastes just like hot cross buns, reports the Mirror.
The Creme Egg McFlurry, which mixes pieces of the famous Cadbury Easter sweet, will be back for £2.19. And a smaller version will also be on offer for £1.59.
Meanwhile, the Hot Cross Bun Pie will be launching. Priced at £1.99, it's a blend of crispy cinnamon pastry, spiced fruit mix and a buttery cream filling.
Celebrate St Patrick's Day in style... with a free Jamesons!
From March 11-17, the fun-filled Boom Battle Bar at The O2 in London is celebrating St Patrick’s Day with a limited-edition Jameson menu.
And they've convinced the legends at Jameson to give away 100 free Jameson, Ginger & Lime to celebrate Paddy’s Day. Iconic. Fancy bagging one for yourself?
Just sign up here and they'll send a bevvy voucher to redeem on March 17.
Also making a comeback is the McCrispy Deluxe after its successful first appearance last summer. The £5.89 burger is a fancier version of the standard McCrispy with a 100% chicken breast patty in hot and spicy mayo, topped with cheese and bacon.
These items will be on the menu from Wednesday, March 13. So check out the full list of newcomers and axed items below.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.