Manage your account
MUSIC
Live and Local Concert Series: 7-9 p.m. Friday, Bo Diddley Plaza, 111 E. University Ave. Free. (tinyurl.com/livelocal24) Live performance by Noah Moses, Buboy and Stirling Myles.
Steve Hackett: 8 p.m. Friday, Florida Theatre, 128 E. Forsyth St., Jacksonville. Tickets: $39.50-$89.50. (floridatheatre.com, 904-355-5661) Hot on the heels of his most successful solo tour ever, Steve Hackett will perform as part of his new “Steve Hackett Genesis Revisited - Foxtrot at Fifty + Hackett Highlights” tour.
Gainesville Youth Chorus: 7 p.m. Saturday, Glen Springs Elementary School, 2826 NW 31st Ave. Tickets: $25 general admission, $20 ages 16 and younger. (gainesvilleyouthchorus.com) This light theatrical show features songs from your favorite Broadway musicals and is a highlight of the GYC season. Desserts and coffee for sale by local vendors at intermission amid a dinner theatre atmosphere.
The Beach Boys: 7:30 p.m. Saturday, St. Augustine Amphitheatre, 1340C A1A South, St. Augustine. Tickets: $49-$119. (904-209-0367, theamp.com) The Beach Boys, who have become synonymous with the California lifestyle, will perform as part of their “America’s Band” tour.
Lyrics for Life: 8 p.m. Saturday, Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $150-$1,004. (lyricsforlife.org/gville-concert-2024) Rich and Carissa Blaser are partnering with Sister Hazel for a very special night to support Stop Children's Cancer, Florida Cancer Specialists Foundation and other children's cancer charities. Enjoy an intimate concert by Sister Hazel and special guest artist Pat Monahan of Train at this one-night engagement.
Grupo Niche: 8 p.m. Saturday, Florida Theatre, 128 E. Forsyth St., Jacksonville. Tickets: $49-$125. (floridatheatre.com, 904-355-5661) Grupo Niche is a Colombian salsa orchestra formed in 1979, recognized by critics and the public alike as the most successful in Latin America over the last four decades.
ZZ Top: 8 p.m. Tuesday, Florida Theatre, 128 E. Forsyth St., Jacksonville. Tickets: $49.50-$129.50. (floridatheatre.com, 904-355-5661) “That Little Ol’ Band From Texas” has been at it for well over a half century, delivering rock, blues and boogie on the road and in the studio to millions of devoted fans.
Dave Mason: 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, Ponte Vedra Concert Hall, 1050 A1A N., Ponte Vedra Beach. Tickets: $54.50-$99.50. (pvconcerthall.com) Dave Mason left Traffic in 1969 to pursue a solo career in the U.S. He has penned more than 100 songs, has three gold albums: “Alone Together,” “Dave Mason,” and “Mariposa De Oro,” and platinum album “Let It Flow,” which contained the Top 10 single “We Just Disagree.”
Pink Martini: 8 p.m. Wednesday, Florida Theatre, 128 E. Forsyth St., Jacksonville. Tickets: $32.50-$59.50. (floridatheatre.com, 904-355-5661) Featuring a dozen musicians with songs in 25 languages, Pink Martini performs its multilingual repertoire on concert stages on six continents.
THEATER
“The Three Musketeers”: 7 p.m. Friday-Saturday plus Thursday-March 9, 2 p.m. Sunday, Buchholz High School Auditorium, 5510 NW 27th Ave. Tickets: $10 general admission online, $8 students and seniors online, $12 general admission at door, $10 students and seniors at door, $10 each for purchases of 10 or more tickets, free for BHS faculty. (buchholzdrama.com) A swashbuckling romp abounds with comedy, danger and romance. Featuring lavish sword fights and sweeping romance, this adaptation of Alexandre Dumas’ classic novel evokes a time where honor and love ruled all.
“Misery”: 8 p.m. Fridays-Saturdays, 2 p.m. Sundays through March 17, Acrosstown Repertory Theatre, 3501 SW Second Ave., Suite O. Tickets: $25 general admission; $20 students, seniors, military and teachers. (acrosstown.org) “Misery” follows successful romance novelist Paul Sheldon, who is rescued from a car crash by his “No. 1 fan,” Annie Wilkes, and wakes up captive in her secluded home.
Brad Williams: 7 p.m. Sunday, Florida Theatre, 128 E. Forsyth St., Jacksonville. Tickets: $29.50-$39.50. (floridatheatre.com, 904-355-5661) One of the most in-demand comedians working today, Brad Williams has appeared on “The Tonight Show,” “Jimmy Kimmel Live,” and in the films “Little Evil,” “Mascots” and “Reno 911: It’s A Wonderful Heist.”
DANCE
Step Afrika!: 7:30 p.m. Tuesday, Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $25-$45, $12 UF students. (performingarts.ufl.edu) Step Afrika! is dedicated to the tradition of stepping, blending percussive styles practiced by historically African American fraternities and sororities, and traditional African and contemporary dance into a compelling experience.
ET CETERA
Vintage Market: 9 a.m.-9 p.m. Friday, 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Saturday, Sycamore Lane, 3824 SW 170th St., Archer. Free entry; items and food for sale. (tinyurl.com/4vu7r564) Seasonal outdoor vintage market with more than 40 vendors offering vintage goods from furniture and decor to arts and clothing, food trucks, beer and wine to sip and shop, and live music on Friday night.
Plowing Up the Past: 10 a.m.-3 p.m. Friday-Saturday, Dudley Farm Historic State Park, 18730 W. Newberry Road, Newberry. Admission: $5 per vehicle, up to eight occupants per vehicle. (friendsofdudleyfarm.org) See how fields were plowed for the spring plantings. See different types of field plows and antique tractors. These antique tractors are a display of farming equipment and a way of life circa the 1930s and 1940s, a reflection of rural American history. Observe as participants work the land plowing and discing. Volunteers in period clothing will be at the farmstead demonstrating period crafts and interpreting the farm's history.
Flea Market: 8 a.m.-2 p.m. Saturday, American Legion Post 230, 20370 E. SR 20, Hawthorne. Free entry; items and food for sale. (481-4483) Flea market with numerous vendors, pancake-and-sausage breakfast, and lunch. Proceeds support our various projects, including The VA home in Lake City, Hawthorne Area Food Pantry, Veterans Freedom Out Doors in Melrose, a special needs class at Hawthorne Elementary and more.
Gainesville Cars and Coffee: 9-11 a.m. Saturday, Tioga Town Center, 13085 SW First Lane, Newberry. Free. (tinyurl.com/gccmarch24) Family friendly gathering open to all automotive enthusiasts. An opportunity for local car enthusiasts to get together for a cup of coffee and to show off each other's vehicles regardless if it's an import, exotic, classic or jalopy.
Living History Saturday: 9 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Saturday, Morningside Nature Center, 3540 E. University Ave. Free. (bit.ly/frogfriday22) Interpreters will portray day-to-day life on an 1870 Florida farm.
Strawberry Festival: 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday, McPherson Complex, 601 SE 25th Ave., Ocala. Free entry; items and food for sale. $5 per vehicle parking. (habitatocala.org) Family festival featuring live music, entertainment, vendors, food and strawberries. All proceeds go toward Habitat Ocala for the building of a new, affordable home for a low-income family.
Guided Hike on Rim Ramble: 10-11 a.m. Saturday, La Chua Trail Horse Barn, 4801 Camp Ranch Road. Cost: $4 per vehicle. (prairiefriends.org) Rangers from Paynes Prairie Preserve State Park will lead adventures through the La Chua Trail. Limited space available to the first 25 people who are present at the time of each event. Heavily suggested items for the trip include hiking shoes, comfortable clothing, binoculars, camera, drinking water and field guides. Insect repellent is highly recommended in warmer weather.
Carson Springs Wildlife Conservation Foundation Tour: 10 a.m.-noon Saturday, 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Monday, Carson Springs Wildlife Conservation Foundation, 8528 E. County Road 225. Tickets: $35 adults, $15 ages 2-11, free ages 1 and younger; $45 motorized-vehicle tours. (carsonspringswildlife.org, 468-2827, contact@cswildlife.org) Take a tour — on foot or in a tour vehicle — of Carson Springs Wildlife Conservation Foundation with big-cat feeding demonstrations and up-close encounters with the animals.
Kanapaha Botanical Gardens Guided Tour: 10 a.m.-noon Saturday, Kanapaha Botanical Gardens, 4700 SW 58th Drive. Tickets: $10 adults, $5 ages 5-13, free for ages 4 and younger; free for members; group rates available. (kanapaha.org) Guided tour of the gardens.
Historic Haile Homestead Tour: 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Saturdays, noon-4 p.m. Sundays, Historic Haile Homestead, 8500 Archer Road. Entrance: $5 ages 12 and older, free ages 11 and younger. (hailehomestead.org) The Historic Haile Homestead is unique in the nation for its "Talking Walls.''
Florida SpringsFest: 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Saturday-Sunday, Silver Springs State Park, 5656 E. Silver Springs Blvd., Ocala. Admission: $2 (does not include glass-bottom boat rides). (tinyurl.com/fsf24a) History, science, sustainability, music, food, kids games, photos with a mermaid and more. Glass bottom boat rides run all weekend for a separate fee.
Art Fair on the Green: 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday-Sunday, downtown High Springs. Free entry; items and food for sale. (facebook.com/artfaironthegreen) Annual event featuring fine art artists, creators, food vendors, children’s area and Florida springs tent.
Spring Art Festival: 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday-Sunday, Shoppes at Thornebrook, 2441 NW 43rd St. Free entry; items and food for sale. (shoppesatthornebrook.com) Annual event featuring artists, including painting, sculpture, photography, glass works, fiber arts, wood carvings, pottery, jewelry and more. The show is laid out to take advantage of the ambiance and convenience of the Shoppes at Thornebrook Village and its stores, restaurants and other amenities. Dining options include Thornebrook favorite’s Bageland, Cintron, Mini Momo and Thornebrook Chocolates, and additional food truck vendors also will be on site.
Strawberry Fest: 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday-Sunday, Clay County Fairgrounds, 2497 SR 16 W., Green Cove Springs. Admission: $7, free ages 2 and younger. (tinyurl.com/ccsf24a) Annual event in its eighth year benefiting The Food Pantry of Green Cove Springs. Featuring Plant City strawberries, arts and crafts, food, bounce houses, live entertainment, rock painting, pony rides, strawberry relay, face painting, hula hoop contest, pie-eating contest, petting farm and more.
Strawberry Festival: 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday-Sunday, Amber Brooke Farms, 3250 NE 140th Ave., Williston. Tickets: $15 in advance, $18 at gate. (.facebook.com/ABFWilliston) Annual family event in its third year featuring strawberry picking and activities.
Turkey Bash: 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday, Prescription Outdoors, 121 S. Main St., Chiefland. Free. (tinyurl.com/potb24) Family event featuring barbecue, giveaways, raffles, turkey talkin’, pro tips, and custom call makers demonstrating their hand-crafted calls.
SwampCon Cirque du Gator: 10:30 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday, 10:30 a.m.-5 p.m. Sunday, Reitz Student Union, 655 Reitz Union Drive, University of Florida campus. Free. (facebook.com/swampcon) Annual event featuring Vocaloid concert, drag show, idol fest, contests, artist alley, furry round up and more.
Horse Feeding: 11 a.m.-3 p.m. Saturday, Mill Creek Farm Retirement Home for Horses, 20307 NW CR 235A, Alachua. Entrance: Bag of carrots. (millcreekfarm.org) The Retirement Home for Horses provides lifetime care to elderly horses seized by law enforcement agencies, rescued by the SPCA or humane societies, as well as horses retired from government service such as police patrol or state and federal parks.
Family Day: 2-4 p.m. Saturday, Depot Park, Pavilions A and B, 874 SE Fourth St. Free. (diabetestoolkit.org) Annual family event in its third year.
Father Daughter Dance: 5 p.m. Saturday, Destiny Community Church, 20820 W. Newberry Road, Newberry. Cost: $35 per father-daughter couple, $15 each additional child. (dcc.ccbchurch.com) For fathers and their daughters who are in eighth grade and younger. Fathers and daughters will enjoy an elegant "classic Hollywood" night complete with limousine rides, horse-and-carriage rides, macaron decorating, face painting, photo opportunities, dinner and dancing.
“Eclipse”: 7-7:45 p.m. Saturdays through April 8, Kika Silva Pla Planetarium, 3000 NW 83rd St.Tickets: $8.22 for adults; $6.17 ages 4-12, ages 60 and older, UF affiliates, military and first responders. (showpass.com/eclipse) "Eclipse: The Story of Our Nearest Neighbor in Space" takes you on a journey of discovery to our nearest celestial neighbor. Learn about the origins, composition and mechanics of the moon. Discover how the ancients were able to predict eclipses with great accuracy, and find out when/where you can view the next eclipse.
Sunrise Hike: 7-8 a.m. Sunday, La Chua Trail Horse Barn; see website for map. Cost: $10 per person per hike; registration required. (prairiefriends.org) Join a park ranger at sunrise on La Chua Trail for a hike and learn about the natural and cultural history of the North End of Paynes Prairie. Hike will be limited to the first 25 people.
Perspectives in the Park Speaker Series: Noon-1 p.m. Sunday, Hogtown Creek Headwaters Park 1500 NW 45th Ave. Free. (facebook.com/cityofgainesvillenature/events) Monthly event. Learn from experts in their field about nature, history and art, and hear some of their stories. “Exploring Native Wildflower of North Florida” with Geena Hill.
Sweetwater Wetlands Park Ranger-Led Hikes: 1:30-2:30 p.m. Sunday, Sweetwater Wetlands Park, 325 Williston Road. Cost: $5 per vehicle, $2 pedestrians and buses. (sweetwaterwetlands.org, 554-5871) Short guided walk that covers the history, function and ecosystem of the park.
Sandra Gail Lambert: “My Withered Legs and Other Essays” Book Launch: 2 p.m. Sunday, Matheson History Museum, 513 E. University Ave. Free; registration required. (mathesonmuseum.org) Join Sandra Gail Lambert as she launches her latest book, “My Withered Legs and Other Essays.” A 70-year history of disability is the framework for Lambert's new collection of personal essays that are grounded in queer, crip and climate politics.
Migration in Film Series: “Everything Everywhere All At Once”: 6 p.m. Monday, Hippodrome Cinema, 25 SE Second Place. Free; registration required. Food for sale. (EverythingEverywhere.eventbrite.com) This absurdist comedy-drama film written and directed by Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert spans the genres and film media, including surreal comedy, science fiction, fantasy, martial arts films, immigrant narratives, and animation. Q&A to follow. Refreshments will be available for purchase in the Hippodrome lobby.
Sweetwater Wetlands Park Wednesday Bird Walks: 8:30-11 a.m. Wednesdays through May 29, Sweetwater Wetlands Park, 325 SW Williston Road. Admission: $5 per vehicle; $2 for pedestrians, vans and bikes. (alachuaaudubon.org) Discover the rich diversity of birds at one of north central Florida's premier birding hotspots during a two- to three-hour guided walking tour. Birders of all levels welcome. Walks are led by volunteers from Alachua Audubon Society with assistance from Sweetwater Wetlands Park rangers.
Barnyard Buddies: 3-4 p.m. Wednesdays through May 29, Morningside Nature Center, 3540 E. University Ave. Free. (bit.ly/barnbuds) Weekly program where youngsters, with an adult, can meet and greet farm animals by helping staff with afternoon feeding. Animals love donations of carrots, squash, apples, sweet potatoes and melons.
Celebration Pointe Farmers Market: 4-7 p.m. Thursdays, Celebration Pointe, Celebration Pointe Avenue. Free entry; items and food for sale. (celebrationpointe.com/events/farmers-market-2023, info@celebrationpointe.com) Weekly farmers market featuring a wide selection of products, including grass-fed local meat, fruit smoothies and hand-poured soy candles. Discover the flavors of the season and support local farmers and small businesses.
Alachua County Youth Fair and Livestock Show: 7 a.m.-6 p.m. Friday, 7:30 a.m.-6 p.m. Saturday, 9 a.m.-6 p.m. Sunday, Alachua County Agricultural and Equestrian Center, 23100 W. Newberry Road, Newberry. Free. (acyfls.com) The fair is an educational platform for the youths in Alachua County who are interested in agriculture.
ART
Cade Museum for Creativity and Invention: “Imagination in Motion: Animation and Optical Illusions,” a world of endless possibilities where reality blurs and creativity takes center stage. Unveil the secrets of animation’s evolution, immerse yourself in optical illusions and discover the science behind your favorite animated films; “Reel Revolution: The Rise of Animation,” where attendees can explore how the future of animation is being shaped within the minds of visionaries just like them. Step through time to uncover the origins of some of the most well-loved movies, shows and characters of all time. Tickets: $12.50, $10 seniors and college students, $7.50 ages 5-17, free ages 4 and younger. Hours are 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Thursday-Sunday. 811 N. Main St. (371-8001, cademuseum.org)
Cedar Key Arts Center: 7-9 p.m. Friday Edgar Loudermilk bluegrass band; 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Monday Sewing and Quilting with Bunny Hand; 9 a.m. Wednesday Boat Builders; 2:30-5 p.m. Wednesday Shark Sewing Club; 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Thursday Sea Glass Wind Chimes with Gloria Altonen. Gallery hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily. 457 Second St., Cedar Key. (543-5801, cedarkeyartscenter.org)
Cotton Club Museum: 2-5 p.m. Saturday opening reception for “Treasures of Africa.” The exhibition includes a variety of African artifacts from the collection of Ok Sun Burks of Starke. The theme of the exhibition invokes an examination of what is treasure and how treasure impacts our lives as expressed through paintings, statues, fabric and other items by African and/or African-inspired artists. Other exhibits currently on display at the museum include pieces by Dr. Patricia Hilliard-Nunn and an exhibit on plantations in Alachua County. Museum hours are 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. 837 SE Seventh Ave.
Florida Museum of Natural History: “Antarctic Dinosaurs” on display through April 21. Today, Antarctica is a forbidding land of snow and ice, but 200 million years ago it was a lush, wooded habitat where dinosaurs thrived. Uncover the history of the world’s southernmost continent and the unique species that have called it home in this interactive, family friendly experience. Tickets: $10 adults; $9 Florida residents, seniors and non-UF college students; $7 ages 3-17; free ages 2 and younger, UF students and museum members. Hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday-Saturday, 1 to 5 p.m. Sunday. 3215 Hull Road. (floridamuseum.ufl.edu, 846-2000)
Gainesville Fine Arts Association Gallery: “An Elegy to Rosewood” on display through March 23; “Crossroads of Western and Eastern Europe — The Center for European Studies at UF” on display March 26-April 20; “Disruption” on display April 23-May 25; “Weeklong Solo/Curated Shows and Member Postcards” on display May 28-June 22; “Summer Showcase 2024” on display June 25-July 20; “Hair” on display July 23-Aug. 24; “Biennial National Juried Exhibition — Heat” on display Aug. 27-Oct. 19; “Nostalgia” on display Oct. 22-Nov. 23; “Winter Showcase 2024” on display Nov. 26-Dec. 20. Gallery hours are 1 to 6 p.m. Tuesday-Friday and 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday. 1314 S. Main St. (gainesvillefinearts.org, info@gainsevillefinearts.org)
Harn Museum of Art: “Surrealism at the Harn,” a centennial celebration, on display through June 2; “Gateway to Himalayan Art” on display through July; “Metamorphosis: Reshaping Contemporary Art,” featuring artists who are rethinking traditional materials and techniques to create innovative works of art, on display through Oct. 26, 2025. Museum hours are 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday-Friday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and 1 to 5 p.m. Sunday. 3259 Hull Road. (392-9826)
Matheson History Museum: “Return to Forever: Gainesville’s Great Southern Music Hall,” showcasing dozens of John Moran‘s performance photos from his two years as the Great Southern Music Hall house photographer. Also featured is a display of Bo Diddley artifacts, including one of Bo’s signature square box guitars. Written by music journalist Bill DeYoung and designed by historian Rick Kilby, this unique exhibit celebrates a golden age in the University City’s musical history, the likes of which may never be seen again. On display through May 4; “Weaving a Community: 30 Years of the Matheson History Museum,” an all-encompassing view of the Matheson’s history and its origins; “When Johnny Came Marching Home: Some Gave All – All Gave Some,” remembering those who came home from war with both physical and mental wounds, on display outside. Gallery hours are 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesday-Saturday. 513 E. University Ave. (378-2280, mathesonmuseum.org)
Melrose Bay Art Gallery: Works by Santa Fe art students on display through March 10, with Artwalk reception 6-9 p.m. Friday; Open Air Arts on display March 16-April 28, with Artwalk reception 6-9 p.m. April 5. Gallery hours are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday and 1 to 5 p.m. Sunday or by appointment. 103 State Road 26, Melrose. (475-3866, melrosebayartgallery.com)
Santa Fe College’s Blount Hall: A large art collection from local collector Hector Puig on display. Hours are 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday. Corner of West University Avenue and North Sixth Street.
Sweetwater Print Cooperative: "No Words," an exhibit of watercolors and other works by Joon Thomas, on display through March 26. Gallery hours: By appointment. 117 S. Main St. (514-3838)
University Galleries: “Juried Student Show,” a show that allows students to hone their professional practice by navigating the selection process, exhibition installation and audience engagement, all while sharing their creativity with the wider community, on display through Saturday. Gallery hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday-Wednesday and Friday, 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Thursday and noon to 4 p.m. Saturday. 400 SW 13th St. (arts.ufl.edu/university-galleries)
UPCOMING CONCERTS
Live and Local Concert Series: 7-9 p.m. March 8, Bo Diddley Plaza, 111 E. University Ave. Free. (tinyurl.com/livelocal24) Singer Songwriter Showcase featuring Zara Dalvi, Thomas Allain, Janie, HelDog, Robbie Pawns, Jack Edmondson, Thymn, Banyan Leaves, Vincent Raphael and Coffee Project.
Mitch McKay’s Piano Students: 6:30 p.m. March 13, Jackson N. Sasser Fine Arts Hall, Santa Fe College, 3000 NW 83rd St. Free. (sfcollege.edu, 395-5144) Six students of Associate Professor of Music Mitch McKay, as well as two guests, will play the college’s full-size Steinway concert grand piano.
Live and Local Concert Series: 7-9 p.m. March 15, Bo Diddley Plaza, 111 E. University Ave. Free. (tinyurl.com/livelocal24) Live performances by Jane K Collective, In Full Swing and Jernie.
UF Carillon Studio Concert Series — Florida Carillon Festival, Malgosia Fiebeg: 6:15 p.m. March 16, Century Tower Carillon, 375 Newell Drive. Free. (arts.ufl.edu/sites/carillon-studio/welcome) The University of Florida Carillon Studio is made up of students who have auditioned and committed to upholding the tradition of performing in Century Tower. The UF Carillon Studio Concert Series offers a chance to hear the UF Carillon during a 45-minute recital. Listeners are encouraged to find a location at least 100 feet from the tower for an optimal listening experience.
Ying Li: 2 p.m. March 17, Squitieri Studio Theatre, Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $35, $12 UF students. (performingarts.ufl.edu) Twenty-four-year-old pianist Ying Li has received top awards in numerous national and international competitions. Beginning piano at the age of 5, she has studied in Beijing, Philadelphia and at The Juilliard School. Since then, Li has performed with many leading orchestras such as The Philadelphia Orchestra, New Jersey Symphony and the Nordwestdeutsche Philharmonie, among others.
Natalie MacMaster and Donnell Leahy: 7:30 p.m. March 19, Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $20-$40, $12 UF students. (performingarts.ufl.edu) Canada’s reigning couple of Celtic music is coming to the Phillips Center — and they are bringing their family with them! Natalie and Donnell Leahy’s high level of skill and palpable joy at playing the fiddle together has earned them both industry acclaim and built up a loyal fan base. They combine their talents to give audiences an electrifying musical experience.
Pat Metheny: 7:30 p.m. March 20, Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $40-$60, $12 UF students. (performingarts.ufl.edu) Twenty-time Grammy Award-winning guitarist Pat Metheny is known to bring something unique to every performance. This show is no exception, focusing on the various ways of playing solo he has explored across the decades in an evening that will be very special. The set features personal and fan favorite tracks from his nearly 50-year career, creating an almost orchestral range from bass to soprano within the realm of guitar.
Live and Local Concert Series: 7-9 p.m. March 22, Bo Diddley Plaza, 111 E. University Ave. Free. (tinyurl.com/livelocal24) Live performances by Half Gone, Earworms and Boat Stuff.
Playlist at the Pointe: 7-9 p.m. March 22, Celebration Pointe, Celebration Pointe Avenue. Free. (celebrationpointe.com) Jamie Davis will perform. Food will be available from area restaurants.
UF Carillon Studio Concert Series: 1:55 p.m. March 24, Century Tower Carillon, 375 Newell Drive. Free. (arts.ufl.edu/sites/carillon-studio/welcome) The University of Florida Carillon Studio is made up of students who have auditioned and committed to upholding the tradition of performing in Century Tower. The UF Carillon Studio Concert Series offers a chance to hear the UF Carillon during a 45-minute recital. Listeners are encouraged to find a location at least 100 feet from the tower for an optimal listening experience.
Academy of St. Martin in the Fields: 7:30 p.m. March 24, Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $45-$75, $20 UF students. (performingarts.ufl.edu) Music director and virtuoso violinist Joshua Bell returns to the stage to lead the Academy of St. Martin in the Fields. Retaining the flexibility and spirit of their origin as a small, conductorless ensemble, the Academy of St. Martin in the Fields has gained an enviable international reputation as one of the world’s finest chamber orchestras. Renowned for their polished, innovative interpretations of distinctive orchestral music, they present both symphonic and chamber repertoire on a grand scale at prestigious venues around the globe.
Community Choral Singing: 4-6 p.m. March 29, Oakview Community Center, 810 NW Eighth Ave. Free. (tinyurl.com/ccsmar24) Come together to enjoy singing madrigals, anthems, spirituals, pop, jazz and holiday classics.
Live and Local Concert Series: 7-9 p.m. March 29, Bo Diddley Plaza, 111 E. University Ave. Free. (tinyurl.com/livelocal24) Second annual Teen Artist Showcase.
Eli Lev: 6 p.m. April 6, Satchel's Pizza, 1800 NE 23rd Ave. Free. (satchelspizza.com) The rising singer-songwriter pens lyrics and melodies for everyday enlightenment — songs that resonate because they’re heartfelt and earthy, and offer the wisdom he’s gained through lifelong travel and self-discovery.
Harold López-Nussa: 7 and 9 p.m. April 11, UpStage at the Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $50 for 7 p.m., $35 for 9 p.m., $12 UF students. (performingarts.ufl.edu) UpStage is an intimate, cabaret-style setting on the Phillips Center Mainstage. The 7 p.m. seating includes heavy hors d’oeuvres and cash bar; the 9 p.m. seating includes desserts and cash bar. Pianist Harold López-Nussa reflects the richness of Cuban music with his distinctive combination of classical, folkloric and improvisation. This fresh take is an exhilarating personification of the ritmo of the modern music scene’s bustling soul. With astonishingly fresh performances that showcase the full range and richness of the genre, López-Nussa has earned significant national and international awards in the classical and jazz worlds.
The Crane Wives: 7 and 9 p.m. April 12, UpStage at the Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $50 for 7 p.m., $35 for 9 p.m., $12 UF students. (performingarts.ufl.edu) UpStage is an intimate, cabaret-style setting on the Phillips Center Mainstage. The 7 p.m. seating includes heavy hors d’oeuvres and cash bar; the 9 p.m. seating includes desserts and cash bar. A four-piece indie band, The Crane Wives defies musical stereotype with eclectic instrumentation and lively stage presence. They perform homegrown Indie folk with candor and touching, soulful harmonies, and are not afraid to experiment with jazz influences and instruments.
UF Carillon Studio Concert Series: 1:55 p.m. April 21, Century Tower Carillon, 375 Newell Drive. Free. (arts.ufl.edu/sites/carillon-studio/welcome) The University of Florida Carillon Studio is made up of students who have auditioned and committed to upholding the tradition of performing in Century Tower. The UF Carillon Studio Concert Series offers a chance to hear the UF Carillon during a 45-minute recital. Listeners are encouraged to find a location at least 100 feet from the tower for an optimal listening experience.
Playlist at the Pointe: 7-9 p.m. April 26, Celebration Pointe, Celebration Pointe Avenue. Free. (celebrationpointe.com) TJ Brown Band will perform. Food will be available from area restaurants.
UPCOMING EVENTS
John J. Collins: 7 p.m. March 8, 1 p.m. March 9, Holy Trinity Episcopal Church, 100 NE First St. Free. (holytrinitygnv.org) The Holmes Professor of Old Testament Criticism and Interpretation at Yale Divinity School and author of “What Are Biblical Values?” will present two lectures. The first, on Friday, is titled “Do Creatures Have Rights?” The second, on Saturday, is titled “Do Creatures Have Responsibilities?”
Dusty’s Ragtime Circus: 7 p.m. March 8-9, Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $25. (performingarts.ufl.edu) Dusty’s Ragtime Circus is back with an all-new cast! Catch Professor Dusty Bottom’s musical shenanigans paired with awe-inspiring acrobats at the Gainesville Circus Center. This one-of-a-kind performance features live music, dance, aerial acrobats and more.
Guided Lower Santa Fe River Paddle with Lars Andersen: 9 a.m.-1 p.m. March 9, Poe Springs boat ramp, 28800 NW 182nd Ave., High Springs. Cost: $6 entrance fee plus $55 if renting kayak/canoe or $40 to bring own kayak/canoe. (alachuaconservationtrust.org) Paddle from Poe Springs and pass by ACT’s acquisitions, Little Awesome Preserve and Sawdust Spring, before taking out at the State Road 47 boat ramp.
I Heart Art: 10 a.m.-3 p.m. March 9, Stephen Foster Folk Culture Center State Park, 11016 Lillian Saunders Drive, White Springs. Free entry; items and food for sale. (artinmypark@yahoo.com) Traditional arts-and-crafts demonstrations and items for sale. Items range from weaving, painting, wood working, soap making, photography and other handmade items.
30th Anniversary Sock Hop Gala: 6-8 p.m. March 9, Matheson History Museum, 513 E. University Ave. Tickets: $30 general public, $25 Matheson members. (mathesonmuseum.org) Celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Matheson with a Sock Hop Gala in the former American Legion Hall. This ticketed event will hearken back to the days of Teen Time and high school dances in the Museum building — including several performances in 1965 by Tom Petty's first band, the Sundowners. Break out your best pair of socks for an evening of live music, food and dancing the night away.
“Jesus Christ Superstar”: 7:30 p.m. March 13, Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $45-$75, $20 UF students. (performingarts.ufl.edu) Celebrating its 50th anniversary, a mesmerizing new production of the iconic musical phenomenon returns to the stage. Originally staged by London’s Regent’s Park Open Air Theatre, this production won the 2017 Olivier Award for Best Musical Revival garnering unprecedented reviews and accolades. Appealing to both theater audiences and concert music fans, this production pays tribute to the historic 1971 Billboard Album of the Year while creating a modern, theatrical world that is uniquely fresh and inspiring. “Jesus Christ Superstar” is set against the backdrop of an extraordinary series of events during the final weeks in the life of Jesus Christ as seen through the eyes of Judas. Reflecting the rock roots that defined a generation, the legendary score includes “I Don’t Know How to Love Him,” “Gethsemane” and “Superstar.”
St. Patrick’s Day Fundraiser: 4:30-8:30 p.m. March 15, High Springs Brewing Co., 18562 NW 237th St., High Springs. Contact the GFWC High Springs New Century Woman’s Club for pricing information. (386-518-3276, Ext. 2) The GFWC High Springs New Century Woman’s Club will be serving homemade shepherd's pie, corned beef sliders, hot dogs and dessert. Proceeds  will support Al’z Place, a daycare located in Gainesville for Alzheimer’s patients.
Noah Hunton Band: 6-9 p.m. March 15, Celebration Pointe, Northwest Corner of Interstate 75 and Archer Road. Free. (facebook.com/celebrationpointeFL/events) Live music on the promenade stage. Seating is first come first served, so feel free to bring a chair.
Sunrise Hike: 7:30-8 a.m. March 16, Sweetwater Wetlands Park, 325 SW Williston Road. Cost: $5 per vehicle; $2 for pedestrians, vans and bikes. (tinyurl.com/sh24a) Join a ranger on a 30- to 45-minute walk into the wetlands while you enjoy the sunrise and learn about the importance of the sun throughout the world in the past and present. End with a brief guided meditation to enjoy the sun's energy throughout your day.
Gainesville Dance Academy Irish Dancers: Noon March 17, Shoppes at Thornebrook, 2441 NW 43rd St. Free. (gvilledance.com/performing) St. Patrick's Day community performance.
Gainesville Dance Academy Irish Dancers: 1:30 p.m. March 17, Mother's Pub and Grill North, 1017 W. University Ave. Free. (gvilledance.com/performing) St. Patrick's Day community performance.
Gainesville Dance Academy Irish Dancers: 6 p.m. March 17, The Bull, 18 SW First Ave. Free. (gvilledance.com/performing) St. Patrick's Day community performance.
Gainesville Dance Academy Irish Dancers: 6-7 p.m. March 18, The Village, 8000 NW 27th Blvd. Free. (gvilledance.com/performing) Academy dancers join Irish music duo Celtic Ray to bring merry luck onstage for a St. Patrick's Day party.
“Ordinary Days”: 8 p.m. Thursdays-Saturdays, 2 p.m. Sundays March 22-April 14, Gainesville Community Playhouse, 4039 NW 16th Blvd. Tickets: $24 general admission, $20 seniors, $12 students. (gcplayhouse.org) Experience the beauty of simplicity and the extraordinary in the ordinary with “Ordinary Days.” This intimate and introspective musical follows the lives of Deb, a graduate student who loses the notebook that contains all of her notes for her thesis somewhere on the streets of New York; Warren, a struggling artist and professional cat sitter who finds the notebook; and Jason and Claire, a couple inching toward marriage who can’t seem to completely figure each other out. Through a series of chance encounters and unexpected connections, their individual stories begin to intersect, revealing the profound impact that everyday encounters can have on our lives.
“Giselle”: 2 and 7:30 p.m. March 23, Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $35-$65. (performingarts.ufl.edu) Presented by Dance Alive National Ballet. The ultimate romantic ballet, “Giselle” is the tragic story of a beautiful, young peasant girl who falls in love with a nobleman disguised as a commoner. Ultimately dying of a broken heart, she becomes one with the “Wilis,” ethereal ghosts of unmarried girls. Family friendly performances.
“White”: 7 p.m. March 27-28 previews, then 7 p.m. Wednesdays-Thursdays, 8 p.m. Fridays-Saturdays, 2 p.m. Saturdays-Sundays March 29-April 14, Hippodrome Theatre, 25 SE Second Place. Tickets: $25 previews, then $20-$50. (thehipp.org) When a major museum seeks to showcase diverse voices in its next exhibition, Gus, an artist, enlists Vanessa’s help to create an audacious new artistic persona of color to get him in the show. From there it all spins out of control in this modern comedy, exploring white privilege, racial politics and the fine line between appropriation and opportunity.
Sunrise Hike: 7:20-8 a.m. March 30, Sweetwater Wetlands Park, 325 SW Williston Road. Cost: $5 per vehicle; $2 for pedestrians, vans and bikes. (tinyurl.com/sh24a) Join a ranger on a 30- to 45-minute walk into the wetlands while you enjoy the sunrise and learn about the importance of the sun throughout the world in the past and present. End with a brief guided meditation to enjoy the sun's energy throughout your day.
“On Your Feet!”: 7:30 p.m. March 30, Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $45-$75, $20 UF students. (performingarts.ufl.edu) The inspiring true story about heart, heritage and two people who believe in their talent — and each other — to become an international sensation: Gloria and Emilio Estefan.
Agatha Christie’s “Murder on the Orient Express”: 8 p.m. Fridays-Saturdays, 2 p.m. Sundays April 5-28, High Springs Playhouse, 23416 NW 186 Ave., High Springs. Tickets: $15 general admission, $10 students and ages 65 and older. (highspringsplayhouse.com) Just after midnight, a snowdrift stops the Orient Express in its tracks. The luxury train is surprisingly full for the time of the year, but by the morning it is one passenger fewer. An American tycoon lies dead in his compartment, stabbed eight times, his door locked from the inside. Isolated and with a killer in their midst, the passengers rely on Detective Hercule Poirot to identify the murderer — in case he or she decides to strike again.
Pancakes on the Prairie: 9-11:30 a.m. April 6, Poe Springs boat ramp, 28800 NW 182nd Ave., High Springs. Free. (alachuaconservationtrust.org) Join ACT for a pancake breakfast at the cabin on Tuscawilla Prairie. This event is first come, first served; pancakes and coffee will be available while supplies last.
Perspectives in the Park Speaker Series: Noon-1 p.m. April 7, Hogtown Creek Headwaters Park 1500 NW 45th Ave. Free. (facebook.com/cityofgainesvillenature/events) Monthly event. Learn from experts in their field about nature, history and art, and hear some of their stories. “Wandering in Wiregrass” with Raelene Crandall.
Spring Arts Festival: 10 a.m.-5 p.m.  April 13, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. April 14, Santa Fe College Northwest Campus, 3000 NW 83rd St. Free entry; items and food for sale. (sfcollege.edu) Artists and craftspeople from across the country and around the world will highlight their talents in mediums including painting, sculpture, jewelry, glass, ceramics and more.
Yoga in the Park with Emma Sugarman: 2 p.m. April 13, Matheson History Museum, 513 E. University Ave. Free. (mathesonmuseum.org) Yoga class on the front lawn of the historic Matheson House. All levels and abilities are welcome. Bring your own yoga mat or towel.
360 Allstars: 4 p.m. April 14, Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $25-$45, $12 UF students. (performingarts.ufl.edu) An energy-packed performance for the whole family complete with basketball, breakdancing, beatboxing, acrobatics, BMX biking and more. 360 Allstars is a supercharged urban circus showcasing the phenomenal physical fusion of the artistry from street culture.
Houston Keen Band: 6-9 p.m. April 16, Celebration Pointe, Northwest Corner of Interstate 75 and Archer Road. Free. (facebook.com/celebrationpointeFL/events) Live music on the promenade stage. Seating is first come first served, so feel free to bring a chair.
“Beyond Therapy”: 8 p.m. Fridays-Saturdays, 2 p.m. Sundays, April 19-May 4, Acrosstown Repertory Theatre, 3501 SW Second Ave., Suite O. Tickets: $25 general admission; $20 students, seniors, military and teachers. (acrosstown.org) Bruce and Prudence, two modern, neurotic urbanites searching for love and sanity — with the questionable help of their offbeat therapists. This delightful comedy will keep you laughing as the couple learn to live beyond therapy.
Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo: 7:30 p.m. April 23, Phillips Center, 3201 Hull Road. Tickets: $25-$45, $12 UF students. (performingarts.ufl.edu) Les Ballets Trockadero de Monte Carlo is a world-famous, all-male, classically trained ballet troupe that delivers hilarious parodies while performing both men’s and women’s roles. Described as “a kick from a steel toe cap in a silky pointe shoe,” this irreverent, beloved dance troupe is celebrating its 50th anniversary season of toeing the line between high art and high camp with their humorous blend of deep knowledge of ballet with absolute silliness. Their performances offer satire of the rigid world of dance through their playful, fresh, tongue-in-cheek concept.
Ann Weimer Moxley: “Just Call Me Rae: The Story of Rae O. Weimer, Founder of the University of Florida College of Journalism and Communications”: 7 p.m. April 24, Matheson History Museum, 513 E. University Ave. Free; registration required. (mathesonmuseum.org) Rae O. Weimer founded the University of Florida’s first school of journalism in 1949. Ann Weimer Moxley, Weimer’s daughter, has written an eye-opening chronicle of her late father’s lasting legacy to journalism in the state of Florida.
The Harlem Globetrotters: 7 p.m. April 25, Stephen C. O’Connell Center, 250 Gale Lemerand Drive. Tickets: Prices vary; see website for details. (bit.ly/globetrotters24) The trick-performing basketball team will go head-to-head against the Washington Generals, who will stop at nothing to try and defeat the world’s winningest team.
“Once Upon a Time in Florida: Roots and Rivers” with Jacki Levine, Jack E. Davis and Cynthia Barnett: 6:30 p.m. reception, 7 p.m. panel discussion May 1, Matheson History Museum, 513 E. University Ave. Free; registration required. (mathesonmuseum.org) This is the final stop in the Florida Humanities’ statewide book tour for “Once Upon a Time in Florida.” This book marks Florida Humanities' 50th anniversary with a collection of 50 timeless stories from the archives of FORUM, the award-winning magazine of Florida Humanities. This tour stop will focus on Florida’s environment.
Floridiana Show: Time TBD May 4, Matheson History Museum, 513 E. University Ave. Free. (mathesonmuseum.org) The Floridiana Show is back featuring Florida kitsch and vintage Florida from a variety of vendors from Gainesville and around the state.
I Heart Art: 10 a.m.-3 p.m. May 4, Stephen Foster Folk Culture Center State Park, 11016 Lillian Saunders Drive, White Springs. Free entry; items and food for sale. (artinmypark@yahoo.com) Traditional arts-and-crafts demonstrations and items for sale. Items range from weaving, painting, wood working, soap making, photography and other handmade items.
“Treasure Island”: 8 p.m. Thursdays-Saturdays, 2 p.m. Sundays May 24-June 9, Gainesville Community Playhouse, 4039 NW 16th Blvd. Tickets: $24 general admission, $20 seniors, $12 students. (gcplayhouse.org) Picture a world where pirates rule what we call Earth. Humanity’s desire to find hidden treasures will take them to heights they never imagined. Based on the masterful adventure novel by Robert Louis Stevenson, “Treasure Island” is an epic adventure from Ken Ludwig. It begins at an inn on the Devon coast of England, and quickly becomes an unforgettable tale of treachery and mayhem featuring a host of legendary swashbucklers including the dangerous Billy Bones, the sinister two-timing Israel Hands, the brassy woman pirate Anne Bonny, and the hideous form of evil incarnate Blind Pew. Sail the vastness of space to find Captain Flint’s treasure in this coming-of-age tale that is out of this world! Join Jim Hawkins as he navigates the universe longing for adventure with the infamous Long John Silver, perhaps the most famous hero-villain of all time. Silver’s greedy quest for gold, coupled with his affection for Jim, cannot help but win the heart of every soul who has ever longed for romance, treasure and adventure.
“Cabaret”: 8 p.m. Thursday-Saturdays, 2 p.m. Sundays June 7-23, Acrosstown Repertory Theatre, 3501 SW Second Ave., Suite O. Tickets: $25 general admission; $20 students, seniors, military and teachers. (acrosstown.org) In a Berlin nightclub, as the 1920s draw to a close, a garish master of ceremonies welcomes the audience and assures them they will forget all of their troubles at the Cabaret. With the emcee’s bawdy songs as wry commentary, “Cabaret” explores the dark, heady and tumultuous life of Berlin’s natives and expatriates as Germany slowly yields to the emerging Third Reich. Cliff, a young American writer newly arrived in Berlin, is immediately taken with English singer Sally Bowles.
“Dead Man’s Cellphone”: 8 p.m. Fridays-Saturdays, 2 p.m. Sundays June 7-30, High Springs Playhouse, 23416 NW 186 Ave., High Springs. Tickets: $15 general admission, $10 students and ages 65 and older. (highspringsplayhouse.com) An incessantly ringing cellphone in a quiet cafe. A stranger at the next table who has had enough. And a dead man — with a lot of loose ends. So begins “Dead Man’s Cellphone,” a wildly imaginative new comedy by Sara Ruhl. A work about how we memorialize the dead — and how that remembering changes us.
“In The Heights”: 8 p.m. Thursdays-Saturdays, 2 p.m. Sundays July 19-Aug. 11, Gainesville Community Playhouse, 4039 NW 16th Blvd. Tickets: $24 general admission, $20 seniors, $12 students. (gcplayhouse.org) “In the Heights,” created by Lin-Manuel Miranda, tells the universal story of a vibrant community in New York’s Washington Heights neighborhood — a place where the coffee from the corner bodega is light and sweet, the windows are always open and the breeze carries the rhythm of three generations of music. It’s a community on the brink of change, full of hopes, dreams and pressures, where the biggest struggles can decide which traditions you take with you and which ones you leave behind.
“The Wizard of Oz — Youth Edition”: 7 p.m. Thursdays-Saturdays, 2 p.m. Sundays July/August, High Springs Playhouse, 23416 NW 186 Ave., High Springs. Tickets: $15 general admission, $10 students and ages 65 and older. (highspringsplayhouse.com) Join Dorothy and her loyal companion Toto as they “Follow the Yellow Brick Road” through the Land of Oz, determined to reach the Emerald City, where the great and powerful Wizard of Oz will help them get home. Of course, along the way, Dorothy encounters witches (both good and bad), Munchkins, talking trees and winged monkeys. But most importantly, she befriends three unique characters: a scarecrow with no brain, a tin man with no heart, and a lion with no “nerve.” Their journey to happiness — and self-awareness — is a glowing testament to friendship, understanding and hope in a world filled with both beauty and ugliness.
This article originally appeared on The Gainesville Sun: Scene Calendar: Gainesville Youth Chorus, 'Misery' and more