By 

	Anna Tingley


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Variety may receive an affiliate commission.

	Two legends in their own right, soccer star Lionel Messi and global popstar Bad Bunny, have teamed up on a limited-edition Adidas drop, and it might just be one of the best celeb launches in a long while.

	The launch, which dropped on Tuesday morning, consists of two special-edition releases of the brand’s most iconic styles: the Gazelle, a personal Bad Bunny favorite, and the F50 cleat, worn by Messi on the field for decades. 





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Soundstage Expansion Now Feeling Crunch of Production Contraction		
			














	
		
					NBC Cheerleading Comedy Pilot 'Stumble' Casts Jenn Lyon in Lead Role		
			








	The classic silhouettes are updated in the new drop, which feature gold hues inspired by Messi’s trophies and “X” stripe heels that reference Messi’s number 10 jersey number.  The shoes also sport the Trefoil and Badge of Sport logos, along with the inscription ‘Bad Bunny Para Messi’ on the tongue and each icon’s signatures on the stripes. 

	










	“Messi’s last name has become its own word, a synonym for greatness, courage and heart,” Bad Bunny said in a statement. “Watching him play with the passion he does is a privilege. I compare the love he feels for his country and his sport to the love I feel for music and Puerto Rico. Collaborating with him is an honor that so many people dream of and I never even imagined I could achieve it. Today, I feel so grateful to be able to represent our culture with the GOAT.”

	“This campaign celebrates our fans,” Messi continued in a statement. “Seeing people who follow me and support me does more than just inspire me, it makes me feel very grateful. I always try to give everything I have on the pitch, so it’s great to see that there are people who appreciate that effort and always support me, even in bad times.”

	Of course, part of his excitement about the campaign stemmed from his own personal love for Bad Bunny, who, as he says, “is an  artist who is never missing from my playlist.”

	To coincide with the launch, Adidas released a campaign honoring the millions of Bad Bunny and Messi fans. At the center of the promo is a touching letter, crafted from the heartfelt words of fans on social media, brought to life in a short film featuring Messi and Bad Bunny.

	Check out the full campaign video here, and shop the limited-edition collection below:
The Business of Entertainment