With only a week left until Christmas, we called in our tiny friends from the North Pole to visit Vogue headquarters at One World Trade Center for some holiday help. The only requirement was that they dress to impress fashion’s version of Santa Claus, Anna Wintour, and they called upon a few local designer pals for a favor ahead of the big day.
Much like the Vogue staff, not all our visiting elves march to the same style beat. For the elf who wanted to go a traditional and classic route, CFDA president Thom Browne lent a few Hectors (Browne’s beloved canine turned pocketbook) to act as sleigh to transport the elf from Paris back to New York, picking up some new miniature handbag charms, gray pleated skirt suits, and gingerbread men on the way. It was quite the shopping extravaganza, but by a Christmas miracle, all the new goodies fit inside Hector’s silk-lined striped pouch for the ride back across the Atlantic.
Meanwhile, the elf who wanted to use its first trip to New York to attend some of the season’s most exclusive holiday parties after meetings at 1WTC sought out New York City’s brightest emerging designers and cool kids, Tanner Fletcher. The brand’s signature bow suit, famously worn by Bad Bunny, got the miniature treatment for that elf, who made a chic and festive entrance when arriving at various fêtes, presents in hand. Another elf made its way to Batsheva Hay’s Nolita storefront, where it was decked in a mix-and-match strapless gown before stopping by Drybar, the nail salon, and Sephora, where they got glammed up for the evening out. With these ‘fits, it was no surprise that our elf friends made it into every holiday-party roundup on Vogue.com.
As for the elves who came to the city to relax and sightsee, they walked over to Tribeca to visit downtown’s coolest It girl and boy—Olympia Gayot and Brendon Babenzian—at J.Crew. There, they cozied up in Fair isle sweaters, red peacoats, corduroys, and winter boots fit to keep them warm—and fashionable—while visiting the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree, ice skating at Central Park’s Wollman Rink, and making snow angels in Sheep Meadow. Luckily for all the elves back home in the North Pole, our visiting guests will return via Thom Browne’s Hector sleigh with all their holiday shopping in tow. The only worry is what will happen now that the elves got a taste of high fashion. Will designer uniforms from Santa himself be at the top of next year’s list?
Below, scroll through to discover our four holiday elves dressed by Thom Browne, Tanner Fletcher, Batsheva, Olympia Gayot, and Brendon Babenzien.
The Thom Browne doll accessorized with the Hector bag as well as various bag charms from the brand.
The Thom Browne doll, which Vogue editors received last December, served as an inspiration for the story. Here, the doll wears Thom Browne and is perched on a Hector bag while Hector and gingerbread bag charms accompany the doll on its multicity shopping trip.
The Elf on the Shelf wears Tanner Fletcher, designed by Tanner Richie and Fletcher Kasell.
The Tanner Fletcher elf wears the brand’s signature satin Walt bow suit with its accompanying blue ribbons, famously worn by Bad Bunny. The elves are getting ready to hit the town and all of Savannah Engel’s clients’ parties with their holiday presents in hand because, according to Vogue’s etiquette column, bringing your hostess a gift is always a good idea.
The Elf on the Shelf wears Batsheva, designed by Batsheva Hay.
The Batsheva elf took a trip downtown to the designer’s Nolita storefront, where she got dressed in a colorful multiprint strapless gown. After trying on her sample dress, she stopped by Drybar, Sephora, and the nail salon to get all glammed up before meeting the Tanner Fletcher elf at Balthazar for pre-party drinks. (Unfortunately, due to their last-minute planning, they could not secure a reservation elsewhere, but thanks to Anna Wintour’s assistants, they were able to snag room at the bar of the iconic SoHo restaurant.)
The Elf on the Shelf wears a J.Crew knit sweater and corduroy pants, designed by Brendon Babenzien.
The Elf on the Shelf wears a red peacoat, knit sweater, tulle skirt, and loafers, all J.Crew, designed by Olympia Gayot.
The J.Crew elves kept things simple after their trip to One World Trade Center, where they met the Vogue employees they’ve been seeing all over TikTok. Instead of spending the rest of the afternoon prepping for holiday parties, they opted to hit all of New York City’s holiday sightseeing spots, from the Rockefeller Center Christmas tree to Central Park (where Blair Waldorf famously went ice skating in season one of Gossip Girl).
Special thanks to Mike Marano
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty