By 

	Juan J. Arroyo


	The last time Colombian megastar Feid did a concert in Puerto Rico, performing two shows in April of 2023, he broke records, completely selling out the venue less than an hour after tickets went on sale. Those two events reinforced his place on the island — widely considered the mecca and home of reggaeton — and won him an undeniable seal of approval from an audience that has high standards for the genre. He’s made appearances since then, notably at his good friend Bad Bunny’s album release event and concert, but this weekend, he finally came back for his own extravaganza.

	He made the latest stop on his “FerxxoCalipsis World Tour,” named so after his latest project, at the iconic José Miguel Agrelot Coliseum in the capital of San Juan. Last year, he was celebrating having recovered from a serious injury that sidelined him for months, the result of a late-2021 motorcycle accident. This year, he proved he was back and stronger than ever; there was no better evidence than his show, which spanned 45 songs, over a span of almost three hours. 

	










	The arena area featured two tall elevated scaffolds, connected by a short skybridge, each wallpapered with numerous large screens. Under and around the towers was the actual stage, elevated to eye-level so fans could still feel close to the artist. Those same fans roared to life once the venue’s lights dimmed, and Feid burst onto the floor to the sound of “ALAKRAN” and “50 PALOS,” both off of FERXXOCALIPSIS. His energy and stamina was at a high from the jump, and never faltered. The superstar ran and skipped from side to side, never losing his breath as he raced through hits like “BUBALU” and “FUMETEO.” After a quick and earnest introduction, expressing how elated he was to be back in Puerto Rico, he worked the crowd into a frenzy by playing his Bad Bunny collab, “PERRO NEGRO,” off Benito’s most recent album Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana.

	At this point, barely 20 minutes into the show, Feid brought out his first guest. Urbano wunderkind Álvaro Díaz, a longtime friend of Feid’s, came onstage and sang “GATITAS SANDUNGUERAS” as the crowd shouted along in support. After an encore of Díaz’s verse, the two artists reached back in time and performed “A Mí También” from Tainy’s 2020 underrated mixtape Club Dieciséis. Feid claimed it’s a personal favorite of all their collabs so far.

	











	
		Editor’s picks
	
	











	
	
		
					The 100 Best TV Episodes of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century So Far		
	














	
	
		
					The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 200 Greatest Singers of All Time		
	








	After “Brickell” and “El Cielo,” he brought out Mora for a quick performance of “LA INOCENTE.” Mora’s presence was brief and not too splashy, but piqued the attention of fans due to the t-shirt he was wearing: It endorsed the surging pro-independence gubernatorial candidate of Puerto Rico Juan Dalmau, who has amassed a loyal following among young voters.

	Mora was quickly followed by another surprise guest, Colombian artist Kapo. While he’s been putting in the work in the music industry for a few years now, his star has truly started to shine in 2024 thanks to going viral on TikTok. Alongside Feid, they launched into Kapo’s biggest hit yet, the catchy “Ohnana.” Following that, Feid ceded the stage to his fellow countryman, who impressed the audience with confident stage presence and undeniable pipes during “UWAIE.”

	As he returned to the stage, Feid looked out at the crowd and, with a sly smile, said, “You know a Ferxxo show isn’t a Ferxxo show without an acoustic set.” On cue, he was joined by longtime guitarist Pedro Mejía and singer Mariana Vargas. Amusingly, the white stage smoke that was piped in was apparently a little thicker than anticipated, completely enveloping the three to the point where Feid stopped the first song mid-chorus. As the smoke cleared, Feid and his companions could be seen onstage laughing uncontrollably. “Let’s try that again, this time without so much fog,” he chuckled. They regained their composure, and as Mejía strummed and Vargas backed him up, they played through hits like “FERXXO 30” and “Prohibidox.” To close out the medley, Feid shared “This is the song most of you here probably discovered me by,” before launching into a rendition of his ubiquitous 2020 bop “PORFA.”





	
		Related Content
	
	






	
	
		
					Colombia's High Court Says Song By Karol G, J Balvin, More Sexualizes Minors		
	









	
	
		
					Puerto Rican Star ROA Sings to a 'Reina' He Thinks Is the One on New Single		
	









	
	
		
					Ty Dolla $ign Sings in Spanish With Feid on Love Song 'Dallax'		
	









	
	
		
					Bad Bunny Made Chuwi World-Famous. They Have Even Bigger Dreams		
	








	The mellow vibes were immediately replaced by flames filling up all the screens, and Mejía changing into an all-black Stormtrooper-esque getup with a new guitar that shot fire out of its headstock. As Feid sang “Mojando Asientos,” “REMIX EXCLUSIVO” and more, his guitarist walked around the stage launching jets of fire in rhythm with the pounding bass.

	The most memorable moment of the concert came soon after. Coming down from playing “LUCES DE TECNO” and “EY CHORY” from last year’s MOR, No Le Temas a La Oscuridad, Feid sat down on the edge of the stage and passed a handheld camera off to a lucky audience member, with the feed projected on the multiple screens. “Make sure you get a good angle,” he teased. “What’re you drinking?” he asked another person in the crowd. “Vodka? With passion fruit? Can I try?” and took a generous swig of his fan’s drink. “It’s good, it’s good,” he said as he sent it back. With everyone captivated, he began to sing “Ferxxo 100” a capella before the beat kicked in.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	Five years ago, Feid teamed up with producer Dímelo Flow and reggaetoneros Dalex, Justin Quiles, Lenny Tavárez, and Sech to form a star-powered collective they unofficially dubbed “the Avengers.” The collaboration resulted in the 2019 album The Academy, but Feid was conspicuously absent in this year’s follow-up The Academy: Segunda Misión. Rumor spread the Avengers would reunite onstage during the concert, which proved partly true: During the show’s third act, Quiles and Tavárez made an appearance and joined Feid as they interpreted hits from the quintet like “Quizás,” “Cuaderno,” and “Pa Mí” to the ​​raucous delight of the audience.

	Near 1 a.m., Feid began to wind down the show, despite no one appearing to be the least bit exhausted. He performed fan favorites like “CLASSY 101” and “CHORRITO PA LAS ANIMAS,” before closing the night with “LUNA.” The concert underlined in no uncertain terms that Feid continues to be more than welcome, with open arms, by his fans in Puerto Rico and that as a performer, he’s nowhere close to losing steam.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.