The 2024 NFL Draft is one of the most exciting events of the year for football fans. With the draft just around the corner, speculation is already mounting about which players will be selected and where they will end up. 
One of the most closely-watched positions in the draft is quarterback, and this year's class is shaping up to be particularly strong. In this 2024 NFL Mock Draft 3.0, we'll take a look at the top six quarterbacks through the lens of being taken in the first 16 picks of the draft, and how the latest coaching hires are likely to impact their draft stock.
No. 1: Chicago Bears — Caleb Williams, QB, USC
Bears could look to trade this pick, but here they stay put. Williams is one of the best out-of-structure quarterback prospects the NFL has seen and will go No. 1 overall, regardless of who is picking there. Williams needs to work on bad habits and must be better at playing on schedule in the NFL.
No. 2: Washington Commanders - Jayden Daniels, QB, LSU 
Daniels has been getting buzz about going ahead of Drake Maye, who has been commonly mocked as the number two quarterback. Daniels will be able to showcase his athleticism at the NFL Scouting Combine. He has a real shot of pulling away from Drake Maye for the number two spot for good.
No. 3: New England Patriots - Drake Maye, QB North Carolina
To help speed up their rebuild, the Patriots could look to fill their quarterback need in free agency and might trade down with the Vikings, Falcons, or another quarterback-needy team. Maye's mobility in the pocket would be excellent for a Patriots team that struggled to protect the quarterback in 2023.
No. 4: Arizona Cardinals - Marvin Harrison Jr, WR, Ohio State
It makes sense for Harrison Jr to go this high, but does it make sense for the Cardinals? They are in desperate need of defensive backs and offensive linemen. However, the trio of Harrison Jr, Marquise Brown, Michael Wilson, and Trey McBride set up the Cardinal's weapons nicely. They need to double back for a cornerback or offensive lineman.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.