Staff Writer
Foxboro, MA – The Patriots are gearing up for a throwback matchup with the Colts at Gillette Stadium, with eight of their nine questionable players officially active on Sunday.
Patriots inactives. pic.twitter.com/c2KFUfCXXv
The Patriots inactives are NT Jaquelin Roy (neck), S Marte Mapu, WR K.J. Osborn, G Lester Cotton, G Tyrese Robinson, DE Titus Leo, and rookie Joe Milton is the emergency third quarterback. The Colts inactives are WR Josh Downs (shoulder), WR Ashton Dulin (ankle), FS Darren Hall, DE Isaiah Land, C Tanor Bortolini, T Braden Smith, and Sam Ehlinger is the emergency third quarterback.
Starting on offense, WR DeMario Douglas (ankle) and starting left tackle Vederian Lowe (shoulder) are officially active after practicing in a limited capacity this week. Douglas, who leads all Patriot wide receivers in catches (48) and scrimmage yards (602), is finding his groove with rookie QB Drake Maye, tallying over 50 receiving yards in three consecutive games. Douglas's usage on gadget plays, slants, and crossing routes has made him a viable slot receiver, an important role in offensive coordinator Alex Van Pelt's offense.
Along the offensive line, Lowe is expected to start at left tackle while continuing to play through a shoulder injury. Last week, the third-year tackle struggled with penalties in the loss to the Dolphins, where he was called for three false starts and a hold. Although you cannot ignore the penalties, Lowe was mostly solid other than the flags, allowing just two quarterback pressures. From a procedural standpoint, Lowe must be better as he seeks a clean performance on Sunday. Still, Lowe remains the team's best option at left tackle from a blocking perspective.
As for who else will start on the offensive line, rookie fourth-rounder Layden Robinson is expected to start next to Lowe at left guard. Earlier this week, the team released G Michael Jordan from the 53-man roster and re-signed Jordan to the practice squad. The fifth-year vet has started 11 of 12 games at left guard for New England this season but has been inconsistent with picking up defensive line stunts and generating movement in the run game.
On Friday, head coach Jerod Mayo spoke about how the Patriots want to see what they have in their recent draft picks before the season ends. As much as the Pats HC wants to win every game, New England also recognizes it's in roster evaluation mode at 3-9.
"Look, you want to win right now, but at the same time, I think it would be a disservice to go to the end of the season and not know exactly what we have," Coach Mayo said. "You need a guy like Layden Robinson to show what he can do."
Robinson, whom the coaching staff is hopeful can develop into a starting guard, will likely get another chance to start. The rookie's last start didn't go well when he was benched in the second quarter vs. the Titans. As insurance, the Patriots elevated Jordan from the practice squad, so the veteran is available if Robinson struggles. For Jordan, that's his final standard elevation of the season, meaning he'll need to be re-added to the 53-man roster to play after this week.
With the game-day roster now set, here is QB Drake Maye's projected supporting cast vs. the Colts on Sunday.
OL - Lowe, Robinson, Brown, Onwenu, Jacobs
WR - Boutte, Douglas, Bourne, Polk, Baker
TE - Henry, Hooper, Bell
RB - Stevenson, Gibson, Hasty
Moving over to the defense, safety Jabrill Peppers is active for the first time since Week 4. Peppers was removed from the commissioner's exempt list on Monday, allowing him to return to practice and be back with the club. Although he was listed as questionable due to a knee injury, Peppers is officially active on Sunday. With Peppers returning, second-year LB/S Marte Mapu is inactive for New England. Mapu has been limited in practice with a neck injury but was removed from the final injury report this week, signaling that he's a healthy scratch.
The Patriots defense will also get a boost with captain Deatrich Wise returning to the lineup after a two-game absence. The eight-year vet is tied for the team lead with five sacks and ranks third on the Patriots with 14 pressures. He'll join a defensive line rotation that features hybrid DE Keion White, DT Christian Barmore, NT Davon Godchaux, DT Daniel Ekuale, DT Jeremiah Pharms, and pass-rusher Yannick Ngakoue. Barmore has been ramping up his participation since returning from blood clots and is off the injury report for the first time since July.
Lastly, New England had four more core contributors with questionable designations heading into Sunday's game: OLB Anfernee Jennings (knee), LB Sione Takitaki (knee), and LB Christian Elliss (knee), and S Kyle Dugger (ankle). On Sunday, all four Pats defenders are active to defend Colts dual-threat QB Anthony Richardson and Pro Bowl running back Jonathan Taylor. The Patriots defense will face an offense that incorporates designed quarterback runs for the first time this season, so it'll be interesting to see how Coach Mayo and defensive coordinator DeMarcus Covington game plan against Richardson and company.
Patriots hybrid safeties Kyle Dugger and Jabrill Peppers could have big roles. It's always important to be physical in the middle of the defense, but Indianapolis's read-option package also stresses the edges, where having more athletic defenders who can still tackle bigger ball carriers like Richardson would be helpful. We might also see special teams ace Brenden Schooler have a larger role in the "Longhorn" package. Schooler could exceed his season-high five defensive snaps in a Week 10 win over the Bears. If the Pats can get the Colts into obvious passing situations, Schooler could spy Richardson to limit the Colts QB on scrambles.
With five games remaining in the regular season, the goal for the Patriots is to start building some momentum while evaluating the younger players on their roster. Although the playoffs look unlikely, the team still has an opportunity to make progress.
The Patriots and Colts kick off at 1 p.m. ET at Gillette Stadium on Sunday.
DISCLAIMER: The views and thoughts expressed in this article are those of the writer and don't necessarily reflect those of the organization. Read Full Disclaimer
Rookie QB Joe Milton is officially active for Sunday's season finale vs. the Bills at Gillette Stadium.
With the Patriots current starter inactive, the expectation is that former first-rounder Cole Strange will start at center vs. the Chargers on Saturday. 
The Patriots safety will be inactive for Sunday's game vs. the Bills due to a hamstring injury. 
Despite being activated from the PUP list earlier this week, C/G Cole Strange is officially inactive for Sunday's game vs. the Cardinals. 
After going through a pre-game workout to test his injured hip, Gonzalez is officially active with an expected matchup vs. Dolphins WR Tyreek Hill 
The Patriots defense will get a major boost with Barmore and Dugger returning to the lineup for Sunday's game vs. the Rams. 
After mixing up the offensive line combinations in practice this week, who will start for the Patriots O-Line in Sunday's game vs. the Bears?
With the trade deadline looming, the Patriots wideouts are healthy scratches for Sunday's game vs. the Titans in Tennessee. 
The Patriots will be down starting safety Kyle Dugger (ankle) and DT Daniel Ekuale (abdomen) in Sunday's game vs. the Jets at Gillette Stadium. 
After a one-game absence, the Patriots top running back is officially active for Sunday's game in London.
The Patriots game-day roster is set for rookie QB Drake Maye's first career start vs. the Texans on Sunday.
With 11 selections in the 2025 NFL Draft, here's everything you need to know about the newest Patriots rookies. 
A 22-person nomination committee selects Julian Edelman, Logan Mankins, and Adam Vinatieri as the 2025 Patriots Hall of Fame finalists. Patriots fans now have until April 30 to vote for the finalist most deserving of Patriots Hall of Fame induction.
Tom Brady's historic Hall of Fame induction ceremony has been nominated for an Emmy Award.
Tracking all of the Patriots transactions during the free agent signing period.
New England Patriots Chairman and CEO Robert Kraft announced the selection of former Head Coach Bill Parcells for induction into the Patriots Hall of Fame as a contributor.
A look at the Patriots opponents from 2025 through 2027.

    This website is the only official website of the New England Patriots and is © Copyright New England Patriots (the "Club"). Commercial reproduction, distribution or transmission of any part or parts of this website or any information contained therein by any means whatsoever without the prior written permission of the Club is not permitted.