The Minnesota Vikings have an 82.4% probability of reaching the postseason, which means a total meltdown would be needed to miss the playoff dance.
The Vikings’ defense serves as the calling card, while the offense accompanies Brian Flores’ operation nicely.
And with nine games to go, these three young Vikings players could soon experience more playing time. They’re ranked in ascending order of impact (No. 1 = most impactful young player).
Close your ears: a Vikings cornerback will get injured soon. It may not be season-ending, but somehow, Minnesota has not encountered any injuries to Stephon Gilmore, Byron Murphy, or Shaquill Griffin. One should be dinged up by now.
When the time comes — hopefully not soon — Minnesota will need assistance from a reservist corner. That could be Akayleb Evans, Fabian Moreau, or Dwight McGlothern. 
Seeing another undrafted free agent like McGlothern mature into a prominent role would be sweet.
Undrafted rookie defensive tackle Taki Taimani recently hit Injured Reserve, hitting the shelf for at least four games. Drake Rodriguez slid up the depth chart while Minnesota signed no new players or promoted anyone other than Jalen Redmond.
Drake Rodriguez won’t encounter a starter’s workload, but he’ll nibble at regular season playing time in November and December.
The young defender played well in the preseason, and he hopes to translate that flair into the regular season.
Turner saw over 30 defensive plays in Week 1, and then after an injury in Week 2, he basically became a footnote.
But the Vikings have insisted — repeatedly — that Turner will intermix into the defense. This brand of Vikings leadership isn’t known for hoodwinking fans. Turner’s snap count grew last weekend and will increase subsequently.
Veteran pass rusher Patrick Jones II will hit the sidelines more frequently as Turner continues his emergence to stardom. 
Vikings general manager Kwesi Adofo-Mensah traded a mini-version of the farm for Turner in April, and the guy almost has to become a Pro Bowler to make the ginormous trade price(s) worth it. The organization can’t afford to let him sit on the bench, so the proof will be in the pudding with an increased workload.
Dustin Baker is a political scientist who graduated from the University of Minnesota in 2007. Subscribe to his daily YouTube Channel, VikesNow. The show features guests, analysis, and opinion on all things related to the purple team, with 4-7 episodes per week. His MIN obsession dates back to 1996. Listed guilty pleasures: Peanut Butter Ice Cream, ‘The Sopranos,’ Basset Hounds, and The Doors (the band). He follows the NBA as closely as the NFL. 
All statistics provided by Pro Football Reference / Stathead; all contractual information provided by OverTheCap.com.

													You must be logged in to post a comment.