The Patriots are heading to London this week to play the Jacksonville Jaguars in their second home for their Week 7 matchup. Although both teams are coming off disappointing losses, which saw them lose by double digits, the Patriots had a much more promising outing against the Texans with Drake Maye under center than the Jaguars did against the Bears.
Maye's infusion into the offense has brought out a new sense of excitement from the team and the fans, which will inevitably be the boost the offense needs as they head into an expected easier stretch of their schedule.
Despite their shortcomings in recent weeks, Maye was able to bring a spark to the game plan with the utilization of second-year receivers Kayshon Boutte and DeMario Douglas, who both registered their first career touchdowns last week. We also saw the triumphant return of Hunter Henry, who should be implemented into the weekly mix moving forward because he is far too dominant of a force to continue being underused.
However, the offense was without star running back Rhamondre Stevenson, which appears to be the case for this game as well. While Antonio Gibson is a suitable backup, the run game could not make any contributions against the Texans in Week 6, so we couldn't see how good he could be in Stevenson's absence.
Based on the first injury report ahead of their trip across the pond, we'll have to see what Gibson will do against the Jaguars and hold off on Stevenson's return a bit longer.
DID NOT PARTICIPATE
LIMITED PARTICIPATION
FULL PARTICIPATION
CB Marcus Jones (groin/illness)
CB Isaiah Bolden (hamstring)
WR Kendrick Bourne (knee)
T Vederian Lowe (ankle)
S Kyle Dugger (ankle)
LS Joe Cardona (calf)
RB Rhamondre Stevenson (foot)
DT Davon Godchaux (elbow)
LB Anfernee Jennings (shoulder)
CB Jonathan Jones (shoulder)
QB Drake Maye (knee)
G Michael Jordan (ankle)
WR K.J. Osborn (shoulder)
S Marte Mapu (neck)
LB Sione Takitaki (knee)
CB Marco Wilson (groin)
It's also not great that Marcus Jones did not practice on Wednesday, especially since he had some impressive moments last Sunday, and Vederian Lowe being sidelined is certainly not good, either.
Fortunately, many players were able to participate fully or limitedly in the padded practice, which bodes well for their chances to travel with the team this week. Many suffered injuries mid-game vs. the Texans but did return, so hopefully, that will be the case as they head to London in the next few days.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.