Using data from crime statistics on mt.gov, we have calculated the counties with the most violent crimes per 100,000 people. 
The Helena Police Department said Wednesday it completed its annual compliance check of all registered sex and violent offenders living within the city limits.
Officers from four agencies visited the residences of 181 offenders Oct. 23-24, Lt. Jayson Zander said in a Facebook post.
Of those, there were 66 sex offenders’ addresses verified in person. There were 21 sex offenders’ addresses verified by phone. There were 69 violent offenders’ addresses verified in person and 14 violent offenders’ addresses were verified by phone, he said.
There are 11 offenders (three sex offenders and eight violent offenders) authorities were unable to make contact with, police said.
The Montana Department of Justice (SVOR unit) and the Helena Police Department will work together to locate these unverified offenders, Zander said.
There were three other agencies that assisted police this operation: Montana Department of Criminal Investigations, Montana State Probation & Parole (Helena Division) and U.S. Marshals Office.
The Helena Police Department thanked these agencies for their help and thanked local Helena SVOR Coordinator Chris Noose for his work in in completing all the needed documents to make the compliance check a success.
Reach Phil Drake at phil.drake@helenair.com or call 406-231-9021.
Get the latest in local public safety news with this weekly email.
Using data from crime statistics on mt.gov, we have calculated the counties with the most violent crimes per 100,000 people. 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.