The NFL Draft is still two months away and soon the NFL Combine will shake up some of the fringe first-round draft picks. 
A lot has happened around the NFL since I posted my last mock draft. Teams were allowed to designate franchise tags and inform players of their status with the team. With these changes, I introduce this week's Round 1 2024 NFL Mock Draft. 
Trades are possible with this week's mock draft. I tried to limit the trades amongst teams unless extremely necessary. Nevertheless, trades are not taboo in this week's mock draft and it made for some interesting results in the first round. 
Plenty of mock drafts around the league have the Bears selecting Caleb Williams as number 1 overall. So, when in Rome do like the Romans.
Washington makes a surprise move here going with Jayden Daniels over Drake Maye. Does anyone really know which quarterbacks will pan out and which ones won't?
Fortunately for New England, this year's draft has 3 top-tier quarterbacks. Saving all their draft capital, the Patriots select Drake Maye from North Carolina. 
I am a big fan of Malik Nabers and his body of work. I think the argument can be made that Malik is better than Marvin Harrison Jr. Of course Arizona seems to think so as well as he gets picked with the 4th pick in the draft.
The Chargers had a litany of injuries last year on offense. With so many players set to leave in free agency, Justin Herbert needs a young go-to receiver. John Harbaugh starts his tenure in Los Angeles by drafting a can't miss receiver. 
Whoever went under center for the Giants last year was running for their lives every game. Joe Alt looks to solidify that Giants line as the first offensive lineman taken off the board in 2024. 
With Will Levis set to take the helm at quarterback, the Titans are going to need to get him more offensive weapons. Tennessee does just that by selecting Rome Odunze from Washington.
With three top quarterbacks off the board the Jets find themselves able to trade up with the Falcons to select their franchise tackle of the future. The Jets give up a 1st and a 4th to move up to spots. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.