Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 In the latest Death in Paradise, a famous chef is poisoned at the grand opening of his latest hotel during a cooking competition in which various hopefuls compete for the head chef position. 
The team are left confounded when they realise that the victim didn’t consume anything that day that the contestants hadn’t consumed themselves. So how, then, was the poison administered? How was he the only one who wound up dead?
 Whilst Catherine finds herself entangled in the case, when an old friend becomes a murder suspect, Neville and the team dig deep and unravel secret after secret, soon realising that nothing in this case is what it seems. OK! takes a look at the guest stars for the latest instalment. 
Stanley Drake - Gordon Kennedy
Stanley Drake is a top restauranteur who's looking for a new head chef for a new hotel on Saint Marie. He will no doubt be horrified when one of the hopefuls for the role is killed. Did Stanley do it?
Actor Gordon is Scottish and has previously appeared in BBC series Robin Hood and Red Cap. Alongside his acting career, Gordon is a rugby coach for the London Wasps.
Gordon, 65, also narrated the British edition of Kitchen Nightmares encompassing 26 episodes between 2010 and 2012.
Celeste Duvall - Yasmin Mwanza
Celeste Duvall is one of the chef's entering the competition in the hope of taking the head chef role. Could it be Celeste is the one who is poisoned as someone close fears she will take the job?
Yasmin Mwanza has a number of credits under her name having appeared in TV mini series Stephen, opposite Tom Holland in Spider-Man: Far From Home, and TV series Hanna.
Lucky Clayborn - Kate Robbins
Lucky Clayborn is a chef who is an old friend of Catherine Bordey, who is the island's mayor and runs her own bar. Catherine will be pulled into the mystery and could be an alibi for Lucky.
 Kate Robbins is the mother of Emily Atack, and is known as a singer, actress and songwriter. Kate, 65, has appeared in several well-known series including Silent Witness, Midsomer Murders, The Couple Next Door, Unforgotten and After Life. 
Tristan Clayborn - Michael Fenton Stevens
Tristan Clayborn is Lucky's husband who is also a chef but not much more is known about his character.
Michael Fenton Stevens, 66, will be recognised for his work on BBC Radio 4's The Archers, and appearing in Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy radio series and Benidorm.
Dionne Bertrand - Shvorne Marks
Dionne Bertrand also enters Stanley's contest to take the head chef position but will she be successful?
Shvorne Markshas made appearance in several popular series. Mostly recently she appeared in Three Little Birds, Spy/Master and The Walk-In. Shvorne has also starred in The Baby Breeders, Vera, Silent Witness and SAS: Red Notice.