The Minnesota Vikings are lining up their chess pieces. What they're missing is a queen.
While the king may be endemic to the game's finish, no piece means move to a player's attack than the one that can traverse the board unlike any other. Kirk Cousins was that presence the last six years, but now he's an Atlanta Falcon. Sam Darnold arrived in the Twin Cities on a one-year contract for entirely too much money, but can't be counted on to be anything more than a stopgap measure.
The most reliable way to procure a franchise quarterback, despite Minnesota's past success with Washington castoff Cousins, is through the draft. Vikings general manager Kwesi Adofo-Mensah has spent his offseason telling the world that's exactly what he plans to do. From signing Darnold to staying mum on deals for young former starters/turnaround candidates (Justin Fields, Mac Jones, Desmond Ridder) to, most importantly, swinging a deal for the Houston Texans' first round pick.
By sending two second round picks south, Adofo-Mensah now has the 11th and 23rd selections in the 2024 NFL Draft. There may have been a useful, game-changing quarterback lingering outside the top 10 this spring, but two Day 1 selections give Minnesota the leverage to deal its way up the draft board and potentially even land a top three quarterback.
Let's take a look at some theoretical deals the Vikings could make armed with assets and understanding the needs of the nine teams ahead of them in the draft order.
Vikings send: 11th and 23rd overall picks, 2025 first round pick
Patriots send: Third overall pick, 2025 fourth round pick
The 11th and 23rd picks alone would be enough value to pry the third overall selection per Bill Belichick's old trade value system. However, Belichick is no longer in the building and this is a New England team that needs a quarterback. Two firsts isn't going to facilitate this deal. The Vikings don't have their second or third round picks this spring -- or a second rounder next spring thanks to the Houston deal -- which makes this an expensive proposition for the Vikings.
It would also be the kind of Godfather offer the Patriots couldn't refuse. New England isn't a quarterback away from contention. This is a team that badly needs help along the offensive line and at wideout -- two positions that could be buttressed with Minnesota's 2024 picks. And maybe from there a Justin Fields trade makes sense. Or Jacoby Brissett just hangs on to the starting role for a year. Either way, it's going to cost a lot to move up from 11 to three.
The quarterbacks who could be picked: Drake Maye, Jayden Daniels
Vikings send: 11th and 23rd overall picks, 2024 fourth round pick (108th overall)
Chargers send: Fifth overall pick
Moving up to the fifth overall pick would give Minnesota the top choice among this year's second tier of quarterbacks -- or potentially place itself in position should Maye slide down draft boards in April. Los Angeles has no desire for a quarterback with Justin Herbert in place. It has a glaring need for talent pretty much everywhere else, particularly at wideout after releasing Mike Williams and trading away Keenan Allen.
Moving back from No. 5 likely means trading away a shot to draft Malik Nabers. But there will still be several solid wideouts available with both the 11th and 23rd overall picks. The Chargers' overall weakness could make them a seller, particularly when it comes to inexpensive players on rookie contracts given the total mess 2024's salary cap situation turned out to be.
The quarterbacks who could be picked: Drake Maye, JJ McCarthy
Vikings send: 11th and 23rd overall picks, 2024 fifth round pick (167th overall)
Giants send: Sixth overall pick, 2024 fourth round pick (107th overall)
There's one year remaining on the Daniel Jones experience. After 2024, he can be released or traded while incurring only $11 million in dead salary cap space for the Giants. That may make it tempting for New York to draft a quarterback here -- but with Jones on the roster, they could afford to be patient and select a more developmental prospect like Michael Penix or Michael Pratt later on.
A spot outside the top five lessens the return the Vikings may have to send east but could offer the same QB prospects they'd see at No. 5 since both the Cardinals and Chargers are in a place to prioritize wideouts over entrenched young passers. If their best case scenario is JJ McCarthy, this may be the sweet spot in which to draft him without getting too badly fleeced.
The quarterbacks who could be picked: JJ McCarthy, Bo Nix
Vikings send: 11th and 23rd overall picks
Titans send: Seventh overall pick, 2024 fifth round pick (146th overall)
Adding Calvin Ridley to the roster at $50 million guaranteed feels like a message that Tennessee is ready to ride with Will Levis, at least through the 2024 season. Picking up an extra first round pick in exchange for sliding back four slots would be a boost for a team that still needs the connective tissue to be more than a collection of parts. In this case, they'd have to send back a Day 3 pick with moderate value to sort out a deal.
We're getting into the territory where Minnesota would be making deals specifically to stop other teams from jumping ahead of them at 11. After the Giants there's no one ahead of them who is a specific risk to draft a quarterback (maybe the Jets at No. 10, given ... you know). Giving up two firsts just to get this far feels like an overpay because it is. But we're talking about rookie quarterbacks, whose value is immense... when they hit.
The quarterbacks who could be picked: JJ McCarthy, Bo Nix
Vikings send: 11th and 23rd overall picks, 2025 fifth round pick
Falcons send: Eighth overall pick, 2024 fourth round pick (109th overall), 2025 fourth round pick
Atlanta stole away the Vikings' quarterback. Now they provide the means to draft his longterm replacement while loading up with low-cost playmakers to help balance their spending against Cousins' paychecks.
Again, this would be a preventative move to keep from getting jumped in line. And while it may be painful to give the team who took your starter away two premium assets for a player who might linger to No. 11 anyway, it may be a necessary tax to pay. The Broncos await at No. 12 with Jarrett Stidham as their most experienced QB and $35 million in dead cap space lingering into 2025 thanks to Russell Wilson's release. Denver's going to want to jump the line, but Sean Payton can't offer two 2024 first round picks to do so.
Thus, the Vikings pay a premium. But they also get their man.
The quarterbacks who could be picked: JJ McCarthy, Bo Nix