New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye (10) on the sideline during an NFL football game against the San Francisco 49ers, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024, in Santa Clara, Calif. (AP Photo/Scot Tucker)AP
Drake Maye was excited about the prospects of wearing the Patriots’ red throwback uniforms against the Houston Texans.
Might as well add a red cape. And put an “S” in the middle of his chest.
Heading into his first NFL start, Maye needs to be one-part Superman, one-part savior.
The conditions for the Patriots rookie quarterback to thrive and be that superhero, however, couldn’t be much more dire. He’s making his debut with a team that’s lost four straight games and has gotten worse with each game. He also doesn’t have much in the way of support around him. Between the sad state of the offensive line, having an arsenal of receivers who struggle to get open, and top back Rhamondre Stevenson already ruled out, it’s not an optimal entry point for a rookie quarterback.
Jerod Mayo and the Patriots braintrust don’t seem to mind. They need Maye now. As Bill Belichick would say, it is what it is.
As for how it plays out for Maye against a Texans defense that devours quarterbacks, it’s hard to picture anything but a train wreck.
But then again, stranger things have happened.
Coming in now, Maye isn’t a one-game proposition. Assuming he stays healthy, he’s going to get his NFL baptism over the course of the remaining dozen games.
The Patriots have to hope and pray they don’t cause damage to his psyche, while playing Russian roulette with his confidence. They have to hope they don’t set him back, and make him start seeing ghosts with every pass rush.
The best case scenario?
Maye survives and several other impactful storylines materialize.
Putting on the optimist hat, here’s what would make the Patriots roll of the dice turn out to be a magic seven.
The rookie quarterback has talent. That much has been evident ever since he stepped on the field in rookie camp. Talent, however, doesn’t always translate against NFL defenses. Maye has improved through the early camps, training camp, the preseason, and his one cameo against the Jets.
He’s also progressed through practice, getting in for roughly 30 percent of the starter reps before taking the lion’s share this week. With his quick release, athleticism, rocket arm, accuracy with off-platform throws, and a lack of fear throwing into tight windows, Maye has the ability to do what Jacoby Brissett couldn’t - lift the offense.
Patriots players certainly sounded enthused by what they’ve seen from Maye during practices.
Perhaps his ability to get rid of the ball quickly, and his ability to beat defenses with his legs will mask some of the deficiencies of the offensive line. His arm and accuracy might also boost the proficiency of the receivers.
He can’t do much worse than the 12.4 points per game average the Patriots currently boast. If Maye overcomes the obstacles in his path, and plays to his capabilities, the offense should soar.
He’ll likely make more mistakes than Brissett, but he’s also going to make more impactful plays. That’s what Mayo & Co. are banking on.
Brissett was a flop in Alex Van Pelt’s offense. And that’s fine as long as Maye doesn’t join him with that distinction. The most important element of Van Pelt’s job is to have him develop a young quarterback and get the most out of Maye, not Brissett.
Getting Maye to reach his potential, is the whole point of this exercise.
While some have suggested Van Pelt’s offense isn’t suited to Maye, the Patriots offensive coordinator recently pointed out what he maps out for Brissett, might not be the same as what he schemes for Maye.
He said he always tries to tailor his offense to the quarterback, and not the other way around.
“We adapt everything to the skillset of our players,” Van Pelt said. “If a guy’s a run-and-shoot quarterback, he’ll play a run-and-shoot system for us. If you have two great running backs, then you have a system where you run the football. But the quarterback is always the one we think about first when we game-plan. And that will always evolve to be around what’s best suited for that quarterback.”
Translation?
For Maye, Van Pelt will likely utilize more shotgun, perhaps more read-option, and more roll-outs to take advantage of his ability to throw on the move.
By most accounts, the Patriots had a good week of practice, and an extra bounce in their step with Maye under center, and the game plan for the Texans installed. The rookie QB was also pretty charged up.
“I think it’s a great opportunity. It’s something you dream of, getting your first start in the NFL,” Maye said Wednesday. “I’m really excited to get out there with the guys, take advantage of having the full week to get prepared, and try to put my best foot forward to help the team win.”
Van Pelt said Wednesday the Patriots could easily be 3-2 instead of 1-4. A play here, a play there against Seattle and Miami, and the outlook would certainly be different.
The implication was, better quarterback play might have changed the outcomes of several losses.
We’ll soon find out if that’s the case. If Maye is able to make more plays, deliver in the clutch, there are certainly winnable games on the slate the rest of the year.
Conceivably, there are possible wins against Jacksonville, Tennessee, Chicago, Indianapolis, the Las Angeles Rams and Miami depending on the quarterback.
At the very least, the Patriots should be more competitive. If it turns out well, and Maye delivers, the boost will not only encompass this season, but would carry over into next year.
“I feel like there’s a renewed sense of energy throughout the team, and now it just comes down to Sunday, going out there and executing,” Mayo said Friday.
The Washington Commanders look like they have their star in Jayden Daniels, who was the second overall pick. Chicago’s Caleb Williams, the No. 1 overall pick, struggled out of the gate, but seems to have turned the corner.
Now it’s Maye turn to carve out his NFL identity.
The reason the Patriots drafted him third overall was because of need, and he screamed potential. He has the tools to be a star. In the coming weeks, that could very well prove to be the case.
UNC coach Mack Brown, Maye’s college coach, had no doubt. Shortly after Maye was drafted, he couldn’t say enough about the Drake Factor and how that would play out in Foxborough.
“He’s the guy that when he walks out on the field, you think you’re going to score. That’s what I like about him so much,” Brown told reporters on a Zoom call. “He walks with confidence, but not arrogance. He’s fun for the players. He has a unique way to get on them, and elevate their play without yelling at ‘em, because they want to please him, and they want to play hard for him ... they do not want to let him down, and that’s another unique quality he has.”
Mostly, Brown thought Maye was a perfect fit for the Patriots, and their fan base largely because of how much of a competitor he is, and how driven he is to win.
“He’ll be great for the city of Boston,” Brown said. “He competes. Fans will love watching him. We had to make him slide, because he wanted to run over people. And I think that’s what you’ll see when you get him. . . . everything you can know about this young guy is real.
“He wants to do well. He’s a pleaser. And I think the city of Boston is going to love him, and the Patriot fans are going to love him. That’s just who he is.”
Stay tuned.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices