Filed under:
If the Workhorsemen didn’t have bad luck in AEW, they would have no luck at all. Anthony Henry and JD Drake have been stuck in the revolving door of injuries. It’s not all bad. The silver lining has been exposure to Beef.
The Workhorsemen were supposed to be participants in the AEW tag title tournament back in March. Unfortunately, they were unable to compete after Henry broke his jaw on the indies.
Shortly after Henry returned, adversity struck again. Drake suffered a torn ligament in his foot in their third match back together in ROH.
I'm hurting something fucking awful.My foot went into business for itself really early in the match.  But, there was still work to be done.Thank you @Antnyhenry for having my back always.  F the haters!  Thank you to the real fans for the support!#Workhorsemen
The show goes on, and ROH introduced Beef into the picture as Henry’s second cousin through marriage. Lo and behold, the new team put together a little winning streak with three matches in a row. Henry and Beef worked an odd couple gimmick. Henry’s serious demeanor had trouble meshing with Beef’s eccentric enthusiasm. Henry seemed to be too embarrassed by Beef to have him meet Drake. Or maybe he was just saving his surly partner the trouble.
Henry and Beef didn’t get a chance to go 4-0, because Henry suffered another injury. He recently tore his bicep off the bone in an ROH match against Gabe Kidd for the NJPW Strong Openweight Championship.
Since nobody could really tell where it happened, it was this dive. When I hit the floor to catch myself, my biceps left the bone. pic.twitter.com/mZ63ZtI6rz
Henry underwent successful surgery.
I am doing well as I can be given the circumstances. Life is good. I surround myself with people who love me, but also challenge me to be the best version of myself. Cannot wait to be back in a wrestling ring, and I think it will be sooner than most expect. #workhorsemen pic.twitter.com/UkXfI1AdHm
The timing has to be painful, because, wouldn’t you know, Drake showed up on last night’s episode of Rampage (Oct. 25, 2024). He was there to show support for Beef in a fight against the Beast Mortos.
Before he faces Beast Mortos later tonight, BEEF gets an ally in his corner due to Anthony Henry's injuries.Watch #AEWRampage on TNT!@BEEFTCB | @Antnyhenry | @RealJDDrake | @BeastMortos pic.twitter.com/wQdCf8eqjI
Beef had the deck stacked against him when Rush and Dralistico interfered to help Mortos win. Drake wasn’t much help there, and he was conflicted about saving Beef from a post-match beatdown. He may have been concerned about risking injury to his healing foot. That indecision cost Drake when Rush swooped in from behind to choke him with a cable cord.
LFI gets dangerous when the cable cords are brought into the equation!JD Drake and Beef find that out the hard way!Watch #AEWRampage on TNT!@BeastMortos | @BEEFTCB | @RealJDDrake | @rushtoroblanco | @DRALISTICO_LFI pic.twitter.com/QVpI4Rh8EG
We’ll have to wait for a Workhorsemen return. In the meantime, it should be fun to see Beef with Drake.
Share your thoughts on the injury bug biting Anthony Henry and JD Drake.
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.