Best Places to Work in South Carolina



										Jason Thomas									

//
								December 9, 2024// 
 


Colliers industrial brokers Drake Scott, Dillon Swayngim and Brockton Hall represented the landlord, Parliament, in the lease of ±78,000 square feet of industrial space at 6997 Pelham Road to Infintium Fuel Cell Systems, bringing the building to full occupancy. (Photo/Colliers South Carolina)
Hydrogen power cells manufacturer leases Spartanburg industrial space
Colliers industrial brokers Drake Scott, Dillon Swayngim and Brockton Hall represented the landlord, Parliament, in the lease of ±78,000 square feet of industrial space at 6997 Pelham Road to Infintium Fuel Cell Systems, bringing the building to full occupancy. (Photo/Colliers South Carolina)


						Jason Thomas						
//
						December 9, 2024// 
 


A manufacturer has lease spaced at a Spartanburg industrial facility, making the space fully occupied.
Colliers industrial brokers Drake Scott, Dillon Swayngim and Brockton Hall represented the landlord, Parliament, in the lease of ±78,000 square feet of industrial space at 6997 Pelham Road to Infintium Fuel Cell Systems, bringing the building to full occupancy, according to a news release.
The balance of the ±110,000-square-foot building is occupied by construction and industrial supply company, Southern Carlson, according to t he release.
Infintium is a designer and manufacturer of zero emission hydrogen power cells for material handling industries.
“This success demonstrates the demand for well-positioned industrial properties in the Greenville market,” said Scott in the release. “We’re proud to bring this project to full occupancy, offering quality spaces that meet the standards of the area’s industrial tenants.”
Related: Material supply company leases space at Greenville’s Upstate Trade Center
Related: $12.5M family gift to rename soon-to-open $50M Clemson University alumni center
Located on Pelham Road less than one mile south of Interstate 85, this property provides interstate access and the infrastructure needed for light manufacturing and industrial operations, the release stated.
“The Colliers team delivered as expected on the assignment and we appreciate their efforts. Infintium is a perfect fit for the building, and we are proud to play even a small role in their growth story in the Upstate,” said Sam Hamburger, principal at Parliament, in the release.
Share this!
Blackstream Christie’s opens a Six Mile office to serve luxury real estate buyers near Lakes Keowee, Jocasse[...]
May 2, 2025
South Carolina Treasurer Curtis Loftis will stay in office for now as the House opts not to act on Senate reso[...]
May 1, 2025
Abacus Capital unveils The Yard at Hampton Station, a new outdoor space with putt-putt, picnic seating, and fa[...]
May 1, 2025
BMW Manufacturing celebrates 7 million vehicles built at its Spartanburg plant with a custom ALPINA XB7 and lo[...]
May 1, 2025
Verdae Development unveils Bolden Street District, a 90-acre mixed-use hub in Greenville set to launch in 2026[...]
April 30, 2025
Limestone University will close its campus and online programs after 179 years due to financial struggles and [...]
April 30, 2025
Sign up for your daily digest of GSA Business News.
 Hundreds turn out to see what governor and South Carolina Department of Employment and Wor[...]							
 Blackstream Christie’s opens a Six Mile office to serve luxury real estate buyers near Lakes Keowe[...]										
 South Carolina Treasurer Curtis Loftis will stay in office for now as the House opts not to act on S[...]										
 Abacus Capital unveils The Yard at Hampton Station, a new outdoor space with putt-putt, picnic seati[...]										
 BMW Manufacturing celebrates 7 million vehicles built at its Spartanburg plant with a custom ALPINA [...]										
 Verdae Development unveils Bolden Street District, a 90-acre mixed-use hub in Greenville set to laun[...]										
GSA business is the market leader in business media in South Carolina. We connect you with decision-makers and stakeholders throughout the state.
Get our free e-alerts & breaking news notifications!
Log in for access to the latest digital and special editions.
© 2025 BridgeTower Media. All rights reserved.
Use of this website is subject to its Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Your California Privacy Rights/Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Info/Cookie Policy