Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
A Hull pet hospital could be set for new facilities following the sale of empty council land.
Plans lodged by Pets Dispensary for Sick Animals (PDSA) would see a new purpose-built hospital on land next to existing facilities in Brunswick Avenue. A PDSA spokesperson said their current 38-year-old site could no longer keep up with advances in animal care, causing inefficiencies and operational difficulties.
Hull City Council Regeneration Portfolio Holder Cllr Paul Drake-Davis said it would also help to tackle antisocial behaviour which has plagued the land since the demolition of a derelict shop. The plans would see purpose-built single storey hospital facilities covering 670sqm built on the corner of Brunswick Avenue and Waterloo Street if approved. 
READ MORE:
PDSA expressed interest in the site after deciding that its current facility could no longer keep up with demand. The current site performed around 2,000 surgeries and provided about 14,700 consultations to roughly 7,000 Hull households.
It would be built on the site of the former Waterloo Street shop which was demolished after it became a target for vandalism and arson attacks. The site is now overgrown and continues to attract antisocial behaviour.
PDSA's spokesperson said the plans would create a new attractive site which would improve the area. The spokesperson said: "Our current site is now 38 years old and is no longer compatible with the advances of veterinary medicine, causing operational difficulties and inefficiencies.
 "We are proposing to acquire the site from Hull City Council immediately to the north of the existing site. This, combined with our existing site, will allow us to construct a new, much larger, purpose-built single storey veterinary hospital." 
Cllr Drake-Davis said the plans would help provide more affordable animal care to people in Hull. The portfolio holder said: "The PDSA already does a very good job at its current location on Brunswick Avenue, but this proposed purchase of council land will allow it to further support animal owners. The sale would also help address concerns about anti-social behaviour that have occurred on that land, something which residents and Central ward councillors have raised with the council."