"That's Taylor Lautner and Drake mixed together."

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Drake just can’t escape the jokes. 

Madame Tussauds debuted a new wax figure of the 37-year-old rapper this week, and social media users took turns getting their best jokes off.

	The Toronto superstar’s wax bust, located at the Madame Tussauds in Times Square in New York City, was revealed this past Monday (July 1). It sports a brown fur sweater, grey t-shirt, white Air Force 1s, tie-dyed jeans, a diamond chain, and his braids hairstyle of the last two years while throwing up his signature “OVO” hand symbol. 

	Naturally, Drizzy was added to the music section of the popular attraction and they promoted his floor as a “concert experience” bringing “New Year’s Eve vibes.” His wax figure is located on the same floor as Beyoncé, Megan Thee Stallion, J Balvin, Bad Bunny, and more superstars across genres. 
Step into the ultimate concert experience at Madame Tussauds New York! Our newly revamped Music area brings New Year’s Eve vibes every day. And guess who's here? Drake's brand new wax figure! ?Learn more: https://t.co/0ZOuqdlxd5 pic.twitter.com/lyEmH3CN6P

	While adding Drake to the location is exciting for Madame Tussauds and its attendees, internet users couldn’t pass up the chance to get some laughs in, especially since the figure doesn’t look entirely like the For All The Dogs artist. “That’s Shemar Moore,” one user wrote. 

	“That’s Taylor Lautner and Drake mixed together,” another user wrote with a laughing emoji. One fan believed that he didn’t deserve this distinction, given he lost a rap beef recently to a certain Compton rapper. “Lmao melt it and bring up a Kendrick [Lamar],” they wrote with a gif of K. Dot doing a “come here” hand gesture.

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	In alignment with that rap beef, a few users brought up a jab thrown at the five-time Grammy winner regarding pedophilia. “They forgot to add little girls around him,” one person wrote. “Just make sure to hide your little sister from him!” another person wrote.
that’s shemar moore https://t.co/78cRKYewdf
That’s Taylor Lautner and Drake mixed together ?
Lmao melt it and bring up a Kendrick pic.twitter.com/lnDYorafjX

	Despite the jokes, Drake continues to push forward with new music. This past Friday, he joined Camila Cabello on “Hot Uptown” and “Uuugly” from her latest album C, XOXO. The former is a pop-reggaeton hybrid record about missing a lover and trying to patch things up. “I’m tryna hang onto you this time, you/ Trying my patience/ Trying somethin’ else might even work in your favor/ Trying to forget me doesn’t work when he’s basic/ Trying one more time ’cause we look so good on paper/ Trying me,” he sings in his verse. 

	“Uuugly” is a solo effort from the father of one and leans into his pensive ballad sound for an interlude just under two minutes. “There’s not a measurin’ tape long enough that could measure the distance that I went for you/ Please don’t make me, please don’t make me/ Don’t make me pull out these credit card statements and show you the proof/ It’ll get ugly, uh, ugly/ This heart was broken a long time ago/ My blood, it pumps from my hungover liver, then straight to my bones/ Taught you everything you know,” he croons. 

	There were some eyebrows raised when he promised “summer vibes” and first unleashed his verse on Sexyy Red’s “U My Everything” and his feature on Snowd4y’s “Wah Gwan Delilah,” but it seems like the time has come. Listen to “Hot Uptown” and “Uuugly” below. 

	










	T
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.