Manage your account
SHREVEPORT, La. (KTAL/KMSS) — After spending the last five seasons playing 4A football, the Evangel Eagles are back in 5A District One and they have a new leader on offense.
“It’s where you want to play, 5A,” said head coach Denny Duron.
 Airline loaded with talent and experience 
The Evangel Eagles got an influx of talent in the offseason and they’re going to need it. Not only are the Eagles moving into 5A District one, one of the deepest districts in the state, but they open the season with Neville and play defending state runner up Lafayette Christian.
“Coming back to 5A you can’t just have a little weak schedule, it would be too easy,” said sophomore quarterback Peyton (Pop) Houston. “The thing we strive for is perfection and we don’t want anything given to us. We’re just going to go out there and play the best competition we can.”
“Us moving to the 5A district and having a tough schedule just lets us know that once we get to the playoffs it’s not going to be no type of jokes in games,” said running back Damari (DayDay) Drake. “We just need to take what we have now cherish it and just do our best.”
 Preseason Blitz: Two-way players; Williams keys to Parkway success 
The Evangel program is known to never back down from a big game, they’re also known as a bit of a quarterback factory, and they have another one.
Peyton Houston transferred in from Calvary last season and as a sophomore already has offers from several power 4 programs. He’s getting big praise from his head coach.
“Pop does everything well,” said Duron. “People ask me all the time is he really that good, and we’ve seen some good quarterbacks around here. My response to them is he’s everything you hear and a bag of chips. He absolutely checks every box.”
“It’s amazing to believe my coach has that confidence in me and it gives me confidence to go out there and prove him right,” said Houston.
“He’s good running out of the pocket, throwing it, staying in the pocket, handing it off, he’s a great leader, great kid who does everything correct,” said Drake.
THE LATEST — High School Football News
While Houston and a lot of the Eagles talent is young, they’re not lacking in confidence.
“Each and very week be the best we can be, if we do that we’ll win every game,” said Houston. “You’ll probably see us in the state championship this year for sure.”
Evangel opens the season on Friday, September 6th when they play host Neville at 7 p.m.
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to KTALnews.com.