Posty is returning to Boston this summer for the Big Ass Stadium Tour! Post Malone will be at Gillette Stadium on May 31st with Jelly Roll. HOT 96.9 has your ticket in!
Enter to win tickets below:
A winner will be chosen on Monday, May 26th! The winner will be contacted directly by email. Good luck!
A Grammy is regarded as one of the most prestigious awards in music. Or at least it used to be. Hip-hop, which has taken the main stage in coming years still does not get the same respect as other music formats. The Grammys have been called out by artists, more specifically Black artists, for not getting it right, or being relevant.
While the conversation surrounding how the Grammys treats Black artists is not new by any means, it was specifically called out by both Jay-Z and Drake this year. On Sunday night, Jay-Z took the stage for his acceptance of the Dr. Dre Global Impact Award. From the stage, he discussed his feelings the Grammys' biases. He brought to light the fact that his wife Beyoncé -- who holds the most Grammys of any artist with 32 -- has never won Album Of The Year.
"I don't want to embarrass this young lady. But she has more Grammys than anyone and has never won Album of the Year," Jay said. "So even by your own metrics, it doesn't work."
Drake was not present at the award show, as he was on his  It's All A Blur: Big As The What? Tour . He was up for four awards with 21 Savage for their joint project Her Loss. Although, it did not stop the rapper for sharing hie feelings about how he felt towards the Recording Academy.
"All you incredible artists remember this show isn't the facts it's just the opinion of a group of people who's name are kept a secret (literally you can google in)," he captioned a video of himself giving a speech at a previous Grammy Awards on his Instagram Story Sunday (Feb. 5). "Congrats to anybody winning anything for hip-hop but this show doesn't dictate s--- in our world."
For hip-hop this year, Killer Mike racked up three Grammys. The rapper won Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance for "Scientists and Engineers." The song featuring André 3000, Future, and Eryn Allen Kane. He also won Best Rap Album for Michael. Lil Durk and J. Cole also took home a Grammy for Best Melodic Rap Performance for "All My Life."
Take a look at seven rappers who have never won a Grammy below:
Snoop Dogg is a rap legend, and having zero Grammys under his belt does not sit right with us. Snoop has been nominated 16 times for the award. He's gotten nominations for his hits such as "Nuthin' But A 'G' Thang," "Gin And Juice," "Still D.R.E." and more. The California native admitted that his "Gin And Juice," loss was upsetting but Queen Latifah cheered him up. "She won and I was hurt, but she was like, ‘N----, I love ‘Gin and Juice.’ That’s my favorite s---.’ So then I got unhurt fast," he said in his audiobook <em>From The Streets To The Suites</em>.
There's no debate that what Nicki Minaj has done for female rap and hip-hop in general. she's an icon. However, the Queens native has never won a Grammy. Her hits such as "Moment 4 Life," "Bang Bang," and "Anaconda" have earned Grammy nominations. She has been nominated 12 times so far in her career most recently at the 2024 Grammys. She was nominated for Best Rap Song ("Barbie World") and Best Song Written For Visual Media ("Barbie World").
When you think of hip-hop greats, Tupac is at top of mind. He was killed at the age of 25, but his influence is still felt on the genre today.   It's hard to believe that he never won a Grammy. He was nominated five times before his death in 1996 and was nominated for one posthumously. His last Grammy nomination was in 2000 for "Changes."
Just like Tupac, Biggie is another hip-hop icon who has failed to earn a Grammy win. The New York native had one Grammy nomination before he was killed in 1997 and three posthumously in 1998. His hit such as "Big Poppa," "Hypnotize," and "Mo Money Mo Problems," have earned nominations but never a golden gramaphone. His last set of nominations was for the 40th Annual Grammy Awards including a Best Rap Album nod for <em>Life After Death</em>.
Travis Scott has had three consecutive No. 1 albums but still has never had a Grammy win. Additionally, several career hits such as "Sicko Mode," and "Highest In The Room," have been nominated for Grammys. He was nominated for a Grammy 10 times in his career. His latest nomination was for Best Rap Album for <em>Utopia</em> at the 2024 Grammy Awards. Killer Mike's <em>Michael</em> ended up taking the trophy home.
Post Malone has been in hip-hop since 2011 but came into the mainstream in 2015 with his debut single "White Iverson." The rapper has collaborated with Travis Scott, Quavo, 21 Savage, Doja Cat, and more. Despite having four No. 1's and 11 Top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot 100, he has never won a Grammy. He has been nominated 10 times. His last nomination was in 2023 for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for his song "I Like You (A Happier Song)."
"Aston Martin Music" has no Grammy. Yup, let that sink in. Rick Ross has been nominated for a Grammy nine times and has no wins. He was first nominated for a Grammy in 2011 for his guest appearance on "I'm On One" with DJ Khaled, Drake, and Lil Wayne.  It was nominated for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration. His last Grammy nomination was for DJ Khaled's "God Did" in 2023 which was nominated for Best Rap Song, Best Rap Performance, and Song Of The Year.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!