By LILLIAN GISSEN FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:25, 22 March 2024   |  Updated:  20:28, 22 March 2024   
 18
View  comments
Former Nickelodeon stars Katrina Johnson and Leon Frierson have responded to Dan Schneider's apology after an explosive docuseries saw members of both cast and crew accuse him of creating a 'toxic environment.'
Earlier this week, the ex Nickelodeon producer, 58 - who helped create some of the network's most popular shows like All That, Drake & Josh, Henry Danger, Kenan & Kel, Sam & Cat, The Amanda Show, Victorious, Zoey 101, and iCarly - said he owed 'some people a pretty strong apology' following the shocking allegations made against him in ID's documentary Quiet On Set: The Dark Side Of Kids TV.
But now, Leon Frierson, who appeared on the comedy sketch series All That from seasons four to six, and Katrina Johnson, who was on the show for its first three seasons, have weighed in on Dan's response.
During a chat with NewsNation's Dan Abrams Live, Leon, now 37, said that while Dan's apology was 'a step in the right direction,' he believed it shouldn't have taken an 'exposé' for him to admit his wrongdoing.
Former Nickelodeon stars Katrina Johnson and Leon Frierson have responded to Dan Schneider's apology following ID's explosive new docuseries
Earlier this week, the ex Nickelodeon producer, 58 said he owed 'some people a pretty strong apology' following the shocking allegations made against him in ID's documentary
But now, Leon Frierson, who appeared on All That from seasons four to six, and Katrina Johnson (seen with Dan), who was on it for its first three seasons, have weighed in on his response
'I think it's positive. It is a step in the right direction. But of course, the timing is incredible,' the actor and comedian, who was only 11 years old when he first joined the cast of All That, said.
'It took this documentary to come out, a huge exposé, for us to get that acknowledgement that we were looking for.'
The star added that he has decided to 'meet his apology with grace' - but he understood that 'for some people' it was 'a little too late.'
'I'm not here to judge someone for eternity,' he continued. 'There's a little bit of a blame game going on here. 
'[The network] was approving the content, and he was just putting out there what people wanted to see. 
'But of course, we would have liked to see this [apology] happen well before the documentary. 
'We've heard whistleblowers for years - but nevertheless, better late than never.' 
While reflecting on the docuseries, Leon called it 'extremely polarizing' since he didn't want to ruin the work that he and many other stars did on the network when they were younger.
While reflecting on the docuseries, Leon (seen in All That as a kid) called it 'extremely polarizing' since he didn't want to ruin the work that he did on the network as a kid star
'While we still want to be able to celebrate what we did as young actors, it's important that we shed light on some of the horrific moments that took place,' he explained. He's seen in 1999
Katrina, now 41, who joined the comedy sketch series when she was only 10 years old, said that she herself had a 'positive experience' with Dan
'We brought so much light to your childhood, and while we still want to be able to celebrate what we did as young actors, it is important that we also shed light on some of the horrific moments that took place,' he explained.
'It's hard right now because we're just trying to figure out what the pulse is and how we move forward from here.'
Katrina, now 41, who joined the comedy sketch series when she was only 10 years old, said that she herself had a 'positive experience' with Dan.
'We worked together rather closely - he was my mentor. He was the one who hired me,' she said.
'We created quite a few scenes together, we created a bunch of characters together, we worked together on screen and off-camera. 
'I actually had a great experience with him, but that doesn't, of course, discount anyone else's experience. 
'I see how it could all have happened. I just personally didn't experience any of that. 
'My parents were very, very, very close [to me] and they were around all the time, so I was probably sheltered from anything bad.'
While some stars have said that they felt like they were 'sexually exploited' during their time on Nickelodeon, Katrina added that she had 'the opposite experience' because the network wanted to portray her as a 'little girl.' 
'They wanted me to be the baby so they wanted me to stay young and little and cute and not mature,' she insisted. 
'He was my mentor,' she said. 'We created quite a few scenes together. I actually had a great experience with him, but that doesn't, of course, discount anyone else's experience'
While some stars have said that they felt like they were 'sexually exploited' during their time on Nick, Katrina (seen in All That) added that she had 'the opposite experience' 
'So I did not have that experience. I had the opposite. I was always playing younger, little [kids]. 
'After I went through puberty, they wanted to keep me looking like a kid, so they ended up duct taping my boobs down with an ace bandage... 
'I even played an old man, the opposite of a sexy young woman.'
In a statement to DailyMail.com after the docuseries was released last week, Nickelodeon said it had 'adopted numerous safeguards over the years to help ensure it is living up to its own high standards and the expectations of its audience.'
'We are dismayed and saddened to learn of the trauma he has endured, and we commend and support the strength required to come forward,' the network added.
Leon told NewsNation that while it's 'important' that they're working on 'preventing future abuse,' they should have done more to protect the stars a long time ago. 
'You would think that as a network of their size, those kinds of strongholds would already have been in place,' he said.
'But here they are acknowledging what took place and hopefully taking a step in the right direction.
'And that's a big part of what I wanted, why I wanted to be involved - to make sure that the current class of Nickelodeon and future child stars have these types of protections moving forward, and we don't have to continue to have these documentaries in the future.'
In Quiet On Set, many former Nickelodeon stars spoke out about the harmful experiences that they endured while working on the network.
The docuseries described Nickelodeon in the early 2000s as an 'insidious environment rife with allegations of abuse, sexism, racism and inappropriate dynamics with its underage stars and crew.' 
Leon told NewsNation that while it's 'important' that they're working on 'preventing future abuse,' they should have done more to protect the stars long a long time ago
In Quiet On Set, many former Nickelodeon stars spoke out about their harmful experiences that they endured while working on the network. Dan is seen with Ariana Grande 
In it, Nickelodeon 'golden boy' Dan was accused of 'degrading' staff by The Amanda Show writers Christy Stratton (seen) and Jenny Kilgen 
In it, Nickelodeon 'golden boy' Dan was accused of 'degrading' staff by The Amanda Show writers Christy Stratton and Jenny Kilgen.
Christy claimed he would turn 'volatile' at 'any moment' and recalled being 'scared, paranoid, and uncomfortable' on set.
'Working for Dan was like being in an abusive relationship,' she stated. 
Jenny even claimed that he would 'show pornography on his computer screen' and 'asked her several times to massage him in the writers room.'
'You always felt like disagreeing with Dan or standing up for yourself could result in getting fired,' she added. 
Dan departed from the network in 2018 amid numerous allegations of misconduct 
'One of the worst [times was], we were in the writers' room and Christy was talking about high school which is relevant because we are writing for a young girl.
'And Dan just said: "You know what would be funny? If you leaned over the table and acted like you were being sodomized and told that story about high school."'
Jenny said that Christy had initially said no but Dan kept insisting and 'she couldn't get out of it.'
'So she just leaned over the table and did what he asked her to do. It was upsetting to watch,' she added.
'It was probably the wrongest thing I have ever seen happen to a woman in a professional environment ever.' 
Dan departed from the network in 2018 amid numerous allegations of misconduct. 
At the time, Nickelodeon said it had performed an internal investigation and found that evidence to back up the allegations was 'non-existent.' 
Other shocking revelations made throughout the docuseries included that production assistant Jason Handy had harbored an 'enormous trove of child pornography' and that the network had hired a registered sex offender in 2005.
Drake Bell also came forward in the documentary to share that he was sexually abused as a teenager by Nickelodeon dialogue coach Brian Peck. 
In a video shared to his YouTube channel earlier this week, Dan responded to the onslaught of allegations, and he admitted that 'regretted' his past actions.
'Watching over the past two nights, facing my past behaviors - some of which are embarrassing and that I regret - was very difficult,' he began. 'I definitely owe some people a pretty strong apology.'
Addressing the widespread reports of inappropriate behavior in the writers' room, Dan said: 'Let me just say no writer should ever feel uncomfortable in any writers' room. Ever. Period. The End. No excuses. 
In a video shared to his YouTube channel earlier this week, Dan responded to the onslaught of allegations, and he admitted that 'regretted' his past actions
Drake Bell also came forward in the documentary to share that he was sexually abused as a teenager by Nickelodeon dialogue coach Brian Peck 
'Most TV writers comedy writers have been in writer rooms and they are aware that a lot of times there are inappropriate jokes made and inappropriate topics come up. 
'But the fact that I participated in that, especially when I was leading the room, embarrasses me. I shouldn't have done it.
'In the writers' room there's no doubt that sometimes those jokes went beyond the pale and I said things that went too far or made practical jokes that went too far. 
'That was wrong and that was because I was an inexperienced producer. I was immature - it wouldn't happen today but I'm just really sorry it happened.' 
He also apologized for his frequent requests for massages from female members of staff while in the studio during the 19-minute video.
'It was wrong. It was wrong that I ever put anyone in that position. It was wrong to do,' he stated.
'I'd never do it today. I'm embarrassed that I did it then. I apologize to anybody that I ever put in that situation.'
Dan concluded, 'I hate that anybody worked for me and didn't have a good time... I would let the pressure of doing 40 or even more episodes per year get to me - which a good boss should never, ever do.
'I would snap at people sometimes, I would be snarky when I could have given them a nicer answer.
'I would not give people the time that they needed, I would be in too big a hurry to get on to the next thing I had to do.
'Watching [Quiet On Set], there were so many times I wanted to pick up a phone and call some of those people and say, "I'm so sorry and let's talk about it and I wish you had a better time and I wish I could have shown you a better experience."'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group