Drake fans (if there’s any still out there) you might be excited to learn that he is entering a new phase in his life, moving past his beef with Kendrick Lamar and embracing "summer vibes." (It’s safe to say that he lost that battle so I’m sure he’s ready to move on.)
Drake’s latest and perhaps most significant decision is purchasing a whopping $15 million ranch in Washington County, Texas. The Toronto rapper announced the purchase in May and finally unveiled his new home on Instagram on June 12th.
In true Drake style, he took an Instagram photoshoot that allows fans to get an inside look at the Inn at Dos Brisas, where Drake shared photos of himself around the ranch.
The photos feature his horses, their stables, and Drake himself looking pensive inside his vehicle.
His caption reads, "wick 'em," which references his 2023 song "Wick Man," which takes subtle jabs at other rappers and mentions various international locations.
The 313-acre Inn at Dos Brisas property was once  an iconic resort that offered a country refuge for city slickers from Austin or Houston.
The 313-acre ranch features a Mediterranean-style main house plus several haciendas and casitas.
There’s also an equestrian center with a spacious indoor arena, along with an organic farm, a greenhouse, a sports court, and a restaurant sporting a 7,000-bottle wine cellar. (How can I get one of those?!)
In September 2023, he posted a video announcing his plans to buy property, adopting a Texas accent for a bit.
"Me and my partner, we're gone country y'all. We said we were gonna do it for a lot of years and we’re doing it today. The sale is made. We gotta drop a new one for this. If you see your girl at the 'Lover Boy Lane,' it’s over."
'Lover Boy Lane' refers to his album Certified Lover Boy, which includes the track "TSU" (Texas State University)
Texas has always held a special place in Drake's heart. His breakout hit "Houstatlantavegas" and tracks like "November 18th" and "9 AM In Dallas" pay homage to the state.
Gallery Credit: Courtesy: James Pharaon Creative