New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)AP
Drake Maye showed promise in his first NFL start despite two interceptions and the Patriots getting blown out at home in Week 6. The rookie quarterback drew high praise from Houston after the 41-21 loss, and even caught the attention of a Texans legend.
“If I’m a Patriots fan and I’m watching (Sunday’s) game, yes, you lost and you gave up a bunch of points. But I’m encouraged by the way Drake Maye played,” J.J. Watt said after the game on CBS. “I’m definitely encouraged going forward that he is a guy that I can get excited about.”
Maye took over for Jacoby Brissett after New England began the season 1-4. The quarterback position is just one of many issues the Patriots have, but Maye’s 243 yards was the most a QB has thrown against a tough Texans defense this season. And while the 2024 No. 3 overall pick made mistakes, coach Jerod Mayo said the Patriots didn’t do enough as a team to support him.
“I was pleasantly surprised by what I saw from him. I think the level of athleticism that he provided to that football team, making the guys around him better, also throwing the football down the field, which is an area they had struggled coming into this game,” former NFL quarterback Matt Ryan said. “Good on Drake Maye. He came out there and performed really well.”
Despite the 20-point loss, Maye still threw for three touchdowns and added 38 yards on five carries.
The 1-5 Patriots now shift their focus to the Jacksonville Jaguars as Maye seeks out his first NFL win in New England’s Week 7 matchup against the Jags in London.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices