UC President Michael Drake created the Presidential Task Force on Instructional Modalities and UC Quality Undergraduate Degree Programs in February to identify resources necessary to support online degree programs
At the University of California Board of Regents Academic and Student Affairs Committee’s Wednesday meeting, a task force on instructional modalities suggested the implementation of “fully online undergraduate degree pilot programs,” potentially beginning with impacted majors.
The task force, also called the Presidential Task Force on Instructional Modalities and UC Quality Undergraduate Degree Programs, was created by UC President Michael Drake in February to identify resources necessary to support online degree programs. The report included several other recommendations, including investment in data-driven analyses of online and in-person degree programs and the creation of a “successor” task force to build upon the first one.
The task force’s update comes as the latest in the university’s consideration of potentially adding system-wide online undergraduate degrees.
During the meeting, the regents also discussed updates on the regents’ Innovation & Entrepreneurship Report and efforts to revise the university’s conflict of interest policy.
Drawing a contrast with some existing programs, task force co-chair Steven Cheung emphasized integrating UC online degree programs with in-person degree programs, with no differences in quality, faculty or admissions standards between the modes of instruction.
“While some institutions purposely mark the online degree for distinction from the in-person degree, the university has no interest in creating a two-class system of students,” Cheung said. “Such markings can signal to students and prospective employers (a) reduced value of the online degree, justified or unjustified.”
Additionally, Cheung presented the provision of equitable access to university programs, facilities and resources for students obtaining both online and in-person degrees as another fundamental principle motivating the task force’s work. According to these principles, students enrolled in online degree programs would also be able to transfer into in-person programs if space availability allowed, Cheung added.
UC provost and executive vice president of academic affairs Katherine Newman noted at the meeting that it would be necessary to consider the implications of balancing faculty capacity with university growth.
“We’re not going to overwhelm our faculty with more students than they can provide a first-class education for, but we wanted to make sure that students who were in fully online programs understand that they have the same rights and privileges as any other student — to move into another major if they so desire and (that) there’s space for them,” Newman said.
Other concerns raised during the meeting included addressing disparities in access to technology, especially among low-income and underrepresented students, and obtaining and distributing funding and other resources.
To this end, Newman pushed back on potential assumptions that online degree programs would be of lower quality or reduced value compared to in-person ones.
“The notion that modality equals quality — this is not the thesis here,” Newman said. “The thesis here is that quality is something we must attend to no matter what the modality.”
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: