Penn State defensive end Chop Robinson (44) forces a fumble by Rutgers quarterback Gavin Wimsatt (2) during the second half of an NCAA college football game, Saturday, Nov. 18, 2023, in State College, Pa. (AP Photo/Barry Reeger)AP
ALLEN PARK -- The NFL’s annual combine is always a valuable learning experience ahead of the draft. After covering the Detroit Lions and their run to the NFC title game, the week in Indianapolis was more educational than ever.
With free agency on the horizon, there is more to change, but let’s get into it with Ben Raven’s second mock draft of the year:
1. Chicago Bears (via Carolina Panthers) -- USC QB Caleb Williams
Justin Fields is a quarterback who deserves more time to hit his full potential. Fields showed more flashes with a better offensive line and weapons around him. But it’s just the combination of restarting the quarterback contract clock with a special talent like Caleb Williams. It’s too much to overcome for Fields, with his time in Chicago likely done.
Williams didn’t do much at the combine because he didn’t have to. He’s the top quarterback in this class, and Williams makes it easier to unload Fields and look to the future, again.
2. Washington Commanders -- North Carolina QB Drake Maye
Drake Maye combines special skill with a gunslinger mentality. And with that arm strength and aggressiveness? He’s a fit for an NFL team trying to climb out of hell like the Commanders. Maye is going to take time. But he’s going to deliver some highlight plays with those rookie mistakes and over-aggressive decisions. He remains my QB2 and the answer in Washington.
3. New England Patriots -- LSU QB Jayden Daniels
Jayden Daniels is the safer option at QB3. And that’s coming from someone who has been on J.J. McCarthy as a first-round quarterback since the get.
Daniels is an experienced starter through multiple systems. He’s built for the next level, too. And Daniels is someone who has continued to improve and get better in different ways, which is always hard to overlook. This year’s Heisman winner led an all-time explosive attack at LSU this past season, adding more than 1,000 rushing yards with 10 scores on the ground to boot.
4. Arizona Cardinals -- Ohio State WR Marvin Harrison Jr.
Marvin Harrison Jr. is staying in my top-five picks. That’s not going to change, whether in this mock or the next one from this beat writer. Spoiler alert. He’s a special talent who will make the Patriots think long and hard at Pick 3. Instead, Kyler Murray gets another chance to re-cement himself as a no-doubt franchise savior.
5. Los Angeles Chargers -- Notre Dame OT Joe Alt
Jim Harbaugh is taking an offensive lineman or Georgia tight end Brock Bowers. I can’t escape that belief. Olumuyiwa Fashanu was my pick at this spot in mock draft 1.0. We’re sticking at the position but moving Joe Alt to OT1 after spending the week in Indianapolis. Alt is massive. He comes from a pro-style system and traditional power. It’s easy to think he has more room to grow, and pairing the smooth monster with Rashawn Slater is a gift for Justin Herbert.
6. New York Giants -- LSU WR Malik Nabers
Thanks to last year’s extension, Daniel Jones will spend at least another season under center. While the Giants need to improve their offensive line and could be losing Saquon Barkley, they also need playmakers. Malik Nabers is that, and then some. He is quite the top-flight prospect as WR2 in this year’s draft. In 2023, Nabers topped 1,500 yards and caught 15 touchdowns.
7. Tennessee Titans -- Penn State OT Olumuyiwa Fashanu
Olumuyiwa Fashanu was my OT1 in my first mock. And while he’s dropping in the second go-round, it is a short wait. Fashanu didn’t allow a single sack over more than 700 pass-blocking snaps. He’s built. He needs some refinement. But, whew, it’s easy to see a trench star here.
8. Atlanta Falcons -- Michigan QB J.J. McCarthy
Just like that, this pick feels like less of a hot take. J.J. McCarthy was Pick 8 in my first mock draft, and that’s where he’s sticking two weeks later. The Falcons have Drake London, Kyle Pitts and Bijan Robinson in the fold, with a glaring hole at quarterback. Desmond Ridder, a previous draft favorite of yours truly, hasn’t been -- and doesn’t appear to be -- the answer in Atlanta.
McCarthy is a high-upside pick who brings a wealth of experience from playing on the game’s biggest stages. He always looked like someone with more to offer from the quarterback position while operating Michigan’s run-heavy offense. McCarthy feels like he has the “it factor,” and it’s tough to overlook his smooth control under center. The quarterback needs time to adjust, but it’s tough to picture a better situation for him than the one in Atlanta.
9. Chicago Bears -- Georgia TE Brock Bowers
Brock Bowers is a top-five talent. And don’t get lost in that position label because he’s someone who brings something different to any team’s pass-catching corps. Bowers has been considered a blue-chipper for so long now that people forget how special he’s been. Pairing him with Cole Kmet and D.J. Moore forms a versatile pass-catching trio that makes life easier for either a rookie or Justin Fields back in Chicago. The Bears would be wise to add another receiver later in the draft. But Bowers is so much more than a traditional tight end with his ability in the slot and big-play chops from all over the field. He’s a safe, high-upside pick, and I like him more than Washington wideout Rome Odunze at this spot and for this franchise.
10. New York Jets -- Oregon State OT Taliese Fuaga
Taliese Fuaga is one of those players who slapped me across the face at the combine (not literally), forcing me to dive deeper into his game and what he could bring. He’s touted as the draft’s top run-blocking prospect, with the classic tackle vs. guard discussion currently taking place. Wherever Fuaga plays from, he brings a refrigerator-sized frame (6-foot-6, 334 pounds) and impressive athleticism to go with his style. He allowed no sacks on 1,500-plus pass-blocking reps for the Beavers. You’re welcome, Aaron Rodgers.
11. Minnesota Vikings -- Alabama EDGE Dallas Turner
There are four first-round quarterbacks in this class, and the gap between QB1/2 and QB3/4 is wide. Although the gap between QB3/4 and QB5/6 is even wider, meaning Bo Nix or Michael Penix will not be forced in this mock.
Dallas Turner was my pick in 1.0 for the Vikings. And the idea of what he could bring to Brian Flores’ blitz-happy defense keeps him here in 2.0. Turner scored a 9.49 Relative Athletic Score, establishing himself in my top 15.
12. Denver Broncos -- Toledo CB Quinyon Mitchell
Iowa cornerback Cooper DeJean was here a couple of weeks ago. While DeJean would be a fine pick, I’m all in on Quinyon Mitchell as this year’s CB1. With his proven ball skills and impressive demeanor, there isn’t another option in my mind. Mitchell is the real deal.
Related: Toledo star continues to prove he belongs among ‘big dogs’ on quest to be CB1
13. Las Vegas Raiders -- Illinois DL Jer’Zhan “Johnny” Newton
Jer’Zhan “Johnny” Newton remains my top interior defensive line prospect. His fit with edge defenders Maxx Crosby and Tyree Wilson is how you turn a team’s strength into one of the league’s top units. Newton can handle the dirty work. But he’s a pressure-creating monster on the inside, and that fits well in Las Vegas.
Related: Twitchy Illinois DL could boost pass rush but likely in trade-up range for Lions
14. New Orleans Saints -- Washington WR Rome Odunze
The Saints feel like one of those teams with premium needs across the board. And with a new era at wide receiver with Michael Thomas set to hit free agency, they need some new talent on the outside for veteran Derek Carr, who appears to be getting another chance in New Orleans.
Rome Odunze added 15 pounds before this most recent season, then went on to make 92 catches for 1,640 yards and 13 touchdowns. At 6-foot-3 and with those skills, he’s a gift from above outside of the first 10 selections.
15. Indianapolis Colts -- Alabama CB Terrion Arnold
Julian Blackmon and Kenny Moore II are pending free agents, meaning the Colts need defensive back help. Terrion Arnold sticks at Pick 15 after intercepting five passes inside the vaunted SEC. He also added 6.5 tackles for loss, flashing a willingness to come up and get dirty.
16. Seattle Seahawks -- Washington OL Troy Fautanu
Farewell, sweet prince.
Troy Fautanu, my first mock pick for Detroit, was a riser at the combine. He lands at Pick 16 this time around. Fautanu has morphed from one of my favorite fits into one of my favorite prospects in the entire draft. Fautanu might be a Day 1 starter at guard or tackle. And it’s hard to imagine a better situation than landing back with his college offensive line coach (Scott Huff) at the next level.
Related: Washington O-lineman embraces versatility and nastiness, studies Penei Swell
17. Jacksonville Jaguars -- Iowa CB Cooper DeJean
The Jaguars released a pair of starters from their defensive backfield, cornerback Darious Williams and safety Rayshawn Jenkins, the week after the combine. I was already thinking cornerback for them, so that thought remains. Cooper DeJean is getting looks all over the defensive backfield, from corner to nickel and safety.
DeJean’s year ended with a broken leg, but any time a prospect can avoid ligaments or tears is usually good for their stock. He was still named the Big Ten’s top defensive back and returner. DeJean allowed a 37.8 passer rating when targeted, with only one catch going for more than 15 yards with him in coverage.
18. Cincinnati Bengals -- Missouri DL Darius Robinson
I love to see colleague Kyle Meinke mocking Darius Robinson to the Lions. He’s a great prospect and fit, bringing Aaron Glenn’s beloved inside-outside versatility to the defensive line. I’m even higher on Robinson after last week. And here he is, bumping Texas interior defender Byron Murphy II down the order in a notable shift from my 1.0 to 2.0 projections.
The five-year player saved his best for last at Missouri. Robinson notched 14 tackles for loss and 8.5 sacks, all career-best marks by a country mile. The Michigan native had a 17% pass-rush win rate and an 8% run-stop rate as one of the top inside-outside prospects in this pool.
19. Los Angeles Rams -- Georgia OL Amarius Mims
Amarius Mims is a living monster among us. In Indianapolis, he measured 6-foot-7 and weighed 340 pounds. He then posted strong testing with great speed and decent explosion. Mims only has a little college tape. But throw on any of his work, and you’ll see a dominant young tackle built to handle it all. Mims might be making his way even further up the board.
20. Pittsburgh Steelers -- Oregon OL Jackson Powers-Johnson
The Steelers need to ditch conventional wisdom and tradition to make an aggressive play at Justin Fields. Kenny Pickett is as much of an answer for the Steelers as Desmond Ridder is in Atlanta. Rip the band-aid off and move on under center.
In the meantime, if they can grab someone like Jackson Powers-Johnson, then all the better. He moved from guard to center, then didn’t allow a sack, finishing as the top center in the nation. Powers-Johnson was a stud at the Senior Bowl and looks ready to start off the bat.
21. Miami Dolphins -- Alabama OT JC Latham
Another mock, another O-line pick for Miami. JC Latham making it this far paints a picture of how we’re all feeling about this O-line crop. He started at right tackle over the last two years, with 135 snaps at right guard in 2021. Last year, Latham allowed the only two sacks of his career. But he looks like a rising pass blocker, and that’s scary at 6-foot-6, 330-plus pounds.
22. Philadelphia Eagles -- Alabama CB Kool-Aid McKinstry
The headlines surrounding Kool-Aid McKinstry at the combine aren’t the type anyone wants. The talented corner is reportedly dealing with a Jones fracture in his right foot. He’ll hit the field on his Pro Day and then get the issue fixed. The NFL Network reports that he should be ready for training camp. The talent and window of optimism in that report keep him on Day 1.
23. Houston Texans (via Cleveland Browns) -- Texas DL Byron Murphy II
Byron Murphy II falling into the 20s is one of those things that feels likely to change in my final mock draft. He’s also an awesome fit on Houston’s defensive line, along with Will Anderson, who looks like a star on the outside. Murphy sports a near-20% pass-rush win rate with an elite 9.5% run-stop rate.
24. Dallas Cowboys -- LSU WR Brian Thomas Jr.
The Cowboys could look to the offensive line, no doubt. They’ve followed that path for years, and with aging pieces in the trenches, it would be wise to hit that road again. However, Brian Thomas Jr. could be an ideal running mate for CeeDee Lamb. And with Brandin Cooks in Dallas for at least one more season, it’s a desirable spot for a rookie built like Thomas.
25. Green Bay Packers -- Missouri CB Ennis Rakestraw Jr.
Ennis Rakestraw Jr. had himself a rough week in Indy, with brutal on-field testing and an apparent groin injury. He also measured 5-foot-11, 183 pounds, which isn’t a deal breaker. But when paired with those speed times and ho-hum explosion testing, there are more red flags than this time two weeks ago.
That said, there is so much more than just straight-line speed. Rakestraw is a physical corner who was great in coverage while playing in the nation’s toughest conference. If teams feel OK about the play speed, then he’s still a first-round corner in a strong class of them.
26. Tampa Bay Buccaneers -- Florida State EDGE Jared Verse
Jared Verse won 21.8% of his pass rushes, with nine sacks and 12.5 tackles for loss. The powerful edge defender was a main force behind Florida State’s elite defense in 2023.
27. Arizona Cardinals (via Houston Texans) -- Clemson CB Nate Wiggins
Nate Wiggins’s weight of only 173 pounds is enough to send him down the order but not enough to drop him from Day 1. He’s the youngest of the first-round cornerback options. While his frame is less than ideal for the next level, his willingness and elite speed are more than enough to work with, and the Cardinals aren’t in a position to turn around that type of talent level.
28. Buffalo Bills -- UCLA EDGE Laiatu Latu
From medically retired in 2020 to one of the nation’s top trench players, Laiatu Latu had 35 tackles for loss and 23.5 sacks across two years at UCLA. If he checks the boxes in all those meetings and medical evals, then he’s a no-doubt first-rounder at a premium position.
29. Detroit Lions -- Penn State EDGE Chop Robinson
There must be something about being a Detroit Lions beat writer and trying to combat the “sacks aren’t everything narrative.” Of the players left on my board, Penn State pass rusher Chop Robinson is the one who brings a special, rare trait with their game.
Robinson is a lightning bolt off the defensive edges. It’s an elite first step. And not just elite, but elite, elite in that department. There are concerns about his all-around game, sure. But that’s why he’s here at Pick 29. Robinson would provide an immediate spark to the pass rush, and could be one of the steals of the draft when all is said and done. With all of my favorite first-round offensive line and the top cornerback options gone, I’m all in on the Penn State pass rusher. And he’s no consolation prize. Robinson would add a pass rusher with special traits and abilities to a defense in need of another pressure creator and demon off the edge.
He had 17.5 tackles for loss and 9.5 sacks over the last two years at Penn State. Robinson finished as PFF’s sixth-best edge rusher in 2022, then 10th in 2023. He registered a bonkers 20.9% pass-rush win rate, ranking as one of the nation’s premier pass rushers. Robinson is willing against the run, and that’s not nothing. His frame needs a little more meat on the bone to handle that work. But when you can do what he can do on the edge, that’s worth the risk.
Aidan Hutchinson led the Lions with 121 pressures last season. And he was a one-person show. Alim McNeill, who spent a month on injured reserve, was second on the team with 43 pressures. Hutchinson also led the way with 11.5 sacks, more than double of any of his teammates. McNeill was second in sacks, too, with five. That said, they need some help.
Robinson could add a supercharged pass rusher to the rotation. And he’s not some inside-outside defensive lineman. He’s a pass rusher, and that checks a major box around these parts. I’ll try not to nerd out too much. But the Lions have loved moving pieces around, so it’s drool-inducing to imagine a pass-rushing front (for special occasions) of Hutchinson, McNeill, James Houston, and Robinson. Oh, the possibilities galore.
The man known as “Chop” is in a league of his own in terms of speed and explosion. He ran a 4.48-second 40-yard dash, the fastest and freakiest at his position. And his 1.54-second 10-yard split time is something special. Robinson added a 34.5-inch vertical and strong shuttle times on his 6-foot-2, 254-pound frame. There are size issues. But Robinson’s willingness against the run and unteachable traits on the edge lock him in as a first-round prospect.
Related: One of the combine’s biggest freaks once was a 14-pound baby named ‘Pork Chop’
30. Baltimore Ravens -- Michigan CB Mike Sainristil
Sometimes, you need to trust and listen to your gut. Mike Sainristil is a first-round talent. The fit and longstanding history of developing players like this in Baltimore make this an easy fit to imagine for Sainristil.
31. San Francisco 49ers -- Oklahoma OT Tyler Guyton
Tyler Guyton is the perfect prospect to pair with Trent Williams. He’s massive and looks to have shape-bending athleticism, making him a high-upside project tackle.
32. Kansas City Chiefs -- Florida State WR Keon Coleman
Keon Coleman remains the pick to end Round 1. His size and explosion make him a legit red-zone threat, no matter what the 40-yard dash time suggests.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices