AllHipHop
AllHipHop
ATL Jacob claimed Tems refused to clear a sample for Future’s blockbuster hit “WAIT FOR U,” until Drake convinced her to do so.  

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Tems and her manager are accusing ATL Jacob of lying repeatedly after the producer claimed the Nigerian singer-songwriter was reluctant to clear a sample for “WAIT FOR U.” 
The spat began on Thursday (January 18) after the Atlanta-based beatmaker said Tems initially refused to clear a sample of her song “High” used in the hook of Future’s 2002 banger featuring Drake and Tems. 
“Tems wouldn’t clear the song,” ATL Jacob said during an appearance on The Baller Alert Show. He claimed he had to call on Future to get Drake to reach out to Tems and urge her to approve the sample. He also shared his belief that Tems was “irritated” with the song.  
However, Tems’ manager, Muyiwa Awoniyi, hit back against the producer in a post on X. Sharing a clip of the interview, he insisted there was no truth to the claims and accused ATL Jacob of inventing the whole story.  
“Every single word uttered here is untrue,” he wrote. “You even made up scenarios that never happened. It is shocking how someone can be so bold yet so wrong. Highly disappointing , do better.” 
In a follow-up post, ATL Jacob said “I gave my side of the story,” and said the negative reaction was revealing. “Out of all the good s### i said about you  @temsbaby over the years this the only reaction i get?” he added.  
Tems responded to ATL Jacob directly, quoting his post alongside a message of her own  
“I LOVE THIS STORY,’ she replied. “Look at the phrasing. Magnificent.” 
When ATL Jacob offered to wire “Tems and her team” $100,000 to find a single instance of him speaking negatively about her, Tems upped the ante with a counteroffer.  
“Its not about saying anything negative STOP TELLING LIES,” she added. “I’ll give you 1 million.” 
ATL Jacob insisted he was sharing his “opinion” and questioned, “where is the lie about how i felt?” c
Tems reposted Awoniyi’s reply to ATL Jacob detailing his alleged lies.  
“You lied about us not wanting to clear the record,” he said, adding that the producer also lied about Drake having to intervene. “You then lied and said you spoke to Tems saying “No need to thank me” at the Grammys. This is literally recorded in HD. What exactly is wrong with you???” Awoniyi wrote. 
Ultimately it appears Tems and ATL Jacob squashed the issue.  
“It is well,” she wrote a few hours after the exchange began. 
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity