The Daily Trojan’s editors share their current favorite songs this spring semester.
On any given day in STU 402 — the Daily Trojan’s cozy home — you might hear an eclectic mix of Drake, Lil Uzi Vert, soft country music and even smooth jazz. It’s unsurprising that the strange mix of tunes within the newsroom is a common subject of controversy between masthead members. In the spirit of the never-ending musical ambiance in the newsroom, we interviewed six members of Daily Trojan’s masthead to find out what they’re listening to this semester.
“I’m a big advocate for just complete and total chaos,” said Reo, associate managing editor of the Daily Trojan and a sophomore majoring in journalism. “The playlist I was just going through has over 1,600 songs on it. I click shuffle.”
The playlist in question is called “music.” and contains an ever-growing list of songs Reo enjoys that includes Miles Davis and old Grimes. “Purple Rain” by Prince and the Revolution, “Moonage Daydream” by David Bowie and “Late Nights and Heartbreak” by Hannah Williams & The Affirmations are some of Reo’s personal favorites right now.
“Those ones specifically are ones that I’ve added more recently,” Reo said. “Sometimes, I’ll stick to the end of the rotation to keep things new because I can exhaust the newness, and I have to find more new songs. But when I’m moving around in a day — shuffle. Always.”
“Beach Fossils and The 1975 are two artists I’ve probably been listening to the longest, since I was around a sophomore in high school,” said Kate Cho, the editor for the Daily Trojan’s short-form video content and a junior majoring in public relations. Her favorite songs include some jazz, indie and alternative music.
Cho said “Fallout” by Gus Dapperton, Lil Yachty, Joey Bada$$ and Lyrical Lemonade, “I Remember Everything” by Zack Bryan and Kacey Musgraves, and “New Perspective” by Noah Kahan are three of her favorite songs, though she said different songs serve her at different times.
“Sometimes, if I’m just [editing] b-roll, which doesn’t require audio obviously, I love putting on jazz in the background because it’s mindless and it’s something I can’t sing to, so I don’t get too distracted,” Cho said.
“Walking around campus music is, for me at least, it’s more like ’90s grunge type of music — like [The] Smashing Pumpkins, Nirvana,” said Halo Lyman, the Daily Trojan’s chief copy editor and a junior majoring in French as well as comparative literature.” I feel like ’90s grunge — you feel like a bad bitch.”
Lyman said “Range Life” by Pavement serves as a nice song as she walks around campus, one of the few that she’s found in her rotation recently, with “Bluebeard” by Cocteau Twins. She also said she’s enjoying the bluegrass influences in “Spud Infinity” by Big Thief.
“With ‘Spud Infinity,’ it’s just cool because there’s this one instrument that’s used in it,” Lyman said. “[The jaw harp] makes a boingy song [and] it’s really cool, and I don’t really hear it in a lot of popular music. It makes the song kind of whimsical and also draws back to the folk, Appalachia, bluegrass type of thing.”
“I have this playlist — I call it my Joncore playlist — where it goes through all of the music phases I’ve been through over the past four years,” said Jonathan Park, the Daily Trojan’s digital managing editor and a junior majoring in applied and computational mathematics. “Typically, I’m a more indie bedroom pop kind of person. I had my very weird phases in underground rap … And then I had a Coldplay/Radiohead phase.”
Park said his interests in music include R&B and K-pop, but he recently fell into a rabbit hole of early 2000s and 2010s pop — including iconic hits like “Hollaback Girl” by Gwen Stefani, “Rock Your Body” by Justin Timberlake and “Starships” by Nicki Minaj.
“I think all of my music phases started out ironically,” Park said. “I started seeing these NBA TikTok edits. Typically, they’re made with some hard-ass EDM edit or whatever, and then people started twisting that into 2000s pop … And then they started indoctrinating me, and I was like, ‘Okay, now I need to make a Spotify playlist of 2000s pop.’”
“Because of my Dad, [I] listen to a lot of old music and bands — Queen, The Beatles, The Rolling Stones,” said Joshua Sacher, a sports editor and a sophomore majoring in communication. “I also can’t go wrong with the 2010s hits. I’m a big Bruno Mars guy. The only thing I really won’t listen to is smooth jazz — I’m not a big smooth jazz guy. Or really, really deep country. I can’t do that either.” 
Sometimes, Sacher broadcasts his music tastes to the entire newsroom, putting in requests to either Anjali Patel, Daily Trojan’s editor-in-chief, or CJ Haddad, the managing editor. Songs in his rotation, like “Revival” by Zack Bryan and “Thought You Should Know” by Morgan Wallen, sometimes make an appearance.
“Anjali, CJ, they’re always doing a great job DJ-ing in the DT room, so it’s always great music, great energy in here and maybe one day I can rise up the ranks and take over on aux.” 
As managing editor, Haddad is second-in-command of the newspaper and the aux. Her taste includes soft rock and jazz, which passersby can hear muffled through the newsroom’s glass door.    
“I have a weird relationship with music in this office,” Haddad, a junior majoring in public policy. “When I first got here, there was [previously] an editor … [who] would play rap all night long, and it would just fill the room with noise because no one else would really play music. So after he left, I was like, ‘Okay, well, maybe I should do it.’” 
As the steward of the Daily Trojan’s music, “Ventura Highway” by America, “Into the Mystic” by Van Morrison and “Rich Baby Daddy” by Drake are three songs which are familiar to any member of the masthead. To Haddad, this mix of easy-listening genres reminds her of road trip music. 
“I’ve gone through some large life changes,” Haddad said. “In my head, it reminds me more that life is fluid.”
If you want to hear more Daily Trojan music, be sure to apply by the end of today, Friday, Jan. 26.
Correction: A previous version of this story misidentified social editor Kate Cho as a sophomore. Cho is a junior. The Daily Trojan regrets this error.
We are the only independent newspaper here at USC, run at every level by students. That means we aren’t tied down by any other interests but those of readers like you: the students, faculty, staff and South Central residents that together make up the USC community.
Independence is a double-edged sword: We have a unique lens into the University’s actions and policies, and can hold powerful figures accountable when others cannot. But that also means our budget is severely limited. We’re already spread thin as we compensate the writers, photographers, artists, designers and editors whose incredible work you see in our daily paper; as we work to revamp and expand our digital presence, we now have additional staff making podcasts, videos, webpages, our first ever magazine and social media content, who are at risk of being unable to receive the support they deserve.
We are therefore indebted to readers like you, who, by supporting us, help keep our paper daily (we are the only remaining college paper on the West Coast that prints every single weekday), independent, free and widely accessible.
Please consider supporting us. Even $1 goes a long way in supporting our work; if you are able, you can also support us with monthly, or even annual, donations. Thank you.
Career Fair Guide April 2025
Housing Guide 2025
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Google Map Settings:
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them: