Digital Content Producer
The other "TC" at NESN. Hofstra Alum. The history buff of random baseball players of the 2010s.
Four Internal Red Sox First Base Options After Triston Casas Injury
Red Sox Notes: Boston Shows Improved Offensive Identity
Red Sox's Triston Casas Carted Off Field With Leg Injury
Alex Cora Explains Vladimir Guerrero Jr. Decision From Red Sox Loss
Drake Maye is at the center of the preseason as the future franchise quarterback for the New England Patriots. 
His short introduction against the Carolina Panthers came before an improved performance and his first NFL rushing touchdown against the Philadelphia Eagles.
Maye earned his next opportunity for the Patriots on Sunday night for the preseason finale against the Washington Commanders. The rookie took the field for New England's second drive after Jacoby Brissett got the start. 
Maye began his night with the Patriots starting at their own 12-yard line. On third-and-14, the North Carolina product took off with his legs to scramble for 17 yards and a first down. Later on the drive, Maye showed capable poise in the pocket, sliding up from pressure and finding fellow rookie Ja'Lynn Polk for 29 yards. 
Story continues below advertisement
Drake takes off to get the 1st down! 📺: #NEvsWAS on NBC pic.twitter.com/EgRGCobPg9
On another third down chance to convert, Maye stayed patient and floated a pass on a crossing route to Demario Douglas to move the chains. The drive came to a close when Maye found running back Kevin Harris for an 18-yard touchdown for the game's first points. The first-year passer went five-of-six on that drive for 71 yards and the touchdown.
.@DrakeMaye2 ➡️ @kevoharris1 for the games first TD!📺: #NEvsWAS on NBC pic.twitter.com/e64LNCINUg
From there, the New England offense stalled for the next string of drives, including Maye throwing a pass behind Tyquan Thornton on third-and-11. Over the three drives after the touchdown, Maye went four-for-eight for 18 yards. 
Story continues below advertisement
The Patriots ended the half with a final possession with 1:23 remaining. Maye looked for his fellow rookies. He overshot Javon Baker down the left sideline before coming back to zip a ball through a collapsing pocket to the same receiver. He followed with a first down conversion to Polk before sidearm-slinging a would-have-been 48-yard touchdown to K.J. Osborn that was negated by a penalty on Chukwuma Okorafor. 
The offense set up kicker Joey Slye for a 64-yard field goal attempt at the end of the half that missed short and left. New England ended the half with a 7-0 lead and closed the night on Maye's night.
The Patriots rookie finished 13-of-20 through the air for 126 yards with a touchdown and a 99.2 rating. 
Jerod Mayo left the door open for Maye's role in the starting quarterback competition before the game. Now, the Patriots have a decision to make under center before Week 1. 
Story continues below advertisement
Digital Content Producer
The other "TC" at NESN. Hofstra Alum. The history buff of random baseball players of the 2010s.
Featured image via Tommy Gilligan/USA TODAY Sports Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network