e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
It didn’t take long for award-winning comedian and master of ceremonies Johnny Steele to set the tone for Sunday afternoon’s event at the Empress Theatre in Vallejo. Looking to the right side of the stage he said a few words and then brought out a life-size cutout of Richard Freedman — dressed as a cow.
The sold-out audience laughed and cheered as the night began with the display to honor Freedman, who packed as much brightness into his 67 years as a billboard in Times Square.
Freedman, a philanthropic community icon and what his editor called “the heart and soul of the Vallejo Times-Herald for nearly three decades,” died on March 30 after a courageous bout with cancer, with the love of his life and wife of 19 years, Megan Freedman, at his bedside.
On Sunday, the hundreds of comedians and musicians affected by his life came together to put on a tribute show at the Empress. Some of the comedians featured at the event included Diane Amos, The Pine-Sol Lady, Derrick Leonard, Larry Bubbles Brown and Myles Weber.
Musicians included Peppino D’Agostino, Beatles Tribute band The Sun Kings, Vallejo’s Don Bassey, as well as Jeff Campitelli’s band “Camp Jeff” featuring David Sikes, Jeff Tamelier, Darby Gould and Campitelli. A Blues jam organized by Geoff Drake played during the second half of the evening.
The evening started off with D’Agostino playing “Cinema Paradiso” by Ennio Morricone, followed by “A Felicidade” by Antonio Carlos Jobim. D’Agostino said he felt very emotional playing the songs.
“I just tried to concentrate on the sound and to honor my good friend. But I also had some help,” D’Agostino said, pulling a small squirrel plastic figure out of his pocket. “Richard loved squirrels so with this I felt a part of him was up there with me.”
The musician also said there was a specific reason he chose the two opening songs.
“He always pushed me to be brave and to not be a coward,” D’Agostino said. “I wanted to play something challenging, and I thought Richard would have loved those songs because of that. Yes, it’s very healing to play beautiful music and it’s helped me. I miss his sense of humor, his goodness and his goofiness.”
D’Agostino remembers calling his longtime friend on a whim to play some new music for him and Megan at their home.
“It was just a private playing at their home and right before I started to perform Richard leans in and says, ‘You suck’ like a heckler would,” D’Agostino said, with a laugh. “I started playing and when I finished he leaned in and said, ‘Oh, you don’t suck.'”
Funds for Sunday’s show went to help out Freedman’s family — starting with his wife Megan, who watched D’Agostino’s performance from the aisle at the Empress.
“This is a way of mourning and rejoicing a life well lived,” Megan said, through tears. “Everyone is here for him today to show their love and gifts of artistic talents. But I still very much miss him. I miss turning to him and sharing a joke and then glancing at him to see his reaction when he gets it. I miss his word play and how he was so quick-witted and a lot of fun to be around.”
Megan said she wasn’t surprised at how many people showed up to honor Freedman, but instead their reactions since his death.
“What has struck me is how many people have told me since then that he’s motivated them to choose to be better people moving forward,” Megan said.
The show was put together by Campitelli and Gene Pedrotti, owner of Pedrotti Ace Hardware. Pedrotti donated a barbecue to be raffled off.
“He had a spirit and energy that few people find in their life,” Pedrotti said. “People should crown and make him a Saint.
“Saint Richard.”
Pedrotti said when organizing the event, there was a line of musicians and comedians backed up that wanted to honor Richard.
“There just wasn’t enough time to get all of them on stage,” Pedrotti said. “It became a musical chairs situation to get all the musicians to play. People were tripping over themselves with a chance to play.”
A memorial resolution honoring Freedman was presented by Tom Bartee for display near the entrance of the Empress Theatre.
Drake, who organized the blues jam, lost his younger brother in 2018 and said that Richard did a nice story on him when he worked for the Times-Herald.
“He was always giving back to people, so today, we have his back,” Drake said. “This benefit will help his family. He was always there for us, we’re going to be there for him. He was a patron of the acts and a funny son of a bitch. Tonight we want to keep the speeches short and have a lot of love and performances for him. It’s a celebration and acknowledgement of the great life he had.”
Susan MacDonald, who is on the Board of Directors for the Empress Theatre, remembers Freedman’s sense of humor.
“I knew him for over 20 years and he always had this snarky sense of humor,” MacDonald said. “I remember we were putting on this show based off the 1957 film, ‘An Affair to Remember.’ He said, ‘Well we better remember it for those prices.’
“I loved working with him on schemes,” MacDonald continued. “I’d constantly get texts from him on what scheme we should work on next. He put in a lot of time and energy to so many causes. He was always saying, ‘Let’s do this’ for so many people.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group