Quarterback Drake Maye is introduced at Gillette Stadium after being drafted by the New England Patriots.(Nick O'Malley, MassLive)
Though they only became official teammates for the first time on Saturday afternoon, new Patriots rookies Drake Maye and fourth-round wideout Javon Baker already have some history together.
Though most know Maye as a North Carolina quarterback, he’d initially committed to the University of Alabama in 2019 before flipping. Meanwhile, Baker began his career in Tuscaloosa before transferring to UCF. On a video call after New England selected him at No. 110 overall, the wide receiver shared their unknown backstory.
“People don’t know this, but when Drake Maye was committed to ‘Bama at first, we always used to practice and throw it around. So me and Drake Maye got a connection going on,” Baker said. “Drake Maye, is probably, in my opinion, the best quarterback in this draft. So we when we connect again it’s going to be a good connection.”
So what is it that stood out to Baker about Maye in those early throwing sessions?
“Competitive,” Baker said. “Just trying to get the ball  — in whatever spot I asked him to put it at, he’d put it there. So he’ll be just competitive. Competitive quarterback. That’s what I like in a quarterback: Somebody that can push me, and I’ll push him.”
Baker said that Maye texted him right after the Patriots selected him with a simple message: “Congrats and let’s get to work.”
At No. 110 overall, the 6-foot-2, 203-pound Baker was the fifth straight offensive player that Eliot Wolf selected to begin the 2024 NFL Draft. The Patriots opened the draft by selecting Maye, and then picked WR Ja’Lynn Polk in the second round, OT Caedan Wallace in the third, G Layden Robinson in the fourth, and then Baker seven picks after that.
Though he fell to the fourth round, Baker was one of the country’s most explosive wideouts in 2023, averaging 21.9 yards per reception for the Knights while battling some drops, too. He finished the season with 52 catches for 1,139 yards and seven touchdowns and certainly isn’t lacking confidence.
“Come to the home stadium and bring your popcorn,” Baker said. “That’s all I can tell you all. Bring your popcorn — I make people in wheelchairs stand up.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices