Source: Jon Bon Jovi before the induction of Tom Brady into the New England Patriots Hall of Fame on June 12, 2024 at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Massachusetts. (Fred Kfoury III/Icon Sportswire via Getty Images)
Jon Bon Jovi has been receiving praise for his and his team’s efforts in helping a seemingly-distraught woman off a ledge of a bridge in Nashville Tuesday.
The 62-year-old rockstar was filming a music video for his song, The People’s House, on the Seigenthaler Pedestrian Bridge, which overlooks the Cumberland River, according to the Tennessean. During filming, Bon Jovi noticed a woman wearing blue standing on the ledge of the bridge past the railing, who appeared in a distressed state.
Footage of Jon Bon Jovi saving a woman’s life by talking with her and getting her off the edge of committing suicide
Absolutely love this guy & his compassion towards people
My hero not only as a musician, but as a human being
Hope this lady is doing a lot better
If you or… pic.twitter.com/RrDKTfUhe7
— Jerry Braden (@Jerrybraden92) September 11, 2024
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
Footage initially released by the Metro Nashville Police Department depicts the encounter, which took place in under two minutes, show Bon Jovi and a member of his team approach the unidentified woman, appearing to greet and converse with her a few feet away from her. The pair slowly move closer to her, seemingly convincing her to come back over the railing, for which they help her over.
Once she’s back over, Bon Jovi and the woman appear to continue conversing before embracing each other. He and the woman apparently left the bridge together a few minutes after, according to NBC.
The Metro Nashville Police Department and Nashville Fire Department would later respond to the seen after a call from a concerned citizen.
The police acknowledged and celebrated the singer’s efforts in coaxing the woman off the ledge.
A shout out to @jonbonjovi & his team for helping a woman on the Seigenthaler Ped Bridge Tue night. Bon Jovi helped persuade her to come off the ledge over the Cumberland River to safety. “It takes all of us to help keep each other safe,”–Chief John Drake https://t.co/1YejKJ2WgM
— Metro Nashville PD (@MNPDNashville) September 11, 2024
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
“It takes all of us to help keep each other safe,” Police Chief John Drake said.
Bon Jovi’s team has stated he will not comment on the incident.
Prior to the outpouring of praise and support for his heroic actions, the singer has had a reputation for being one of the nicest guys in rock. Bon Jovi is a longtime philanthropist, founding the JBJ Soul Foundation with a mission to “to recognize and maximize the human potential in those affected by hunger, poverty and homelessness by offering assistance in establishing programs that provide food and affordable housing while supporting social services and job training programs.”
His foundation also runs the JBJ Soul Kitchen, a viral restaurant in Red Bank, New Jersey, serving high-quality food with locally-sourced ingredients that encourages diners that can pay to make donations to allow diners who can’t pay the opportunity to eat there. Diners that can’t pay are encouraged to volunteer their time in the kitchen or in the gardens where produce is grown.
He also went viral in 2021 for washing dishes at the restaurant during the COVID-19 pandemic.
The bridge was named after a former Tennessean journalist, John Seigenthaler, who saved a suicidal man off the very same bridge in 1954.
If you or someone you know is in crisis and/or experiencing suicidal thoughts, call the Suicide & Crisis Lifeline by dialing 9-8-8, or by texting “HOME” to 741741.

									20 Rock Covers That are Better Than the Original Song								

									Listen Live								

									Carlos Santana Postpones Show in Sugar Land								

									30 Smallest Towns in Texas								

									Santana Setlist: Oneness Tour 2025								

									Ranking Every Song by REO Speedwagon								

									20 Live Rock Songs That are Better Than the Studio Version								

									Contact Us								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.