We’re here to “slay dragons” and hold power accountable, but we can’t do it alone. By contributing today, you ensure that independent journalism not only survives but thrives in Arkansas. 
Together, we can make a difference—join the fight. Re-subscribe today.
We’re here to “slay dragons” and hold power accountable, but we can’t do it alone. By contributing today, you ensure that independent journalism not only survives but thrives in Arkansas. 
Together, we can make a difference—join the fight. Re-subscribe today.
Not a subscriber yet? Get a full month of unlimited access for just $1. 
Arkansas Times

					Arkansas news, politics, opinion, restaurants, music, movies and art				
A man wanted for multiple homicides in Oklahoma was last seen on foot outside a motel in Morrilton and is believed to be armed and dangerous, according to an Arkansas State Police press release. 
Stacy Lee Drake, 50, has a long history of criminal activity across several states and is currently wanted in connection with three Oklahoma homicides stemming from two carjackings, according to the press release. In addition to the homicides, Drake has felony warrants in multiple jurisdictions for crimes including aggravated robbery, carjacking and murder, according to the release.
State police said that anyone who sees Drake should not approach him and should call 911. The release doesn’t specify when Drake was last seen but includes several pictures of him, a 5’11”, 185-pound white man. Drake’s last known address was in Birmingham, Alabama, according to police.
In a time when critical voices are increasingly silenced, the Arkansas Times stands as a beacon of truth, tirelessly defending the fundamental rights and freedoms within our community. With Arkansas at the epicenter of a sweeping culture war affecting our libraries, schools, and public discourse, our mission to deliver unflinching journalism has never been more vital. We’re here to “slay dragons” and hold power accountable, but we can’t do it alone. By contributing today, you ensure that independent journalism not only survives but thrives in Arkansas. Together, we can make a difference — join the fight.

							Milo Strain is a staff reporter for the Arkansas Times. He can be reached at milostrain@arktimes.com.															
								More by Milo Strain								

Get top news stories, highlights of local entertainment and breaking news in your inbox.
Founded 1974, the Arkansas Times is a lively, opinionated source for news, politics & culture in Arkansas. Our monthly magazine is free at over 500 locations in Central Arkansas.

		Already have an account?		Sign In.
	
$10 per month
$120 per year

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

Privacy Policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.