The two have exchanged a few light jabs in the past through their music. 

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

Latto recently spoke with Billboard where she opened up about the direction of her new music and taking on the new alter-ego: Big Mama. 

	Elsewhere in her Q&A with the publication, she spoke on the monumental rap beef between Drake and Kendrick Lamar, and even revealed if she’d ever engage in a “real rap battle” with Ice Spice. 

	“If I was to do [a battle], it would have to be with somebody I feel like Imma go tit for tat with. I really don’t mean it as shade,” she began. “Would she even want to do that? I feel like she’s doing her in her lane. It’s two different types of vibes. I don’t even think she gives me like, ‘Oh, she wants to engage in an actual rap beef.'”

	She went on, “Everybody gon’ take their lil jabs in the music, and it’s not even that serious to me; I feel like you should do that. Continue to! But as far as actual whole diss records to each other, I don’t think she would even want to do that. I feel like… would it even make sense? It wouldn’t.”

	










	Speaking to Kendrick and Drake’s recent feud on-wax, the 25-year-old said, “I ain’t gonna like: I liked it! I liked the back-and-forth. I thought it was healthy for the culture. It just felt nostalgic. I don’t think our generation has even seen a rivalry like that. I f**ked with it.”

	The “Big Energy” star also spoke on how fans can get too emotional about their favorite rappers, adding, “I also think people get too in it. I feel like it’s two ni**as that’s killing this sh*t, and they both so talented and they both on they high horse flexing their talent and capabilities. They both still that ni**a, they both still the GOAT. That sh*t fye for the culture.”

	Although “Not Like Us” seems to be the country’s favorite diss track at time, Latto vouched for “Family Matters.” 

	“We was leaving from a Mariah the Scientist concert and they said Drake dropped another one. I played that sh*t the whole ride home, and then sitting in front of the house, I’m like, ‘Hold on, just play it again!’ That was the one,” she said.

	Read Latto’s entire interview with Billboard here. 

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.