This image made from video provided by WOIO Channel 19 shows debris flying through the air after a natural gas explosion Tuesday in Youngstown.(WOIO Channel 19 via AP)
A man from western Pennsylvania was killed in an explosion at a Youngstown, Ohio, building on Tuesday.
The Mahoning County Coroner’s Office identified Akil Drake, 27, originally from Pittsburgh as the victim killed in the downtown explosion, according to KDKA and WPXI.
Drake was an employee at the Chase Bank that was located on the first floor of the building and was working there at the time of the incident.
The bank issued the following statement: “The JPMorgan Chase family mourns the loss of our colleague. Our hearts go out to their family as well as our injured employees, their families, and others affected by this tragedy. We will continue to work with local officials to support them.”
A 2015 graduate of Penn Hills High School, the school district also released the following statement on Wednesday:
“Earlier today, the Penn Hills administration learned that one of our former students, Akil Drake, tragically lost his life in an explosion in Youngstown, Ohio. Akil was a 2015 Penn Hills graduate and a student-athlete who excelled on the football field. The Penn Hills School District extends its deepest sympathies to Akil’s family as well as the other individuals impacted by this tragic explosion. Akil will be missed by us all.”
In addition, Younstown State University, where Drake went to college, also issued a statement, saying it was “deeply saddened by the tragic loss of one of our alumni during the explosion in downtown yesterday.”
“Our thoughts and prayers are with Akil’s family and loved ones during this incredibly difficult time. We also extend our heartfelt condolences to those who were injured and their families, as well as to all those affected by this incident,” the statement said.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices