Updated July 30, 12:57 - The Larimer County Sheriff’s Office has ordered additional evacuations due to the Alexander Mountain Fire burning near Loveland. Around noon today residents near Masonville and on Glade Road from US 34 to Indian Creek were told to evacuate immediately. All previous mandatory evacuation orders for the area are still in place.The Sheriff’s Office has also told residents of Hidden Valley east of Devil's Backbone including Ridge Parkway and Spring Glade Road to the north to be prepared to evacuate. Incident Command Mike Smith says resources are strapped because of a number of big fires in the West. Fire managers have ordered a Complex Incident Management Team for assistance. See a more recent evacuation map here. 
Latest perimeter map from the #AlexanderMountainFire this morning. pic.twitter.com/7agxHKkKDa
Updated at 11:56 a.m. - Incident Commander Mike Smith with the Arapaho & Roosevelt National Forests provided an update a short time ago. Here are the most important points:
A Complex Incident Management Team has been ordered. They'll take command of the fire and bring in a lot more people and equipment than is currently available. Meanwhile, mandatory evacuation orders remain in effect.
The fire is currently at 1,820 acres with zero containment. It burned steadily throughout the night with low humidity. Breezes are expected to pick up this afternoon which will contribute to the fire's spread. According to the Forest Service, 220 ground crews and several helicopters and fixed-wing aircraft are working the fire.
Officials also provided an update on the fire's perimeter:
Updated at 9:12 a.m. - Firefighters expect the arrival of two "super scooper" planes today. The aircraft dip down to lakes and reservoirs, fill a belly with water, then dump it on the fire. Today’s firefighting strategy will be dictated by wind and weather, and officials have yet to share details about any specific plans for the day.
“Our first priority is to make sure we protect and preserve life, and make sure everybody is safe from there,” said Ali Adams, a public information officer with the Larimer County Sheriff’s Office.
Adams said officials plan to hold a briefing later this morning, and potentially hold another in the afternoon.
Updated at 8:10 a.m. - Officials with the U.S. Forest Service said the fire did not spread much overnight. It was measured at 992 acres on Monday night. The fire crept slowly downhill overnight, with no major runs. Forest service officials said they will share more updates this morning after briefing their own staff.
Updated at 6:47 a.m. - Some people in the mandatory evacuation areas will not receive their mail today. According to the US Postal Service, impacted customers will be able to retrieve their mail at designated alternative post offices and should check with the post office for specific locations. The post offices in Masonville and Drake are temporarily closed while the fire continues to burn.
Updated at 6:18 a.m. on Tuesday - Crews from 31 different agencies continue to work on the Alexander Mountain Fire. The fire is estimated to be 950 acres with 0% containment, according to the final Monday night update from the Larimer County Sheriff’s Office. No new evacuations were issued overnight.
The fire is burning almost entirely on National Forest Land, and U.S. Forest Service officials said they’re planning to set up an inter-agency management team to take command of fire response. Officials are expected to provide an update on the fire later this morning.
Updated at 5:59 p.m. - The fire has been remapped at 864 acres, according to Larimer County Joint Information Center officials. The fire is approximately half a mile from US 34 near Cedar Cove Road.
Updated at 3:58 p.m. - The fire has grown to approximately 365 acres. The Larimer County Joint Operations Center has confirmed that 28 agencies are on site. 
The Larimer County Sheriff's Department has issued an order for mandatory evacuations due to a wildfire near Alexander Mountain. According to the sheriff's department, the fire is currently continuing to grow with an estimated 237 acres currently burning. For updates fro Larimer County, text the word LCEVAC to 888777 to receive text message alerts about evacuations, road closures, and other important updates. 
The Larimer County Joint Information Center has announced that the USDA Forest Service will assume command July 30.
We will continue to update this story. 
Just north of Highway 34 in Larimer county pic.twitter.com/J7DHSxODvr
Our partners with USFS and air resources have given a more accurate size-up at 247 acres as of 12:45pm. https://t.co/cxieONi6ug
Mandatory EvacuationsTo access the evacuation zone map, go here.
Voluntary Evacuations
07-29-2024 13:41:42Mandatory Evacuations ordered for CR18E from Pole Hill to Pinewood Reservoir. Citizens in this area should EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY. Text LCEVAC to 888777 for updates. Go to https://t.co/jWU69oBdZB for a map of the evacuation area. https://t.co/rZDMjOvEQG
07-29-2024 11:53:46Larimer County, CO - Mandatory Evacuations ordered for wildfire near Storm Mountain. Drake to Dam Store along Highway 34 including Storm Mountain and Palisade Mountain need to EVACUATE IMMEDIATELY. Text LCEVAC to 888777 for upd https://t.co/JFuPEFb8MF
07-29-2024 12:53:41Larimer County, CO - Wildfire - Voluntary Evacuations ordered for citizens off of CR86C, north of Rustic and citizens off of Glade Rd from HWY 34 north to Indian Creek, and citizens off CR18E from CR31 to CR 29. GATHER ESSENTIAL  https://t.co/TRdF9OOZfz
Evacuation centers have been set up at Namaqua Elementary School at  209 N. Namaqua Ave. and at the Estes Park Events Complex at 1125 Rooftop Way, Estes Park. Evacuation locations for animals have been set up at The Ranch Events Center, NoCo Humane Society and Island Grove Regional Park. The NoCo Humane Society for evacuation asks that you call 970-226-3647, opt. 0 for more information.  
Travelers should know that U.S. 34 is closed between County Road 29 and County Road 43 because of the fire.
Evacuation Centers
Animal Shelters
NoCo Humane Society, 3501 E 71st St., Loveland
Rescued horses from the #AlexanderMountainFire at The Ranch. They’re building stall to hold more. Smaller animals can go to NoCo Humane pic.twitter.com/GrIY8FawK4
#AlexanderMountainFire Animal evacuation information: Large animals can be evacuated to The Ranch Events Center & Complex (5400 Arena Cir, Loveland). Small animals (dogs, cats, etc) can be evacuated to the NoCo Humane (970-226-3647 opt. 0).  https://t.co/tuuH7kk0iC
Fire on Alexander Mountain west of Loveland with mandatory evacuations now underway for residents on Storm Mountain. #COwx 📸 Ashley McClellan pic.twitter.com/wlceTnqrWZ
Follow live footage of the fire at ALERTWest.
Colorado's Assistant State Climatologist Becky Bollinger shared video on X, formerly known as Twitter, of her view of the fire. 
Caught this 30 minutes ago. pic.twitter.com/khv0gaCWk4
Mulitple Single-Engine Air Tankers scrambled out of Grand Junction for #AlexanderMountainFire #cofire pic.twitter.com/DabAkWFLfR
Here is some aerial video from #AirTracker7 of the #AlexanderMountainFire burning west of Loveland, CO.  The latest info can be found here:https://t.co/EcXZZH4yri#AlexanderFire #LarimerCounty #LovelandCO pic.twitter.com/3Yrh2ajwrb
Air support has arrived on scene of #AlexanderMountainFire.4 helicopters , 3 type 1 and 1 type 31 large airtankeraerial supervision - air attack1 MMA on scene1 additional Type 1 helicopter en route from Wyoming. https://t.co/0qvYA1Ln6y
Get top headlines and KUNC reporting directly to your mailbox each week when you subscribe to In The NOCO.