Former EastEnders actress Lindsay Coulson is to star in the upcoming series of Waterloo Road as new headteacher Dame Stella Drake.


  The character will take over from the previous headteacher Steve Savage (played by comedian Jason Manford) who was taken away by the police at the end of series 14 for helping to cover up the murder of Boz Osbourne.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by BBC iPlayer (@bbciplayer)






A post shared by BBC iPlayer (@bbciplayer)


  Discussing the news, the 64-year-old star, said: “I’m delighted to be joining Waterloo Road as the new headteacher, Dame Stella Drake.


  “It’s a role I haven’t played before so I’m really enjoying peeling back the layers of who Stella is and seeing how the teachers and students react to her no-nonsense approach."


  The EastEnders actress added: “Waterloo Road tackles social issues head-on which is so important to see on television and this series will be no different.”


  In a first-look clip she tells the teachers: “I know you’re probably still feeling battered and bruised following recent events, but we need to take a good honest look at what changes are needed to turn this school around.”


  Coulson is best known for playing Carol Jackson in the BBC soap opera EastEnders, which she last appeared on in 2015.


  Cameron Roach, executive producer of Waterloo Road said: “We’re really thrilled that Lindsey Coulson is joining Waterloo Road, she has absolutely embraced the spirit and ethos of the show, and she completely inhabits the role of Dame Stella Drake, we can’t wait for the audience to meet her.


EastEnders legend looks unrecognisable in terrifying new role


Iconic TV star wants to join EastEnders but only under one condition


  “The fact that the show has attracted an actor of Lindsey’s calibre is a testament to the continued ambition and commitment from our writing and story teams, as well as our brilliant cast and crew.”


  Lindsay Salt, director of BBC Drama, added: “It’s a real honour to have an actor of Lindsey Coulson’s calibre take the reins at Waterloo Road.


  "Dame Stella Drake is a force to be reckoned with, and we know fans of all ages are going to love watching her.”


Waterloo Road returns to BBC iPlayer and BBC One in 2025.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.