PartyNextDoor 4 will arrive April 26.

													By
												

	Kristin Robinson

Senior Writer

	PartyNextDoor’s anticipated performance at the Moody Amphitheater at Waterloo Park on Thursday, March 14 was the perfect kick-off to Billboard’s annual THE STAGE at SXSW concert series.

	During Party’s one-hour set, he not only delivered hits including “Break from Toronto” and “Come and See Me” (feat. Drake), but elevated them to new heights with a show stopping crew of dancers and lively three-piece band. But naturally, he ended on the ultimate high: a surprise announcement about his long-awaited fourth studio album, PartyNextDoor4 (P4).

	As he told Billboard in his current cover story: “This is the hardest I’ve ever worked on an album. This is the proudest I’ve felt…I’m excited to grind even more for the next [one]. I’m in love with how hard you should work for it.” To coincide with the big reveal — which turned out to be the album’s release date of April 26 —  Party also dropped his new single “Real Woman.” 

	Over the years, Party has established himself as a go-to hitmaker for artists including Ye, Beyoncé, Jay-Z, Post Malone and Rihanna (he’s scored two Hot 100 top 10 hits with the lattermost, including “Work” and “Wild Thoughts”).

	THE STAGE takes place from March 14-16 as part of SXSW, Austin’s annual music, film and tech festival, and features performances from Billboard’s latest cover stars: Party, Christian Nodal, and Illenium. Tickets can be purchased here. 

	Last year’s THE STAGE headliners included Lil Yachty, Feid and Kx5.

	Read on for the five best moments from Party’s sold-out show below.

	PartyNextDoor saved the best for last. 

	At the end of his 60-minute headlining set, the singer, songwriter and producer finally announced the release date of his upcoming fourth studio album, PartyNextDoor4. “Thank you all for showing up tonight,” said Party while walking offstage, “P4 coming soon.” Seconds later, fans learned just how soon as the on-stage screens flashed “PARTYNEXTDOOR 4, APRIL 26TH 2024,” alerting the audience that the release of his next album was just over a month away. 

	One of the greatest challenges in performing a catalog like Party’s is playing through hit songs that feature other artists who are not present, without it feeling like something is missing from the performance. And though neither Drake, Summer Walker nor Ye were not at the show — despite hopeful rumors that Drake, who had his own gig in San Antonio, just 90-minutes south of Austin, the same night — Party made sure their absence wasn’t felt. It’s a feat he accomplished, in part, thanks to four expert dancers who shared the stage with the star. As his biggest tracks blared through the speakers, they kept the energy high — and the crowd engaged. 

	Much like the dancers, Party’s band was delivering high energy that kept the show moving and helped fill the spaces when Party would step off for a quick breather. But one moment stood out among the rest: at the end of “Recognize” featuring Drake, Party’s guitarist took centerstage, shredding over the song’s outro. It was a powerful moment that gave the show a dynamic feel, bridging the divide between an R&B performance and stadium rock show. 

	True Party fans know he is one of the co-writers behind Rihanna’s smash hit “Work,” infusing the song with the same Caribbean flair that defines much of his own discography. But it came as a pleasant surprise — judging by the roaring crowd — when Party opted to include his own live rendition of the track in his setlist. He kept it similar to the recording released by Rihanna, but ended with a twist — a minute-long drum solo. 

	Last May, Party gave his first Toronto performance in seven years. And since live music’s post-pandemic return, he has only performed at a handful of festivals (and some college shows) — but it’s all part of the plan. As his manager, Tyler Henry, said in Party’s current Billboard cover story, “We like to do a few each year to make sure we’re fresh and in front of people’s minds. It keeps us sharp for when a moment like this album comes.” And given the jam-packed amphitheater and fervent screams reverberating from the crowd, it’s a strategy that is definitely working in his favor.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.