E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			Trending:		
FOXBORO — Patriots owner Robert Kraft borrowed a line from a Boston Herald headline while introducing 2024 first-round pick Drake Maye.
“I thought it was the end of April, but one of the papers in town said, ‘Maye Day’ has arrived. That’s pretty exciting,” Kraft said Friday on the field at Gillette Stadium.
Maye didn’t tell Kraft that drafting him was the best decision the team has ever made, as Tom Brady did 24 years ago after being selected. But he delivered a similar message in his arrival.
“Meeting Mr. Kraft, the first thing I said, ‘Thanks for trusting me and believing in me. Hopefully, I’m not going to make you regret it,'” Maye said in his Carolina drawl.
The former UNC quarterback fill from Detroit, where the 2024 NFL Draft was held, to New England on Kraft’s plane.
“That was awesome. That was sweet, a once-in-a-lifetime experience. We came in right over the stadium and saw “Welcome to Gillette Stadium, Drake Maye” (on the video board). It’s a once-in-a-lifetime deal. It’s hard to beat this day. Last night was awesome, but this day is almost trumping it. So, came in here, first thing saw Coach (Jerod) Mayo, Mr. (Eliot) Wolf. Since then, getting a tour around. Met with Coach (Alex) Van Pelt, Coach (T.C.) McCartney and Coach (Ben) McAdoo. From there just meeting everybody and show them my personality and just be myself.”
Maye arrived with his three brothers, Luke, Cole and Beau, all Division I college athletes themselves, and his girlfriend, Ann Michael.
“This is my squad. If you’re getting me, you’re getting them,” Maye said.
Maye was asked if he has bragging rights for life over Luke, who won a national championship as a UNC basketball player, Cole, who won a national championship as a Florida baseball player, and Beau, a walk-on basketball player at UNC, after getting drafted third overall.
“I think in the Maye family, championships rule over anything. So, until I get one of those. You’ve got got two national champions over there. So I think that still trumps being a first-round draft choice.”
Maye is well aware of the Patriots’ championship history, and as part of his opening statement on Friday afternoon, the 21-year-old quarterback said he hopes he can help the team get back on their winning ways.
“I’m glad I’m coming to an organization that knows how to win, has done it before,” Maye said. “Ready to get that back on track and just ready to get things going.”
“I think the biggest thing is winning championships here,” Maye said later. ” And you’ve got to put in the work for that. So, just glad to be part of that culture. I feel like I fit right in. Just ready to get working and be all about ball.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group