From left to right, New England Patriots quarterbacks Drake Maye, Jacoby Brissett and Bailey Zappe attend an NFL football training camp, Sunday, July 28, 2024, in Foxborough, Mass. (AP Photo/Reba Saldanha)AP
FOXBOROUGH – Jerod Mayo challenged the defense on Saturday. At the end of Day 9 of Patriots training camp, it was clear that both sides of the ball answered the call.
The Patriots entered this weekend coming off back-to-back practices where the offense got the better of the defense. Mayo took notice and wanted his defensive unit to step up.
“I challenge the defense on that,” Mayo said. “The offense the last couple of days, they’ve done well whether it’s running the ball, the play action game, pushing the ball down the field, I think those guys are doing a good job.”
Mayo’s brought out the best of both sides on Saturday. The defense had two interceptions on Jacoby Brissett and multiple sacks on different quarterbacks throughout the practice. In the end, Brissett got the last laugh, putting together an efficient, 2-minute drive ending with a nice touchdown to Hunter Henry.
Despite the turnovers, Brissett had one of his better days of camp. The veteran finished 13-of-19 overall.
He completed 10-of-14 passes in full-team drills. That included an interception when cornerback Azizi Hearn knocked the ball away from Jalen Reagor and safety Jaylin Hawkins caught the deflection. That play happened in the end zone and caused defensive players to run onto the field and celebrate.
In 7-on-7s, Brissett went 3-of-5 with touchdowns to Ja’Lynn Polk and K.J. Osborn. He was intercepted by Alex Austin, but that happened when tight end Austin Hooper stopped running his route.
Brissett put together a magnificent 2-minute drive to end his day. That started with a 35-yard pass play to Osborn. After moving the chains with throws to Henry and DeMario Douglas, Brissett hit Henry for a nice touchdown throw with Hawkins in coverage.
That success in the 2-minute drill didn’t happen with the other quarterbacks. Drake Maye had a solid day - even if his practice numbers said otherwise. The rookie finished 7-of-17 on the day.
In full-team drills, Maye went 4-of-12, but the incompletions weren’t all on him. Out of his eight incomplete passes, two were overthrown, two were thrown away, one was dropped (Osborn), JuJu Smith-Schuster slipped on a route on another, one was batted down at the line and another happened when Maye had a miscommunication with Javon Baker.
It wasn’t the cleanest day for Maye’s unit as the No. 3 overall went 0-for-4 in the 2-minute drill. He threw away his first attempt and overthrew Baker on a deep ball, Smith-Schuster fell on the next snap when the ball was coming his way and then Maye’s last attempt was batted down by defensive tackle Trystan Hill.
Maye went 3-of-5 in 7-on-7s with touchdowns to Polk and Baker. He should’ve had a third touchdown, but Mitchell Wilcox dropped the pass.
Joe Milton III practiced more than Bailey Zappe, but the rookie struggled going 2-of-9 on the day. Milton went 1-of-5 in full-team drills. That included a drop by Kawaan Baker. The rookie quarterback went 1-of-4 in 7-on-7s and that included a drop by Smith-Schuster.
Zappe had a solid day in limited action, completing 5-of-7 passes in full-team drills.
The Patriots have Sunday off and return to practice on Monday at 11 a.m.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices