Houston Texans defensive end Will Anderson Jr. sacks New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye during an NFL game on Sunday, Oct. 13, 2024, at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Mass.AP
Coming off Drake Maye‘s first NFL start, the New England Patriots face questions about whether he will have trouble making his second one this weekend in London due to injury.
Patriots offensive coordinator Alex Van Pelt said Thursday that he is not concerned about Maye’s knee heading into this week, describing it as a precautionary measure.
“Yeah, I’m not concerned,” Van Pelt said. “That’s for the head coach and trainers, but looked good to me yesterday.”
When asked when the injury occurred, Van Pelt declined to comment.
“I don’t want to discuss injuries. I never will,” he said.
Injury concerns for Maye popped earlier this week when the quarterback appeared on the practice report Wednesday. He was listed as a full participant with a knee injury.
Rumblings about the injury intensified following a reporter from the Boston Globe‘s Ben Volin, who was told that the rookie quarterback underwent an MRI after Wednesday‘s practice. However, NFL Network reports that “there is no great concern regarding his injury.”
We‘ll get more information about Maye’s status during Thursday’s practice session -- and when the next practice report is released in the late afternoon.
Maye made his first NFL start Sunday against the Houston Texans. The rookie went 20-for-33 for 243 yards with 3 touchdowns and 2 interceptions. The Patriots are set to travel abroad this weekend as they prepare for a matchup against the Jacksonville Jaguars in London.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices