The "Drake curse" may have struck again.
On Saturday, Drake suffered a $565,000 gambling loss after he bet the amount on Tyson Fury winning his undisputed heavyweight championship match against Oleksandr Usyk in Saudia Arabia, TMZ reported.
But Usyk ended up winning the fight via split decision. Drake could have taken home $1 million had he won the wager.
RELATED :
Drake Allegedly Paid Coolee Bravo $150K For Info On Kendrick Lamar's Fiancée Whitney
The Canadian rapper's latest six-figure loss was used by some fans as another piece of evidence to support the so-called "Drake curse."
Over the years, fans have joked that Drake is "cursed" after many of the sports teams or players he publicly supported or placed bets on ended up losing.
Since 2022, Drake's betting losses have surpassed $5.9 million.
Just two months before his recent $565,000 loss, Drake also lost a $600,000 wager after Francis Ngannou was defeated by Anthony Joshua during their heavyweight showdown in March, according to the Daily Mail.
RELATED :
Kendrick Lamar Wins Rap War With Drake, But Drizzy Could Still Post A Comeback
In January, the "Hotline Bling" hitmaker revealed he bet $700,000 in Sean Strickland's favor for the mixed martial artist's clash with Dricus du Plessis.
However, Drake ended up not getting the payout after Strickland lost his middleweight title to du Plessis.
Last year, Drake lost $500,000 on Israel Adesanya and $250,000 on Nate Diaz following their respective defeats against Strickland and Jake Paul.
These were followed by an $890,000 loss on Logan Paul knocking out Dillon Danis.
Months prior to the Diaz-Paul bout, Drake also lost his $1.2 million wager on the YouTuber-turned-boxer winning against by knockout against Tommy Fury.
In December 2022, the "God's Plan" artist suffered a seven-figure loss after betting $1 million on Argentina to win the 2022 World Cup final against France, Complex reported.
While Argentina did emerge victorious after penalties, Drake's bet was for the team to win within 90 minutes.
Earlier that year, Drake lost another $275,000 when Jorge Masvidal was defeated by Colby Covington at UFC 272.
But it hasn't all been losses for Drake.
Earlier this year, he placed a $1.15 million wager on the Kansas City Chiefs defeating the San Francisco 49ers at Super Bowl LVIII.
The rapper ended up winning $2.3 million after Travis Kelce, Patrick Mahomes and the rest of the Chiefs defended their championship title.
A post shared by instagram