e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
County officials are striving to respond to some Marin City residents’ and their supporters’ complaints about plans to build a 72-unit affordable housing complex on an acre-sized lot at 825 Drake Ave.
It is not surprising to hear Marin residents complain about building plans in their neighborhood. Across our county, it’s almost a tradition.
It’s a practice state lawmakers have been trying to stop with dramatic changes in local land-use laws aimed at fueling the building of more housing.
A large part of those changes is the state housing quotas facing Marin municipalities. Those state mandates call for a 12% increase – 14,405 new units – in Marin’s housing stock by 2032.
That number is a local landscape-changer, both politically and when it comes to the development potential of the few open properties around the county.
That’s why the county has been negotiating with the developer of the 72-unit project. If the developer reduces the size of the proposed Drake Avenue project, the county promises to support its plans to build 34 units at another Southern Marin location.
County officials have been tight-lipped about the other locations they are favoring in this swap.
The county’s power in negotiations is limited thanks to the state’s new pro-housing laws. But the developer has agreed to “split” his building plans over two sites.
Their hope is that reducing the Drake Avenue project to 40 units will make it more palatable to Marin City residents, who say the plan is too big for a neighborhood and increases public safety concerns about the limited traffic access in and out of the area if evacuation was required.
There’s also an equity issue raised by critics of the proposed development; that they have the same right as other Marin communities have exercised in curtailing local development.
Opponents, Save Our City, have already garnered more than 2,000 signatures on an online petition opposing the development. They have raised nearly $25,000 in donations toward their legal fight.
They say the development proposal, even at 40 units, brings dense development to a community that is already one of the most densely developed in the county. They want the county to buy the lot and let the neighborhood determine its future.
One development critic even cited the county contributing millions toward the open space acquisition of 110 ridgetop acres in Tiburon and questioned why the county doesn’t do the same for Marin City.
The dilemma is that the state has changed the rules to hinder local opposition to proposed development. Sacramento has tilted the playing field, away from neighbors in favor of builders.
In addition, Tiburon and Belvedere residents voted to tax themselves, starting at $335 per year, over 30 years, to help pay for acquiring the scenic property.
Can Marin City residents, many of whom are living in federally subsidized low-rent apartments, make a commensurate proposal?
The other potential dilemma is county officials’ refusal to disclose where those 34 units would be built.
Which Southern Marin neighborhood is going to find itself hosting the development that supervisors already have essentially endorsed?
What about their access to an open planning process?
Did the chance for residents to influence local development potential happen when the county recently zoned lands to comply with the state’s housing mandate?
The only thing the county is saying about the plan is that the supervisors retain final say on both projects.
But what about the state’s housing mandate and the county’s arrangement with the developer? How much legal leeway does the county have?
Is this proposed deal a sign of the new realities of the state’s land-use laws?
Supervisors are trying to make the development proposal work for both Marin City and the developer, but it’s far from a nice neat package and, for some Marin City residents, even 42 units is 42 too many.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group