The Minnesota Vikings have been through a tumultuous offseason, so far highlighted by the departure of Kirk Cousins after quarterbacking the Vikings for six seasons. He joined the Atlanta Falcons and left a gaping hole under center. Free agent Sam Darnold was signed to take his place, but he isn’t the long-term fix. That guy could arrive in the draft, though. 
On April 25, general manager Kwesi Adofo-Mensah will be in the spotlight as he tries to make a deal that elevates his draft spot. Moving up the draft board into the top five is likely required to land one of the best QB prospects, with three QB-needy teams drafting early and many others just waiting for their opportunity. 
The New England Patriots hold the third overall pick, a prime position to select North Carolina’s Drake Maye if Caleb Williams and Jayden Daniels are drafted in the first two picks. According to ESPN’s insider Adam Schefter, it would be expensive, but the Vikes have reportedly been trying to make it happen. 
The Patriots, slated to pick No. 3, also have been fielding calls from teams. It would take a big offer for New England to move off that spot knowing it needs to come out of Round 1 with a quarterback, but the team has listened. And the Vikings, among others, have attempted to move up.
Some around the league believe if the Vikings can get as high as No. 3, their preference would be quarterback Drake Maye (North Carolina), who was coached in high school by Minnesota’s new quarterbacks coach Josh McCown.
If the Vikings want to have the third selection in the draft, it would cost them both first-round picks in 2024 (11 and 23) and next year’s top pick. In addition to that, it would perhaps take even more capital. The deal is costly, but Adofo-Mensah has clarified that there is no price too high if it lands a truly elite quarterback: “If you get the guy right, and he’s your answer for ten years, there’s no price you probably wouldn’t have paid looking back. You have to go back to the odds of that happening, and that’s the counterplay. Every GM is coming up here and talk, and they would probably say the same thing.”
It is on the decision-makers to determine if Maye, or whoever may be available, is worth that kind of investment. Maye checks many boxes. 
North Carolina’s captain possesses the prototypical size for a franchise QB, and his arm talent is visible on tape. He has two years of excellent production through the air and on the ground and can be used as a dual threat, although it might not be wise to use a potential franchise QB as a rusher too often. 
In the last two seasons in the ACC, Maye registered almost 8,000 passing yards and 62 passing scores, as well as over 1,100 rushing yards and 16 touchdowns. The 21-year-old can make any throw imaginable on the run and in the pocket. His pocket presence and footwork might leave room to grow, but he has the physical skill set to turn into that elite quarterback every team chases. 
Michigan’s McCarthy rivals Maye for the second spot, but the UNC captain could also be the second overall pick. Behind Williams to Chicago, the draft is still a mystery. 
If the Vikings want to draft the third QB in this class, they must meet New England’s offer. The Patriots could be eyeing the addition of some extra draft picks. 
Janik Eckardt is a football fan who likes numbers and stats. The Vikings became his favorite team despite their quarterback at the time, Christian Ponder. He is a walking soccer encyclopedia, loves watching sitcoms, and Classic rock is his music genre of choice. Follow him on Twitter if you like the Vikings: @JanikEckardt

													You must be logged in to post a comment.