It was reported that the New England Patriots "don't love" North Carolina Tar Heels quarterback Drake Maye as New England works towards a decision on what to do with the No. 3 overall pick. 
Patriots head coach Jerod Mayo offered his thoughts on Maye while speaking with reporters at the owners meetings on Monday morning. 
"Drake Maye had a fantastic interview at the combine," Mayo insisted, as shared by Chris Mason of MassLive and Adam London of NESN. "He brings a lot of energy. You can tell he has that leadership ability. And also the exciting part about a guy like Drake Maye is the ceiling. Like, there is really no ceiling with a guy like that." 
Mayo said over the weekend that "all the options are still open for us" regarding the draft's third selection. He also noted that veteran Jacoby Brissett, signed by New England presumably to be a bridge option at quarterback, "could absolutely be our starter this year." 
Some believe Maye should sit and learn as a rookie to reach the ceiling mentioned by Mayo on Monday morning. 
"I know a lot of people look at the ceiling, but you also got to kind of see how low is the floor," Mayo remarked about Maye. "How low is the floor? And I would say that a guy like Drake Maye, he has a lot of room to grow." 
Many mock drafts routinely link the Patriots with Maye because USC Trojans quarterback Caleb Williams and LSU Tigers signal-caller Jayden Daniels are expected to be the first two choices in the draft. Interestingly, Mayo said little of note on Monday when asked about Daniels. 
"I was on a Zoom with him," Mayo revealed about Daniels. "I met him before. Look, those guys have pro days coming up here soon. So when you think about the process, like when I leave here, I’m going to LSU and then when I leave LSU I’m going to Carolina before I get back home, but you have to do your due diligence." 
Mayo added that one would "hope that you could get everyone on the same page, coaches and also scouts" as it pertains to drafting any to-be rookie. 
Perhaps Mayo assumes Daniels won't be available at pick No. 3, or maybe the coach has embraced the so-called "smokescreen season" portion of the calendar at a time when the Washington Commanders are deciding what they're going to do with the draft's second overall selection. 
Zac Wassink is a longtime sports news writer and PFWA member who began his career in 2006 and has had his work featured on Yardbarker, MSN, Yahoo Sports and Bleacher Report.  He is also a football and futbol aficionado who is probably yelling about Tottenham Hotspur at the moment and who chanted for Matt Harvey to start the ninth inning of Game 5 of the 2015 World Series at Citi Field.  You can find him on X at @ZacWassink
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!