JPEGMAFIA is taking shots at Drake on his newly released album and responding to fans who have a problem with the shade.
On Friday, Mafia released his new album I LAY DOWN MY LIFE FOR YOU, which includes two songs where he mercilessly disses Drizzy. On the song "it's dark and hell is hot," the Brooklyn native took aim at the 6 God by referencing the allegations of pedophilia that Kendrick Lamar hurled at Drake during their epic rap battle a few months ago.
"Private school rappers don't know what it is / If I show you a Drac', I ain't playin' with kids," he raps.
On the next song, titled "New Black History," featuring Vince Staples, MAFIA disses Drake again, rapping, "When I come around better stare at the floor / 'Cause I'm in that mode, on my own I got that flavor (Jonathan Major) / 'Specially when y'all cashing out for PDFs and rapers (No Drizzy)."
After some fans took issue with the Drake disses, Mafia brushed off critics by calling the bars "throwaways" that are "not noteworthy."
"1st off i been dissing that n-gga since 2016, them shits was throwaway bars not noteworthy," he wrote. "Second off if anybody got a problem with what i said on this album, my tour dates in bio."
He added, "Third, y'all cant even pay your rent but defending drake for free, go outside and be somebody."
JPEGMAFIA previously explained that he doesn't have any ill will toward Drake. In an interview with Billboard in 2018, he shared that he continues to diss Drake because he's actually paying homage.
"I been randomly dissing Drake for like five years," he said. "I don't know why. I guess, because Drake, it's kinda you know what? I thought before, I don't actually have a problem with Drake. I really don't hate him."
He continued, "I guess it's my fucked up, trolly internet way of paying homage to him and just paying homage to how big he actually is. He's so big that yeah, I have been dissing him for five years, just because like he's big as fuck."
music | BY Trace William Cowen
50 Cent on How 'Backlash From Success' Factored Into Drake’s Beef With Kendrick Lamar
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Lil Yachty Says He Sent Drake Collab "Supersoak" to Kai Cenat to Leak Because They Couldn't Clear Sample
music | BY Mark Elibert
Eminem and Slim Shady Recreate Moment Where LeBron Said Drake Could 'Never Ever Let Me Down' Amid Pusha T Beef
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.