The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

Gisele Bündchen & her boyfriend call it quits… Drake purchased a doomsday truck… Jennifer Lopez grabs lunch with stepdaughter… Ariana Grande hasn’t cut ties with Scooter Braun… and Taylor Swift performs the 100th show…
In October 2022, Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen announced their marriage was coming to an end, and immediately people started gossiping that she was dating her jiu-jitsu instructor, Joaquim Valente. It wasn’t until June that the two them acknowledged they were dating, but now it looks like Gisele and Joaquim have broken up. Jokes about them having an affair came up A LOT during Tom’s Netflix roast, but Joaquim wasn’t laughing. A source told In Touch Weekly that Joaquim is just a regular guy who didn’t like the spotlight, anyway. But then, the source said, “Joaquim became part of the joke.  People actually started asking him if he was the reason for their divorce.  He hated that.” As for Gisele, she blames Tom for the breakup because he’s the one who agreed to do this roast. The source said Tom “basically put a target on Joaquim’s back.” Tom’s roast was on May 5, but Gisele and Joaquim haven’t been photographed together since late April, so we’re not really sure when their alleged split actually happened.
Gisele Bündchen and Joaquim Valente split over ‘stress’ from Tom Brady roast: report https://t.co/wLGceegsZS pic.twitter.com/Yl0Jvbppl0
In case of an apocalypse, Drake is ready. He just dropped $200K on a doomsday truck built by Apocalypse Manufacturing. This thing comes with a Hemi  Hellcat V8 6.2L engine with 870 horsepower, armored doors, and a luxurious Siberian Tiger interior. Drake’s souped-up truck also has the ability to ramp-launch 10 feet off the ground, because in an apocalypse, you just never know….By the say, Drake’s betting curse continues. He bet half a million each on the NBA and NHL finals, choosing the Mavericks to beat the Celtics and the Panthers to beat the Oilers. Both teams he picked are down 3-0 in their series.
LOOK: Drake shows off his $200,000 armored Apocalypse super truck and organic farm ranch at his new $15 million Texas mansion.Drizzy is living his best life in the Lone Star State. Read more details here. https://t.co/veSWJC7xML
Rumors that Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck are heading for divorce really picked up steam when she announced she was canceling her tour to spend more time with her family. It turns out Jennifer meant it. And she’s not just spending time with her twins. Ever since the announcement, Jennifer’s been showing up for everything her stepkids have going on. After attending the graduation ceremony of Ben and Jennifer Garner’s 12-year-old son Samuel on Wednesday, JLo took the twins to Ben’s rental house, where he was throwing an after-graduation celebration.  The next day, Jennifer and her 18-year-old stepdaughter Violet grabbed lunch at the Maybourne Hotel in Beverly Hills.  Another people think that Ben and Jen putting their $60M mansion on the market was a sign that divorce is imminent. But an inside source is trying to spin it, saying Ben “never liked the house. It’s too far away from his kids.” But why didn’t Jennifer go to the rental with him? She’s reportedly been staying in their marital mansion.
Jennifer Lopez grabs lunch with stepdaughter Violet Affleck after visiting Ben’s home amid divorce speculation https://t.co/iUGnOv2uTg pic.twitter.com/VYYpQxaU0D
Scooter Braun managed Ariana Grande’s career for 10 years before she dropped him last year. She quickly signed on with Brandon Creed and his Good World Management agency, which launched late last year. Ariana was one of many who flew Scooter’s coop, but apparently, there’s no bad blood. In fact, Ariana and Scooter are working together again. She’s signed on with Scooter’s company  HYBE, which has a global super fan platform called Weverse, which brings together artist-related content such as music videos, teasers, movies and live streams. In a statement released this week, we learned that Ariana will “continue to be managed exclusively by Brandon Creed/Good World Management,” but she will will use HYBE’s Weverse platform to promoter her makeup brand, R.E.M. Beauty. Right after the announcement, Scooter posted on his Instagram, “New chapter but always team Ari :).”
Ariana Grande hasn't completely cut ties with Scooter Braun and Hybe. The singer and Braun issued a joint statement saying they "look forward to continuing their long-standing business partnership." More: https://t.co/wBlkqfpj07 pic.twitter.com/86BkUTzshC
Taylor Swift kicked off her Eras Tour on March 17, 2023, in Glendale, Arizona. On Dec. 8, Taylor will be in Vancouver performing the last show scheduled on the tour. But last night in Liverpool was her 100th show, and her fans expected she would make a huge announcement, which she did. While they were guessing Taylor would announce the next Taylor’s Version album or a new music video for a song off The Tortured Poets Department or hoping she’d announce more shows coming in 2025, they were all wrong. While speaking to the sold-out audience at Anfield Stadium, Taylor said, “A lot of you are like, ‘How are you going to celebrate the 100th show?’ The celebration of the 100th show for me means this is the very first time I’ve acknowledged to myself and admitted that this tour is going to end in December.” So there you have it. Dec. 8 will be Taylor’s last ride on the Eras Tour rodeo. When all is said and done, she will have performed a total of 152 shows covering 5 continents.
| Taylor Swift's entire speech about the 100th show of 'The Eras Tour' before performing "All Too Well" at today's show! #LiverpoolTSTheErasTour pic.twitter.com/Twsh9kO0wA

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show