Rain likely. High 63F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 90%..
                                
Rain showers early will evolve into a more steady rain overnight. Low 52F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 70%.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 2:26 pm
Reporter
AMSTERDAM — Separate lawsuits have been filed against the city of Amsterdam by two former police officers alleging wrongful termination in unrelated incidents multiple years apart.
The respective lawsuits from Alan Drake and Nicholas Vickers were filed a week apart in state Supreme Court in Montgomery County. Drake is represented by attorney Vincent Uba. Vickers is represented by Gleason, Dunn, Walsh & O'Shea law firm.
Javascript is required for you to be able to read premium content. Please enable it in your browser settings.
Reach Ashley Onyon at aonyon@dailygazette.net or @AshleyOnyon on X.
SCHENECTADY - A Latham woman has been arrested, accused in a more than $50,000 theft from a short-term rental management company, New York Sta…
Reporter

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Have the latest local news delivered every morning so you don't miss out on updates.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Have the latest food and drink articles delivered to your inbox every Thursday.
Each day's obituaries, delivered to your inbox.
HV360 headlines to your inbox!
Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.
Sign up today to receive email newsletters of local daily obituaries.
Get the Register Star and Daily Mail E-edition delivered directly to your inbox!
Have the latest local news delivered every morning so you don't miss out on updates.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.