Photo: Getty Images
Pharrell Williams remains completely unfazed after Drake claimed he destroyed Skateboard P's prized jewels. On Wednesday, November 13, GQ shared its interview with the multifaceted producer after they named him Designer of the Year as part of their annual Men of the Year feature. During the conversation, Pharrell was asked about his reaction when he found out that Drake bought some of his old jewelry two years ago. At the time, P said he was cool with Drake's purchase because he's "a fan of the history of what it is." He remained unbothered when he was asked about Drake's claim that he destroyed the jewelry in his verse on Travis Scott's "Meltdown." 
"I guess some things are not for me to understand," Pharrell said. "When you let things go, a huge part of it is actually letting go. Not just of the physical item, but letting go of your connection to what it’s supposed to mean, or the memory. You’re literally letting them go. That was the purpose. It’s like when people sell something and they go, 'I just want to make sure you take care of it because this is my baby.' And I’m like, 'No, no, no.' This is not my baby. That’s why I’m letting it go."Drake seemingly fanned the flames of his feud with Pharrell when rapped about melting down the chains he bought during P's Joopiter auction. On "Meltdown," Drizzy rapped, "I melt down the chains that I bought from yo' boss/Give a f**k about all of that heritage s**t/Since V not around, the members done hung up the Louis, they not even wearing that s**t." A year later, Drake mentioned Pharrell by name when he dropped "Family Matters" during the peak of his beef with Kendrick Lamar, who claimed he "inherited the beef" in "Euphoria." "You wanna take up for Pharrell? Then come get his legacy out of my house," Drake spit. Pharrell hadn't spoken about either diss prior to his recent interview. He's been focused on his role at Louis Vuitton and his recent biopic Piece by Piece, which arrived in theaters last month. Check out another segment from his GQ feature below.