e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Fall Card Party: noon-4 p.m., Bread of Life Hall at St. John the Evangelist Church, 1730 W. 12th St., Loveland. St. John the Evangelist Church’s Council of Catholic Women will host the event with card games, dessert and coffee, and a chance door prizes. $5, to purchase tickets or reserve a table, call Roberta at 970-667-3802. Walk-ins are welcome.
Colorado State University Master Gardeners Webinar: noon-1 p.m.. Eric Hammond with Adams County Extension will speak about extending your garden season. Free, but registration is required. To register, visit bit.ly/3Lak4MP.
Chess Challenge: 6-8 p.m., MeadKrieger Meadery, 452 N. Washington Ave., Loveland. Free. Website: meadkrieger.com.
ReadMore Book Club: 9:30-11 a.m., Loveland Public Library, 300 N. Adams Ave., Loveland. September book is “All the Broken Places” by John Boyne. Free, lovelandpubliclibrary.org/events.
Baby and Toddler Storytime: 10-10:30 a.m., outside the Loveland Public Library, 300 N. Adams Ave., Loveland. For up to age 3 and their caregivers. Website: lovelandpubliclibrary.org/events.
Preschool Storytime: 11-11:30 a.m., outside the Loveland Public Library, 300 N. Adams Ave., Loveland. For ages 3-5 and their caregivers. Free, lovelandpubliclibrary.org/events.
Bingo: 7 p.m., Bingo Planet, 281 E. 29th St., Loveland. Benefits Fort Collins Lions Club charitable activities. $8, email info@fortcollinslions.org.
Texas Hold’em: 7-8:15 p.m., Boise Tavern, 1475 N. Boise Ave., No. 4, Loveland. Free, rockymountainpokervenues.com.
Homeward Alliance Family Resource Navigator: 9:30-11:30 a.m., Loveland Public Library, 300 N. Adams Ave., Loveland. Office hours to help families and individuals with housing and rental assistance, obtaining documents, employment navigation and assistance applying for public benefits. Website: homewardalliance.org.
Walk-In Book Donations Accepted: 9 a.m.-2 p.m. Wednesdays, 10 a.m.-2 p.m. Thursdays, The Sorting Place, 1010 W. 10th St., Loveland. The Friends of the Library is accepting books, puzzles, games, DVDs and CDs for the Oct. 18-20 Used Book Sale. friendsofthelovelandlibrary.org.
Picture Me Here Exhibits Open: noon to 6 p.m. Wednesday-Sunday, Carnegie Center for Creativity, 200 Mathews St., Fort Collins. “The Places We Come From” is a collection of portraits and poetry of 35 people from 35 countries. “Querida Familia” is an intergenerational project involving five families from Mexico who now call Fort Collins home, who selected a series of significant photographs and wrote letters to their loved ones about these meaningful moments, and the photographs and letters will be displayed together. Free, picturemehere.org/news.
Columbine Health Systems Dementia Week — “Finding a Way to Contented Dementia”: 1:30 p.m., Columbine Health Drake Centre, 802 W. Drake Road, Fort Collins. Dementia Together will show the film that follows the stories of six caregivers talking about their experiences of looking after a family member with dementia. Free, columbinehealth.com/post/dementia-week-at-columbine.
Loveland Historical Society — “The Big Dam: History and Flood Repair of the Home Supply Dam”: 6:30-7:30 p.m. Thursday, Loveland Museum, 503 N. Lincoln Ave., Loveland. The presentation by Gary Gerrard will cover some of the history, the use, and reconstruction of this historic structure. Free, lovelandhistorical.org.
 “Case of the Cracked Eggshell” Field Trip Volunteer Training: 9 a.m.-noon Thursday, Namaqua Park, 730 N. County Road 19E, Loveland. The program for kindergarten and first graders needs volunteers to help young people examine the evidence, and determine what animal cracked the eggshell. Free training, no experience needed and all training materials are provided. Visit www.lovgov.org/openlands and click on Volunteer Opportunities and Environmental Education for details or to register.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group