New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye. (AP Photo/Steven Senne)AP
FOXBOROUGH – The Drake Maye era is upon us.
Wednesday marks Day 1 of the Patriots 2024 training camp. This next month will be highlighted by the team’s quarterback competition between Jacoby Brissett and Maye. This week officially starts a new chapter for a long-storied franchise.
Before he starts an NFL game, all eyes will be on Maye this summer. The No. 3 overall picks came to New England with lofty expectations. Before he hits the practice field tomorrow, several veteran players offered advice to the rookie.
Patriots head coach Jerod Mayo said the goal for Maye will be to improve this summer. If he does that consistently, he’ll have a chance to start for the Patriots sooner rather than later.
“The goal for Drake is to get better and better each and every day,” Mayo said. “Look, it’s not a straight line up to the top. There will be ups and downs. But if you look left to right, you just hope that if he started here, he’s here. And once again, if he comes out here and takes full advantage and lights it up, he could be the Day 1 quarterback. But like I said, coming out of the spring, I think it’s Jacoby.”
Brissett is the assumed starter. The Patriots brought him for several reasons – to be a mentor to Maye, he has familiarity with Alex Van Pelt’s offense and to potentially start in case the rookie wasn’t ready.
On Tuesday, Mayo said, “I don’t think there’s any doubt that Jacoby is the starting quarterback at this point and time.”
This offseason, Brissett has been the ideal mentor for Maye. He’s helped him on and off the practice field. Drafted in the third round in the 2016 draft by the Patriots, Brissett came to the Patriots competing with Tom Brady and Jimmy Garoppolo. He said he learned real quick that he was no longer in college.
That’s the advice Brissett said that he’ll offer up to Maye when it comes to the quarterback’s first training camp.
“It’s competition. It’s work now. There’s no scholarships anymore, it’s your job,” Brissett said. “It’s so fun. You get to go out and compete every day and you understand that somebody else is trying to take your job. I learned that my rookie year with the guys I had in my room. It’s definitely something I’ve carried throughout my career so far. That doesn’t change.”
This summer won’t be easy for Maye. He’s learning a new offensive system and will compete against a top-10 defense in practice. As Mayo noted, there are going to be some rough moments for the rookie.
David Andrews noted that’s the case for every player in training camp. The longtime center and captain said he still remembers the ups and downs of being a young player in the NFL.  His advice to Maye is to stay even-keeled and not get too high or too low depending on how each practice goes.
“Just take it day-by-day,” Andrews said of his advice to Maye. “… There’s a lot of old sayings in football and a lot of them ring true. When you come off the practice field, it’s never as good as you think and it’s never as bad as you think. I can remember that going back to college when I started watching film. I thought I had a terrible day and I go in there and coach is telling me I had a good job. Or I said, ‘Wow, I had a good day today’ and you go inside and get torn apart the other way.
“That’s a big thing. It’s never as good and it’s never as bad as you think and you can’t ride those waves. It’s just steady every day. You can’t look too far ahead in the future. Those things are big for young players, but things you have to remind yourself. You’ve got to take it day by day, meeting by meeting, whatever’s next. Things you got beat on, whatever it might be for your position, learn from that and accept that. If you were perfect, you’d never get better. Those challenges, those ups and downs, they make you as a player and that’s how you learn.”
Maye’s education starts tomorrow. Gates open at 10 a.m. and the quarterback’s first day of training camp officially starts at 11 a.m.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices