ARIZONA NEWS
Feb 27, 2024, 2:00 PM
Rap star 21 Savage is scheduled to perform at Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre in Phoenix on May 11, 2024. (Live Nation Photo)
(Live Nation Photo)
BY KEVIN STONE
KTAR.com
PHOENIX – Rap star 21 Savage is bringing his distinctive flow to Phoenix this spring.
The Grammy Award winner will perform on the outdoor stage at Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre on May 11 as part of his “American Dream Tour.”
J.I.D, Nardo Wick and 21 Lil Harold are coming along as special guests.
Presales start Wednesday, and tickets go on sale to the general public Friday at 10 a.m.
21 Savage’s 2024 North American tour is in support of his new album, “American Dream,” which came out in January. It was the hip-hop star’s second solo effort to reach No. 1 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
The London-born and Atlanta-raised performer has been nominated for 11 Grammy Awards, either as a lead or featured artist. He took home the trophy for best rap song for “A Lot” in 2020.
The rapper has teamed up with a slew of big names on album projects and singles, including Metro Boomin, Drake, Post Malone, The Weeknd, Usher and Cardi B.
21 Savage’s last Valley appearance was in September 2023 as an opener for Drake at Desert Diamond Arena in Glendale.
Follow @kstonezone
Have a story idea or tip? Pass it along to the KTAR News team here.
Bailey Leasure

                                            A suspect was arrested Saturday morning in connection with a Mesa shooting in April that left one man dead, authorities said.                                        
2 hours ago
Kevin Stone

                                            Crews continue to increase containment of the Stronghold Fire in southern Arizona, authorities said.                                        
3 hours ago
Angela Gonzales/Phoenix Business Journal

                                            MDF Development plans to build a 15,000-square-foot private gated compound in Paradise Valley and sell it for $30 million.                                        
5 hours ago
Damon Allred

                                            The family of a murdered child can seek restitution for its future lost wages, according to a Wednesday decision from the Arizona Supreme Court.                                        
6 hours ago
Payne Moses

                                            A Border Patrol agent was found guilty of conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud on April 25, the U.S. Attorney's Office of District of Arizona said.                                        
15 hours ago
Bailey Leasure

                                            The Phoenix Police Department launched a new program called Smart Notifications on Monday.                                        
16 hours ago

                                Asset Preservation Wealth & Tax                            

                                As tax season commences, creating a tax plan is important in order to maximize the most money in any returns you receive.                            

                                Sonic                            

                                As spring training kicks off in Arizona, baseball fans are flocking to the Valley of the Sun to catch their favorite teams in action.                            

                                Collins Comfort Masters                            

                                As the chill of winter fades and the warmth of spring approaches, it's the perfect time to ensure your AC system is ready for the changing season.