Getty Image
Kendrick Lamar’s labelmate Schoolboy Q was slated to perform in Toronto on Thursday night, and he made it pretty clear he thinks the rapper’s beef with Drake led to the show getting canceled the day before he was scheduled to take to the stage.
Earlier this year, we were treated to the spiciest beef to come out of the world of hip-hop in recent memory when Kendrick Lamar started trading shots with Drake in what turned out to be a pretty one-sided feud that came to an end when the latter dropped a kill shot in the form of “Not Like Us.”
Drake all but admitted defeat shortly after the track came out before K-Dot hammered the final nail into the coffin by performing it five times in a row during the concert he held in his native Compton in June, and while it seems like both men have moved on, that may not actually be the case based on what happened when Schoolboy Q headed to Toronto this week.
If you’re not familiar with Schoolboy Q, you should know he’s spent over 15 years working with Kendrick Lamar, as the two men are signed to the same label (Top Dawg Entertainment) and were members of the now-defunct supergroup Black Hippy, which also boasted TDE’s  Jay Rock and Ab-Soul.
The rapper was obviously in Kendrick’s corner during the beef, and on Wednesday night, he heavily implied his ties to Kendrick led to the show that was supposed to be held at HISTORY in Toronto on July 18th being called off while asserting police were blacklisting everyone from the label.
THey just cancelled my sHow in TORONTO 😂…  CANADIAN POLICE DONT WANT NOBODY FROM TDE PERFORMING..
— ScHoolboy Q (@ScHoolboyQ) July 18, 2024
He followed that up with another tweet where he made it pretty clear he was under the impression the beef had been firmly squashed and subsequently had a hard time grasping the decision to nix the concert.
The venue hasn’t offered an official explanation for the cancelation as of this writing, but the plot thickens when you consider its social media bio contains a very juicy tidbit: “Brought to you by Live Nation, in collaboration with Drake.”
Now, there’s no proof Drake instructed the venue to cancel the show out of spite, but it would certainly be an on-brand move.