What would happen if the Patriots trade down in the draft? Here's one possibility. (AP Photo/Steve Luciano)AP
The Super Bowl is over. That means it’s officially mock draft season in the NFL.
We’re still months out from the 2024 NFL Draft and we’ve still got the Scouting Combine, workouts and endless speculation. But that won’t stop us from projecting what the New England Patriots and the rest of the league will look to do in Round 1 -- again.
In my last 2024 NFL mock draft, I had the Patriots going with one of the more popular selections with the No. 3 pick. This time, I’ve got a bit of quarterback chaos at the top of the draft -- along with one of the most dreaded phrases a Patriots fan can hear this time of the year: “trading down.”
What if, instead of an exciting quarterback or receiver, New England started their post-Bill Belichick rebuild with a safe, boring strategy of trading down, building draft capital and making a sensible pick to build a new foundation?
Here’s what that would look like:
1. Chicago Bears (via Panthers) - Caleb Williams, QB, USC
The top quarterback is going No. 1. No surprises here.
2. Commanders - Jayden Daniels, QB, LSU
But there is a surprise here. For months, the expectation has been that Williams and Drake Maye would be going in the first two spots. Things could change.
I think the tide is starting to turn. Daniels is a rising star as a quarterback who has a sky-high ceiling as a player. I think this is a case of some of the shine coming off Maye and teams falling in love with a guy who’s building momentum.
TRADE: 3. Falcons - Drake Maye, QB, North Carolina
That brings us to the No. 3 pick. There’s a perceived gap between the top tier of quarterbacks and the second tier. There’s a good chance that a team gets desperate and tries to land the last of the top guys available.
In this case, I’ve got the Falcons giving up the No. 8 pick and a first-rounder in 2024 (and maybe some more capital) to move up. It’s a steep price, but teams in these sports often end up overpaying when they’re desperate for a quarterback.
4. Cardinals - Marvin Harrison Jr., WR, Ohio State
Harrison is going to be a stud.
5. Chargers - Rome Odunze, WR, Washington
I’m imagining Jim Harbaugh coaching against Odunze in the CFP National Championship and walking away saying, “Man, I want that guy.”
6. Giants - Malik Nabers, WR, LSU
Tackle is tempting here. But I think the Giants would benefit by getting a top-tier weapon for Daniel Jones.
7. Titans - Joe Alt, OT, Notre Dame
Alt is the top offensive tackle on most boards, and the Patriots almost get him.
TRADE: 8. Patriots - Olumuyiwa Fashanu, OT, Penn State
And here we are, in a spot where I’d imagine fans across New England would be pulling their hair out. The three top quarterbacks are gone, as are the three top receivers and the clear-cut No. 1 tackle.
That leaves New England to take the No. 2 offensive tackle on the board in Fashanu, a player that fans are less likely to have heard of. It’s a pick that, from the outside, may be frustrating to watch at first. But in terms of rebuilding the team, it may actually be the best outcome.
First off, this pick nets the Patriots some much-needed capital for its rebuild. Second, it nets a player in Fashanu who may have the highest ceiling of any tackle in this draft.
Alt is probably the more polished player right now. However, the 6-foot-6, 325-pound Fashanu has tons of room to grow. He’s a tremendous athlete who’s still fine-tuning parts of his game and could develop into a franchise left tackle for the next decade.
This would be a boring pick now. But it could end up being one that lays the foundation for a successful rebuild in New England.
9. Bears - Dallas Turner, EDGE, Alabama
Chicago follows the same plan that worked so well for Houston last season, taking a franchise quarterback and then the draft’s top pass rusher both in the top 10.
10. Jets - J.C. Latham, OT, Alabama
For the second year in a row, the Jets are in need of a tackle in Round 1. It’s possible they could get leapfrogged again, but not in this mock.
11. Vikings - J.J. McCarthy, QB, Michigan
Is this early for more quarterbacks to be going? Yes. But teams could start getting desperate, especially for a player with high-end tools like McCarthy.
12. Broncos - Bo Nix, QB, Oregon
Nix is a wild card in this draft. He could fall to Round 2. Or he could go earlier than expected.
13. Raiders - Terrion Arnold, CB, Alabama
Teams needing defensive talent are going to have some awesome players fall to them. This is one example.
14. Saints - Brock Bowers, TE, Georgia
Bowers is one of the top prospects in this draft. However, tight end isn’t a glaring need for a ton of teams early. I think New Orleans is the first to jump on a prized talent that falls down the board.
15. Colts - Nate Wiggins, CB, Clemson
Great value for a position of need.
16. Seahawks - Laiatu Latu, EDGE, UCLA
A prize pass rusher for new head coach Mike Macdonald.
17. Jaguars - Jared Verse, EDGE, Florida State
Here comes the run on defensive players. There are a lot of good pass rushers in the draft and they could start coming off the board quickly.
18. Bengals - Taliese Fuaga, OT, Oregon State
This class is also rich in offensive line talent. Cincinnati continues to try and build their line around Joe Burrow.
19. Rams - Cooper DeJean, CB, Iowa
DeJean feels like a player who we’re going to look back and ask, “Man, how did he fall so far?”
20. Steelers - Jackson Powers-Johnson, OL, Oregon
Powers-Johnson built some hype at the Senior Bowl. He’s not a flashy pick, but could slide in as an immediate starter.
21. Dolphins - Troy Fautanu, OL, Washington
Fautanu played left tackle in college, but is expected to bump inside at the NFL level.
22. Eagles - Quinyon Mitchell, CB, Toledo
Mitchell doesn’t come from a football powerhouse, but has one of the best skillsets in the draft.
23. Texans (via Browns) - Amarius Mims, OT, Georgia
At 6-foot-7, 340 pounds, Mims could be a monster if he reaches his potential.
24. Cowboys - Tyler Guyton, OT, Oklahoma
Yup, another tackle. Expect Round 1 to be loaded with them.
25. Packers - Kool-Aid McKinstry, CB, Alabama
The Packers found success years back when they took HaHa Clinton-Dix out of Alabama. Why not Kool-Aid?
26. Buccaneers - Keon Coleman, WR, Florida State
With Mike Evans expected to leave in free agency, Coleman feels like a natural replacement.
27. Cardinals (via Texans) - Byron Murphy, DL, Texas
Murphy is an explosive player who could help Arizona in a lot of areas on defense.
28. Bills - Brian Thomas Jr., WR, LSU
Thomas is one of the more underrated prospects in this draft. He’d thrive in Buffalo with Josh Allen and Stefon Diggs.
29. Lions - Ennis Rakestraw Jr., CB, Missouri
Detroit has found success in turning underrated prospects into NFL stars. Rakestraw could be the latest example.
30. Ravens - Jer’Zhan Newton, DL, Illinois
Newton is a disruptive interior rusher who could make a great Ravens defense even better.
31. 49ers - Jordan Morgan, OT, Arizona
The 49ers have a lot of things going for them right now. But their offensive line could use a boost.
TRADE: 32. Michael Penix Jr., QB, Washington 
Penix is a tremendous player who has some concerns about his health. I like the odds of a team rolling the dice on him late in Round 1. Here, I’ve got the Titans trading up six picks to do it.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices