Here are some quick facts and figures about Montana, gathered from the U.S. Census Bureau. 
There were 15 candidates for citizenship representing eight countries who became U.S. citizens in a naturalization ceremony Thursday in Glacier National Park.
Fifteen candidates for citizenship became U.S. citizens in a naturalization ceremony Thursday in Glacier National Park.
District Court of Montana Judge John T. Johnston presided over the ceremony in the Apgar Amphitheater.
The candidates were from the United Kingdom, Philippines, Germany, Canada, Bulgaria, Moldova, Thailand and Fiji, National Park Service officials said.
Each year, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services celebrates Constitution Day and Citizenship Day — and Constitution Week — by celebrating the connection between the Constitution and citizenship, reflecting on what it means to be a citizen of the United States and holding special naturalization ceremonies across the country, National Park Service officials said.
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services often has naturalization ceremonies at museums, schools, libraries and other notable locations to celebrate the conclusion of an immigrant’s journey to citizenship. 
This ceremony is one of many that will take place Sept. 17-23 as part of USCIS’ celebration of Constitution Week.
It honors both the signing of the U.S. Constitution on Sept. 17, 1787, and an observance that began in 1940 as “I Am an American Day.” Citizenship Day began in 1952 and was signed into law by President Harry Truman.
In 1955, President Dwight Eisenhower proclaimed the first Constitution Week, according to the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services website.
Staff writer Phil Drake can be reached at 406-231-9021 or phil.drake@helenair.com.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Here are some quick facts and figures about Montana, gathered from the U.S. Census Bureau. 
“We need to remember those who came before, honor them,” a Vietnam War veteran said at the ceremony. “They could’ve been any one of us. Your u…
A GoFundMe site was started recently for a Congolese family in Helena through Hands On Global to help them succeed in their new life.
The Helena Kennel Club and Gallatin County Kennel Club partnered to hos the American Kennel Club Dog Show in Helena where dogs practiced obedi…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.