"It would have just been a better look overall for Hip-Hop and for New Orleans."

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

G Herbo has weighed in on who he feels is would have been the best choice to take the 2025 Super Bowl stage to represent Hip-Hop. The Chicago rapper’s take comes as controversy surrounds Kendrick Lamar being chosen over Lil Wayne to headline the NFL’s biggest night in New Orleans — Weezy’s hometown.

	As many have called out the halftime show’s executive producer Jesse Collins and even JAY-Z for seemingly “snubbing” the Young Money icon, Herbo also stands behind Wayne as the rightful option.

	While recently appearing on Big Boy TV, the “Chiraq” rapper remarked that Wayne “would have done more for New Orleans culture” than K. Dot by taking the stage. “I’m a big Kendrick fan, I love Kendrick. But I feel like it would have done more for New Orleans culture,” he said. “It would have been bigger for the culture. It would have been more monumental if Wayne did it.”

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	“The city needed it. I really feel like that would have brought the city together, culture-wise,” he continued. “They would have been excited to see it, more people would actually come. It would have just been a better look overall for Hip-Hop and for New Orleans.”

	Like many, Herb admitted that Tunechi is his “favorite rapper of all time.” Others also came to Wayne’s defense including his YMCMB and Cash Money family, Nicki Minaj and Birdman. In Minaj’s ongoing rant, she called out JAY-Z, who has been contracted to help organize the halftime show since 2020.

	“Denying a young black man what he rightfully put into this game for no other reason but your ego. Your hatred for BIRDMAN, Drake & Nicki got you punishing Lil Wayne?!?!!! LIL WAYNE!!!!!!!!!! THE GOAT?!!!!!!!!!!!” she exploded on X. “Nola what’s good?!!!!!! Eminem stood firm on having 50Cent come out. A white man. Sh*t sad. House NI**ER TINGZ. but it’s GOOD FI DEM!!!!!!! No loyalty ? Welp. then ni**az will keep son’ing you!!!!! #DTLR #GagCityDC LMFAOOOOOOOOOO GOODAZ FI DEL GAL U AH GOODAZ FI DEM.”

	In another post she added, “You can love & respect Kendrick and still love & respect Wayne. Even Kendrick loves & respects Wayne. Every real rapper loves & respects Wayne.”
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)

	As more sentiments rolled in showing support for Lil Wayne, the G.O.A.T spoke out on his own. Wayne expressed to his fans that it took him a while to even explain how he felt, as he was “broken” and also blamed himself for having expectations. However, he thanked everyone who came to his defense.

	










	“First of all, I want to say forgive me for the delay. I had to get strength enough to do this without breaking,” he began. “I’ma say thank you to every voice, every opinion, all the care, love and support out there. Your words turned into arms and held me up when I tried to fall back.”

	He went on, “But I thought that was nothing better than that spot and that stage and that platform in my city, so it hurt,” he added. “It hurt a whole lot. But y’all are f**king amazing. It made me feel like sh*t not getting this opportunity and when I felt like sh*t, you guys reminded me that I ain’t sh*t without y’all… and that’s an amazing reality.”
A post shared by Lil Wayne (@liltunechi)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.