The NY Jets are hoping to put an injury-riddled, cursed 2023 season behind them as they enter the 2024 season with legitimate Super Bowl aspirations. The return of Aaron Rodgers has boosted the Jets' optimism entering 2024, and the team made a few moves this offseason to help surround him with talent.
A revamped offensive line featuring the likes of Tyron Smith, Morgan Moses, and John Simpson is paired with an improved wide receiver room that added Mike Williams and Malachi Corley. The result is a Jets roster that should be able to compete this season.
The NFL schedule has officially been released for this upcoming season, and the Jets have quite a few intriguing matchups to discuss. We did our best to predict exactly how the Jets' 2024 season might go now that the league's schedule release has come and gone.
Week 1: 49ers - L
Fresh off a Super Bowl loss, the 49ers enter the 2024 season as one of the favorites to get out of the NFC again. Robert Saleh returns to San Francisco to face his former team for the first time as Jets head coach.
Unfortunately, the 49ers remain one of the most talented teams in the NFL. This will be a tough one for the Jets, especially on the road. Chalk this one up as a 49ers victory.
Week 2: Titans - W
The Titans saw some good things from Will Levis in his rookie season and hope that 2024 first-round pick JC Latham can serve as another long-term building block.
Still, the Jets are clearly the superior team on paper. The Jets get back on track with a victory led by the returning Aaron Rodgers.
Week 3: Patriots - W
The Patriots are entering a new era with Jerod Mayo as the head coach and quite possibly Drake Maye as their quarterback. Still, the Jets are the superior team here.
Whether it’s Maye or Jacoby Brissett at quarterback, the Jets should have the firepower to handle a Patriots team that is still going through a rebuild. Count this as another Jets win against their bitter rivals.
Week 4: Broncos - W
Will this be the Zach Wilson revenge game? The Broncos traded for the former No. 2 overall pick last month, but it seems unlikely Wilson will be starting this game. In reality, the Jets will likely see either Jarrett Stidham or rookie Bo Nix this week.
The Broncos still have some talent on defense, including former Jet John Franklin-Myers, but this is a game the Jets should be winning. The Nathaniel Hackett revenge tour continues.
Week 5: Vikings - W
Could this be a Sam Darnold revenge game? It’s possible Minnesota opts to roll with rookie quarterback J.J. McCarthy, but Darnold will be in contention for the starting job.
Either way, this is a game the Jets should be winning. Aaron Rodgers defeats a familiar foe in his first Jets game against a former NFC North opponent in London.
Week 6: Bills - W
This is the first time the Jets will host their division rival Buffalo Bills since last season’s infamous Week 1 outing. Aaron Rodgers is back, and he’ll hope to lead his Jets team to a second consecutive home victory over the Bills.
Buffalo’s roster isn’t as daunting as last year as the team was forced to purge quite a few notable players this offseason. The Jets win two in a row at home against the Bills.
Week 7: Steelers - W
The Steelers have a new quarterback in Russell Wilson, but this is still very much a middling team in the AFC. Pittsburgh lacks the offensive firepower to compete with the best of the best in the conference.
Winning in Pittsburgh is never easy, but the Jets manage to go into Acrisure Stadium (it’s still Heinz Field to me) and pull off a win against an inferior opponent.
Week 8: Patriots - W
Times have changed in the AFC East. The Patriots are the new bottom-dwellers of the division, at least until further notice. Perhaps rookie quarterback Drake Maye can change their fortunes, but this Patriots roster still has a long way to go.
The Jets follow up their win against the Patriots in Week 18 last year by winning in Foxborough for the second consecutive season. Aaron Rodgers and the Jets sweep the Patriots.
Week 9: Texans - L
The Houston Texans enter the 2024 season as legitimate Super Bowl contenders. C.J. Stroud is surrounded by one of the best receiving corps in the NFL and will be determined to prove that Houston’s rise last year wasn’t a fluke.
The Jets have the secondary to match up with the Texans’ talented receivers, but we still project head coach DeMeco Ryans to get one over on his former coaching mate, Robert Saleh. This one is a Texans victory.
Week 10: Cardinals - L
Don’t sleep on the Cardinals this year. Arizona may have only won four games a year ago, but Kyler Murray is back and he’s surrounded by a much-improved roster featuring highly-touted rookie Marvin Harrison Jr.
A road trip out west to Arizona makes this a potential trap game for the Jets. It’s a game the Jets probably should win on paper, but the games aren’t played on paper. This one is a surprise Cardinals win.
Week 11: Colts - W
Anthony Richardson will return to the starting lineup for the Colts after missing most of his rookie season due to a shoulder injury. Indianapolis is hoping he picks up where he left off a year ago.
This Colts team is talented, and they added a few exciting rookies in the 2024 NFL Draft, but the Jets are the better team on paper. This Jets pass rush causes trouble for Richardson as Gang Green pulls off the win.
Week 13: Seahawks - W
Geno Smith returns to MetLife Stadium after defeating the Jets at home last season. There will be no Jamal Adams revenge game, but Smith, Laken Tomlinson, Jason Myers, and George Fant will carry the revenge torch.
The Seahawks officially eliminated the Jets from playoff contention a year ago. This time, the Jets get revenge and spoil Smith’s return to East Rutherford.
Week 14: Dolphins - W
The Dolphins were forced to part ways with a number of important pieces this offseason, but they still have a roster that can compete for the AFC East title. This will be a crucial game for both teams.
We can give the Jets a slight edge here at home. Gang Green’s pass rush should be able to create consistent pressure against a questionable Dolphins offensive line.
Week 15: Jaguars - L
It feels like the narrative around Trevor Lawrence has reached ridiculous levels. Lawrence is still a borderline top-10 quarterback, and the Jaguars should still be seen as the favorites to win the AFC South.
A revamped receiving corps, a strong running game, and a talented defense will pose an obstacle for any team. The Jets fail to secure a win against a game Jaguars team.
Week 16: Rams - L
The Rams overachieved in 2023, winning 10 games and reaching the postseason despite low expectations entering the year. On paper, they should be a team primed for regression this season.
Nonetheless, they still have the talent to make some noise in the NFC. Kyren Williams and a talented Rams offensive line could be a bad matchup to an unproven Jets run defense. This feels like a potential trap game for the Jets.
Week 17: Bills - L
The Bills still have a talented roster, even after undergoing somewhat of an offseason purge. Josh Allen is still one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL with the ability to alter the outcome of any game. 
It would be nice for the Jets to sweep both games against the Bills, but this is still a tough team fighting for a playoff spot. This won’t be an easy game for the Jets.
Week 18: Dolphins - L
Playing in Miami is never an easy game, and the Dolphins still have the offensive firepower to wreak havoc against opposing defenses. Even this talented Jets secondary could struggle to contain the likes of Tyreek Hill and Jaylen Waddle.
Miami’s running game also remains a strength, which could cause trouble for a shaky Jets run defense. The Jets might pull out the win at home, but a split with the Dolphins feels like a safe bet.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.