A beautiful private island with military history off the coast of Devon is up for sale.
Drake’s Island is 550 metres off the coast of Plymouth. It has no fixed guide price but renovation costs are estimated at around £25m.
It was used for coastal defence for hundreds of years with the trip from the mainland to the island taking 10 minutes by boat.
It is full of military history with 18th-century cannons, military barracks, artillery batteries, shell shafts and underground gun-powder stores.
The island is named after Sir Francis Drake who set sail from it in 1577 to circumnavigate the globe.
  READ MORE    French island issues extreme tourist rule after services 'stop working'  [LATEST] 
Current owner and local businessman Morgan Phillips bought the island in 2019 for £6million. He currently gives guided tours to visiting groups.
"It has over 2,000 years of history - the first recorded building is 1135," he said. "It was the nuclear deterrent of its day, that's probably why the Spanish armada never came here!
“What we really need is the island to be taken forward and someone who has got the budget to be able to do that.
“Being the steward of this amazing landscape has been one of the great joys of my life. I hope to pass on the baton to someone passionate about the island’s surroundings and can realise its potential, and I would cherish the prospect of seeing these ambitions realised.”
Phillips also said that mediums who have visited the island have all said that there are around 15 ghosts, all former British military men.
  DON'T MISS     The magical European seaside town that used to be an island  [LATEST]     Majorca 'crisis' as anti-tourism protester gives reason Brits no longer visiting  [REPORT]     Canary Island holiday infested with cockroaches - even in toaster  [INSIGHT] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
But he said that even though “stuff happens”, the ghosts are there to protect the island, continuing their life’s mission.
The lucky new owner will need to renovate the island’s buildings with permission to build a luxury hotel with 43 rooms which could become a wedding venue.
Ali Rana from property consultants Carter Jonas said: "The proposals include for these [outbuildings] to be converted into bedrooms and one of the things the owner has been thinking about is using this as a wedding venue where the guests would stay there and potentially put a restaurant, café at the end. 
“It's one of those opportunities where with some vision you could really create something special."
The Drake's Island website also mentions that it has its own wildlife reserve, and views of the historic Plymouth harbour.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated