Lupe Fiasco thinks Drake should buy Damon Dash's share of Jay-Z's debut studio album Reasonable Doubt after the music executive announced he was taking offers for it.
On Friday, the Roc-A-Fella Records co-founder hopped on Instagram with a post announcing he was selling his one-third share of Hov's freshman effort and explained he was only entertaining serious inquiries. "This shit is for sale 1/3 … only real inquiries only," he wrote under a picture of the album cover.
Lupe saw the post and gave his two cents on Drake being the rightful person to buy the share while also revealing he was upset that Dame would want to sell a piece of history.
"@champagnepapi will keep it safe for generations to come," Lupe wrote in a since-deleted comment. "This is grail and influenced an innumerable amount of rappers to see it peddle such a lack of grace genuinely hurts my feelings a little bit but also on savages shit fuck it...either donate it to a museums for safekeeping or seriously let Drake make an offer so he can put in where it needs to be."
He added, "Or just keep the shit OG you should be infinitely proud of this. Without it there is no me as I am and I'm sure other MC's will agree."
In February, a judge ordered Dame to sell his remaining shares in Roc-A-Fella Records to settle a $823,000 debt stemming from a 2022 civil case. Jay and fellow Roc co-founder Kareem "Biggs" Burke tried to oppose the decision but failed.
Rumors circulated that Cam'ron and Mase were in talks to buy the share, but nothing materialized.
style | BY Joe Price
Drake Wears Eminem's 'Free Yayo' T-Shirt After G-Unit Rapper Suggested Kendrick Beef Isn't Over
music | BY tara mahadevan
Rick Ross Trolls Drake After Flooding at His Toronto Mansion: ‘Minor Issues’
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Drake and Kendrick Lamar Beef Lands on 'Jeopardy!' as $800 Prompt
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.