WTJU 91.1 FM
Stations
By Russell Perry
Lionel Loueke – Dave Holland
As the year comes to a close and the pace of current releases has slowed, I have reached out to artists, labels and promotors to seek out releases that we missed the first time around but that have been identified by various sources as among the best of the 2024.  Here is the second installment of these releases.
Dan Tepfer & Miguel Zenón – Internal Melodies (Main Door Music, released 11/10/2024).  Miguel Zenon – alto saxophone, Dan Tepfer – piano.
With a long history of playing together, pianist Dan Tepfer and altoist Miguel Zenón have now recorded a duo release.  These are well matched players with Tepfer’s light touch complementing Zenon’s gentle attack.  The duo format has served Zenon well, witness the two volumes of boleros with Luis Perdomo (El Arte Del Bolero, Volume 2, previewed 08/14/2023).    Recommended.
Reviews: Financial Times, Musically Speaking
Dave Holland / Lionel Loueke – United (Edition Records, released 11/08/2024.  Lionel Loueke – guitar / percussion / vocals, Dave Holland – bass.
British bassist Dave Holland and Benin-born guitarist / vocalist Lionel Loueke find a ton of common ground on this lovely duo recording.  Consisting of ten tunes by Loueke and a cover of Wayne Shorter’s United, the set revels in odd meters lurking under the surface of a delightful hybrid music that brings African folk, Afro-beat and funk to modern jazz.  With only two players, Holland is way up in the mix and we can revel in his firm tone and inventive phrasing.  Loueke is always a compelling player and singer.  Highly recommended.
Reviews: Jazz Trail, Marlbank, Making a Scene
Kurt Elling – Wildflowers, Vol. 2 (Edition Records, released 11/08/2024). Ingrid Jensen – trumpet, Joey Calderazzo – piano, Kurt Ellington- vocals.
Following immediately on the heels of Wildflowers, Volume 1 (with Sullivan Fortner – Cecile McLorin Salvant), Volume 2 is a digital only duet with pianist Joey Calderazzo, with whom Elling recorded along with Branford Marsalis on two records – Marsalis’s Upward Spiral (2015) and Elling’s The Questions (2018).  The short set includes a lesser known tune from Kurt Weill (Lost In The Stars), Fred Hersch and Norma Winstone’s Stars, Arlen – Harburg’s standard It’s Only A Paper Moon, Joe Zawinul’s Current Affairs and Sting’s August Wind with obbligati by guest trumpeter Ingrid Jensen.  The five-tune record of a very sympathetic meeting of two pros.  Recommended.
Review: One Jazz
Keith Jarrett / Paul Motian / Gary Peacock – The Old Country (ECM, released 11/08/2024).  Keith Jarrett – piano, Gary Peacock – bass, Paul Motian – drums.
In 1992, pianist Keith Jarrett released a 1992 set Live At The Deer Head Inn.  This release mines the tapes of that date for another set of excellent piano trio recordings.  Although Jarrett’s Standards Trio with Gary Peacock on bass and Jack DeJohnette on drums had been a unit for a decade by 1992, DeJohnette was unavailable and Paul Motrin sat in for this gig which changes up the sound of the trio.  Motian had recorded with Jarrett as early as 1971.  Jarrett retired from playing in 2018, but a steady pace of live releases from his archives keeps him front of mind.  Recommended.
Reviews: The Arts Fuse, The Guardian, AllAboutJazz
Charlie Parker – Bird In Kansas City (Verve Records, released 10/25/2024).  Charlie Parker – alto saxophone, Efferge Ware – guitar), Edward “Little Phil” Phillips – drums and Jay McShann and His Orchestra.
Alto saxophonist Charlie Parker did not leave a huge discography (Dial 1945 – 1947, Savoy 1944 – 1950, Verve 1949 – 1954) but all of it remains easily available.  I would certainly absorb all this important studio work before diving into the nether world of collected bits from private parties and hotel rooms.  One school of thought supports falling into these rabbit holes in a completist frenzy and there are nuggets to be found, certainly.  But nothing on this release challenges the supremacy of Bird’s great and transcendent studio work.  For Bird collectors only.
Reviews: Plastic Sax, Jazz Desk, Syncopated Times
TK Blue – Planet Bluu (JAJA Records, released 10/25/2024).  Wallace Roney Jr. – trumpet, T.K. Blue – alto saxophone / soprano saxophone / alto flute / kalimba, Davis Whitfield – piano, Dishan Harper – bass, Orion Turre – drums with Steve Turre – trombone / shells, Dave Kikoski – piano.
Multi-reed player T.K. Blue (The Tide Of Love, previewed 05/15/2023), long-time music director for Randy Weston, comes forward with another satisfying small group release from a trumpet – sax quintet, liberally spiced with African tuned-percussion.  There is a distinct generation hand-off in the composition of the band – trumpeter Wallace Roney, Jr. (son of trumpeter Wallace Roney), pianist Davis Whitfield (son of guitarist Mark Whitfield), bassist Dishan Harper (son of trumpeter Danny Harper and pianist / vocalist Terry Harper), drummer Orion Turre (son of trombonist Steve Turre, who guests here, and cellist Akua Dixon).  Solid.
Reviews: AllAboutJazz, Jazz Weekly, Medium, Downbeat, Paris Move
Peter Evans – Extra (We Jazz Records, released 10/25/2024).  Peter Evans – piccolo trumpet / flugelhorn / piano, Petter Eldh – bass & synthesizer, Jim Black – drums / electronics.
Trumpeter Peter Evans (David Liebman) and his trio deliver some rhythmically complex music that uses studio techniques to extend the reach of the brass – bass – drums trio.
Reviews: Jazz Trail, You and the Music
Jazzmeia Horn – Messages (Empress Legacy Records, released 10/25/2024).  Marquis Hill – trumpet, Unknown – tenor saxophopne / soprano saxophone / flute, Keith Brown – piano, Victor Gould – piano, Eric Wheeler – bass, Anwar Marshall – drums, Kahlil Kwame Bell – percussion, Jazzmeia Horn – vocals.
Vocalist Jazzmeia Horn led a large ensemble on her 2021 release Dear Love and now returns to a smaller group like most of her 2019 Love and Liberation.  This time around, the program is ten originals plus a single cover – an extended and unhurried version of You’re Beginning To Be A Habit To Me.  For some reason, none of the information available identifies all the players, specifically none of the sax and flute players are credited.  I don’t understand why this would be.  Horn’s characteristic scatting and broad range are in full display.
Jeff Cosgrove / Noah Preminger / Kim Cass – Confusing Motion For Progress (Self Produced, released 10/20/2024).  Noah Preminger – saxophone, Kim Cass – bass. Jeff Cosgrove – drums.
A wonderful cordless trio, playing a set of seven compositions by drummer Jeff Cosgrove (William Parker, Matthew Shipp, Jeff Lederer) plus one group improvisation.  Cosgrove has a delicate touch that allows the other players plenty of space.  Bassist Kim Cass (Levs, previewed 07/01/2024) provides a melodic complement to big-toned saxophonist Noah Preminger (Sky Continuous, 2021).  Highly recommended.
Reviews: Something Else!, Jazz Weekly
Sylvie Courvoisier – To Be Other-Wise (Intact Records, released 10/18/2024).  Sylvie Courvoisier – piano.
Very exploratory music from pianist Sylvie Courvoisier played on a piano prepared with bits of wood and played with delicacy and enthusiasm.
Review: Marlbank
Bill Frisell, Kit Downes, Andrew Cyrille – Breaking the Shell (Red Hook Records, released 09/27/2024).  Kit Downes – pipe organ, Bill Frisell – electric guitar, Andrew Cyrille – drums.
For forty years, Bill Frisell has continued to surprise us with his abrupt turns and delight us with his virtuosity.  His last release (Orchestras, previewed 04/23/2024) was half with a 60-piece string orchestra and half with an 11-piece jazz orchestra.  Now here he in a trio with national treasure Andrew Cyrille on percussion and Kit Downes (Outpost of Dreams, previewed 07/29/2024) on pipe organ.  While each track clearly features an electric guitar and percussion, it isn’t always clear what the other instrument is (or instruments are).  The King of Instruments (as named by Mozart) isn’t overbearing, but rather soft, mysterious and complex.  Don’t look for hummable tunes here, but allow the sounds to wash over your ears.  Recommended.
Reviews: AllAboutJazz, Jazz Trail, Paris Move, Glide Magazine, The Big Takeover
Caroline Davis – Portals Volume 2: Returning (Intact Records, released 09/20/2024).  Marquis Hill – trumpet, Caroline Davis – alto saxophone, Julian Shore – piano, Chris Tordini – acoustic bass, Allan Mednard – drums with Jen Shyu – vocals, Julia Easterlin – vocals, Mike King – organ / Rhodes / synthesizer, Nappy Nina – spoken word, Nicole Mitchell – flute, Alexa Barchini – vocals, Ben Hoffmann – synthesizers.
Alto saxophonist Caroline Davis (Alula: Captivity previewed 08/28/2023) has been a rising star in the New York creative music world for the last several years.  As with her previous release Portals Volume 1: Mourning (2021), she tackles topics of grief and healing from a very personal place.  She is a strong melodicist and has surrounded herself with excellent musicians, notably Charlottesville flutist Nicole Mitchell (Bamako Chicago Sound System, previewed 09/12/2024) and trumpeter Marquis Hill (New Gospel Revisited, 2022).
Reviews: AllAboutJazz, UK Jazz News, Paris Move, Jazz Views
Taka Nawashiro – Lifescape (Universal Music, released 09/18/2024).  Baba Tomoaki – saxophone, Victor Gould – piano, Jon Cowherd – piano, Take Nawashiro – guitar, Ben Allison – bass, Kanoa Mendenhall – bass, Ishikawa Kurena – bass, Shun Ishiwaka – drums.
Young Japanese guitarist Taka Nawashiro recorded his second release in New York with two different bands and then overdubbed more instruments in Tokyo.  Unfortunately, we have no information about who plays on which tracks.  The various (but anonymous) players are solid and the guitar playing often inspiring.
Micah Thomas – Mountains (Artwork Records, released 09/13/2024).  Adam O’Farrill – trumpet, Caleb Smith – trombone, Immanuel Wilkins – alto saxophone, Nicole Glover – tenor saxophone, Micah Thomas – piano, Kanoa Mendenhall – bass, Kweku Sumbry – drums.
Young pianist Micah Thomas pulls out all the stops in his fourth release, this one live from New York’s Jazz Gallery.  Following two trio releases and a solo set, this is an unruly septet with the cream of younger New York players making up its four-horn front line.  Sometimes it’s free, sometimes strutting, sometimes swinging – lots going on.
Reviews: AllAboutJazz, Paris Move, Jazz Trail, Making A Scene
Geoffrey Keezer – Geoffrey Keezer Live At Birdland(MarKeez Records, released 08/16/2024).  Geoffrey Keezer – piano, John Patitucci – acoustic and electric basses, Clarence Penn – drums.
Pianist Geoffrey Keezer (Ayssa Allgood, Michael Dease, Gerry Gibbs, Christian McBride) brings a little Bill Evans, a little Monk, a little Chick Corea and a lot of Geoffrey Keezer to this sparkling live set.  The trio is well matched – John Patitucci (Wayne Shorter, Troy Roberts, Andy Ezrin) on bass and Clarence Penn (Behind The Voice, previewed 12/02/2024) on drums.  The program features three titles by Chick Corea, four by Wayne Shorter and two by the leader, all arranged to bring out the best in the trio.  Highly recommended.
Reviews: AllAboutJazz, Paris Move, Jazz Weekly 
Benjie Porecki – All That Matters (Funklove Productions, released 07/31/2024).  Benjie Porecki – piano / organ / pads, Michael Bowie – bass, Mark Prince – drums.
Pianist / organist Benjie Porecki has produced a somewhat atypical piano trio date in that he has overdubbed organ on several tunes as a soft bed for his piano playing.  It is a lovely sound.
Amaro Freitas – Y’Y(Psychic Hotline, released 03/01/2024).  Shabaka Hutchings – flute, Amaro Freitas – keyboards / percussion / vocals, Brandee Younger – harp, Jeff Parker – guitar, Aniel Someillan – bass, Hamid Drake – drums.
This is Brazilian music like I don’t usually think of as Brazilian music.  Pianist Amaro Freitas drew his inspiration for this work from the Amazon rainforest and the music is mystical and mysterious.  All compositions are by Freitas and the first five are solo performances with overdubbing on keyboards, percussion, flutes and vocals.  His keyboard work is beautifully percussive and he plays a prepared piano that sounds like a wooden percussion instrument of some sort.  The next three tracks features duos with Shabaka Hutchings (Perceive Its Beauty, Acknowledge Its Grace, previewed 04/23/2024) on flute, Brandee Younger (Brand New Life, 2023) on harp, and Jeff Parker (Nicole Mitchell, Andrew Bird, Makaya McCraven) on guitar.  The disc finishes with a lively quartet adding Hutchings, Aniel Someillan on bass and Hamid Drake (Heart Trio, 06/24/2024) on drums.  Highly recommended.
Reviews: Pitchfork, Downbeat, The Guardian, AllMusic, New York Times
Riley Mulherkar – Riley (Westerlies Records, released 02/16/2024).  Riley Mulherkar – trumpet, Chris Pattishall – piano / programming / sound design, Rafiq Bhatia – additional programming / sound design, Russell Hall – bass, Kyle Poole – drums, Vuyo Sotashe – vocals.
Trumpeter Riley Mulherkar, a founding and long-time member of the brass quartet The Westerlies, has released his debut as a solo artist.  It is full of surprises and a deep appreciation for the historical context of the music.  Mulherkar’s own compositions sit side-by-side with those of Hoagy Carmichael, Jelly Roll Morton and George Gershwin.  Highly recommended.
Review: Downbeat
Greg Osby – Minimalism (Inner Circle Music, released 10/7/2023).  Greg Osby – alto saxophone / soprano saxophone, Tal Cohen – piano, Joao Barradas – accordion / midi accordion, Nimrod Speaks – bass, Adam Arruda – drums, Victorija Pilatovic – vocals, Alessandra Diodati – vocals.
Saxophonist Greg Osby became prominent in the 80s with a group of young creative musicians in the M-Base collective (Steve Coleman, Geri Allen, Cassandra Wilson).  He recorded regularly until 2008 and then fifteen years of silence until this 2023 release.  Minimalism is an apt title for this spacious release that is carefully constructed to superimpose different combinations of musicians.  Osby’s skittering phrasing and metric complexity remain, but there is a newly found peace to the music.  Six of the nine compositions are by Osby and his dedications to Wayne Shorter, Andrew Hill and Geri Allen make his allegiances clear.  Recommended.
Reviews: Downbeat, WRTI
Still catching up – more previews next week…. If you know of something that we missed, let me know and I’ll see if we can get it.
Russell Perry, Jazz at 100 Now!
If your music isn’t changing your life, you’ve simply picked the wrong songs. – Ted Gioia
Underwriting WTJU is a way to broadly share information about your business. It’s also a way for your business or organization to gain community-wide recognition for your support of WTJU’s community mission.
Your gift nourishes our community and helps bring people together through music.

2244 Ivy RoadCharlottesville, VA 22903
Copyright 2025 by the Rector and Visitors of the University of Virginia