NFL
The New England Patriots quarterback competition took another turn Sunday night in the team’s 20-10 loss to the Washington Commanders in the preseason finale. It sets up another interesting decision to go with the difficult ones the Pats already have about who will make their initial 53-man roster.
Advertisement
Starter Jacoby Brissett suffered a minor injury to his throwing shoulder, while rookie Drake Maye continued to shine. The offensive line was again horrendous, potentially complicating the quarterback decision.
But in addition to picking between Brissett and Maye, coach Jerod Mayo and the new Patriots brass have some difficult roster choices before cuts are due Tuesday at 4 p.m. ET. So with that in mind, let’s make one final prediction as to what the roster will look like.
(One caveat: The Patriots have the third position in the waiver wire and are expected to be active in looking for help on the offensive and defensive lines and at tight end. So what their roster looks like when cuts come Tuesday isn’t necessarily what it’ll look like when they head to Cincinnati for the opener.)
GO DEEPER
NFL Hope-O-Meter: How optimistic are you about your team in 2024?
In: Jacoby Brissett, Drake Maye, Joe Milton
Out: Bailey Zappe
Everything the Patriots said in recent days indicates that they want Brissett to start the season as the quarterback. That’s both because of his mastery of this playbook and because of how bad the offensive line is. But does the injury to Brissett’s throwing shoulder change that? Probably not, according to Mayo. Has Maye been impressive enough the last two weeks to throw off the plan even if the O-line is bad? The Patriots’ quarterback decision may come Wednesday afternoon when Mayo addresses the media.
In: Rhamondre Stevenson, Antonio Gibson, Kevin Harris, JaMycal Hasty
Out: Terrell Jennings, Deshaun Fenwick
Some years it’s easy to make the case for only keeping three running backs. But the team continues to signal its plans to rank among the most run-happy squads in the NFL, so extra depth here would be wise. Besides, both Harris and Hasty played well enough Sunday to earn roster spots.
.@DrakeMaye2 ➡️ @kevoharris1 for the games first TD!
📺: #NEvsWAS on NBC pic.twitter.com/e64LNCINUg
— New England Patriots (@Patriots) August 26, 2024
In: DeMario Douglas, Ja’Lynn Polk, Tyquan Thornton, K.J. Osborn, Javon Baker, Jalen Reagor
Out: Kayshon Boutte, Kawaan Baker, David Wallis, Matt Landers
PUP: Kendrick Bourne
The final spot here likely comes down to Reagor or Boutte. And while Boutte might be the slightly better receiver, Reagor offers more on special teams, so he gets the nod. With Baker’s play falling off in the second half of training camp, the Patriots will hope that Bourne can return ASAP after he’s eligible (provided he goes on the physically unable to perform list) four games into the season.
Advertisement
In: Hunter Henry, Austin Hooper, Jaheim Bell
Out: Mitchell Wilcox, La’Michael Pettway, Jacob Warren
The choice between Bell and Wilcox is a difficult one. But since neither has really separated himself, the Pats will likely pay attention to cuts at this position around the league. It’s also unclear whether Henry will need to miss the first four games due to his undisclosed injury, which could potentially open him up to being placed on the PUP list.
Pick up The Athletic 2024 Fantasy Football Guide to read expert evaluations & everything you need to know to win your fantasy football league.
Pick up The Athletic 2024 Fantasy Football Guide to read expert evaluations.
In: Vederian Lowe, Sidy Sow, David Andrews, Mike Onwenu, Chukwuma Okorafor, Caedan Wallace, Michael Jordan, Nick Leverett, Layden Robinson, Calvin Anderson
Out: Atonio Mafi, Zuri Henry, Kellen Diesch, Charles Turner, Liam Fornadel
PUP: Cole Strange
Amazingly, the biggest winners of the night for the offensive line were the two who didn’t play: Lowe and Andrews. The last player added to this projection was Anderson after Sow suffered an ankle injury in Sunday’s game. The fact that the team so quickly ruled him out, even in a meaningless game he probably wasn’t going to return to anyway, isn’t a good sign. So with Sow potentially out, the Pats might need additional offensive tackle depth to keep Onwenu at right guard.
Either way, the picture here is grim. The whole group was bad Sunday night. Okorafor had three penalties, Sow got hurt, Robinson was so bad he probably would’ve lost his grip on a starting job without Sow’s injury and Leverett botched multiple snaps. It’s likely going to be a long year for this group. Watch for the team to be active on the waiver wire here.
In: Keion White, Davon Godchaux, Deatrich Wise, Joshua Uche, Anfernee Jennings, Oshane Ximines, Jeremiah Pharms, Trysten Hill, Daniel Ekuale
Out: William Bradley-King, Jotham Russell, Sam Roberts, Armon Watts, Josiah Bronson
Advertisement
Injured reserve: Christian Barmore
The Patriots surprisingly feel OK about this group even after Barmore’s blood clots ruled him out indefinitely and the team traded Matthew Judon. That’s because Ximines, Pharms and Hill all had good training camps.
It’ll also be interesting to see how White fares in Year 2. Can he become a key member of this defense or just a nice rotational piece?
In: Ja’Whaun Bentley, Jahlani Tavai, Raekwon McMillan, Joe Giles-Harris, Christian Elliss
Out: Steele Chambers, Kobe Jones, Christian McCarroll
PUP: Sione Takitaki
The injury to Takitaki seemed important at the outset of camp, but Giles-Harris and Elliss were good enough that the Pats should be OK here. Bentley and Tavai are both very good, and the depth is fine with players who should contribute on special teams.
Joe Giles-Harris bringing the 🏈 the other way
📺: #NEvsWAS on NBC pic.twitter.com/mNFClnzoo4
— New England Patriots (@Patriots) August 26, 2024
In: Christian Gonzalez, Jonathan Jones, Marcus Jones, Marco Wilson, Alex Austin
Out: Marcellas Dial Jr., Isaiah Bolden, Shaun Wade, Azizi Hearn, Mikey Victor
I wanted to keep either Dial, their 2024 sixth-round pick, or Bolden, a seventh-round pick last year. But after Sow’s injury, I went with the extra offensive lineman instead. Wilson and Austin provide decent depth, but this group will be defined by how well its top three options play (and whether they stay healthy).
In: Kyle Dugger, Jabrill Peppers, Dell Pettus, Joshua Bledsoe, Brenden Schooler
Out: Jaylinn Hawkins, A.J. Thomas
Injured reserve: Marte Mapu
For the second straight year, safety is probably the strongest position for the Patriots. Dugger and Peppers form a great duo, while Pettus has the best shot of any undrafted rookie to make the team. Schooler is also a roster lock given his special teams prowess, so it’s just a matter of whether the Patriots want a fifth safety.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Mapu, a 2023 third-round pick, didn’t practice at all during training camp, yielding concern about his development after a disappointing rookie season.
In: Joey Slye, Bryce Baringer, Joe Cardona
Out: Chad Ryland, Tucker Addington
Even though Slye missed both of his attempts Sunday (albeit from 64 and 60 yards) and Ryland made his field goal (from 38 yards), I’m giving a very slight nod to Slye to win the kicking job.
Free, daily NFL updates direct to your inbox.

Free, daily NFL updates direct to your inbox.
(Photo of Kevin Harris: Peter Casey / USA Today)
Chad Graff  is a staff writer for The Athletic covering the New England Patriots since 2022 after five years on the Minnesota Vikings beat. Graff joined The Athletic in January 2018 after covering a bit of everything for the St. Paul Pioneer Press. He won the Pro Football Writers of America’s 2022 Bob Oates Award for beat writing. He's a New Hampshire native and an adjunct professor of journalism at Northeastern University. Follow Chad on Twitter @ChadGraff