News | Jun 2, 2024 
rtann@summitdaily.com
Summit School District leaders are nearing their deadline to pass a spending plan for next school year. 
During a May 30 board of education meeting, chief financial officer Kara Drake presented updates on the proposed 2024-25 school year budget that must be approved by board members by June 30. 
Currently, the biggest piece that remains to be finalized is teacher salaries, which remain under negotiation after hitting an impasse earlier this month. With representatives for the teachers union and district leadership now entering closed-door mediation discussions, it is unclear when a deal will be reached. 
In the meantime, Drake said she has added a 5% salary increase for all employees as a placeholder figure while adding, “The actual outcome of what those changes will look like is dependent upon reaching an agreement in our negotiations.”
Last school year, teachers and district leaders reached an agreement that led to a roughly 12% average increase in teacher salaries, with starting wages for new teachers rising from $50,000 to $52,200. The biggest increases were felt amongst the longest-serving teachers, with some seeing their pay rise from $93,000 to $112,000, based on their graduate credits as well as their tenure. 
Still, in a recent statement shared with the Summit Daily News, union representatives said salaries for new hires are not keeping up with the rate of inflation and questioned why the district cannot invest more in pay amid an increase in K-12 state funding. 
The district, also in a statement, said its salary proposal for the 2024-25 school year was designed to keep base salaries “among the top in rural pay across the state” along with added compensation for bilingual staff and paid parental and bereavement leave. 
The district is expected to see an increase in revenue from changes to the state funding formula, which added $35.9 million to support rural districts, as well as the buydown of the budget stabilization, which has constricted K-12 education funding for years. 
At the same time, general fund spending would rise by $1.7 million for a total of $56.3 million, driven largely by a combination of the 5% salary bump, an increase in the district’s share of health benefit contributions and additional paid pregnancy and bereavement leave, according to Drake.
And despite a rise in property tax revenue this school year and next, much of that is projected to be offset by a decrease in the state government’s share of general fund revenue, which is lowered in years when local funds increase. 
36,000 people get the latest news from us daily. You should, too.
Sign up for daily or weekly newsletters at SummitDaily.com/newsletter
To ensure the district is keeping to its policy of saving 10% or more of general fund revenue in reserves, Drake said all departments have been asked to make a 10% cut in discretionary spending. Additionally, other savings have been identified including delaying or possibly certain downgrading technology upgrades. 
The district is also seeking to make good on a number of priorities presented by stakeholder groups without necessarily needing to add new spending. 
That includes more professional development resources for teachers at the beginning of the school year to meet the needs of students who may be struggling. More consistent implementation of the framework used to meet these students’ needs, known as multi-tiered systems of support, was a top priority for members of the District Accountability Committee. 
Spanish-speaking parents, through participation in groups like Consejo de Familias Hispanas, have pushed for more bilingual staffing in schools as well as better social, emotional and cultural support for their students. 
In response, the district is proposing spending an additional $61,000 next school year to hire an interpreter and translator specifically to assist families of children on individualized education plans. Officials say this, in turn, should free up other school-based translators and interpreters, known as family liaisons. 
“We also heard feedback from our family liaisons that they are spending a lot of time in these (individualized education plan) meetings and are not available for a family if they come in” to the school, Drake said. 
Some Spanish-speaking parents have said the proposal does not go far enough to meet their needs, but district officials have stressed that the additional hire is only one part of the solution. 
Other proposals include pushing for additional pay for bilingual staff, reallocated department spending to provide more call-in translation services as well as purchasing translation devices with current funds. 
“I think there’s a common interest to increase differentiated pay for bilingual and instructional staff,” said Superintendent Tony Byrd. “This is what we think we can do to meet the needs the community brought forward on translation and interpretation.”
A public hearing on the proposed 2024-25 budget will be held during the board’s next meeting on June 6 with final adoption planned for June 20.

May 1, 2025


Apr 28, 2025


Apr 23, 2025


Apr 23, 2025


Apr 19, 2025


May 1, 2025


Apr 30, 2025


Apr 30, 2025


May 2, 2025


May 1, 2025

As a Summit Daily News reader, you make our work possible.
Summit Daily is embarking on a multiyear project to digitize its archives going back to 1989 and make them available to the public in partnership with the Colorado Historic Newspapers Collection. The full project is expected to cost about $165,000. All donations made in 2023 will go directly toward this project.
Every contribution, no matter the size, will make a difference.

GRANTS MANAGER SUMMARY Responsible for the overall management of federal funding opportunities for a non-profit organization to support global conference...


Job Title: Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Location: Keystone Symposia, Silverthorne, CO Salary Range: $200,000 - $220,000 Keystone Symposia is seeking…


Employment Opportunities Summit County Government is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. To view a list of our employment opportunities, review…


Administrative Assistant SUMMARY The Administrative Assistant is a part-time position responsible for in-office HR tasks such as checking time sheets,…


IT Systems and CRM Lead Keystone Symposia is seeking an IT Systems and CRM Lead to join our team. The…


Ladybug Gardening is hiring part-time and full-time seasonal garden and landscape maintenance crew members for the summer season, running from…


Part time position available, full charge bookkeeping and accounting position for small business serving the ski industry, located in Eagle,…


The Upper Blue Sanitation District is seeking a highly motivated individual to be part of a successful professional team. Salary…


Keystone Symposia is a local non-profit organization looking for a Staff Accountant to support our annual portfolio of ~55 scientific…


Government Positions Available / Year-Round Join a fun team with great perks!   Seasonal Positions : • Frisco Marina •…

Sign up for daily and breaking news headlines.
Manage Subscriptions

Jobs


Classifieds


Place Legal Ad


Search Legal Ads


Autos


Real Estate


Rentals


Service Directory


Pets


Merchandise


Legals


Farm and Ranch


Recreation


Announcements


Contact us


About us


Submissions


Submit an Obituary


Submit an event


Submit a request to update a crime story


Summit Daily archive


Magazines


Newsletters


Summit Daily E-Edition


Summit County Journal


AP News


Cookie List


Do not sell my personal information


Commercial Print Sales


RSS


Work for us


Aspen – Snowmass


Craig – Moffat County


Glenwood Springs - Rifle


Steamboat Springs - Routt County


Vail - Eagle County


Winter Park - Granby - Grand County


Printing Press Jobs

©2005 - 2025 Swift Communications, Inc.