New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye. (AP Photo/Greg M. Cooper)AP
FOXBOROUGH - The Patriots completed their practice squad without having a veteran quarterback in the mix.
Does that mean rookie Drake Maye would take over, if starter Jacoby Brissett got hurt?
Coach Jerod Mayo, who dodged when answering that question previously, provided a pretty definitive answer on Monday.
While saying it’s tough for any rookie to come into the league and play at a high level, Maye is on course to eventually be the starter, and would be the next-man-up in the event of an injury to Brissett.
“When we talk about developing a guy like Drake, that is a continuous process,” Mayo said of the team’s third overall pick. “If Jacoby was to get injured in the first week, 1,000%, Drake would be the next guy as the No. 2 quarterback on our roster.”
Mayo was then asked If Brissett went down Week 1, if Maye would be ready to handle it in Week 2?
“Well, he has no other choice,” Mayo answered. “He’s our second-string quarterback.”
Rookie QB Joe Milton III, the team’s sixth-round pick, is also on the roster, but is further behind.
As for the decision to start Brissett over Maye, Mayo said he had no regrets how he handled the QB competition even though he said the rookie had “outplayed” the veteran. He was also asked about coming in Wednesday last week, saying a decision was made, but didn’t announce it until Thursday in a 69-second press conference.
“I will say, I think I was explicit about it in speaking to you guys how I thought about the process,” Mayo said. “There was a lot of push: ‘You’ve got to name a quarterback; you’ve got to name a quarterback.’ But I did think it was important to talk to the team about the decision. I thought it was important to talk to those two quarterbacks individually and then both combined. Before I came out here and told you guys, I just thought that was the right thing to do for the New England Patriots.”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices