Patriots' Head Coach Jerod Mayo named rookie Drake Maye as his starting quarterback against the Houston Texans at home at Gillette Stadium. It's a major and welcome change for the Pats as they try to reroute a season on the verge of collapse.
Standing at 1-4 after winning their first game, the Pats are trending downward. They now occupy sole possession of last place in the AFC East after losing to a very beatable Miami Dolphins in their last game also at Gillette Stadium.
So now Coach Mayo and Patriot Nation turn their lonely eyes to the rookie to see if he can infuse some energy into an offense that has been languishing for over a year. It's a tall task, but let's predict how the rookie will perform in his first all-out gambit against a solid NFL team with a very good defense.
Coach Mayo correctly surmised that his offense (and team overall) needed a boost from somewhere to try to revive a season on the brink. The clear, obvious, and only real option was to throw any caution to the wind and let the precocious rookie have the reins of the offense, no matter who thinks he's "not ready."
Maye will immediately give the team an emotional lift. Not playing a player who won the title to the quarterback's job in summer camp is a terrible optic for the coach and a morale crusher for the other players.  It's no surprise that talk of a "mutiny" emerged.
That coaching gaffe impeded the team's perceived ability to win and threw a wrench into thoughts of a meritocracy at the team's most important position.  Maye's starting solves all those issues, and restores or creates an equilibrium that the whole team will appreciate.
In the passing game, Maye will have a solid game but won't rewrite any record books. It's too much to expect. Too many factors, like a sieve-like offensive line, a barely serviceable wide receiver corps, and his lack of game experience, stand in the way.
Regardless, expect a passing performance along these lines. He'll notch a completion percentage of around 55 percent and will complete a downfield attempt or two. He'll garner about 200-225 passing yards in the process, a clear improvement over any previous game this season.
And critically importantly, he'll throw for a touchdown pass or two, perhaps equalling the previous five games' total of two.  Expect the rookie to take a few sacks, maybe three or four. It is what it is with this offensive line. 
Whatever the final numbers, Maye's pocket-escapability, cannon arm, and ability to make any throw from anywhere will help open things up for New England's passing game and the run.
The rookie's mobility and pocket-escapability are a huge improvement over Jacoby Brissett. He'll scramble and throw on the run for completions on broken plays. Also, a scripted running play or two utilizing his top athleticism will help keep the Texans' defense on its toes. 
The Patriots should run to set up the pass, not the reverse. Pound the ball and then, if successful, rotate in plays to keep the defense honest. These should include the forgotten draw play and lots of play-action.  
If they exist in the Patriots' vanilla Cleveland offensive playbook, a solid dose of deception using RPO and trick plays makes perfect sense.  Using the threat, if not the reality of Maye's superb running ability, can freeze the defense and allow him to unleash a pass.  The offense is too basic and predictable. Infusing more inventive play-calling is key to reversing the Pats' offensive fortunes. 
Finally, all the previously mentioned changes will allow Maye to use his ample running ability spontaneously and in scripted plays to churn up valuable yardage on the ground. Maye is slated here to run up 50-65 yards or so. If strategically placed on drives, they could be pivotal. 
These are predictions for Drake Maye's first start in the NFL.  They are a bit ambitious in the passing yardage area but attainable. Will it be enough to win? That's another question altogether. Yet, one thing is certain: Maye gives the Texans' defense much more to think about than before the change. 
That alone helps immensely. Expect a solid performance from Drake Maye and maybe a result of 2-4 on the season for the reeling Pats. Mayo made the right decision, all the naysaying notwithstanding. Drake Maye gives the team its best chance to net an upset win. Isn't that what it's all about?
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.