The Chicago Bears have become extremely powerful leading up to the 2024 NFL Draft. Their command over the first pick in the draft gives them an incredible amount of leverage over any team that decides they absolutely must have their No. 1 choice in the first round. 
One such team, the Washington Commanders, could use that pick to draft their quarterback of the future in former Heisman Trophy winner Caleb Williams. However, according to NFL insider Ian Rapoport, the Bears will be seeking “historic compensation” and a “crazy” number of picks in exchange for their first overall selection.
To trade their first-round selection to the Carolina Panthers last year, the Chicago Bears received wide receiver D.J. Moore, the ninth overall pick in the first round, the 61st overall pick in the second round, a 2024 first-round pick and a 2025 second-round pick for the first overall pick. 
So in total, the Bears got a veteran former first-round weapon, two first-round picks and two second-round picks, all so that the Panthers could take Bryce Young at No. 1. Now, they’re supposedly wanting even more than that for, presumably, Williams.  It’s a risky move for any team, especially after C.J. Stroud proved with the Texans in Year 1 that he could have, in actuality, been the better choice for No. 1 overall last draft, making Carolina’s choice look ill-advised.
ESPN draft guru Mel Kiper believes Washington could take the risk and bet it all on Williams. If the Commanders love the USC star and think he is far and away the top player in the draft, Kiper says Washington should give up anything to land him.
“If they feel Caleb Williams is significantly better than Jayden Daniels or Drake Maye, then you try to make that move. Because it’s all about quarterbacks,” Kiper said. “Nobody’s going to care about those other picks you give up if you would get that elite quarterback. And they have a lot of talent on this football team.
“If they added a quarterback like Caleb Williams, who was a local product from Gonzaga High School, where I watched him play at the prep level here in this area. Do they want to go that route? … Giving up a lot to go up one spot and get Caleb. It all depends on the difference between Caleb and the No. 2 quarterback.”
Kiper has Caleb Williams ahead of both LSU quarterback Jayden Daniels and North Carolina QB Drake Maye, but not by much.
“I think the gap right now isn’t that significant,” Kiper said. “I would sit at 2 and look at Jayden Daniels. That’s my opinion. Drake Maye would be the third quarterback, which would mean he would fall right in the lap of the New England Patriots. If the gap’s huge, you make the move. If it’s not, you don’t. I don’t think it will be enough to make that move.”
This article first appeared on 5 GOATs and was syndicated with permission.
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!