Drake Bell reveals song from 2005 debut album hinted towards sexual abuse. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File)Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP
After coming forward about being sexually abused by his former dialogue coach while a beloved Nickelodeon teen star, Drake Bell took to social media over the weekend and shared that he hinted about the horrific abuse in a song on his debut album.
As previously reported, the abuse and trauma were chronicled in the recent docuseries “Quiet on the Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV.”
In a heart-wrenching TikTok video, the 37-year-old “Drake & Josh” actor revealed that a song from the 2005 album “Telegraph,” entitled “The End,” included lyrics centered on the abuse he endured when he was 15.
“Wrote this song when I was 15 about what happened before I said anything to anyone,” Bell captioned the one-minute video, where he’s seen holding his head with one arm and staring elsewhere as the track’s lyrics play in the background.
“Wake up/ It’s time to get your things together and drive away/ ‘Breathe out, future days will treat you better’/ That’s what they say,” the song goes. “Another day gone without a say/ But it’s okay if you turn around/ And feel the memories bringin’ you down.”
Even though the song never mentions the abuse, upon reflection, the chorus is rather dark.
“Wake up/ The monsters in your head have left you/ All to yourself, it’s alright/ If ugly little things remind you of how it felt,” the song continues. “Another day, no one tells you what it means/ What’s in your way and poisonin’ your dreams/ The darkest place that you’ve ever been.”
Fans flocked to the comment section to express support for the actor and musician.
“I can tell you’re still healing from this all. Take your time Drake,” one user wrote.
“It finally clicked why throughout the years he would lash out and get so mad at us still connecting him to “Drake & Josh.” The trauma we never knew!” another user wrote.
“Hurts me to know you were in this much pain and no one had any idea,” another user shared.
“Drake.. reliving this all over again has to be so overwhelming for you Take everything a day at a time. Know you are heard and so loved what a beautiful song,” another commenter said.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices