The New England Patriots 2024 season is on the brink. They eked out a win against the Jets on October 27 yet they still stand at 2-6 with questionable playoff hopes, especially if Drake Maye is out for any appreciable time. So, what should the team do now in light of the impending November 5 trade deadline? Should they buy or sell? 
Whether Maye is out injured or not, the Patriots' personnel management team should take a sensible approach to the trade deadline. Regardless, it's still time to sell, sell, sell. Another question is whether this group has the acumen to embark on that effectively. 
Since taking over from Bill Belichick earlier this year, they have done little positive except draft Drake Maye. Gaffes such as leaving the team without any left tackles or a No. One receiver have defined what is thus far a shoddy 2024 campaign.
Even if Maye returns right away, the thought here is the team should empty the cupboard of multiple players who may garner a draft pick and who won't be sorely missed. Here, we'll offer several who can be placed on that list.
The Patriots' defense was correctly advertised as the team's strength before the season. Unfortunately, the health issue of its best defensive lineman, Christian Barmore, an injury to its best linebacker, Ja'Whaun Bentley, and the truly awful trade of the team's best player, edge Matt Judon have left it lacking. 
Marginal, and higher-paid players who can reap any draft pick at all, if any are of interest to another team, should be traded. Two who can be traded are underperforming defensive linemen, Davon Godchaux and Deatrich Wise Jr. 
Godchaux's cap hit this year is a whopping $9.3M.  He's a one-dimensional run-stuffer on a poor run-stopping team. The Pats rank 24th in rushing defense according to statmuse.com. Godchaux's 2024 stats after eight games are 29 total stops, one pass defended, a quarterback hit, and no tackles for loss. A fifth-round pick would be a gift. 
Wise is similarly expendable. His cap hit is $7.6M.  Wise's 2024 stats are similarly lackluster thus far. He has a mere 17 total tackles, three tackles for loss, three quarterback hits, and two sacks to his credit. Combine his and Godchaux's salaries and you can finance a solid defensive lineman.
Maybe the hope of greater production will attract attention for Wise from a contending team with an injury at the defensive end. If so, if they offer a fifth or sixth-round pick for him, take the pick and run. As with Godchaux, there won't be much decline in production.
In addition, Jonathan Jones is a decent cornerback but he's getting up in years. He has only one pass defended this season. He should be dealt if the team can get a fifth or sixth-rounder for him. Take whatever pick you can get, let the young corners play, and get them ready for 2025. 
Edge player Anferneee Jennings can also be shipped out if the Pats can get anything at all in return.  Uche has only two sacks in seven games and was shipped off for a future sixth-rounder, so while Jennings has half a sack, he might garner that or less. Still, it's more draft capital.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.