U.S. Drought Monitor data identifying the counties in Montana with the worst droughts as of June 27, 2024. 
Editor's note: This story was updated at 9:15 p.m. Saturday.
The McElwain fire by McElwain Creek 6 miles west of Helmville in Powell County is at 176 acres, state officials said Saturday evening.
It is 0% contained and its cause remains undetermined, officials said.
The fire, reported 12:42 p.m. Friday, is burning in grass and timber on private and Bureau of Land Management property under Montana Department of Natural Resources and Conservation (DNRC) wildland fire protection, the DNRC said. It is comprised of two adjacent fires, a north fire, and a south fire. Officials estimated the cost of fighting the fire so far at $10,000.
The McElwain fire by McElwain Creek 6 miles west of Helmville in Powell County is at 107 acres, state officials said Saturday.
A control line has been established by heavy equipment around the south fire and work will continue Saturday to improve that line. Access to the north fire is difficult for heavy equipment, so firefighters will also be focusing on improving that, the DNRC said.
A Type 3 incident commander and resources four engines, one Type 2 hand crew, two water tenders, three skidgines, two dozers, and one Type 2 DNRC helicopter are assigned to the blaze.
State officials said weather Saturday will be partly cloudy with slight chance of showers. They said hazy conditions in the afternoon are expected with temperatures in the mid-70s with westerly winds ranging from 5-15 mph. Higher relative humidity in the area was expected to help moderate fire behavior. Winds are expected to decrease Sunday, which will also be welcome news for firefighters, the DNRC said. 
The Powell County Sheriff’s Office has issued evacuation warnings to residents in the immediate area of the fire, specifically the Ledger Road area. Officials said this is a limited warning. Powell County is now in Stage 1 fire restrictions.
This map shows active fires in the Helmville area.
Also burning nearby, the Hoodoo fire is a two- to three-acre lightning-caused fire on Hoodoo Mountain southeast of Helmville burning in heavy dead and down timber in steep and difficult to access terrain, the DNRC said. Strong winds prohibited delivery of aerial firefighters (heli-rappelers and smokejumpers) Friday, but bucket drops by a Type 2 helicopter as weather allowed were able to dampen the fire.
Fire managers are planning to use heli-rappelers (firefighters who rappel out of a helicopter near the fire) to fight the fire if weather conditions allow.
The McElwain fire is burning in grass and timber on private and Bureau of Land Management property.
The Weasel Fire, just west of the McElwain Fire, is another suspected lightning start and is 0.1 acres, the DNRC said. Firefighters are still working to access that fire from the ground. Both fires are on BLM land under DNRC wildland fire protection.
Another fire south of Elevation Mountain in the Top O’ Deep area was detected earlier Saturday and resources are enroute.
Residents and visitors are asked to be extra careful when outdoors to limit human caused sparks. Visit www.MTFireInfo.org for fire restriction information and fire prevention tips.
Reach Phil Drake at phil.drake@helenair.com or 406-231-9021.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
U.S. Drought Monitor data identifying the counties in Montana with the worst droughts as of June 27, 2024. 
The 184,127 acre Remington fire (287 square miles), saw extreme behavior on Saturday including wind-driven runs, torching and spotting mostly …
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.