The first episode of the new offseason edition of Hard Knocks gave us a peak into how the New York Giants go about scouting and deciding which players they would like to sign. The biggest takeaway from week one was how the Giants went about handling the running back room, potentially misreading Saquon Barkley's market. 
The second episode was focused entirely on the NFL Combine with the following being the biggest takeaways.
Drake Maye was compared in the scouting room to Daniel Jones personality-wise. which is interesting as it was reported that the Giants were interested in Maye. The Giants also went in-depth on Caleb Williams, Jayden Daniels, and JJ McCarthy. 
One of the Giants scouts said that the biggest thing the Giants look at is how the player would fit within the organization personality-wise. Malik Nabers was described in the room as highly competitive and passionate. It was fascinating to see the team say that they wanted to get around Nabers to see if they could work with his personality which was something they didn't say about any of the other players shown.
The biggest storyline Hard Knocks is going to follow is the decision to allow Saquon Barkley to sign with Philadelphia. Before the combine, Schoen went through mock questions with the Giants press team about questions he may get regarding Barkley. Schoen told the media the franchise tag wasn't off the table, even though we now know that is something he didn't consider.
Joe Schoen then gave an incredibly eye-opening answer when they asked him how he'd handle the rebuttal of Barkley saying he didn't want to play on the tag:
This comes off as incredibly petty by Joe Schoen and raises the question of whether Joe Schoen let Saquon walk this spring because he was spurned last offseason by Saquon Barkley.
One thing the New York Giants asked every quarterback to do was draw their favorite passing play before explaining it to the coaching staff. 
The quarterback that seemingly impressed Daboll the most was Drake Maye with how he was able to digest information. The Giants met with Caleb Wiliams as well who was seemingly impressive in the room.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.