October 25, 2024
11:46 AM
Photo by Taylor Hill/FilmMagic
RZA of the legendary Wu-Tang Clan believes Kendrick Lamar and Drake are two sides of the lyrical coin. 
During an interview with Complex, the “C.R.E.A.M.” emcee was asked whether he thought the two artists could ever mend their relationship following their musical showdown this year, which many considered a win for K Dot.
RZA replied by contrasting the two rappers in terms of their lyricism.
"First of all, Kendrick is the natural lyricist, and Drake is a trained lyricist," he explained. "You could train a fighter, and he could be good, but then you have those natural fighters who also go through training. So that’s a different chamber there. And while Drake got bars forever, Kendrick’s bars’ potency was stronger."
While he respects Drake, RZA believes the rapper may not have been fully prepared for a lyrical battle against someone like K Dot. “The battle bar-for-bar was something that was just not good advising on Drake's camp in the sense of just getting in that fight without really taking some more training for that,” he explained. 
RELATED: RZA Proves Hip-Hop Artists Can Master Any Genre with New Classical Album
“When Kendrick wrote the letter to his son or his daughter and to his [mother], Kendrick is going to come like that. Nas, Kendrick, Eminem, Raekwon—certain people are going to break your shit down to the element.”
The epic feud has largely simmered in recent months, at least in terms of musical releases. K Dot released an untitled track on Instagram last month, but it focused more on the state of hip-hop culture and the reactions to his announcement about performing at the Super Bowl Halftime Show next year rather than addressing the “Family Matters” emcee directly.
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.