It's the medieval family run farm which boasts an array of luxury accommodation for guests and milk vending machines. 


  Michelmersh Manor Farm , set in idyllic surroundings in the heart of the Test Valley at Michelmersh, has opened up its doors to visitors with accommodation which includes rooms, shepherds huts and barn conversions.


  The farm has a range of historic luxury accommodation with all kinds of opportunities for guests to explore farm life at its best and enjoy walking, as well as other outdoor activities.


READ MORE: Rare animal returns to the New Forest after decades of absence


  Michelmersh sells the milk that it produces in vending machines. This delicious fresh whole milk is also made into milkshakes.


  There are 300 cows which are milked using five state-of-the-art milking machines, 200 sheep as well as chickens, guinea fowl, peacocks, and horses. A new addition is a rare breed of English goat called Mini.


  Various crops are grown throughout the year and visitors can even help with the lambing and watch the cows being milked. 


  There's lots on offer close to the farm, including plenty of walking routes leading straight from the front door. And Fran Drake, who co-runs Michelmersh, has created a booklet for visitors, celebrating the very best of the Test Valley, including gentle ambles, full day walks, walks to a range of pubs and back and local places to visit by car. 


  The farm is making a big effort to reduce its carbon footprint. planting more legumes such as clovers which help improve soil fertility and reduce greenhouse gases. It has also reduced its use of chemical fertiliser by 50 per cent and hasn't used any insecticides for the last 3 years.


  Fran Drake said: "We felt from the outset that it was important to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions and do our bit for the planet. So, visitors can have a fabulous break and know where they are staying is a sustainable option. That means so much to people these days."


  Self-catering accommodation includes Bluebells, Foxglove and The Manor, set within the medieval farmhouse, two shepherd huts, and two historic barn conversions.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.