Tom Holland's life changed astronomically when he made his Marvel debut eight years ago.
Holland, 27, has since become one of the most recognizable and bankable young stars in Hollywood. Here's a breakdown of how the British actor makes and spends his money.
According to Variety, Holland's asking price was less than $1 million for his film roles pre-MCU. That all changed when he was cast as Marvel's friendly neighborhood Spider-Man.
Now, he's part of three of the top 10 highest-grossing films of all time, all of which crossed over $1 billion at the box office: "Avengers: Endgame," "Avengers: Infinity War," and "Spider-Man: No Way Home."
Holland made his debut as Spider-Man in the 2016 ensemble movie "Captain America: Civil War," which earned more than $1 billion worldwide. The following year, he starred in his first stand-alone superhero movie, "Spider-Man: Homecoming." He returned for two more sequels, "Spider-Man: Far From Home" (2019) and "Spider-Man: No Way Home" (2021) — in addition to his appearances in the two aforementioned "Avengers" films.
According to Variety's 2021 estimate, Holland could make anywhere from $2 million to $5 million for an indie film and from $5 million to $10 million for a leading role in a major studio film. He could command even more from a streamer: the magazine estimates he could rake in as much as $20 million for a role if the streamer has "money to burn."
In addition to earning a hefty salary for his roles, the actor also gets bonuses based on how well Marvel movies perform at the box office. As "The White Lotus" star Tom Hollander recently revealed during an appearance on "Late Night With Seth Meyers," the "Spider-Man" actor was previously paid handsomely in seven-figure bonus checks.
According to Hollander, the accounting department at his agency mixed up him and Holland, and he accidentally received a hefty paycheck meant for the Marvel star.
"It was an astonishing amount of money," Hollander said. "It was not his salary. It was his first box-office bonus. Not the whole box-office bonus, the first one. And it was more money than I'd ever [seen]. It was a seven-figure sum."
Holland starred in the films "The Current War" (2017), "The Devil All the Time" (2020), "Chaos Walking" (2021), and "Cherry" (2021). He also did voice work for "Spies in Disguise" (2019), "Dolittle" (2020), and "Onward" (2020).
His most profitable theatrical film was the 2022 adaptation of "Uncharted," based on the popular video game series of the same name. The movie costarred Mark Wahlberg and grossed over $407 million worldwide. In addition to portraying Nathan Drake, Holland served as an executive producer.
More recently, he starred in and executive-produced the 2023 Apple TV+ miniseries "The Crowded Room," based on Daniel Keyes' biography "The Minds of Billy Milligan."
In addition to being the face of Prada's spring/summer 2022 menswear collection, Holland has also starred in a handful of commercials. He appeared in character as Peter Parker and Nathan Drake in separate commercials for Hyundai, in addition to an Audi ad timed to the release of "Homecoming."
You may have seen him in an ad for the video game "Final Fantasy," too.
The Dogpound, an exclusive, high-end gym, boasts celebrity clients like Holland, Hugh Jackman, and Addison Rae.
In 2022, The Hollywood Reporter revealed that Holland joined the New York and Los Angeles-based gym as an investor. It's unclear how much money was involved in the deal, but Dogpound told THR that the actor "will contribute his valuable insight into the strategy, expansion, and future partnerships."
Holland grew up in West London and still lives there with brothers Sam, a professional chef; Harry, an aspiring filmmaker; and drama school friends Harrison Osterfield and Tuwaine Barrett.
"We have the most timid version of what a frat house would be," Holland said on the "Smartless" podcast in 2023. "We're all obsessed with golf, we get early nights, and we're on the tee early in the morning."
"It's a pretty harmonious experience," he added. "Everyone does their bit, we look after the house."
According to The Daily Mail, Holland's home is worth $3 million and the two-year renovations cost seven figures.
The actor confirmed that the modifications concluded during his "Smartless" interview, telling cohosts Jason Bateman, Will Arnett, and Sean Hayes that the property has been expanded and there's room for extra company.
Holland's car collection includes a Porsche Taycan Turbo S, which costs around $196,500, and a silver Audi that's reportedly valued at $125,000.
The still-untitled fourth "Spider-Man" movie has been confirmed to be in the works since 2021, but details are sparse. Progress was delayed by the 2023 writers' and actors' strikes.
If Variety's 2021 report is accurate, Holland's next stand-alone Spidey payday could likely be eight figures.
Jump to