"I be at New Ho King eatin' fried rice with a dip sauce and a blammy, crodie," he raps on the Drake diss.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	Business is boomin’ for New Ho King. The Chinese restaurant referenced by Kendrick Lamar on “Euphoria” is looking to capitalize on the spotlight by naming a special meal after K. Dot.

	Last week, food blogger @insta.noodls pulled up to New Ho King in Toronto to order the “Kendrick Lamar Special” and tried out the fried rice with the dip sauce for himself that the Compton rapper rhymed about on “Euphoria.”

	In addition to the late-night grub spot in the 6’s signature fried rice, he’s also served spicy fried chicken wings, fried shrimp, and a beef and broccoli dish. The price of the four-plate meal? $66 before tax and tip.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The restaurant has reportedly seen a surge in orders since Lamar rapped on the bristling Drake diss track: “I be at New Ho King eatin’ fried rice with a dip sauce and a blammy, crodie.”

	A server from the eatery relayed to The Guardian: “We’ve been selling a lot of fried rice. A lot. Most people come here to order it.”

	While New Ho King lies in the Downtown district of Drake’s hometown, the owners are appreciative of the new business thanks to Lamar’s name-drop. 

	“I see, Kendrick’s a good guy. Oh my God!” New Ho King owner Johnny Lu told CityNews.

	Fans are coming from all over Canada to give New Ho King a try as its become a city attraction. “I came all the way from Markham just to see this fried rice,” one fan said. “Kendrick Lamar, man. You gotta pay respect to K. Dot, man. Ever since he dropped the diss track I was like, ‘I gotta visit this place.’”

	“Euphoria” shot up to No. 3 on the latest Billboard Hot 100 in its first full week of tracking following a debut at No. 11. It was an animosity-filled Hot 100 top 10 with K. Dot’s Mustard-produced “Not Like Us” debuting atop the chart, while Drake’s “Family Matters” response slotted in at No. 7. 

	Watch fans make the trip to New Ho King and try the Kendrick Lamar Special below.
The Kendrick Lamar Special at New Ho King #kendricklamar #drake #newhoking #friedrice #chinesefood @blogTO 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.