Tyrese Haliburton doesn’t know exactly why, but he’s quickly become the unofficial DJ for the Indiana Pacers. Actually, once he’s thought about it a little bit more, it’s most likely from the immense influence of those closest to him. Particularly his family.
Haliburton’s music education began in the passenger seat of his dad’s (John) car. Growing up, friends and family would make CDs for John filled with his favorite hits, like Akon’s “Locked Up,” which Haliburton can recite word for word. “The first song and the last song were always the same, so if he had a song that was his song at the time, he would play it 24/7,” Tyrese tells SLAM. “I listened to a lot of old school music, and I think the love for that comes from being in the car with my dad growing up.”
When he was 8, surrounded by the influence of his older brother and his friends, Haliburton was put onto Drake and J. Cole, both of whom were in the midst of their early mixtape days. Well before the Grammy award-winning artists reached their prime and stood at the pinnacle of the rap game, Haliburton was bopping his head to their earliest hits.
For first-time All-Star, SLAM cover star and music guru Tyrese Haliburton, he’s officially stamped the NBA with a new pace of play, relative to the groundbreaking release of Drake’s 2011 Take Care. But sitting inside of a vehicle with the music blasting hasn’t been the young point guard’s primary listening experience as of late, instead opting for the recently released Bose Ultra Open Earbuds.
As his daily routine revolves around traveling, practices, shootarounds and training sessions, Haliburton’s taste in music has shifted from playing his favorites on the aux in the car to the superior quality of Bose’s latest innovation that comfortably wraps around his ears.
“I’ve always wanted to wear earbuds when I’m working out or when I’m shooting, but I’m always scared they’re gonna fall out,” Haliburton says. “I like that they hook around your ear, that allows them to stay in your ear. You still get the sound, but that way whoever I’m shooting with, I can hear what they’re saying and still be locked in and listening to music at the same time.”
Earlier this season, Haliburton was able to put the earbuds to the test during his pre-game routine. He immediately noticed how comfortably they fit while refusing to shake loose from his ears despite running through a number of step-backs, spin moves and pick & roll scenarios. Up until that point, he had steered away from rocking earbuds on the court with trainers and coaches running him through drills. Now, he has a product he can trust.
“I like to know what’s around me, my surroundings and things like that,” Haliburton tells SLAM. “When I’m with my teammates and I’ve got my earbuds in, I still want to be able to hear what people are talking about.”
Launched on February 15, the Bose Ultra Open Earbuds lay down another bridge for the vast connections between the game and fashion. Featuring an innovative, cuff-shaped design that boasts soft edges and a luminous finish, the white earbuds have become a staple in Haliburton’s daily life.
“I like that they’re unique in the way that they look and they’re not how everything else looks; I think that’s what makes them cool for me,” Haliburton says.
Music means memories for Tyrese. Every song, album and lyric holds an impression in his mind, attaching core memories to each one. Drake’s 2016 project “Views” transports him back to his high school days at Oshkosh North; “Come Thru” off Nothing Was the Same transcends all options. But don’t get it twisted. Tyrese grew up on the classics, too.
“It’s a mix of plenty of things,” Haliburton says with a wide grin, reminiscing on those childhood drives with his dad. He begins listing off the names of legends; Erykah Badu, John B., Usher, Mario, Mary J, Keisha Cole. And then the King of Pop comes up. “I’m a big Michael Jackson guy. I throw that on sometimes, too. I think music has a really good way of taking us back to a time.”
Don’t take our word for it though…If you’re planning on being in Indianapolis for All-Star Weekend, make sure to keep an eye out on our social channels for SLAM’s upcoming scavenger hunt where you could get the chance to try out the Ultra Open Earbuds for yourself.