Politics
Business
Faith & Culture
Sports
Radio
Menu
×
Politics
Business
Faith & Culture
Sports
About Us
Team
Events
Radio Network

News

—
Update 4:21 p.m. — McCollough has resigned from Auburn City Schools.
A middle school teacher in Alabama who frequently performs at drag shows is under scrutiny after broadcasting his mission to educate students about gender and sexuality. The report was originally posted on X by Libs of TikTok:
Meet Seth McCollough, a middle school teacher at @AuburnCityEdu who’s also a drag queen.
McCollough says that he wants kids to ask him questions about gender & s*x that they can’t ask their parents. He says he could be terminated if the “wrong parent” found out what he’s doing.… pic.twitter.com/xmSH9kWr5O
— Libs of TikTok (@libsoftiktok) July 10, 2024
Seth McCollough, a teacher at Drake Middle School in Auburn, said on a recent podcast that he wants kids to ask him questions about gender and sex that they can’t ask their parents.
“So the only thing that I’m ever really worried about if the wrong parent finds out and the wrong parent makes a big enough stink, that I probably won’t have a job anymore,” McCollough said on his “Bleau Dreams” podcast.
McCollough said he’s not able to answer certain questions at school so he asks kids listening to his podcast to submit questions to his email.
“But why this podcast? If you can help the youth why not do it at school? Well, you see, I have students ask me all the time,” he said. “How did you know you were gay? And I feel like I can’t have those conversations at school because my hands are tied. But here, I can help whoever with whatever advice they need.”
He also advised students to “cut the toxic people out,” including parents, of their lives.
“Auburn City Schools does not comment on matters related to personnel,” the district said in a statement to Yellowhammer News, deferring instead to an attorney representing the ACS Board of Education.
McCollough’s teacher listing page on the district’s website was removed by midday on Wednesday. Prior to its removal, the Auburn City Schools website indicated McCollough teaches “Music Exploratory” at Drake Middle School.
Although no Alabama elected officials have yet spoken about the situation, U.S. Congressman Chip Roy (R-Texas) referred to it as a “major issue” and called for action from the state’s top lawmakers:
This is a major story – woke trans indoctrination in schools deep red Auburn, Alabama.  @TTuberville @KatieBrittforAL @RepBarryMoore @Riley_Gaines_ @ChoooCole https://t.co/6wHXw9OETH
— Chip Roy (@chiproytx) July 10, 2024
McCullough also spoke out against legislation that would require teachers and school administrators to inform parents if a student comes out as transgender.
“There’s a proposed legislation to require teachers to out trans students to the parents,” he says, “and I’ll be the first one to tell you that they can eat my s**t on that bill, because I would never out one of my students.”
Yaffee is a contributing writer to Yellowhammer News and hosts “The Yaffee Program” weekdays 9-11 a.m. on WVNN. You can follow him on X @Yaffee


Bud McLaughlin — 5 hours ago




Yaffee — 21 hours ago




Grayson Everett — February 12, 2025




Yaffee — November 22, 2024




Austen Shipley — September 16, 2024




Brandon Moseley — April 26, 2024




Brandon Moseley — April 01, 2024




Yaffee — March 14, 2024


Next Post
Yellowhammer News is Alabama’s preeminent outlet for news, analysis and much more. We are committed to delivering the news in a manner that reflects the state of Alabama, its people and their values.
Privacy Policy
Corrections Policy
Fact Checking Policy
Ownership
Contact Editors
Advertising
© 2025 Yellowhammer News