Photo: Getty Images
Drake didn't waste any time in dropping his response to Kendrick Lamar's "6:16 in L.A." On Friday, May 3, The Boy released the official music video for his third diss track aimed at KDot called "Family Matters." On the seven-minute song, Drake picks up where "Push Ups" left off. Not only does Drake address Kendrick Lamar's previous shots but he also makes new accusations. At one point, he claims Lamar put his hands on his partner Whitney, Dave Free is the father of one of KDot's kids and his cousin Baby Keem was a ghostwriter on their song "Family Ties." He also speaks directly Metro Boomin, The Weeknd, A$AP Rocky, Rick Ross and Future. 
"Why you never hold your son and say cheese?/We coulda left the kids outta this, don't blame me," Drake spits. "You a dog and you know it, you just play sweet/Your baby mama captions always screamin, 'save me'/You did her dirty all her life, you tryna make peace/I heard that one of them little kids might be Dave Free,Don't make it dave freeze/Cause if your GM is your BM secret BD/Then this is all making plenty f**kin' sense to me." Drizzy teased the release a few hours before by posting a scene from The Equalizer 2 where Denzel Washington's character says "I’m going to kill each and every one of you and the only disappointment in it for me is that I only get to do it once." His latest diss comes just hours after Kendrick Lamar shared his second diss track this week. In it, the pgLang co-founder speaks directly to Drake and claims there's a rat inside his OVO camp. He also fires stray shots at DJ Akademiks, who's been relaying messages from Drake throughout their beef, and Zack Bia, who recently opened up for the Canadian artist for his during his "It's All A Blur Tour" last year. "6:16 in L.A." appears to be a quintuple entendre that refers to Drizzy's signature timestamp tracks plus Canadian father's day, 2Pac's birthday, the debut of HBO's "Euphoria" and the murder trial of O.J. Simpson — all of which happened on June 16. In fact, the cover art for KDot's diss track features black gloves, which may be a reference to the gloves O.J. had to try on during the trial. The song also comes days after Kendrick unleashed "Euphoria." His response to "Push Ups" and "Taylor Made Freestyle" is also filled with numerous lyrical jabs at the "First Person Shooter" rapper. Watch the official music video for Drake's "Family Matters" below.