New England Patriots quarterback Drake Maye (10) reacts after a touchdown during the second half of an NFL football game against the Indianapolis Colts, Sunday, Dec. 1, 2024, in Foxborough, Mass. The Indianapolis Colts won 25-24.AP Photo/Greg M. Cooper
FOXBOROUGH – Eliot Wolf entered the 2024 offseason with a laundry list of needs for his Patriots team.
As it turns out, he’ll enter the 2025 offseason with a list equally as long.
As this season has unfolded, a few things have become clear. The Patriots have the quarterback of the future with Drake Maye. Drafting the rookie with the No. 3 overall pick set the Patriots up with a promising player at the most important position in the NFL.
Other than that, Wolf’s first draft class, and free agent class, didn’t go as planned. The Patriots went into last offseason needing offensive tackles. They’ll head into this offseason likely needing two starting tackles. The same goes for the receiver position. The Patriots struck out on free agent Calvin Ridley and trade target Brandon Aiyuk. Right now, drafted players such as Ja’Lynn Polk and Javon Baker haven’t made an impact.
This season has only shined a light on the multiple issues this underwhelming Patriots roster has. A big issue is the lack of elite talent. When looking over the roster, only a small handful of players emerge as true building blocks for a better future.
When identifying players who will help the Patriots get back on the right track, we factor in ability, potential, and those aged 25 or younger. Here’s a look:
Drake Maye, 22, has been better than advertised. He has a special blend of size and athleticism. He’s also more accurate than originally anticipated (tied for eighth in the NFL in completion percentage). His 68.5 completion percentage is on track to beat Dak Prescott’s rookie record of 67.8. On the ground, he’s averaging 8.5 yards per rush. The highest average for a quarterback in the NFL is 8.5 by Michael Vick in 2006. Simply put – Maye special is the most promising building block this franchise has seen in a long time.
The Patriots have a No. 1 cornerback with Gonzalez. The 22-year-old looks like a draft steal and, incredibly, lasted until pick 17 in the 2023 draft. This season, he has two interceptions and 11 passes defended. However, his incredible performance goes beyond those numbers. This season, opposing quarterbacks have completed 39% of their passes with Gonzalez in coverage. That’s an elite number. He’s routinely shutdown opposing teams No. 1 receivers this season.
This has sort of been a lost season for Barmore. The 25-year-old was set back due to being diagnosed with blood clots in his lungs this summer. That forced him to miss all of training camp and the first 10 games of the season. After playing in the last four games, Barmore was placed back on the reserve list after experiencing recurring symptoms. In 2023, however, it was seen that Barmore’s one of the most promising players on this roster. He led that team in sacks (8.5), quarterback hits (16) and tackles for loss (13). He has the ability to be a game-changer for the defense.
White, 25, had a slow rookie season. This year, he’s emerged as the Patriots best pass rusher. Although he’s not a finished product, White’s ability to get to the quarterback makes him an important piece to the Patriots future. He currently leads the Patriots with 15 quarterback hits and is tied for the team lead with five sacks and seven tackles for loss. Pro Football Focus has him ranked 15th of 112 edge rushers with an 80.3 pass-rusher grade.
The Patriots offense has been tough to watch this season and not many young players have made an impact. That’s not the case with Douglas. He’s arguably the most dynamic pass catcher on the team – when he gets the ball in his hands. A sixth-round pick, out of Liberty University, Douglas is on pace to finish with 67 receptions and 617 yards. He’s a solid slot receiver and would make an impact on most offenses in the NFL. At age 24, he’s one of the few pass catchers you can pencil on this roster in the coming seasons.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices