Offensive play calling continues to be one of the most scrutinized parts of the Patriots 2024 season, prompting many to call for Alex Van Pelt to be relieved of his duties during the upcoming offseason, even if that means splitting Drake Maye from his offensive coordinator a bit too early.
For the most part, the criticism has been warranted toward Van Pelt, especially when it's apparent that his decision-making is holding Maye back from utilizing his talents to help win games. That has become a bigger problem in recent games when looking at the statistical breakdown of his production by each quarter, furthering the argument that something is off with Van Pelt's game planning.
Drake Maye (Week 15)EPA/playQuarters 1-3:   -0.322 (23rd)Quarter 4:         +1.418 (1st)CPOEQuarters 1-3:   +1.8% (17th)Quarter 4:         +35.5% (1st)Success %Quarters 1-3:    40% (17th)Quarter 4:          100% (1st)
Despite it all, the rookie quarterback continues to support Van Pelt and advocate for more time to work together, which could go a long way in Robert Kraft's mind when attempting to rectify the ongoing issues within the coaching staff. 
However, comments like Van Pelt's to the media on Thursday might not bode well either, even more so after seeing Robert and Jonathan Kraft's displeasure over the play calling against the Cardinals last Sunday. 
As the Patriots prepare to head to Buffalo for their first matchup with the Bills this season, coaches and players spoke to reporters on Thursday and some of the answers to the questions are catching the attention of nearly everyone in New England.
One of the more prominent is Van Pelt's response to not using Maye on quarterback sneaks, a notable criticism from their loss to the Cardinals, to which Van Pelt admitted they're purposely not calling those plays at this point in the season.
Alex Van Pelt says the #Patriots are avoiding using Drake Maye on quarterback sneaks. Says it's about "keeping him out of harm's way and getting him through these last three games healthy."
While keeping Maye as safe as possible for the remainder of the season makes sense, admitting that you're willing to not call a play that would likely help you win a game is not a great look, especially after that viral clip of the Krafts. It also doesn't seem to align with what Maye is willing to do since he expressed he was good at sneaks during college.
That is just another reason for fans and reporters to believe Van Pelt isn't the right guy for the job, and it's possible if withholding certain plays impacts the Patriots' offensive effort that it will put him more in the hot seat with the Krafts.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.