New England Patriots head coach Jerod Mayo, center, talks with reporters during an AFC coaches availability at the NFL owners meetings, Monday, March 25, 2024, in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack)AP
ORLANDO, Fla. – The pressure is on.
The Patriots head into April with major holes on offense. The team currently lacks a franchise quarterback, a starting left tackle, and a true top receiver. The hope is that they’ll fill some, if not all, of those needs in the 2024 NFL Draft.
The likelihood of any team filling those three needs in one draft class is extremely slim. Considering the Patriots have picks at the top of every round, they’ll have a chance to add impact players – if they get it right.
Has there ever been more pressure on a Patriots draft class? Jerod Mayo and Eliot Wolf are tasked with rebuilding a once-dynastic franchise. On top of filling three major needs, the Patriots need to decide if they want to keep the No. 3 pick, where they would draft a quarterback, or trade down for more assets to fill more roster holes.
If they draft a quarterback and he turns into a franchise player, the team is on the right track. But if that player turns out to be a bust, it could cost Wolf and/or Mayo their jobs. The same can be said for trading down. It’d be nice to have three first-round picks, but what if the Patriots don’t draft the right players? What if the quarterback they bypass (Drake Maye or Jayden Daniels) at No. 3 turns out to be a franchise player?
“Honestly, look, hindsight is always going to be 20/20, I wish I had that crystal ball,” Mayo said on Monday. “You never really know. You’re going to find gems throughout the draft. Once again, as we continue to go through the process and look at these players, really, it’s about trying to find those gems later in the draft.
“Now, sitting at No. 3 is very unique because whatever happens at 1 and 2 — like, if you’re convicted on three or four quarterbacks, then I feel like we’re in a good position.”
The 2024 NFL Draft is reportedly deep at quarterback, tackle, and wide receiver. That’s good news for the Patriots. Of course, it’ll only be good news if they pick the right players.
For example, the 2019 NFL Draft was full of future Pro Bowl receivers. The Patriots took a big swing, drafting N’Keal Harry in the first round, but that turned out to be a franchise-altering miss. Imagine what A.J. Brown, Deebo Samuel, or Terry McLaurin would’ve looked like playing with Tom Brady?
The danger of the draft is missing when your team has a vital need. The Patriots are in a position where they need to hit on a quarterback, receiver, and tackle. They could start at No. 3 by selecting Drake Maye or Jayden Daniels.
“Once again, if we take a quarterback at three, that means we are convicted that this player is really the future of this organization,” Mayo said. “Going back to your point that we kind of said earlier, there are multiple pieces on this team as a whole, that we want to fill those holes. So, if you can gather more picks, that definitely helps you out. I can put more chips on the table... But the more picks that you really have, the more likelihood you have to really hit on them.”
As Mayo pointed out, trading down might be the Patriots best move. Hypothetically, if they were to trade the third overall pick to Minnesota for No. 11, No. 23, and a future first, it would give them more rolls of the dice.
In this scenario, they would have three picks in the top 40 and could target their three top needs at No. 11, No. 23, and then in the second round at No. 34. Of course, that only works if the right players are still available. What’s the likelihood of that happening and the Patriots hitting on all three players?
For example, in 2022, the Patriots traded their first-round pick (No. 21) to Kansas City for a later first, third, and fourth-round pick. That turned into Cole Strange, Jack Jacks, and Marte Mapu. The Chiefs drafted All-Pro cornerback Trent McDuffie with the Patriots original pick.
It’s one thing to miss on an All-Pro cornerback. It’s another to bypass a franchise quarterback. If the Patriots trade down and Maye or Daniels are legit, it’ll only increase the burden on Mayo and Wolf.
On Monday, Mayo said he understood the risk/reward of moving down.
“I know everyone likes to think they have the special formula to picking players,” Mayo said. “But honestly, the guaranteed way to win is to accumulate more picks. So if we don’t feel convicted at No. 3, to your point, like we are willing to do that, as well.”
The only thing certain is that the Patriots are embarking on a long-term rebuild. You can argue that the fastest way to build a team is by finding a franchise quarterback. A prime example is the Houston Texans. They went 4-12, 4-13, and 3-13-1 before drafting C.J. Stroud last year. They went 10-7 and finished first in the AFC South.
If the Patriots think that Maye or Daniels can be a franchise quarterback, they’ll draft him. Conversely, missing on a quarterback that high in the draft is a perfect way to get a general manager and head coach fired.
The Patriots need to be united on whatever they do next month. On Monday, Mayo said this upcoming draft “has quite a few guys” that can fill the Patriots needs at quarterback, left tackle, and receiver.
“And look, we sit at a very enviable spot at No. 3 where we can take someone at three or if someone offers a bag, as we would say - you know a lot of first-round picks - we definitely have to talk about those things,” Mayo said. “And as we continue to put together this team, you said it, there are holes on this team, but I would also say there will be people available going forward.
“You know, the crazy thing -- we are open. We’re open to trading the pick. We’re open to taking the guy there.”
The fate of the franchise depends on this decision. The pressure is on.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices