The start of the Drake Maye era is expected to take off in the Patriots Week 6 matchup with the Texans on Sunday, which couldn't be more exciting for all the fans who were thrilled he was their first-round pick earlier this year.
While the decision to put the rookie in this week against one of the best defensive lines in the NFL might be questionable, it's clear the move provided a much-needed boost in the locker room amidst rumors of trouble behind the scenes. The team has seen a "renewed sense of energy" since the change was announced, according to Jerod Mayo, which couldn't have come at a better time.
On top of the excitement surrounding Maye being under center, the Patriots are also wearing their red throwback jerseys for the first time this season, another exciting factor about this game.
Unfortunately, Maye will have some big losses on offense, like running back Rhamondre Stevenson being ruled out with an ankle injury. But it should be a good start to his pro career against a very competitive opponent with the full support of his teammates and thousands of New England fans in attendance at Gillette Stadium.
PLAYER NAME
POSITION
Rhamondre Stevenson
RB
Joe Cardona
LS
Javon Baker
WR
Eric Johnson
DT
Layden Robinson
G
Tyquan Thornton
WR
Joe Milton III
QB
The Patriots' offense has heavily relied on Rhamondre Stevenson for success on the ground and in the passing game through the first five games of the season. He has become the most trusted weapon for every quarterback since he was drafted in 2021, and his absence is always felt when he is unable to suit up on Sunday.
With Stevenson out for this week's matchup, Antonio Gibson will be given the reins as the starting running back and will see his most usage this season. Although he has seen limited touches in his first year in New England, he has already proven he can be an explosive option for Jacoby Brissett, which should easily translate to Drake Maye this week.
He will certainly be utilized as much as possible, especially since he will be the lead back with expected practice squad callups as his only backups.
Another week without Jabrill Peppers could be significant, even more so if Kyle Dugger is unable to play as well. The good thing about it, however, is the impressive showing by Marte Mapu last week against the Dolphins, who made his 2024 season debut after missing the first four games due to injury.
He was given the captain role of the secondary and did a solid job keeping the group together in Dugger and Peppers' absence. Hopefully, that will remain the case against the Texans on Sunday.
Unfortunately, the Patriots are dealing with a curse on their captains this season, which has now sidelined another for this matchup. Tenured long snapper Joe Cardona was ruled out for Sunday's game on Saturday afternoon, with Tucker Addington being elevated from the practice squad to fill in during his absence.
While losing a long snapper wouldn't usually be a big deal for most teams, he has been one of the most consistent special teamers for the Patriots over the last decade, missing just three games during that time. 
With the third unit's struggles appearing behind them this year, hopefully, Addington will keep that going for as long as he is needed to replace Cardona. Otherwise, special teams might be in trouble.
PLAYER NAME
POSITION
Kamari Lassiter
CB
Jimmie Ward
S
Robert Woods
WR
Nick Broeker 
G
Rashad Weaver
OLB
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.