Manage your account
 If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Robb Report may receive an affiliate commission. 
Permission to autumn, granted. With the season’s starting gun discharged, do what you will with undyed wool gilets by The Merchant Fox, Anderson & Sheppard Shetlands and a regal cashmere chore jacket from Zegna. This week also sees not one, but two 90th anniversary capsule collections, from Canali and Ettinger, respectively. Go get it while it’s hot.
More from Robb Report
Robb Recommends: Montblanc's New Line of Colognes Is as Classic and Enduring as Its Pens
Robb Recommends: This Hardworking Face Scrub Clears Your Pores for a Clean, Smooth Shave
Robb Recommends: This Pore-Refining Face Cream Is an Instagram Filter in a Jar
Best of Robb Report
The 25 Greatest Independent Watchmakers in the World
The 10 Most Expensive Watches Sold at Auction in the 21st Century (So Far)
11 Stunning Jewelry Moments From the 2020 Oscars
Sign up for RobbReports's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
Click here to read the full article. 
One does not expect a chore jacket to look so… aristocratic. But Zegna’s Il Conte jacket lives up to its noble title (a nod to the founder) with a stand-up guru collar and fully traceable cashmere fibers cultivated in the label’s  “Oasi.” Not into online shopping? Check it out in person at the brand’s latest outpost, in NYC’s Meatpacking district.
 BUY NOW ON ZEGNA: $4,950 
It takes only a few thoughtful touches for a design to standout in a sea of fleece. In the case of the Lancaster Jacket by Universal Works, that means a rounded collar, deep patch pockets and reinforcing cotton-jersey trim.
 BUY NOW ON HUCKBERRY: $215 
“Look Muffy, a shoe for us.” Palm Beach-based slipper maker Stubbs & Wootton was preppy to begin with, but its Prep Hunter style—embroidered with every WASP’s favorite sporting motifs—takes it to a whole new level.
 BUY NOW ON STUBBS & WOOTTON: $575 
Anyone can wear Western wear—so long as they don’t take it too seriously. This denim pearl snap by Stan Ray, which features embroidered 10-gallon hats on the shoulders and back, is just the right amount of playful.
 BUY NOW ON STAN RAY: $165 
The clothing you haul biweekly to the laundromat deserves better than a plastic bin with a chipped handle. Enter: this purpose-designed laundry bag from Saturdays NYC and Japanese fragrance brand retaW, which is built from tough cotton canvas and adorned with the former’s signature slash stripe.
 BUY NOW ON SATURDAYS NYC: $150 
Is there any such thing as a transitional flannel shirt? Yes, there is, and it’s this plaid cotton-linen number from Polo Ralph Lauren.
 BUY NOW ON RALPH LAUREN: $168 
The snap of fallen leaves crunching underfoot is a 10/10 sensation. It might even be an 11 if you do so in these full-grain leather hikers from Officine Creative.
 BUY NOW ON MR. PORTER: $815 
As gilet season kicks off, it’s time to consider the important questions like… is the “g” silent? While that’s sorted out, consider picking up this new introduction from The Merchant Fox, which matches a rustic, undyed wool fabric to an urbane Nehru collar.
 BUY NOW ON THE MERCHANT FOX: $467 
Hoodies don’t have to go into hibernation with falling temperatures. They just need a more substantial hide, such as the fuzzy wool-blend fabric that constitutes this zip-up from Our Legacy.
 BUY NOW ON MOHAWK GENERAL STORE: $455 
Junya Watanabe has struck again, this time applying his manic touch to a pair of Levi’s. The resultant denim features a flared leg and idiosyncratic details including waistband buttons and exaggerated “wings” on its rear pockets.
 BUY NOW ON LUISAVIAROMA: $695 
Drawing from the design of Vietnam-era jungle jackets, this quilted down jacket from Frizmworks features a pair of angled patch-flap pockets at the chest. While it’s unlikely to see combat, it may witness a snowball fight.
 BUY NOW ON MR. PORTER: $545 
We know you’re excited to pull on a proper tweed jacket—but we’re not at tweed jacket-weather yet. Bridge the gap in this knitted wool overshirt from Portuguese Flannel, whose oversized glen plaid pattern would be at home on any country estate.
 BUY NOW ON MR. PORTER: $265 
Inaugurate desert boot season with these suede derbies by Fratelli Rossetti, whose generous almond toe and flat rubber sole promise to deliver what the style is all about: comfort and ease.
 BUY NOW ON FARFETCH: $572 
Snaffle bits and riding whips adorn this jacquard-woven robe by Fleur Du Mal, whose equestrian credentials are further enhanced by a glossy brown hue.
 BUY NOW ON FWRD: $695 
To commemorate its 90th year in business, English leather goods maker Ettinger has revived its original Guardsman logo from 1934. The sword-wielding chap now graces this goat leather bookmark, and other items featured in a special anniversary collection.
 BUY NOW ON ETTINGER: $42 
Eating an ice cream cone around suede is dangerous enough—welding should be entirely out of the question. Fortunately, the new Welder Jacket by Drake’s is workwear in name only, and deftly combines a lightweight Italian suede to utilitarian details including brass hardware and reinforced pockets.
 BUY NOW ON DRAKE’S: $1,995 
Canali’s looking pretty good for 90. Looking even better: this silk, wool and cashmere-blend trench coat included in the Italian label’s 90th anniversary capsule collection.
 BUY NOW ON CANALI: $3,850 
The double-breasted stance works wonderfully on peacoats, trenchcoats and sport jackets: so why shouldn’t it be the same with the shawl collar cardigan? That’s the bet that Billy Reid has placed with its John cardigan, which is made from French terry and features a pair of darted patch pockets at the waist.
 BUY NOW ON BILLY REID: $298 
Yes, we know, don’t fix what isn’t broken, etc. But Barbour’s “Re-Engineered” Beaufort undoubtedly benefits from fresh features including quilted lining, a snap-off hood and angled chest pockets.
 BUY NOW ON SHOPBOP: $625 
When it comes to fall/winter fabrics, tweed and corduroy get all the best press. But Giorgio Armani is making the case for velvet via this double-breasted blazer, marked by a low buttoning stance and an appropriately louche cut.
 BUY NOW ON MYTHERESA: $3,195 
A.P.C.’s take on the Breton sweater is one you won’t have to shelve for fall, thanks to its merino wool fabric. The French-Tunisian label leaves its mark on the classic style through the cheeky addition of a single red stripe.
 BUY NOW ON A.P.C.: $350 
Anderson & Sheppard’s crewneck Shetland comes in 26 colors—that’s two more hues than your classic Crayola box. There are no bad choices, but its Moss Brown colorway appeals to that same part of the brain that’s begun craving pumpkin spice anything.
 BUY NOW ON ANDERSON & SHEPPARD: $335 
For those itching to get back into corduroy, consider this tonal baseball cap by AMI Pairs to be you first fix.
 BUY NOW ON SAKS: $195