Ye premiered his diss verse aimed at Drake and J. Cole, on a remix to Metro Boomin and Future's "Like That," after a leak of the track circulated online earlier this weekend.
While paying a visit to Justin LaBoy's The Download, Ye debuted the remix that contained a new verse from him, as well as a new set of bars from Ty Dolla $ign and Future. In the track, Ye makes it clear whose side he's on in the ongoing hip-hop civil war, starting his verse off with: "You know we had to get the hooligans up here to get these pussy n***as out, yo Dot I got you."
In the verse, Ye takes shots at Drake, rapping, "It's a wrap for n***as/ Where's Lucian, serve your master, n***a/ You caught a little bag for your masters didn't ya/ Lifetime deal I feel bad for n***as."
He also takes aim at Cole:
"Y'all so out of sight, out of mind / I can't even think of a Drake line / Play J. Cole, get the pussy dry," he raps.
Listen to the full verse below.
The Chicago rap legend also shared a NSFW meme of a woman pleasuring a man after learning he doesn't listen to Cole, which references a line on his "Like That" remix: "Play J. Cole, get the p***y dry."
Ye has a long history of conflict with Drake and J. Cole. Drake has thrown both subliminals and direct shots at Ye on various tracks, while Cole took the subtle approach and talked about him falling from grace on the song "False Prophets."
Ye's verse arrives a month after he claimed he "washed" Kendrick Lamar on The Life of Pablo song "No More Parties In LA" and Drake at their benefit concert calling for the release of Larry Hoover.
"Everyone knows I washed Kendrick on No More Parties in LA," wrote Ye. "Everyone knows I washed Drake at the Free Hoover concert. everyone knows I brought Adidas into this culture and I took them out. Everyone knows lotta Demna Virgil Jerry Kim all worked for me. I made Yeezus Dark Fantasy Pablo Graduation Throne 808s. I made Runaway Devil in a New Dress Father Stretch. I am the only person to come back to number one after cancellation. There is only one goat. I stand by me My friends call me ye :)."
music | BY Alex Ocho
Ye Allegedly Punched the Wrong Twin While Defending Bianca Censori
style | BY tara mahadevan
Ben Baller Laments Polycarbonate Jesus Pieces He Made for Ye and Pastelle 15 Years Ago: 'Big Bag Fumble'
music | BY Joe Price
Rich the Kid Shuts Down Claims That He Was ‘Lucky’ to Be on 'Vultures' Hit “Carnival”: 'I Chose the Beat’
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.