Staff Writer
The Patriots are readying to begin the Drake Maye era with a lengthy list of players on the team's final injury report for Sunday's game vs. the Texans.
New England has ruled out RB Rhamondre Stevenson (foot) and listed the following players as questionable for Week 6: CB Isaiah Bolden (Hamstring), WR Kendrick Bourne (Knee), LS Joe Cardona (calf), S Kyle Dugger (ankle), LB Anfernee Jennings (shoulder), CB Marcus Jones (groin), C Nick Leverett (ankle), WR K.J. Osborn (shoulder), G Layden Robinson (Ankle/Wrist), LB Sione Takitaki (knee), and CB Marco Wilson (groin).
Starting with the offense, lead-back Rhamondre Stevenson was ruled out after missing all three practices this week due to a foot injury. Stevenson is managing a blow to the lower leg area. He told reporters following last Sunday's loss to the Dolphins that he took a helmet to his calf.
On Friday, head coach Jerod Mayo hinted that the Patriots would consider elevating running backs Kevin Harris or Terrell Jennings from the practice squad. The team also has Antonio Gibson, who started last week, and veteran JaMycal Hasty on the active roster. Without Stevenson, one would expect Gibson to shoulder most of the workload.
Elsewhere on the offense, the Patriots offensive line is trending in the right direction and could start the same five for the first time this season. With the line coming out of last week's game relatively healthy, New England's starting offensive line will likely be the following: LT Vederian Lowe, LG Michael Jordan, C Nick Leverett, RG Mike Onwenu, and RT Trey Jacobs.
Last week, those five posted a season-best pressure rate of 43.2% and paved the way for a franchise-record 7.9 yards per rush attempt. There are still areas this combination can improve, but it was a step in the right direction as the unit pivots to blocking for third-overall pick Drake Maye this week.
As for the defense, the big question mark injury-wise is starting safety Kyle Dugger. Dugger returned to practice earlier this week for the first time since suffering an ankle injury on Sept. 29. Dugger was a limited participant in the final two practices this week after being declared inactive during pregame against the Dolphins last Sunday.
Without their starting safety tandem last week, the Patriots leaned on several defenders to replace Dugger and Jabrill Peppers (exempt list) vs. Miami. Defensive backs Jaylinn Hawkins, Dell Pettus, and S/LB Marte Mapu played increased roles. Hawkins is already a regular contributor, while Mapu returned to the lineup from injured reserve to play every defensive snap as the primary signal-caller.
New England would welcome Dugger, a high-impact player on their defense, back with open arms. Most likely, Dugger would return to his usual hybrid role, with Hawkins remaining as a deep safety and Mapu playing his role as a box safety. Like with Peppers, those three should be able to play off each other well in the secondary.
The other possibility for the Patriots defense this week is free-agent addition Sione Takitaki's potential return. Takitaki is recovering from a knee procedure this offseason and could provide a boost for the linebacker level. Since losing captain Ja'Whaun Bentley to a season-ending injury, the run defense from the second level has been inconsistent. Takitaki is more known for playing against the pass, but he might need to step into a three-down role.
Patriots head coach Jerod Mayo spoke about a "renewed sense of energy" with rookie QB Drake Maye making his first career start. Mayo spoke earlier in the week about Maye's physical abilities elevating an offense that ranks 31st in scoring and last in passing yards. Although it's a lot to ask of a rookie in his first career start, it's also why Maye was the third overall pick last April.
The Patriots will host the Texans with kickoff at 1:00 pm ET at Gillette Stadium on Sunday.
DISCLAIMER: The views and thoughts expressed in this article are those of the writer and don't necessarily reflect those of the organization. Read Full Disclaimer
Along with ruling four players out, QB Drake Maye (right hand) is officially questionable for Week 18.
With starting C Ben Brown's (concussion) status in doubt, could Cole Strange get the start at center for the Patriots in Week 17?
How will the Patriots replace CB Marcus Jones on Sunday?
The Patriots ruled out rookies Javon Baker (concussion) and Caedan Wallace (ankle) for Sunday's game vs. the Cardinals in Arizona.
DeMario Douglas (ankle), Kyle Dugger (ankle), and Deatrich Wise (foot) are among nine Patriots listed as questionable for Sunday's game vs. the Colts. 
Top CB Christian Gonzalez (hip) is among 10 players listed as questionable for Sunday's tilt in Miami. Plus, will the Patriots activate OL Cole Strange this week?
Barmore has a chance to make his season debut in Sunday's home tilt vs. the Rams.
The Patriots defense will be without two starters on Sunday vs. the Bears, while the offensive line could look different as well. 
After practicing in a limited capacity in the last three practices, Maye has a chance to play vs. the Titans on Sunday. 
The Patriots ruled WR Ja'Lynn Polk (concussion) and G Layden Robinson (ankle) out for Sunday's game vs. the Jets. 
With the Patriots ruling out two offensive linemen, who will start on the left side for New England this week against the 49ers? 
With 11 selections in the 2025 NFL Draft, here's everything you need to know about the newest Patriots rookies. 
A 22-person nomination committee selects Julian Edelman, Logan Mankins, and Adam Vinatieri as the 2025 Patriots Hall of Fame finalists. Patriots fans now have until April 30 to vote for the finalist most deserving of Patriots Hall of Fame induction.
Tom Brady's historic Hall of Fame induction ceremony has been nominated for an Emmy Award.
Tracking all of the Patriots transactions during the free agent signing period.
New England Patriots Chairman and CEO Robert Kraft announced the selection of former Head Coach Bill Parcells for induction into the Patriots Hall of Fame as a contributor.
A look at the Patriots opponents from 2025 through 2027.

    This website is the only official website of the New England Patriots and is © Copyright New England Patriots (the "Club"). Commercial reproduction, distribution or transmission of any part or parts of this website or any information contained therein by any means whatsoever without the prior written permission of the Club is not permitted.