In the vast and ever-evolving constellation of modern soul and house, few shine as brightly as Uncle Waffles, a nova of a producer, DJ and dancer. 
Hailing from the culturally rich Southern African country Eswatini, this 24-year-old has become known as the “Queen” for the increasingly popular sub-genre of Amapiano—the Zulu word for “the pianos.” 
To the American ear, Amapiano sounds like jazz-tinged house music. Still, that description only does this sultry, rhythmic sound a disservice, as it also contains soul, lounge, deep house and electronic frequencies. 
Whatever the case, few are as recognized and renowned as Uncle Waffles for cultivating a sound that coerces bodies to move and the vibes to run free.
The good news is that Afro Nation Detroit attendees will see her live as she brings her sound, as inviting as a hug, to Bedrock’s Douglass Site in Detroit this weekend. 
With her performance, worlds are beautifully colliding. 
Waffles is bringing a distinct house sound from her corner of the world to one of the great house music meccas of America in the Motor City. 
It’s sure to be a banger when she takes the stage, but an elephant or two in the room needs to be addressed. How did this virtuosic woman bloom to become an international phenomenon? Also, what’s up with the name? 
Born Lungelihle Zwane, Uncle Waffles was steeped in the sounds and rhythms that define her homeland. 
The Amapiano genre, a fusion of jazzy undertones, percussive basslines, and soulful vocals, found a natural ambassador in her. From the tender age of youth, she displayed an uncanny ability to captivate audiences, her performances marked by an infectious energy and a deep-rooted connection to her cultural heritage.
In October 2021 Wally Pipped a DJ at a South African nightclub. Quick digression: So, Wally Pipp was a baseball player for the New York Yankees. One day, he missed a game due to a headache. The man who filled in for Pipp, Lou Gehrig, would never relinquish the job, becoming one of the best baseball players of all time, a phenomenon. 
Okay, back to Uncle Waffles. So, she filled in for this DJ at this nightclub in Soweto in what would prove to be a life-altering decision.
As the story goes, after her performance, she posted a 30-second clip of herself dancing to Young Stunna’s “Adiwele” on her social media channels. 
The video showed Uncle Waffles dancing joyfully behind some turntables, simultaneously connecting to her crowd and controlling the dancefloor—a DJ in full possession of her powers.
A post shared by Waffles (@unclewaffles_)
And the rest, as they say, is history. 
The clip went viral. Nuclear would be a more appropriate term, as it generated millions of views and garnered her legions of followers, vaulting her into a sensation. It even caught the attention of Drake, who reposted Uncle Waffles on his Instagram story.
But Uncle Waffles is not one to rest on her laurels. She seized this moment, transforming her viral fame into a burgeoning career. She is a master at blending classic and contemporary Amapiano sounds in her sets, and each performance stands as a jubilant celebration. 
No, there isn’t some grand, mysterious origin story behind the name, just some friends from her high school who came up with “Waffles” thanks to a song from a popular animated TV series.
“They used to call me Waffles because of some ‘Teen Titans’ song,” she told Essence. “After high school, they were like, ‘This Uncle thing is really cool, so it’s gonna sound really cool if you call yourself an Uncle.’ It went from just being called Waffles to Uncle Waffles. Then, when I started playing, everyone told me to keep the name because it’s unique.”
Uncle Waffles has performed at the world’s most popular destinations, such as the Roots Picnic, Cannes Film Festival and Coachella, where she became the first Amapiano artist to play there. 
This weekend, she will be in Detroit for Afro Nation, a summit of musicians from across the Black diaspora on the hallowed grounds once home to Motown luminaries like Smokey Robinson, Diana Ross, Mary Wilson and Florence Ballard. 
It’s a fitting stage for a groundbreaking artist like herself, renowned for the sound she helped shape and popularize. 
Her performance at Afro Nation Detroit is not just another concert; when she takes the stage, she will do so as a performer and a symbol of cultural pride and artistic excellence.
For information and tickets to Afro Nation Detroit, visit detroit.afronation.com.
Tacuma R. Roeback is the Managing Editor for the Chicago Defender. 
His journalism, non-fiction, and fiction have appeared in the Smithsonian Magazine, San Francisco Chronicle, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, The Tennessean, South Florida Sun-Sentinel, Phoenix New Times, HipHopDX.com, Okayplayer.com, The Shadow League, SAGE: The Encyclopedia of Identity, Downstate Story, Tidal Basin Review, and Reverie: Midwest African American Literature.  
He is an alumnus of the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University, Chicago State University, and Florida A&M University.

See author's posts

Tags: Afro Nation 2024, Afro Nation Detroit, amapiano, Cultural Pride, Detroit House Music, DJ Life, Drake, Eswatini Music, Global Music, Live Performance, Motown Heritage, Music Phenomenon, Tacuma Roeback, Uncle Waffles, viral sensation
Copyright © 2025. Real Times Media. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility Tools