By
Rick Ross has unveiled the unlikely producer of his latest track, “Champagne Moments,” and their age might surprise you. On Thursday (April 25), Rozay hopped on Instagram and revealed the producer was the teenage son of iconic director, Benny Boom. 
Affectionately called Mini Boom, the 16-year-old proves that talent doesn’t seem to fall too far from the family tree. “Can you guess the age of the kid who produced ‘Champagne Moments’?” he said on his IG story. 
Ross continued: “That’s right. 16 years old. Little man’s 16 years old and he’s the son of famed director Benny Boom.” He continued: “Yeah, he go by the name Mini Boom. So much love! Y’all show little homie some love. Boss.”
A post shared by miniboom (@miniboom)
Ross recently dropped off a visual to the diss track where he’s seen surrounded by all the luxuries life afforded him. From expensive cars and liquor to designer clothing and his airplane hanger, he spared no expense. 
Following Drake’s release of “Push Ups,” where he took shots at Kendrick Lamar, The Weekend, and Ross, the Florida rapper immediately retorted with this fiery track. Throughout the song, he trolls the Toronto rap star about his racial identity and plastic surgery allegations. 
“You ain’t never want to be a n*gga anyway, n*gga/That’s why you had an operation to make your nose smaller than your father nose, n*gga,” Ross ferociously rapped. “I unfollowed you, n*gga, ’cause you sent the motherf*ckin’ cease-and-desist to French Montana, n*gga.” 
While Ross alluded that their issue stemmed from Drake taking legal action against French Montana, the “Own It” rapper never confirmed or denied this was true. However, after Drake released “Push Ups” the strained relationship between the pair became obvious.
“Push Ups” was in response to Future and Metro Boomin’s “Like That,” which features Kendrick Lamar, who takes several shots at Drake: “Think I won’t drop the location? I still got PTSD/Motherf*ck the big three, n*gga, it’s just big me,” Lamar rapped. 
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97