All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
It’s that time of year. Yes, the holidays are upon us, but I’m talking about something a little more nondenominational: slipper season. Many of us wear house shoes all year round, but the colder months have us reliably reaching for something that keeps our toes extra warm.
Everyone has their preferences when it comes to slippers. Some, like me, prefer them to look a little more shoe-like, while others are all in on cozy shearling slides. Many of my colleagues, though, swear by leather and velvet mules. So, if you’re in the market for a new pair of house shoes this holiday season—or just want to see what else is out there—get cozy as 15 Vogue editors share their most beloved picks.
Slippers (or tapuchki, as they’re known in Russian) are an absolute prerequisite for walking around my mother’s house without having her yell at you, and this holiday season, I have my eye on the classic red Bombas ones that would definitely brighten up even my miserable early-morning shuffle to the kitchen to make coffee and feed the dog. —Emma Specter, culture writer
Bombas
Saturday slippers
BOMBAS
I recently shared my love for slipper socks on the latest episode of The Run-Through podcast. During the winter months at home, you won’t find me without a pair on! My favorites are Falke’s “Cosyshoe” and Lafayette 148’s chunky cashmere socks—both of which make wonderful gifts. —Madeline Fass, senior market editor
Falke
Cosyshoe slipper socks
AMAZON
Falke
Cosyshoe herringbone socks
SAKS FIFTH AVENUE
cashmere socks
LAFAYETTE 148
Raynaud’s girlies, this one’s for you. My feet are constantly freezing, so I’m inclined to wear something shearling-lined to stay warm—especially during the winter months. I’m an especially big fan of these fuzzy Boston clogs because they still look like actual shoes. —Hannah Jackson, fashion writer
Birkenstock
Boston shearling-lined suede clogs
NORDSTROM
Birkenstock
Boston shearling-lined suede clogs
SAKS FIFTH AVENUE
Two words: Venetian slippers. I picked up a pair from Piedaterre in 2019 while on a trip to Venice, and the slippers look just as good as they did 5 years ago. Throw them in your bag on any weekend trip and you’ll be the chicest guest in the house (without taking up much room in your bag!) —Lucy Dolan-Zalaznick, senior associate, creative development
Piedaterre Venezia
velvet slippers
PIEDATERRE VENEZIA
I got these Bombas slipper socks for both my children and my nephews, and then had FOMO and ordered a pair for myself: they are cozy, easy to travel with, and have grippers on the bottom for safely crossing wood floors. —Chloe Malle, editor, vogue.com
Bombas
Gripper slippers
BOMBAS
These were once given to me as a joke—little did the gifter realize I love ironically ugly things sincerely. The clogs—which are filled with some sort of Tempurpedic material inside and come in a variety of designs for all animal lovers—are so comfortable for a morning shuffle to the coffee shop or around the backyard. —Margaux Anbouba, senior beauty & wellness editor
Daybreak scuffs
L.L. BEAN
L.L.Bean
Daybreak scuffs
L.L. BEAN
My soul immediately feels old when I put on Charvet deerskin slippers. —Mark Guiducci, creative editorial director
Charvet
deerskin slippers
BERGDORF GOODMAN
I wish I could tell you I wear something chic like a pair of Charvet velvet slippers but I must live my truth. My favorite house slippers are these completely unhinged Bad Bunny heart-shaped plushies that one of my best friends got me for Christmas last year. They are really cozy and I never accidentally lose them under the couch or the bed because they are so big. —Laia Garcia-Furtado, senior fashion news editor, Vogue Runway
Bad Bunny plush slippers
EBAY
I consider myself an introvert because I love to recharge at home for cozy-time as often as possible. So naturally, I adore a fuzzy slipper—in fact, the fuzzier, fluffier, and bulkier the better (think of a chunky Bratz doll shoe). The Maeve Fuzzy platform slipper checks all those boxes for me. —Conçetta Ciarlo, beauty commerce writer
Maeve
fuzzy platform slippers
ANTHROPOLOGIE
Call me basic but I’m an UGG slipper girl until I die. They are a classic for a reason! My toes remain cozy, warm, and protected all season long! —Florence O’Connor, associate content manager, vogue.com
Ugg
Tazz platform slipper
NORDSTROM
Ugg
Tasman mule slipper
NEIMAN MARCUS
NORDSTROM
My friends always laugh that my entire apartment (and even pajamas) matches my personal style—but I like to think that’s a good thing and not just a quirk. My favorite slippers align with my entire life. These shearling ones from Jenni Kayne have been my go-to for several years, and I’ve recently come to love these fuzzy wool slippers from Hawkins New York just as much. —Cortne Bonilla, senior shopping writer
Hawkins New York
fuzzy wool slippers
HAWKINS NEW YORK
Jenni Kayne
shearling Moroccan slippers
JENNI KAYNE
No other pair of shoes has lasted longer in my life than my Uggs; I’ve had them for over 10 years and they still fit just as snug as they did when I first got them. While I love to throw them on to run errands in the winter, I will often leave them on to roam around my apartment—my feet need to be warm, too! —Kylee McGuigan, associate production manager
Ugg
Classic II genuine shearling boots
NORDSTROM
If you’re ever in Paris, the Charvet store is a shirt-lovers haven. The charm, eclecticism, and delight of the store is so charming and if you don’t love their shirts, you’ll love their slippers. —Libby Page, executive commerce director
Charvet
suede slippers
NET-A-PORTER
These are out of my tax bracket, but in an alternate reality, they’d definitely be my holiday house shoe; very cozy, very on-theme, very extra! —Leah Faye Cooper, digital style director
Hermès
Izmir sandals
HERMÈS
Like Florence and Kylee, I’m an Ugg girl through and through! I have a pair of their slide-on slippers, as well as their classic moccasins. They’re so warm and toasty… I’m wearing them as we speak! —Alexandra, associate commerce producer
Ugg
Coquette slippers
NORDSTROM
Ugg
Dakota slippers
NORDSTROM
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty