"merry christmas. had fun with it," the Chromakopia hitmaker wrote.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Tyler, the Creator gave fans exactly what they wanted for Christmas: a deeply unserious freestyle over Kendrick Lamar‘s “Hey Now.”

	Posted on Christmas Day, a new music video on the “St. Chroma” hitmaker’s YouTube channel finds him spitting new bars over the Compton rapper’s gritty bass-heavy beat — which was produced by Mustard, Sounwave and Jack Antonoff — in various locations across Tyler’s hometown of Hawthorne, Calif. 

	“Oh my god, I’m really that guy/ Yeah b—h, I’m outside,” he raps in front of a brick wall before switching locales to the hood of a white Ferarri parked in front of the beach. “Laferrari popping on the 405/ 1 ticket 2 ticket 3 ticket 4 million/ Put that lil Maybach truck in the garage/ Lil bunny hop out, you seen me at the pop out/ Pandemonium screaming like they brought Pac out.”





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Kendrick Lamar		
					






















	
		
					Tyler the Creator		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Tyler also shared the video on X, writing, “merry christmas. had fun with it,” in response to a fan who’d tweeted in November, “I want @tylerthecreator to freestyle on Hey Now so bad.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Featuring Dody6, “Hey Now” appears on Lamar’s new album GNX, which he surprise-dropped in November — less than three months before he’s set to headline the Super Bowl Halftime Show in 2025. The track opened at No. 5 on the Billboard Hot 100, while the full set debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200. 

	The “See You Again” rapper also dropped a new album this year, with Chromakopia arriving in October and spending three weeks atop the Billboard 200. In his December Billboard cover story, Tyler opened up about the LP being his most personal offering yet, revealing, “putting some of this stuff on wax was a lot for me.” 

	“I’m a super extrovert, but I’m a very private person with my life,” he said, adding of the album’s gothic cover: “It’s so honest that I think I had to wear a mask on my own face to get that s–t out.”

	Watch Tyler, the Creator’s “Hey Now” freestyle above.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.