By JASON CHESTER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  16:45, 24 June 2024   |  Updated:  16:52, 24 June 2024   
 13
View  comments
Early morning espressos were in order as Cara Delevingne and Sabrina Carpenter called it a night at the Vogue World Paris after-party on Sunday. 
The pair had previously joined a who's-who of celebrity guests at the French capital's Stade Vélodrome, where 100-years of fashion and sport were being celebrated. 
But as the main event ended, the after-party began at local nightspot Maxim's, with Carpenter and Delevingne spotted leaving the venue as it wound down in the early hours of the morning. 
The pair shared a chauffeur-driven car to their hotel, with Delevingne, 31, exposing her cleavage in a plunging sequinned leotard as she sat next to the rising star.
Meanwhile, Carpenter, 25, ensured she claimed her own share of the spotlight in a glittering sequinned minidress and matching strappy heels. 
Espressos were in order as Cara Delevingne and Sabrina Carpenter left the Vogue World Paris after-party together in the early hours of Sunday morning 
Delevingne exposed her cleavage in a plunging sequinned leotard as she exited Paris nightspot Maxim's with Carpenter 
The American singer, currently dating Saltburn star Barry Keoghan, completed her look with a sparking silver clutch, her only notable accessory.  
Earlier that night, Delevingne channeled Madonna's iconic cone bra as she led the star-studded red carpet arrivals.
The model wore a similar bodysuit to the singer's famous Jean Paul Gaultier cone bra, 34 years after the 65-year-old debuted her busty corset during her Blonde Ambition World Tour in 1990.
She made sure to turn heads as she arrived wearing the similar nude bodice, which was also made by Jean Paul Gautier, with suspenders and a unique sailors hat.
Showing off her array of tattoos, Delevingne - who also hosted the live stream for Sunday evening's event - completed her look with some nude tights and pale pink ballet slippers.
Carpenter also put in the work after taking to the catwalk in a custom-made, nautical themed outfit from French fashion house Jacquemus.
She modelled the look with an old Hollywood-style headscarf and a bright red swipe of lipstick. 
The fashion show also featured performances by Bad Bunny and Aya Nakumura, while singer Katy Perry made a surprise appearance on the runway. 
Carpenter made a surprise cameo on the star-studded runway during Sunday night's Vogue World event in Paris
Delevingne provided commentary on the Vogue World live stream for those who were unable to get tickets as she talked the viewers through each era of fashion
Last year the event was hosted in London, while the year before the Big Apple was the backdrop for the high fashion extravaganza. 
Speaking on the event, Vogue's global editorial director and Condé Nast chief content officer Anna Wintour, said: 'If Vogue World New York was a street fair, and Vogue World London was a glamorous night at the theatre...
'Supporting arts and cultural organisations in London – Paris will be a kind of opening ceremony; one that celebrates 100 years of fashion and sport, as well as this extraordinary city.'
A percentage of the net proceeds from ticket sales will be donated to the humanitarian organisation Secours Populaire. 
The organisation facilitates access to essential equipment for young, aspiring athletes across France.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group