All listings featured on Condé Nast Traveller are independently selected by our editors. If you book something through our links, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Amenities
Rooms
Why book?
For a salt-rimmed taste of Francis Ford Coppola’s cinematic vision on a shimmering stretch of Belizean coastline.
Set the scene
As you drive past the snowbird mansions that line the slip of land of the village of Placencia, you might feel a brief moment of panic about what you imagined your Belizean escape to be. Luckily, those fears wash away when you arrive at Turtle Inn, where you’re welcomed into its tropical exuberance by its four-legged greeters, Chip and Salsa and their keeper, Martin Krediet, a charming Dutchman and longstanding general manager. With its Balinese pavilions, leaning palms, and dazzling waters beyond, this stylish 25-room retreat is the beachside sibling to Blancaneaux Lodge, Francis Ford Coppola’s other, equally special, Belizean property. Here, paths meander through hibiscus and bird of paradise, leading to thatched cottages that sit easily in the landscape and are furnished with hand-carved doors and whirring ceiling fans. This is a retreat that’s built for long days spent gazing into the Caribbean and you’ll see all manner of sybaritic traveller – honeymooners, young families, and older return visitors – bobbing in its pools, pulling up stools at the beach bar, and catching a post-snorkel snooze in its hammocks. For years now, this slice of serenity has drawn travellers to its distinct brand of luxury – “Gilligan’s Island glamour meets barefoot chic,” says Martin (translation: don a hand-embroidered caftan and wide-brim raffia as you leap over garden geckos).
The backstory
Back in 1981, celebrated filmmaker Francis Ford Coppola, fresh off of the filming of Apocalypse Now and craving its lush setting, came upon a disused hunting lodge in the forests of western Belize and fell in love with it. He ended up turning it first into a family retreat and then a 20-room hideaway loved by adventure-seekers in the know. It was 20 years later, in 2001, that Coppola expanded his footprint in Belize by buying Turtle Inn on the Caribbean coast and turning it into a tropical beach retreat. Much like Blancaneaux, Turtle Inn bears the distinctive imprint of the family, and in particular, Francis: in its earth-friendly design; the organic vegetable garden that supplies much of the kitchen’s needs; the "shell phone" in each room – a guest favourite – which dials guest services; and the family photos that are scattered around. The Coppola family continues to visit every year for extended periods of time – daughter Sofia has her own house on the property next to her father’s villa – and Turtle Inn still carries the personability of a family home.
In 2003, Coppola also bought La Lancha, a 10-room lodge set in the rainforest high above the shores of Lago Petén Itzá in Guatemala. As Martin says, with La Lancha on a lake, Blancaneaux deep in the jungle, and Turtle Inn on the coast, Coppola created a winning Central American safari circuit. And most guests do split their time between at least two properties on their visits.
The rooms
Turtle Inn’s rustic-luxe cottages, dotted across the property, all come with handcrafted Balinese furnishings and are naturally cooled by sea breeze. My Garden View villa came with a separate sitting room on a screened porch as well as a private walled garden with an outdoor shower – and a lovely slice of ocean view. A big part of the charm of the dwellings are their open-plan design that allows an easy transition between indoor and outdoor spaces, but this does mean that the odd gecko or other garden creature will share the space with you (ask for a mosquito net come nighttime) – it’s a small price to pay for the privilege of letting the island in. For the 360 experience, book Coppola’s villa, Pavilion House, a sea-facing artsy delight with a verandah made for lazing (or writing movies in), a mosaic-ed private pool, and carved doorways. Daughter Sofia’s house, also rentable when she isn’t visiting, is next door: a chic ode to modernism that stands apart from the prevailing aesthetic, and where photos of her children and husband, Thomas Mars, of the pop band Phoenix, unselfconsciously lie about. Other family members have villas named for them, too: Roman’s Lagoon Bungalow features a full kitchen, an expansive living room, and two bedrooms, and Stella’s Starfish Cottage, built around a central pool, is ideal for families or two couples travelling together. All of these cottages and villas have one thing in common: a sense of lived-in luxury that encourages curling up with a book and a glass of Sofia Rosé. Privacy seekers can cast their anchor further afield at Coral Caye, Turtle Inn’s private island that’s a 20-minute boat ride away, with wooden cottages and a brimming reef. Extras include a private butler, chef, and boat on call – indulgences even the most committed of castaways will find hard to resist.
Food and drink
For a property of this size, Turtle Inn has a lot of restaurants offering a lot of different kinds of food. The sand-floored, cane chair-filled Laughing Fish Bar, perfect for snacking between pool time, offers everything from fish tacos to an excellent Dutch grilled cheese – both of which taste even better with a generous pour of Marie Sharp’s habanero sauce, a Belizean treasure (they left a trio of these sauces as a souvenir in my room, which made me squeal in delight). At Auntie Luba’s Kitchen, a rustic kitchen that’s across the street from the hotel and overlooks the Placencia Lagoon, regional fare like curry chicken and conch fritters are served family-style – and meals end with a bonfire. The Mare, the largest of all, sits under a vaulted ceiling and is where you’ll have breakfast and classic Italian dishes for dinner – or a Dutch Indonesian Rijsttafel, which is a dish Krediet grew up with and convinced Coppola to include on the menu. Two standouts for me, however, were eating a whole lobster at the Gauguin Grill under an inky night sky with my toes in the sand and our final meal that unfolded in the most romantic of settings: a wood-fired pizzeria in an organic produce garden illuminated by string lights, where we sat at a communal table, tapping our toes to jazz, as pizza after pizza appeared topped with the freshest of produce. This garden is where Sofia’s late mother, Eloise, planted arugula, and Francis oversaw every last detail – and the pizzeria remains Sofia’s personal favourite. It’s the perfect spot to end your holiday and a reminder of how much passion the family has poured into this place.
The spa
The Sunset Spa is designed after a traditional Balinese rice field hut with outdoor pavilions for al fresco treatments if you so desire, and it’s the perfect place to retreat to after a full day spent chasing jaguars and swamp crocodiles – but equally, if you’ve done nothing at all. From a range of traditional Thai massages, perfected by staff that studied at Bangkok's Wat Pho Temple, and facial treatments featuring handmade products from Monastery, a San Francisco-based botanical skincare company with a devoted following, don’t be surprised if you find yourself coming back for more.
The neighbourhood
Turtle Inn is perfectly situated for riverine adventures, jaguar tracking, and time-travelling into ancient Maya ruins, and its proximity to the Barrier Reef System also means marine adventures abound, but it’s equally the kind of place that encourages doing little besides sipping a poolside mai tai and tucking your toes in the sand while reading an escapist love story. If you choose to stay close, Turtle Inn has two pools, a more family-friendly circular one by the bar and an adult-only infinity pool nestled discreetly between cottages. It also has a PADI dive centre with all the scuba and snorkelling gear you’ll need and instructors who can certify you before your stay is done. I also highly recommend going on a speedboat wildlife adventure that begins with picking up a guide at the curiously named Monkey River Town (ask after its history–it’s fascinating), then zipping through mangroves before getting off to tramp through mud and brush – you’ll need all the bug spray you can handle – to locate noisy howler monkeys and track jaguar pugmarks, and finally, ending with a terrific home-cooked meal at the village consisting of the catch of the day alongside rice and beans and topped off with ice-cold Fanta. Closer to home in the village of Placencia, you can wander through souvenir and handicrafts stalls along the shoreline, have gelato at staff-favourite Tutti Frutti, and tuck into a Caribbean fish stew on the balcony at RumFish. One night, after dinner, we shuffled into Barefoot Beach Bar, where we wagged our hips to Sean Paul and Bad Bunny, slugged frozen Margs and ice-cold Belikin beers, and pretended we were carefree islanders, if only for one night.
The service
It’s hard to describe the exceptional quality of service at Turtle Inn – most guests call it the favourite part of their stay. Many of the staff here have been working at the Coppola Hideaways properties for many years and you will come across some long-timers, like Martin who’s been at Turtle Inn for 14 years and Blancaneaux’s general manager Bernie Matute who has been there for 30 years! These long stints with the family have inculcated a culture bound by pride and loyalty and a sense of shared ownership, and staff are encouraged to build relationships with guests who return year after year because of it. “Guests come in with handshakes and return with hugs,” said Sucelly to me, who has served as Sofia’s personal attendant for years but treats every guest with just as much care. Whether it’s Sucelly who appeared, genie-like, to furnish every need before you could even voice them to the ever-smiling Lexus at the front desk (who turned out to be a bit of a local musical star) or Eric (Rico) who took us on a wine-fueled sunset cruise on his boat, lovingly handmade by him out of eight different kinds of local hardwood, there isn’t a single person you meet here that doesn’t leave an impression. And Martin, at the helm of this ship, steers it adroitly and sans fuss: you’ll see him walk around unhurriedly, stopping to share a glass of wine or a chat with guests, with his faithful pups in tow.
For families
Kids of all ages are welcome here, but Turtle Inn is one of those properties that works just as well for kid-free adults as it does for families. The best accommodation for families is the two-bedroom villas, but most bedrooms can be equipped with an extra bed. Guests in villas with families have the choice of booking a 24-hour caregiver and attendant who will help with everything from babysitting to ordering and serving meals or joining the family on excursions – for an extra fee. But there’s plenty to keep kids occupied here, from pool toys and rafts to beachside games like Jenga and bocce. Families can also go boating to try and spot whale sharks and manatees in the lagoon or opt for less exciting but just as rewarding sunset cruises.
Eco effort
From its inception, Turtle Inn has aimed to sit lightly on the land. The hotel keeps its carbon footprint down by not using air-conditioning in most spaces – they’ve had to make compromises and add them to a handful of cottages. All its accommodations have been built with environmentally friendly and locally sourced materials (thatch, limestone, hardwoods, bamboo, and regionally produced tiles) and a large part of the produce used for meals is grown in the on-site garden. Guests can also participate in a range of environmental programs, including coastline cleanups, recycling efforts, and reef protection activities that include going fishing for destructive lionfish—and then enjoying a meal cooked with it.
Accessibility
Turtle Inn suggests that guests reach out about their accessibility needs, but the terrain does make it challenging for wheelchair users.
Anything left to mention?
If you have the time, ask any staff to take you to the new music studio on-site, where local artists and producers come to record tracks and drop fresh mixes. It’s a state-of-the-art recording facility that the Coppolas extend out to the community at a discount as well as offer to guests who might like to stay a while and record a song. I spoke to Randy Sutherland, a local producer who was mixing tracks for a Belizean artist named Kylon Eiley when I visited, and told me how much of a game-changer this was for local musicians for whom recording studios are scarce. Martin hopes that the bedrooms above the studio, of which there are two, will host artists-in-residence and that the music created here as a coming together of guests and locals will bring fresh energy to the town – and emanate out of it into the world.
Location Map
More from Condé Nast Traveller
Contact
© Condé Nast Britain 2025.