Alan Titchmarsh, the 75 year old TV presenter and green-fingered guru, has cheekily confessed why his latest novel, 'The Gift', might be lacking in saucy scenes.
The ITV star, who's also a best-selling author known for sprinkling his books with raunchy scenes, spilled the beans during a live Q&A with The Telegraph.
Interviewer Bunny Guinness couldn't help but probe Alan about the toned-down steaminess in his 2022 release, asking him: "To start with, you did have a bit of sex in your books, dare we say. But have you almost been bullied out of the sex scenes? " .
In response, Alan gave a bashful yet humorous explanation, saying: "There's one thing, Bunny, that happens to you when you write a novel is that, in my case, you do the audiobook as well and when it comes to the audiobook, it's you in a little tiny booth with a big microphone and a pair of earphones."
"And it's quite dark, and there's a big sheet of glass, and on the other side of that is a sound recordist, and he's generally male, he's generally large, and he's generally bearded... it does put you off a bit."
However, Alan was quick to defend his latest work against claims of being too prudish, pointing out an intimate passage in 'The Gift': "I still write... there's a sensuous.."
But Bunny playfully cut in: "Well, a bit of breast fondling and then it's straight out looking at the sheep! " .
"Well, that's life, isn't it? " quipped Alan, eliciting Bunny's admission: "I was disappointed, I was hoping we were going to have some squidgy bits... I think you've got very cautious."
Alan retorted: "I'm sorry I short-changed you, they've all gone in droves now - they're not going to read it because it's not saucy enough! " .
Alan persisted, saying: "I don't fight shy of showing when two people are physically attracted to one another, and I think too many authors do, but people are frightened - they'll do horror, they'll do murder and ghastly things, but they're dead scared of doing [love scenes] unless it's Jackie Collins."
Bunny went on to remind him that since he was a past runner-up for the notorious Literary Review Bad Sex Award, fans are "After that, people are disappointed that they haven't had so much sex Alan, I'm afraid, a lot of people say that! " .
Joking about his evolving style, Alan implied that "art is mirroring life" , cheekily alluding to perhaps less action beneath the sheets in his own longstanding marriage to wife Alison.
He chuckled, "Maybe it's as I get older and art is mirroring life! " .
Having nearly hit the half-century mark in marriage, Alan and Alison prefer to keep their home life under wraps. Despite being parents to two adult daughters and grandparents to four, Alan has voiced on James O'Brien's Full Disclosure podcast, "My family is private."
"I was talking to somebody in broadcasting the other day and he said, 'we don't know anything about your family except you've got a wife and two daughters and we know their names'."
"I said, 'yeah, but that's enough isn't it really? ' They have their lives. They are not my props."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.