The Colombian singer performed a candid rendition of a salsa classic with his own "El Cantante del Ghetto."

													By
												

	Isabela Raygoza

Associate Editor, Billboard Español

	Colombian singer/rapper Ryan Castro channeled a candid rendition of Héctor Lavoe’s timeless salsa song “El Cantante,” appropriately titled “El Cantante del Ghetto” at the Latin American Music Awards 2024. 

	Sporting a red, snazzy suit with bold glasses and cornrows, the Medellín native showed off his vocal prowess on his heartbreak tribute song. 

	“Loves like yours can’t be bought, they can’t be compared, they can’t be known/ If I gave my all to make this relationship last/ Look me in the face and tell me you don’t know me,” he crooned against blaring horns a festive rhythm section, enlivening the crowed in attendance, and this viewer. The song is the first single of his upcoming album, set for release May 9th. 

	










	The song was a timely choice, especially considering that the original 1978 classic was inducted into the National Recording Registry this year, the song that became emblematic at the height of the 1970s New York City salsa era.

	The 2024 Latin American Music Awards took place Thursday, April 25, live from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas via Univision. 

	Hitmakers Feid and Peso Pluma lead this year’s list of nominations with 12 nods each. The Colombian singer and Mexican star, who are up for the coveted artist of the year award and album of the year award, are followed by top nominees Bad Bunny (11), Grupo Frontera (11), Karol G (9), Shakira (9), Eslabon Armado (8) and Fuerza Regida (8). 

	Thalia, Becky G, Alejandra Espinoza and Carlos Ponce co-hosed the award ceremony that presented in a combination of English and Spanish, marking the first time any major U.S. award show featured a bilingual broadcast.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.