Agenda-setting intelligence, analysis and advice for the global fashion community.
The essential daily round-up of fashion news, analysis, and breaking news alerts.Plus, access one complimentary BoF Professional article of your choice, each month.
Our newsletters may include 3rd-party advertising, by subscribing you agree to the Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art announced on Thursday that this year’s Met Gala co-chairs will be Zendaya, the actress and red carpet fashion favourite; rapper Bad Bunny; musician Jennifer Lopez and actor Chris Hemsworth. The annual fundraiser for the museum’s Costume Institute will be held, as always, on the first Monday in May, which falls this year on May 6.
This year, TikTok will sponsor the event for the first time, as well as the LVMH-owned fashion label Loewe. TikTok CEO Shou Chew and Loewe creative director Jonathan Anderson will serve as the Gala’s honourary chairs. Vogue publisher Condé Nast will also sponsor.
Also unveiled on Thursday was the dress code for the gala, “The Garden of Time.” The Costume Institute’s annual exhibition, “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion,” will look at the process of garment preservation through technologies like artificial intelligence and video animation. The exhibit will include 250 pieces from the past four centuries in the institute’s 33,000-piece permanent collection. It will be on view at the museum from May 10 to Sept. 2.
Learn more:
ADVERTISEMENT
Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion is the Met’s Costume Institute Spring 2024 Exhibition
The annual Met Gala celebration of the exhibition, which explore ideas of rebirth and renewal through nature, will take place on May 6, 2024.
Yola Mzizi is the Editorial Associate at The Business of Fashion (BoF). She is based in New York and provides operational support to the New York team and writes features for BoF and The Business of Beauty.
© 2025 The Business of Fashion. All rights reserved. For more information read our Terms & Conditions
The groundbreaking editor, who died last week at the age of 90, helped pioneer the Italian fashion sector, writes Angelo Flaccavento.
The independent magazine is looking to expand the talent and brands it works with through its new venture ‘Takeaway.’ 
Michael Amzalag and Mathias Augustyniak, the founders of design studio M/M, will spearhead the publication’s visual identity.
In a landmark antitrust lawsuit set to go to trial Monday, the FTC will argue Meta’s acquisitions were illegal, citing the decline of Meta’s apps through increased ads and weakened privacy protections.