The first Monday in May is rapidly approaching, and that means so is the 2024 Met Gala. This year, for the fourth year in a row, Vogue will host an exclusive livestream, where you can watch all of the action and best-dressed Met Gala looks from the red carpet in real-time.
This time around, the Vogue Met Gala livestream will be hosted by actor Gwendoline Christie, producer and actor La La Anthony, and model Ashley Graham. Multi-hyphenate Emma Chamberlain will return as Vogue’s special correspondent, to interview some of the biggest stars on the carpet.
Meanwhile, this year’s theme—“Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion”—will celebrate the Costume Institute’s new exhibition of the same name; The exhibit will feature approximately 250 items drawn from the museum’s permanent collection, some rarely seen in public before, and displayed in entirely new ways. The Met Gala’s star-studded red carpet on Monday, May 6 is not to be missed, either.
Below, you'll find everything you need to know about the 2024 Met Gala livestream—from how (and where) to tune in, to what the night’s dress code and themes entail.
The 2024 Met Gala livestream will be hosted exclusively by Vogue, and broadcast live across its digital platforms, as well as TikTok and YouTube. You can also watch the livestream within this very post.
The Met Gala red carpet livestream will take place on Monday, May 6th starting at 6:00 pm ET.
This year, the Met Gala live stream will be hosted by actor Gwendoline Christie, producer and actor La La Anthony, and model Ashley Graham. Multi-hyphenate Emma Chamberlain will also return as Vogue’s special correspondent to interview some of the biggest stars on the carpet.
The 2024 Met Gala will celebrate the opening of The Costume Institute’s new spring exhibition, Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion. The exhibition—which will be on view at The Metropolitan Museum of Art from May 10th to September 2nd this year—will spotlight 250 items drawn from the Costume Institute’s permanent collection, including some very rarely seen in public before. All of the works will be displayed in entirely new ways—utilizing elements such as video animation, CGI, AI, and more.
Every year, the Met Gala provides The Costume Institute with its primary source of funding for exhibitions, publications, acquisitions, operations, and capital improvements.
The dress code for the 2024 Met Gala will be “The Garden of Time.” The dress code takes inspiration from a short story of the same title, written by J.G. Ballard in 1962.
Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, Chris Hemsworth, Bad Bunny, and Vogue’s Anna Wintour will serve as the evening’s co-chairs. Honorary chairs for the evening, meanwhile, are Loewe creative director Jonathan Anderson and TikTok CEO Shou Chew.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices