Plus, check out Billboard's New Music Latin weekly playlist below!

New Music Latin is a compilation of the best new Latin songs and albums recommended by Billboard Latin and Billboard Español editors. Check out this week’s picks below.




	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Bad Bunny		
					






















	
		
					Manu Chao		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

Darell, Darell 2024 (Sony Music Latin)

	Just last year, Darell proposed that “everybody go to the discotek,” with his album. Today, he continues to fuel that motto with Darell 2024, a 15-track set powered by club-ready reggaetón anthems. Showcasing a mix of smooth Caribbean rhythfms and hypnotizing percussion-driven beats, the album provides a canvas for the Puerto Rican artist to show off why he’s a genre OG. Besides reggaetón, the sonically rich LP — which puts his signature deep, raspy vocals at the forefront — also takes inspiration from Afrobeats for tracks like “Como Vos,” “Real,” “Te Extraño” and “Olivia Con Pluto.” Meanwhile, Darell makes a case for why he’s one of the best rappers in the game, with songs like “Profugo” introducing a bold trap sound. Also included on the album are previously released hits “Lollipop (Remix)” with Ozuna and Maluma, “Por Ti Conocí El Amor” and “Lambo Sport” with Clean Bandit. — INGRID FAJARDO













	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







Fariana, Underwater (La Commission LLC)


			Trending on Billboard		






	Nine years after her debut studio album, Fariana (formerly known as Farina) unleashes her sophomore album Underwater. In the 19-song set, the Colombian rapper submerges herself into different musical genres that have influenced her new era. While she still manages to captivate with her fierce rap bars and dynamic vocal range, sonically, she’s evolved and is more experimental than ever. She flirts with dancehall (“Booty Killa”), hip-hop (“Doggys”), afrobeat (“Pienso En TI”), electronic (“On Top of the World”), cumbia (“Mami Gantel”), reggaetón (“La Fotico”), dembow (“Margaret”), and merengue (“El Caballito”). Underwater also finds the Medellín-born artist collaborating with El Alfa, Sean Paul, Flo Rida, Omar Montes and Oro Solido, to name a few. But beyond its worldly beats, the album is a reflection of Fariana’s nearly 20-year trajectory. “I’ve learned to dive into my own world and I’ve understood that even under pressure, I always find a way to do it my way and be a winner. That’s what this album is,” she expresses in a press statement. — JESSICA ROIZ











Duplat & Manuel Medrano “Fresa” (M3 Records)

	Duplat and Manuel Medrano’s “Fresa” is a delightful mix of soul pop with a retro feel that recalls the perfect music for a romantic comedy soundtrack. The trumpet and brass arrangements give it an almost classic, almost timeless feel that transports you to another era. When Medrano’s deep voice comes in on the second verse, his deep timbre cuts through the music, merging perfectly with the funky drum beat and guitar riffs. The saxophone solo in the bridge is captivating, and the soulful piano adds an emotional touch that elevates the song. “Fresa,” which could refer to a conceited woman, is certainly a gem for lovers of nostalgic sounds with a modern twist. — LUISA CALLE

Bad Bunny, “Una Velita” (Rimas Enertainment)

	Bad Bunny hadn’t released new music since his October set Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va Pasar Mañana, but shedding a spotlight on the continued plight of his fellow Puerto Ricans — who were devastated by Hurricane Maria exactly seven years ago — seemed like the perfect moment to break his silence. With “Una Velita,” the global hit-maker doubles down on his efforts to call out the inaction of the island’s local government as Puerto Rico continues to deal with the aftermath of the catastrophic Category 5 storm, which not only left thousands dead but also weakened the already frail power grid. “Obviously the light will go out, God knows if it’ll come back,” he sings in Spanish over a hypnotizing folkloric beat that grows with intensity. “There were five thousand that they let die, and we will never forget that.” The track is produced by Tainy and La Paciencia. — GRISELDA FLORES











Darumas, “Francotirador” (Sony Music Latin)

	On the heels of receiving a Latin Grammy nomination for best new artist — as predicted by Billboard — Darumas released “Francotirador,” or “sniper” in English, the Latin pop-funk band’s first single since its May debut album. The all-female trio — comprised of Aldana Aguirre, Ceci León and Vedala Vilmond — sings about being resilient and “bulletproof” over a funky rhythm driven by electric guitar and bass. “I fell, I stood up, and I silenced those who never believed/ They think I’m made of glass, but it made me harder than metal,” Vilmond sings. “Today nothing breaks my heart because I have it armored. I’m like a sniper: I never miss where I aim.” The track can empower anyone who comes across it. — SIGAL RATNER-ARIAS

Manu Chao, Viva Tu (Radio Bemba)

	After a 17-year hiatus playfully referred to as his “Desaparecido” phase — a nod to his iconic 1998 song — Manu Chao returns with his first solo album since La Radiolina, titled Viva Tu. This LP weaves nostalgic acoustic melodies with a rich palette of global languages. Sung in French, Spanish, Portuguese and English, it unfolds like a love letter to his international fans, packed with earwormy guitar melodies, samples and dazzling embellishments in songs like “La Couleur de Temps” and the rumba-infused title track.

	Of the 13 songs, the harmonica-laced “Heaven’s Bad Day” stands out as a delightful surprise, featuring country legend Willie Nelson, the only guest on the album. Another track, “La Colilla,” revisits the lively acoustic guitar sounds of 2007’s “Me Llaman Calle,” showcasing Chao’s ability to recycle rhythms and beats in an exhilarating way.

	










	The Spanish-French artist’s hands-on approach to writing and producing every song is notable, particularly in today’s collaboration-heavy music industry. This autonomy not only adds authenticity but also imbues his work with a craftsman’s pride, making Viva Tu an introspective and joyous personal statement. With this latest work, Chao’s unparalleled artistry cements his timeless appeal across diverse musical genres in a sound that is uniquely his own. — ISABELA RAYGOZA

Listen to more editors’ Latin recommendations in the playlist below:
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.