By BRITTANY CHAIN FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:07, 4 November 2024   |  Updated:  23:43, 4 November 2024   
 179
View  comments
Donald Trump told supporters at his Raleigh rally on Monday that he 'doesn't sleep' and hasn't taken a day off for '62 days' in a final attempt to prove his dedication to the country before election day. 
Trump and Kamala have both shown signs of weariness in recent weeks as the grueling final days of the campaign take their toll.  
At his rally on Monday in North Carolina, he wore it like a badge of honor. 
Sporting an even darker hue of fake than normal, he said: 'I don't even sleep. You know, I've gone through 62 days without a day off. Every single day.
'She takes a day off every other day,' he said in a jibe at Harris.  
Donald Trump was fired up at his North Carolina rally on Monday despite telling fans that he 'doesn't sleep' 
The strain of the swing-state battle was already showing on Vice President Kamala Harris' face as she spoke to reporters before boarding Air Force Two in Michigan on her way to an event in Pennsylvania on Oct. 16, 2024
The rigors of this neck-and-neck race with Donald Trump can be seen in the contrast between how Kamala Harris appeared shortly after becoming the Democratic nominee for president in August and at appearances on the campaign trail in October
Last week, Trump was sporting a thick layer of makeup during his garbage truck appearance in Green Bay, Wisconsin, on October 30, a classic move for boosting a pallid complexion.
The weariness is written all over Harris' much younger face, too. 
At an October 31 speech, the 60-year-old looked gaunt and exhausted, and a stolen yawn on Marine Two days earlier signaled the obvious - the veep needs more sleep.
Body language expert Darren Stanton said there was one key takeaway from Harris' last-ditch pitch to voters.
'She isn't operating from a position of personal power. There isn't really any fire in her belly. She just seems flat.'
The more boisterous Trump is cagier in hiding his sleepiness.
Toothy grins, loud music and a more and more plastered-on fake tan seem to present him as the more sprightly of the pair.
But a closer look at his appearance in recent days suggest that he, too, is a shrinking balloon.
Trump appeared to take a moment to himself on stage at his own rally, caught in a picture closing his eyes, with his shoulders slumped and head low
Trump is cagier in hiding the wear and tear of the grueling campaign since Harris replaced Joe Biden as his rival but a plastered-on fake tan seems to have become far more noticeable
Since Harris became the Democratic nominee, Trump has been railing against the image her camp has painted of him as an old, exhausted and unhinged grandpa trying to relive his presidential glory days.
The latest DailyMail.com/J.L. Partners national poll indicates he is succeeding, putting him three points ahead of Harris in the final days of the neck-and-neck race, albeit within the margin of error.
By all accounts, the result of Tuesday's election will go down to the wire. Pollsters have already warned we may not have an answer for days to follow.
Here, DailyMail.com lays out how the campaign - which has seen both candidates crisscross the nation - has taken a physical toll on each.
Harris came out of the gate guns a blazing, taking Democrats by storm on the back of a sluggish Biden campaign. She promised Americans 'we will not go back' and injected youth into the presidential race.
But by the time of her highly anticipated town hall with CNN's Anderson Cooper just two months in, she looked tired, was snappy and repeatedly evasive.
And that was with a Democrat-friendly host and network. 
The vice president started out by taking the opening handoff from Cooper in calling Trump a fascist and then dodged multiple questions about her own record on the border and a wall between the U.S. and Mexico that she has previously described as racist.
Her performance was immediately panned by Democratic strategist David Axelrod who said on CNN afterward that she went 'word salad city' on several answers. 
Axelrod's assessment of Trump was no better than that of Harris. 'Have you listened to his rallies?' he asked. 'They're incomprehensible.' 
CNN's Dana Bash said Harris didn't 'close the deal' with her town hall appearance.
'Well, I'll just tell you what I'm hearing from people who I have been talking to,' said Bash, a well-sourced reporter who co-moderated the Biden-Trump debate. 
'And that is that if her goal was to close the deal, they're not sure she did that.' 
Vice President Kamala Harris looked tired from the moment she walked out ontp the stage for her Pennsylvania town hall with CNN's Anderson Cooper moderating.
The strain of grueling campaign hours and miles was becoming more obvious by the time she walked out for the CNN town hall event
Harris appeared thrown as she took to the stage in Georgia an hour late and without her usual backing track, as crowds were already beginning to disperse after waiting hours in the hot sun and hearing from her celebrity guests Bruce Springsteen, Tyler Perry and former President Barack Obama.
On the same day, her running mate, vice presidential candidate Tim Walz, was speaking of Trump when he perhaps too openly told a crowd of the Harris team: 'Here's what I have to say is, he's not – yeah he's old as hell – but he's not near as exhausted as we are. We're tired.'
Meanwhile, Trump was campaigning at his own rally in Tempe, Arizona, where his face looked more artificially orange than it ever has and he appeared just plain tired as he told voters America has become 'the garbage can of the world.' 
Harris later said the remark was 'just another example of how he really belittles our country.'
Former President Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally at Mullett Arena, Thursday, October 24, 2024, in Tempe, Arizona
Trump sits down for a wide-ranging, three-hour interview with podcaster Joe Rogan at his studio in Austin, Texas. 
It's hailed as a huge success by supporters after amassing 17 million YouTube views in 24 hours, but Trump critics say it further highlights his penchant for rambling and distracting himself from the message at hand.
In what appeared to be an effort to address such criticism, Trump said: 'I like to give a long — the weave. But when you do the weaves, and you have to be very smart to do weaves, when you do the weave, look at this, just in this one thing, we're talking about little pieces.'
The long interview with the popular podcaster, however, proved something of a blunder scheduling-wise as it caused Trump to be hours late to a planned rally in Michigan, where he didn't arrive until 10 pm. 
MAGA fans streamed out of the rally in a chilly open air hangar as organizers stalled for time. By the time Trump announced a three-hour-delay on Twitter, hundreds of supporters were already headed for the exits.
Harris, meanwhile, got an A-list pick-me-up with the help of Beyonce, who endorsed her at a Houston rally although she failed to perform - not even the campaign's signature song, Freedom. 
All in all the Beyonce rally gets overshadowed by the Trump Rogan interview. 
Harris, meanwhile, confesses she's not yet voted for herself, hinting at the grueling nature of the campaign as she traipses around the nation. 
'It's on my priority list for these next few days,' she told reporters in Texas.
Harris admitted she'd not yet had a chance to vote for herself on October 25, hinting at the grueling nature of the campaign as she traverses the nation.
Both Harris and Trump began too look noticeably exhausted during the pressure-packed final days leading to November 5's Election Day
The strain of the final stretch of a grueling neck and neck race can be seen in the faces of both Donald Trump and Kamala Harris
Republican presidential nominee former President Donald Trump departs after speaking at a news conference at Austin-Bergstrom International Airport, Friday, Oct. 25, 2024, in Austin, Texas
Both Trump and Harris take their campaigns to the battleground state of Michigan.
The race in Michigan couldn't be closer. Polls show a virtual tie, with Trump leading by just a few tenths of a percent in the RealClearPolitics average. 
A look of defeat briefly flashed across Harris' face when she took to the stage, as she was heckled by a person in the crowd who shouted 'no more Gaza war.'
Harris paused for a moment as the crowd booed, then said: 'On the topic of Gaza, we must end that war.' 
Former First Lady Michelle Obama, one of the most popular Democrats in the nation, joined the campaign tour here, and used her speech to bash Trump.
Obama accused the ex-president of  'gross incompetence' while people ask Harris to 'dazzle' at every turn, a seeming defense of the 'word salad' criticism of Harris.
Trump made the rare decision to forego his own bed and stay overnight in Detroit after his Friday night rally in Traverse City in northern Michigan began almost three hours late following Trump's extended podcast interview with Joe Rogan.
Vice President Kamala Harris works aboard Air Force Two while on a call en route from Houston, Texas, to Kalamazoo, Michigan, on October 26, 2024
Harris speaks during a campaign rally at the Wings Event Center on October 26, 2024 in Kalamazoo, Michigan
Fear is now gripping Harris' campaign and the 'vibes' are draining away as prominent Democratic lawmakers, as well as the liberal media, have been forced to publicly acknowledge the campaign is faltering at the final hurdle. 
After weeks of mounting criticism about her penchant for confusing 'word salads', Harris admits that she 'may not be quick to have the answer' about 'a specific policy issue sometimes.' 
She tries to swat away the criticism by insisting that this is only because she likes to research things thoroughly before wading into public discussions. 
Simultaneously, Trump is being compared by Democrats to Nazis for his fiery, sold-out rally at Madison Square Garden. 
One of his handpicked guests, comedian Tony Hinchcliffe, sparks fury when he tells the crowd: 'There's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. I think it's called Puerto Rico.'
The comments prompt superstar Bad Bunny, who has 45 million Instagram followers, to boost Harris' campaign video targeting voters in Puerto Rico. 
Harris eats her favorite snack, Doritos, and thanks senior staff aboard Air Force Two in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on October 27, 2024
Former First Lady Melania Trump made a surprise speech at Trump's rally on Sunday – it was her first appearance on the 2024 campaign trail for her husband
The exhaustion caught up with Harris when she had an embarrassing hot-mic slip up, caught telling Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer her campaign was struggling with male voters over a beer.
'We need to move ground among men,' she can be heard saying in a low voice to Whitmer, clearly not thinking that anyone was privy to their conversation. 
At this stage in the campaign, it is evident the Hitler and fascism comments from former Trump chief of staff Mark Kelly and seized upon by the Harris team are becoming tired and old, losing the desired shock value impact on voters.
'I'm not a Nazi. I'm the opposite of a Nazi,' Trump told thousands of supporters at Georgia Tech.
'Now the way they talk is so disgusting and just horrible,' he went on.
Harris is later captured through a window of Marine Two looking exhausted and yawning, a clip that is widely promoted two days later by the Trump team on social media with an all-caps caption: KAMALA IS LOW ENERGY. 
Former President Donald Trump, at a rally in Atlanta, Georgia, slammed Democrats and the Harris team for labeling him a Nazi
Harris is caught yawning as she sits inside Marine Two while departing for her residence following a campaign rally and concert in Ann Arbor, Michigan on October 28
Harris gives a lethargic final pitch to Democrats and voters. 
'I offer a different path. And I ask for your vote,' she said. 'I am not looking to score political points. I am looking to make progress. I pledge to listen to experts, to those who will be impacted by the decisions I make. And two people who disagree with me - unlike Donald Trump - I don't believe people who disagree with me are the enemy. He wants to put them in jail I'll give them a seat at the table.
'I pledge to be a president for all Americans.'
Body language expert Stanton told GB News her speech clearly highlighted her exhaustion and doubts leading into election week.
'In such an important address, just a week away from the polls, it was a lackluster performance in voice and tone.
'It betrayed someone who wasn't supremely confident and ready to go into the White House.'
Trump (pictured with Tammy Nobles, mother of Kayla Hamilton) appears to take a quick standing rest while a video is played during a press conference at Mar-a-Lago on October 29
Harris struggled to contain heckling crowds in three separate swing states as the campaign took her from North Carolina, to Pennsylvania and finally Wisconsin. 
Footage of an exhausted Harris - believed to be from two days earlier - began circulating on X, showing the vice president yawning as she relaxed into her seat on Marine Two.
'Kamala was caught falling asleep after a very light day campaigning. This is the woman calling Trump 'exhausted', one critic wrote alongside the footage.
'Looks like someone is ready for a nap... The same someone who tries to portray Donald Trump as being tired.' 
Trump, meanwhile, appeared to take a moment to himself on stage at his own rally, caught in a picture closing his eyes, with his shoulders slumped and head low. 
Hours later, he picked himself up for a campaign stunt in which he drove around in a garbage truck. 
The hue of his foundation reflected poorly against the orange hazard vest he wore, prompting mockery online from critics who said he was looking 'more orange than ever.' 
Harris struggled to contain heckling crowds in three separate swing states on October 30 as the campaign took her from North Carolina, to Pennsylvania and finally Wisconsin
Donald Trump walks at the tarmac as he arrives at Albuquerque International Sunport, in Albuquerque, New Mexico
Harris hit Phoenix, Arizona, Reno, Nevada and ended in Las Vegas on Halloween.
In Reno, Harris told the crowd Trump was 'increasingly unstable, obsessed with revenge, consumed with grievance, and … out for unchecked power.'
Meanwhile, Trump visited Albuquerque, New Mexico and Henderson, Nevada.
At the latter, he vowed to give Robert F. Kennedy Jr. responsibilities to 'work on health and women's health.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group