by
        Chris Bonnett


        
8 January 2024

Gardening Express' Chris Bonnett looks ahead to 2024
In 2024 for any business is starting as a year of uncertainty and instability - and not just because of the recent stormy weather!
It’s mainly down to macroeconomic factors that us business leaders and entrepreneurs could be forgiven for having sleepless nights over. We can’t hope to influence these much - yet they do always bring opportunity and problems to solve for those that choose to or can. It certainly feels like the odds are stacked against us at the moment with all we have to contend with. The following are just a few of the issues and events we need to consider in our decision making. Fail to factor them in or have mitigation strategies in place at your peril!
So overall, there’s plenty to get your teeth in to with the above potentials and goings on in 2024! Mitigate as best you can the risks, and view all of these as opportunities you can navigate to prosper. Thankfully, when it comes to the horticulture sector, we’re one of the most resilient I know when it comes to uncertainty and the wider economy, so with so many risk factors on the table at the moment, providing the weather holds up, it should be a good year for all of us!"
Is it OK for councils to use weedkiller in the street?
10 horticulture policy updates
Monty Don 'degrades' the word horticulturist in Twitter rant: 12 horticulturists respond UPDATED
Online garden retailer reviews 2023’s bestselling plants and predicts 2024’s trends
HortWeek's People of the Year: see the eagerly awaited list of unsung horticulture heroes UPDATED
See our exclusive  RANKING and ANALYSIS of garden centre performance by annual turnover drawing on our garden retail industry-exclusive research. 

							Notcutts Garden Centres,
							St Albans & Garden Pride
						

							The Trustees of the Knole Second Trust Fund,
							Sevenoaks, Kent
						

							Turn End,
							Haddenham, Aylesbury
						

							Swynnerton Estates,
							Stone, Staffordshire
						

							Trustees of Albany,
							W1J 0AL, London (Greater)
						
Search more retail jobs
Get jobs by email

GARDEN CENTRE PRICES - February 2025


GARDEN CENTRE PRICES -  January 2025


GARDEN CENTRE PRICES -  November 2024

See more retail data
 An in-depth look at individual garden centres, their business models, offering, strategy and plans for the future 
Business advice from Neville Stein, MD of business consultancy Ovation