The Mexican icon brings Deorro onstage, who gave the song the electronic treatment. 

													By
												

	Isabela Raygoza

Associate Editor, Billboard Español

	With high spirts and an energetic presence, Thalia opened up the 2024 Latin American Music Awards with the world premiere of the “Te Va a Doler” remix from her upcoming album A Mucha Honra, which releases Friday. Behind the decks was Mexican American DJ Deorro, who gave the song the electronic treatment. 

	Rocking a metallic outfit channeling the spirit of a sexy space cadet, the Mexican icon showcased her dance moves amid over a dozen dancers who wore similar shiny outfits. “Thalia!” the audience chanted at the end of her lively presentation. 

	










	“What a joy to see so many familiar faces, and what a beautiful blend of cultures. We are here because we speak música,” the co-host said at the end of her set. 

	Thalia recently told Billboard Español, “‘Te Va a Doler’ is a song that despite being regional, has a little bit of both worlds. It has a little more of Thalia’s universe, of my musical and interpretative style, but it still has the power and sonority of the new Mexican regional.’

	The 2024 Latin American Music Awards took place Thursday, April 25, live from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas via Univision. Hitmakers Feid and Peso Pluma lead this year’s list of nominations with 12 nods each. 

	The Colombian singer and Mexican star, who are up for the coveted artist of the year award and album of the year award, are followed by top nominees Bad Bunny (11), Grupo Frontera (11), Karol G (9), Shakira (9), Eslabon Armado (8) and Fuerza Regida (8). 

	Thalia, Becky G, Alejandra Espinoza and Carlos Ponce co-hosed the award ceremony that presented in a combination of English and Spanish, marking the first time any major U.S. awards show featured a bilingual broadcast.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.