By GLENN THOMAS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:31, 7 May 2024   |  Updated:  00:22, 8 May 2024   
 7
View  comments
Although she walked the red carpet solo, Teyana Taylor's Met Gala 2024 look seems to have caught someone's eye.
The Album artist, 33, earned apparent praise from estranged husband Iman Shumpert after she walked the red carpet in a sizzling red dress by The Blonds.
'Yeah you ate…but I ain't tellin you that sh**,' he wrote on X (formerly Twitter) with the crying and halo emojis.
'So why you tell us, bookie?' wrote one fan in a re-post, to which Shumpert, 33, responded: 'Obviously so y'all can tell her….and I don't have to…Are y'all goofy or y'all just [f***ing with] me.'
In another reply, Shumpert further explained why he chose to send an indirect compliment versus mentioning his ex-wife by name.
'lol it was a cute way to say she [killed] it. But people don't laugh enough in life,' he tweeted.
Teyana Taylor earned apparent praise from estranged husband Iman Shumpert after she walked the red carpet in a sizzling red dress by The Blonds
The Album artist, 33, earned apparent praise from estranged husband Iman Shumpert after she walked the red carpet in a sizzling red dress by The Blonds 
Taylor turned heads Monday night in a strapless corseted gown with a short floor-length train and a thigh-high leg slit.
The A Thousand and One actress' dress was embellished with beaded roses down the front, befitting the event's 'Garden of Time' theme. 
She finished the look with a pair of gold strappy stilettos, matching bracelets and chandelier earrings.
Taylor's stunningly beat glam was framed by a teased blonde wig that draped down her back.
After attending Monday's Costume Institute Gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City, Taylor shared a video of herself on the red carpet.
She captioned the post with a red rose emoji and set the clip to 'I Wish You Roses' by Kali Uchis.
This year's Met Gala exhibit is titled Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion, with Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth serving as the event's co-chairs, along with Vogue editrix Anna Wintour. 
Taylor's jaw-dropping night out comes after she confirmed the 'heartbreaking' news of her divorce from Shumpert in November. 
In September, she revealed they were 'separated and have been for a while,' adding: 'To be 1000% clear, 'infidelity' ain't one of the reasons for our departure.'
The mother of two continued, 'We are still the best of friends, great business partners and are one hell of a team when it comes to co-parenting our 2 beautiful children.'
'Yeah you ate…but I ain't tellin you that sh**,' he wrote on X (formerly Twitter ) with the crying and halo emojis
'So why you tell us, bookie?' wrote one fan in a re-post, to which Shumpert, 33, responded: 'Obviously so y'all can tell her….and I don't have to…Are y'all goofy or y'all just [f***ing with] me'
In another reply, Shumpert further explained why he chose to send an indirect compliment versus mentioning his ex-wife by name. 'lol it was a cute way to say she [killed] it. But people don't laugh enough in life,' he tweeted
Taylor turned heads Monday night in a strapless corseted gown with a short floor-length train and a thigh-high leg slit
The A Thousand and One actress' dress was embellished with beaded roses down the front, befitting the event's 'Garden of Time' theme. She finished the look with a pair of gold strappy stilettos, matching bracelets and chandelier earrings
Taylor's jaw-dropping night out comes after she confirmed the 'heartbreaking' news of her divorce from Shumpert in November
She and Shumpert tied the knot in 2016, and they share daughters Iman 'Junie' Tayla Jr., 8, and 3-year-old Rue Rose.
In court documents, Taylor accused Shumpert of being under the influence of cannabis while caring for their children, adding that he 'consistently demonstrates a clear disregard for the safety of the minor children.'
Taylor also said that he had the water, cable and internet shut off at the Atlanta home they used to share, where she continues to raise their children. 
The Masked Singer alum also claimed that Junie was 'confused' by seeing Shumpert in bed with another woman. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group