Juror #2
Oscar winner Clint Eastwood‘s legal thriller “Juror #2” has set a December 20th launch date on the Max streaming service.  The news follows the film’s very limited theatrical release on November 1st to less than 50 theaters nationwide.
Warner Bros. Pictures drew criticism for limiting that release, likely one of Eastwood’s final films, especially with the positive reviews and endorsements from a number of filmmakers. [Source: Max]
Stitches
Angelina Jolie will star in “Proxima” director Alice Winocour‘s first English language directorial effort “Stitches” (“Coutures”) which is set in the world of high fashion and unfolds in Paris.  The film will be shot in both French and English.
Jolie plays a filmmaker, one of three women whose lives will collide during Fashion Week.  Filming is expected to begin at the start of next year with CG Cinema and Closer Media producing for Pathé Films. [Source: Variety]
Untitled J.J. Abrams Film
British actress Emma Mackey (“Sex Education,” “Death on the Nile”) has scored one of two female lead roles opposite Glen Powell and Jenna Ortega in J.J. Abrams’ untitled feature at Warner Bros. Pictures.
Abrams wrote the script for the feature but story details are under wraps.  It was speculated to involve time travel but that is reportedly no longer the case. Abrams’ Bad Robot is producing and filming begins early next year. [Source: THR]
Happy Gilmore 2
Filmmaker Dennis Dugan, who directed the first “Happy Gilmore” film, will return for an onscreen role in the second.  Dugan played Doug Thompson, the commissioner of the pro golf tour, in the first film and reprises it in the sequel.
However he’s handed over the directorial reins to Kyle Newacheck who is helming the sequel which stars other returnees like Adam Sandler, Julie Bowen, Ben Stiller and Christopher McDonald along with the likes of Travis Kelce, Bad Bunny and MJF. [Source: THR]
Sonic the Hedgehog 3
A featurette is out from the third movie showing the behind the scenes filming of Agent Stone himself, actor Lee Majdoub, shaving the hair off his boss Dr. Ivo Robotnik (Jim Carrey).  The pair’s almost Burns-Smithers style relationship continuing in the new film.
The haircut was done for real, Carrey had his hair grown to shoulder length over a year-and-a-half before opting to get it cut for a makeover scene in the film.  “Sonic the Hedgehog 3” releases in United States theaters on December 20th.