Smith plays the title character in the new Sky drama series.
The first image has been released from Sky drama The Death of Bunny Munro, which stars Doctor Who and House of the Dragon's Matt Smith.
In the image, Smith's character Bunny Munro is seen sat in a laundrette with no shirt on and a cigarette in his mouth. He is sat next to young actor Rafael Mathé, who plays Bunny's son, Bunny Junior.
The six-part series comes from the writer of Channel 4's Somewhere Boy, Pete Jackson, and is directed by Industry's Isabella Eklöf. It is based on Nick Cave's novel of the same name, and Cave is an executive producer on the series.
Starring alongside Smith and Mathé are Sarah Greene (Bad Sisters), Johann Myers (Without Sin), Robert Glenister (Sherwood), Alice Feetham (Save Me), David Threlfall (Funny Woman), Lindsay Duncan (The Morning Show) and Elizabeth Berrington (Ridley).
The official synopsis for the series says: "Following his wife Libby’s death by suicide, sex-addicted, door-to-door beauty product salesman and self-professed lothario Bunny Munro finds himself saddled with a young son and only a loose concept of parenting.
Read more:
"Together with nine-year-old Bunny Junior, he embarks on an epic and increasingly out-of-control road trip across southern England as the two struggle to contain their grief in very different ways.
"As Bunny bounces from one sales pitch to the next, trying to seduce any woman he meets, Bunny Junior kills time talking to the ghost of his mother and distracting himself from the dawning realisation that his dad isn’t just fallible — he’s a complete mess.
Keep up to date with all the dramas - from period to crime to comedy
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
"As he starts to unravel, Bunny realises he must do something to rescue his son from his own outdated notions of what it is to be a man.
"The Death of Bunny Munro is both a wild cautionary tale and a tender portrait of a father and son."
Smith has this year been seen in folk horror film Starve Acre, as well as the second season of House of the Dragon.
The Death of Bunny Munro is coming to Sky Atlantic and NOW in 2025 – find out more about how to sign up for Sky TV.
Check out more of our Drama coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.
James Hibbs is a Drama Writer for Radio Times, covering programmes across both streaming platforms and linear channels. He previously worked in PR, first for a B2B agency and subsequently for international TV production company Fremantle. He possesses a BA in English and Theatre Studies and an NCTJ Level 5 Diploma in Journalism.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!