Victoria Beckham revealed to fans she has something to 'work on' as she gave fans a sneak peek at her intense workout while also exposing her husband David Beckham in a shirtless snap as he joined her on their gym visit.
The popular showbiz couple, who will celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary this year, took to their Instagram pages on Monday (April 8) to show fans they’re not slacking on their gym routine - even though Victoria is currently sporting a medical boot after breaking her foot.
The fashion designer revealed she'd suffered a foot injury back in Feburary when in the gym. On social media, Victoria posted a photo as she iced her foot after 'falling over' in their home gym. However, former footballer David later said that his "wife's little accident in the gym was a clean break". She has since been seen going around in crutches and even had to sport a moon boot during her Paris Fashion Week show.
READ MORE: Paris Fury addresses the 'parent police' after capturing daughter's bad language on camera
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and Breaking News group by clicking this link
But she's trying not to let it stop her despite sharing last month how her foot doesn't seem to be getting better very quickly as David brought her a Kneerover bike as his wife explained he had bought her it to take pressure off her foot as she shared that her injury is "taking a long time to heal".
Taking to Instagram, the 49-year-old posted a shot of a ripped David, 48, using what appeared to be their personal gym, Victoria gave fans a glimpse of the former footballer who was sprtoing a pari of light pink shorts for his session while showing off his countless inkings across his arms, torso and legs.
"Early work out with my husband!" Victoria cheerily stated as she tagged David. Victoria, however, looked a little more tired than her husband in the next snap.
The Spice Girl could be seen sitting on the floor with her legs out straight while showing off her arm muscles lifting weights. She then admitted in the caption: "It was a tough one today @davidbeckham. But I do need to work on my facials!!! [laughing emojis]"
It comes after the loved-up pair spent the recent Easter weekend aboard a luxury yacht with three of their four children. Brooklyn, 25, Cruz, 19, and Harper, 12, wee all seen rocking the bunny ears alongside their doting parents and while their 21 year old son, Romeo, did not join them, Brooklyn's wife, Nicola Peltz, 29, was there in his place and joining in the luxury Easter fun.
Sharing a string of snaps of the group larking about aboard the boat, Victoria said: "Happy Easter!! We love and miss you @romeobeckham!! Kisses from the Beckhams and Peltz Beckhams @davidbeckham @brooklynpeltzbeckham @nicolaannepeltzbeckham @cruzbeckham #HarperSeven xx."
Victoria then later shared a video as she wrapped her arms around David whilst they sang along to Dolly Parton and Kenny Rogers' song, Island in the Stream. Both were dressed casually, with David in a pink hoodie, whilst Victoria wore a black one with her tiny grey shorts, as they sat outside the boat in the dark.
The camera then panned to the skyline in Miami as the boat cut through the water. Victoria captioned the post with a red love heart as she added: "@davidbeckham Kisses from Miami xx our video girl @nicolaannepeltzbeckham," to which daughter-in-law Nicola commented: "Phenomenal cinematography".
Those who watched David's Netflix series, Beckham, will know the couple were seen dancing in their kitchen to the same track which quickly went viral on TikTok as creators attempted to copy the simple yet romantic couple.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.