By RACHEL BOWMAN FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:02, 7 January 2024   |  Updated:  21:10, 7 January 2024   
 40
View  comments
A California restaurant has left eyes watering at its $38 price tag for avocado and toast.
The Polo Lounge at the Beverly Hills Hotel offers the expensive dish on sourdough bread with smoked salmon and heirloom tomatoes.
Yet Karen Palmer, SFGate's contributing LA food editor, argued guests are not just paying for the tasty toast - they are getting a luxury dining experience.
'The $38 avocado toast at the Polo Lounge at the Beverly Hills Hotel is totally worth it,' said Palmer.
'You're not just paying for the avocado toast. No, what you're paying for is the feels-like-you're-in-the-movies drive onto the property, up the palm-tree-lined driveway. You're ponying up for the walk down the entryway's plush red carpet and into the opulent lobby.'
The Polo Lounge at the Beverly Hills Hotel offers a $38 avocado toast, maybe the most expensive in the Golden State
The $38 avocado toast that is served at the Polo Lounge comes on sourdough bread with smoked salmon and heirloom tomatoes
The Polo Lounge (pictured) opened in 1941 with the hotel. The most famous item on the Polo Lounge menu is the McCarthy Salad, named for the polo playing millionaire Neil McCarthy
'And you're absolutely expected to shell out for the opportunity to dine at one of the most iconic celebrity enclaves in one of LA's poshest ZIP codes,' she said.
'In other words, as eye-roll-y as it may seem, you simply can't get a more LA dish in a more LA place than avocado toast at the Polo Lounge.'
A-list celebrities like Kendall Jenner, Bad Bunny, Kim Kardashian, Nick Jonas and Saweetie have been spotted at the hotel and dining at The Polo Lounge.
On The Polo Lounge breakfast menu a bowl of cereal with a banana and your choice of milk goes for $20, buttermilk pancakes or a Belgian waffle costs $30, eggs benedict costs $39 and the most expensive breakfast option is steak and eggs for $49.
Palmer said, 'I fully understand that the Beverly Hills Hotel is a luxury resort, so of course everything is expensive. But if you're going to spend a ridiculous amount of money on an LA staple you can find at just about any restaurant serving breakfast, it might as well be here — and that's doubly true for tourists and visitors who want to feel the tiniest glow of Southern California stardom.' 
The restaurant has a dress code and guest are advised to 'refrain from wearing casual hats, ripped denim, crop tops, nightwear, swimwear and men's sleeveless shirts.'
The Polo Lounge describes the food as, 'American cuisine with an Italian edge and a specials board worthy of intense daily investigation.'
The most famous item on the Polo Lounge menu is the McCarthy Salad, named for the polo playing millionaire Neil McCarthy, who had the chef create it for him back in the '40s 
Opened in 1941, the Beverly Hills Hotel became an iconic establishment earned the nickname 'The Pink Palace' and has been hosting Hollywood royalty ever since.
It became an instant celebrity hangout in the Golden Age of Hollywood with Elizabeth Taylor, Frank Sinatra, Howard Hughes, John F. Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe among its most famous guests. 
Rooms at the hotel are inspired by its famous guests, including Bungalow 22A, which was inspired by Frank Sinatra's Palm Springs home.
Outdoor dining at the Polo patio is surrounded by lush palm trees and flowers and inside the dining room is known for its iconic booth seating.
Other restaurants at the hotel include The Cabana Café, The Fountain Coffee Room and Bar Nineteen12.
The hotel is home to several dining and entertainment outlets: The Cabana Cafe, Polo Lounge and The Fountain Coffee Room
There is private seating in the garden of the luxurious hotel 
Bungalow 22A (pictured) is a light-filled 1,200-square-foot space with a terrace inspired by Frank Sinatra's Palm Springs home and channels his charismatic spirit and taste for mid-century design with an open floor plan, high ceilings, pillars and a grand piano
Palmer said while the location adds to the dining experience, the food is also good.
'First, a piece of sourdough bread is toasted and slathered with a generous serving of mashed avocado. One half is then adorned with more fanned-out avocado slices (the toast, according to Polo Lounge culinary director Ashley James, uses an entire avocado),' she said.
'The other half, meanwhile, is topped with slices of sweet, juicy heirloom tomato and paper-thin wisps of cucumber, as well as a hefty, 4-ounce pile of Santa Barbara Smokehouse smoked salmon. It's served with a lightly dressed baby kale salad with tomatoes, Persian cucumber and watermelon radish. In all, the dish could easily feed two people.'
Palmer said, 'If you're looking for a 'worth it' verdict on just the toast itself, I am sorry to disappoint. The truth is, it's not necessarily the best avocado toast I've ever eaten, and could have used more seasoning if I'm going to be nitpicky. But that's like expecting top-tier food at a sporting event, or the best croissant of your life at the top of the Eiffel Tower.'
'In Los Angeles, enjoying a lavish afternoon lunch in a sunny garden while surrounded by possible celebrities from across the entertainment kaleidoscope is something of a rite of passage. And for all the eye candy that's baked into the price of a $38 plate of avocado toast, I'd say it was worth every penny.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group