She’s the goddess of the gala.
Kendall Jenner wowed in a never-before-worn sheer black Givenchy dress on the Met Gala 2024 red carpet Monday night, but it turns out she went for not one, but two vintage 1990s looks on the first Monday in May. 
The “Kardashians” star, 28, shared a photo and several videos of herself posing in an ethereal winged dress on her Instagram Story, writing “am i dreaming or am i wearing this dress? @givenchy.” 
In the pic, she kneels on the ground while sporting the white high-low dress featuring a 3D leather breastplate that resembles angel wings. 
The dress’ silky skirt flows behind her as she poses on a white backdrop, and in a subsequent video, Jenner holds a glass of alcohol as she poses in a mirror to show off the full design, with the clip reading “Givenchy by Alexander McQueen 1997.”
The model added strappy white sandals to her look and went with minimal accessories, wearing stud earrings and carrying a tiny white bag. 
The 818 Tequila founder’s angel-like dress follows the sheer, tassel-trimmed Alexander McQueen for Givenchy look she wore on the red carpet, which was a piece from the designer’s 1999 collection. 
The gown featured a cutout at the midsection that extended around to the catwalk star’s back, showing off the top of her booty.
Jenner was actually the first person to ever wear the ‘fit, making it a true “Sleeping Beauty” in tribute to the Met Gala’s 2024 theme. Plus, her angelic mini was only ever worn once — when model Carrie Salmon strut her stuff on the catwalk itself.
For more Page Six Style ..
She made yet another style switchup for the Après Met afterparty, wearing a plunging long-sleeved white lace Vivienne Westwood minidress as she laughed and drank with ex-boyfriend Bad Bunny, 30.
“They were at the same table, laughing and flirting,” a source tells Page Six of the duo, who reportedly broke up in December 2023. “She was rubbing his head.”
Only time will tell if the couple reconciles, but one thing is for sure, Kendall was killing it with her Met 2024 looks. 
Advertisement