Danny Amendola and Witney Carson compete on "Dancing With the Stars" on ABC. The semifinals will air on Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2024.Disney
The five remaining couples on “Dancing With The Stars” will perform two new routines tonight trying to land a spot in the finale for season 33.
“Dancing With the Stars” airs at 8 p.m. Tuesday, Nov. 19, on ABC and Disney+.
“... each couple will perform one final ballroom dance style and one final Latin dance style as they battle it out for scores and votes.
“The pros and troupe will give a stunning performance to ‘Dance The Night’ by Dua Lipa, choreographed by Sasha Farber and Ezra Sosa. Additionally, there will be a special performance to ‘greedy (acoustic)’ by Tate McRae, choreographed by Mandy Moore and featuring some of the professional dancers who will be joining the DWTS LIVE 2025 Tour,” ABC said.
Fans will be able to vote at dwtsvote.abc.com or via text. Live viewer votes from the night will be combined with the judges’ scores to determine who may be in jeopardy of elimination.
Alan Bersten and Ilona Maher compete on "Dancing With the Stars" on ABC. The semifinals will air on Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2024.Disney
The couples and their dance styles and songs will be:
Co-hosts are Alfonso Ribeiro and Julianne Hough. The judges are Carrie Ann Inaba, Bruno Tonioli and Derek Hough.
Chandler Kinney and Brandon Armstrong compete on "Dancing With the Stars" on ABC. The semifinals will air on Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2024.Disney
What is fuboTV?
FuboTV is a streaming service that offers more than 100 live and on-demand channels and includes cloud DVR. FuboTV has a seven-day free trial. Channels include AMC, E!, HGTV, ESPN, NBC Sports, NFL Network, FS1, MSNBC, Food Network, Great American Living, Magnolia Network, Animal Planet, Bravo, FX, CMT, Comedy Central and Hallmark. The Pro plan is $79.99 a month, Elite is $99.99 a month and Deluxe is $109.99 a month. Add-ons include EPIX, Showtime and Starz.
What is DirecTV Stream?
DirecTV Stream provides access to more than 100 channels, hundreds of on-demand titles, the ability to stream through three devices at once, and unlimited Cloud DVR storage. Channels include ABC, HGTV, Hallmark, Bravo, BET, Discovery, Food Network, AMC, Animal Planet, CMT, Comedy Central, FX, ID, Disney, Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon and PBS Kids. Subscription package prices start at $101.98 a month with a $15 discount for the first two months, making it $86.98. The streaming service offers a five-day free trial.
What is Disney+?
Disney+ streaming service is home to Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars and National Geographic along with original, classic, live action and animated films and the newest releases from The Walt Disney Studios. Subscription plans and bundles range in price from $9.99 a month to $24.99 a month.
Stephen Nedoroscik and Rylee Arnold compete on "Dancing With the Stars" on ABC. The semifinals will air on Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2024.Disney
Jenna Johnson and Joey Graziadei compete on "Dancing With the Stars" on ABC. The semifinals will air on Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2024.Disney
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices