Kendall Jenner was caught "sneaking out" with boyfriend Bad Bunny.
The two are thought to be back on after reportedly splitting last December when their whirlwind relationship "ran its course", according to insiders. But now the pair appear to be back together, spending some time together in Miami over the weekend.
It was only a few days ago that they dined at the Puerto Rican musician's Japanese steakhouse Gekko, which he co-owns with David Grutman. Born Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio, he took Kendall to the venue's VIP room for dinner, say witnesses.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Kendall Jenner fans spot huge clue she's reunited with ex-boyfriend Bad Bunny
But it was on Sunday that the pair were spotted again in Miami, so they've clearly enjoyed a long weekend in Florida. They were photographed leaving their hotel on Sunday, wearing casual get-ups as they left via a back door in the parking garage.
The sightings come after their reconciliation rumours were first sparked after Kendall attended Bunny's concert in Orlando. She was not only seen appearing to enjoy her then former flame's music, but was even seen wearing his branded clothing.
Sporting what appeared to be Bad Bunny's New York Yankees hat, Kendall was photographed wearing his merchandise too. Sharing snaps on Reddit, fans couldn't stop talking about Kendall's appearance at the gig, with one saying: "She is also wearing his hat." Someone else said: "Cute, love how she’s wearing his merch."
However, a third commented, saying: "She looks bored af." While someone else added: "I'm just relieved. This gives me hope they've been together this whole time. Just..let me have my dream." While conversation quickly turned to Kendall's sister, Kylie, with a final concluding: "Can y'all find Kylie and timothee next?"
Benito and Kendall were first linked last February when they were seen leaving a Beverley Hills restaurant after a double date with Kendall's close friends, Hailey and Justin Bieber. The next month, it was reported that while Kendall hadn't been looking for romance, the Puerto Rican-born lyricist was growing on her and she "saw potential".
An insider told The Messenger that the split happened last December. They said: "There's no bad blood. They are even still in contact. Their relationship had been rocky due to their busy schedules", adding that Kendall "felt the relationship ran its course."
When they started dating, a source told US Weekly: "Things are not official between Kendall and Bad Bunny, but they’re seeing each other on a regular basis and getting to know each other better. It’s not super serious, but she likes him and is open to seeing where things go with him. Kendall appreciates how he treats her with respect and he makes her laugh."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.