No Doubt, Ice Spice, Blur, Sabrina Carpenter, J Balvin, Peso Pluma and more are also set to take the stage.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	The 2024 Coachella lineup officially arrived on Tuesday (Jan. 16), with Tyler, the Creator, Doja Cat and Lana Del Rey leading the pack as this year’s headliners.

	Del Rey will take the stage on Friday (April 12 and 19), with Peso Pluma, Lil Uzi Vert, Justice, Bizarrap, Deftones, ATEEZ, Everything Always, Peggy Gou, Young Miko, Sabrina Carpenter and more also set to perform. Tyler, the Creator will then headline on Saturday (April 13 and 20), with Blur, Ice Spice, Gesaffelstein, Sublime, Jungle, Dom Dolla, Bleachers, Grimes, Jon Batiste, LE SSERAFIM and more also on the bill. Doja will round out the weekend on Sunday (April 14 and 21), alongside J Balvin, Jhené Aiko, Khruangbin, Carin León, John Summit, Lil Yachty, DJ Snake, LUDMILLA, the Rose and more.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Doja Cat		
					






















	
		
					Lana Del Rey		
					






















	
		
					Tyler the Creator		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	No Doubt is also on this year’s lineup, marking the Gwen Stefani-led group’s reunion for the first time in nine years.

	Last year, Bad Bunny, BLACKPINK and Frank Ocean headlined the festival, with Ocean pulling out for weekend two and Blink-182 taking over. 2024 festival passes will be available at Coachella.com starting on Friday (Jan. 19) at 11 a.m. PT. Click here to check out tickets for either weekend. Passes are divided into three tiers and priced at $499-$549 for general admission and $1,609 for VIP. Camping passes start at $149.

	A limited number of passes are available on Vivid Seats and a few other ticket sites. Enter code: BB2024 to save $20 off purchases of $200 or more at Vivid Seats.

	See the full Coachella lineup via the festival’s Instagram post below.
A post shared by Coachella (@coachella)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.