By 

	Tomás Mier


Jennifer Lopez will be joining Kamala Harris at a campaign rally in Las Vegas Thursday, Rolling Stone has learned. As previously announced, Mexican rock band Maná will also perform at the Nevada rally.

	JLo’s appearance with the vice president will come several days after the singer shared Harris’ plan to build Puerto Rico’s economy and its energy grid. On her Instagram story Sunday, Lopez posted slides from Harris’ campaign. All of this came as backlash mounted after comedian Tony Hinchcliffe called Puerto Rico a “floating pile of garbage.”

	That same day, Rolling Stone confirmed that Bad Bunny was supporting Harris’ candidacy for president thanks to her Puerto Rico agenda. In Sunday’s video, Harris promised to bring down the cost of housing, invest in small businesses, and strengthen the island’s health care system. There are thousands of Puerto Rican voters in Pennsylvania, one of the pivotal battleground states in the 2024 election.  

	Before Lopez and Maná join her in Vegas, Harris will speak at a rally in Arizona where Los Tigres Del Norte will perform. Both events are on the same day.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	“When we all vote we can determine the direction of our country and create a better future for our community. Your vote is your voice and your power,” Lopez said in a video encouraging voter registration earlier this month. “Our voices are louder together. But the only way your voice can be heard is if you’re registered to vote.”  Last week, she shared a video singing that fans you need to “get your ass out and vote.“

	Lopez, Ricky Martin, and Bad Bunny’s public support of Harris comes a month after Puerto Rican reggaetoneros Anuel AA, Nicky Jam, and Justin Quiles made headlines for endorsing Trump for president.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.