Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Grammys night is always one of the biggest in the showbiz calendar.
From the awards themselves to the eye-popping outfits on show on the red carpet, to the odd drama and controversy, the ceremony is not to be missed. The last couple of years have seen some standout moments, including stunning performances, rousing speeches and even the making of Grammys history.
This year Taylor Swift scooped her fourth album of the year trophy, this time for Midnights. Plus Celine Dion got a standing ovation when she made a surprise appearance as a presenter, after revealing she had been diagnosed with a rare neurological condition called Stiff Person Syndrome.
The 2023 event included a stunning performance from Bad Bunny and saw Beyoncé making history. The Single Ladies star won best dance/electronic album for Renaissance, bringing her Grammy total to 32 and making her the artist with the most wins ever.
That year also included a stirring speech from Kim Petras, who won best pop duo/group performance for Unholy (with Sam Smith). Her face covered with a veil, she told the crowd: "Sam graciously wanted me to accept this award because I'm the first transgender woman to win this award."
So what will the 2025 event bring us? We have a look at when the Grammys will be held and how we can watch the nominations.
When are the next Grammys?
The curtain will go up on the 67th annual Grammys on Sunday February 2, 2025, at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
It will be broadcast live on the CBS Television Network and will stream live and on demand on Paramount+.
How to watch the 2025 Grammy nominations?
The nominations announcement is a big deal in its own right, featuring guest appearances from some major names in the music world. Fans can watch it all unfold for themselves on Friday, November 8, by following the Grammys nominations livestream event on live.GRAMMY.com. The nominations will be at 10:45 AM ET / 7:45 AM PT.
Which stars are taking part in the nominations?
A host of big names in the music industry will be taking part in the nominations livestream, including Kylie Minogue and Mark Ronson. Victoria Monet, Brandy Clark, Ben Platt and Gaby Moreno are also on the bill.
Others taking part include Harvey Mason Jr, chief executive officer of the Recording Academy, and Oprah Winfrey's bestie Gayle King.
Comedian and actor Jim Gaffigan and gospel singer Kirk Franklin are also part of the presenting line-up.
Which stars are likely to be nominated?
With just days to go until the nominations are announced, talk has turned to who might get the nod this year.
It's thought the 2025 show will see big hitters Swift and Beyoncé in the running for the album gong—for The Tortured Poets Department and Cowboy Carter respectively. But there are other less established stars who could find themselves getting a mention, including the likes of Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter. Billie Eilish also has some buzz, as does Charli XCX and Kendrick Lamar.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively covered pop culture and the world of showbiz. Julia joined Newsweek as a freelancer in 2024. She studied literature at university. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Julia by emailing j.hunt@newsweek.com.
Julia Hunt is a freelance Newsweek reporter based in the UK. Her focus is reporting on entertainment. She has extensively                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC