Meet this month's Billboard Latin Artist on the Rise.

													By
												

	Jessica Roiz

Assistant Editor, Latin

	Lomiiel always knew he had a gift, but it was put to the test only a year ago when he uploaded his debut single, “Que Chevere,” to all the streaming platforms. He’s been unstoppable since. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Lomiiel		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Inspired by artists such as Lil’ Baby, Drake, Bad Bunny and El Alfa, Lomiiel hails from La Romana in the Dominican Republic, and comes from a Christian family who’s fully supporting his dream. Although he’s making a name for himself in the dembow genre, the young newcomer has already navigated other genres, including trap, drill and reggaeton. 

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	In fact, it was because of his freestyle-rap abilities that he was initially discovered while working at a local hype store called Cuero Macho Boutique.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“I worked at the store of my now manager [Eddy Alexander Florian Rodriguez], and he saw my intention and desire to pursue a music career,” Lomiiel tells Billboard. “He was the first one to see my potential. He was also a fan of music, but neither him nor I knew what the music business was like. However, we began working together, and today we are representing and succeeding as business partners.”

	Lomiiel’s first viral hit arrived in the spring with the release of “Hay Lupita,” a song that he says connected with people all over the world because of its lyrics and flow. With its sped-up drum pattern and carefree energy, “Lupita” — about a girl who looks good and is moving her hips to the beat — has garnered nearly one million video creations on TikTok and more than 40 million views on YouTube at press time.

	On the Billboard charts, the saucy tune secured entries in the Hot Latin Songs, Latin Rhythm Airplay, Billboard Global 200 and Global Excl. U.S. charts, currently spending 12 weeks on the former.

	As the new face of dembow, Lomiiel assures he’s bringing a lot of new colors and textures to the Dominican urban movement.

	“It’s something different that was truthfully missing in dembow,” he explains. “I know my audience very well and I structure myself well for them. That’s why Lomiiel, in just nine months, has been able to get to where I am today.”

	Below, learn more about this month’s Latin Artist on the Rise.

Name: Marco Antonio Santana

Age: 20

Recommended Song: “Hay Lupita”

	










Biggest Accomplishment: “Truthfully, the success from ‘Hay Lupita’ has opened a lot of doors for me. It’s taken me to markets where very few Dominicans have gone. I also feel very happy to have bought my house and my car.”

What’s Next: “A lot of collaborations and bada– songs with American and Puerto Rican artists. Wait for a lot of new music because we’re going to go all out. In about two weeks, I’m thinking of releasing an EP.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.