Zendaya, J.Lo, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth will serve as co-chairs.
The 2024 Met Gala is almost here, and the excitement around it has continued to soar.
In previous years, we've seen everyone from Rihanna and A$AP Rocky to Zendaya flood the red carpet with a sea of extraordinary looks that we'll never forget.
In case you're wondering how all the fashion magic will unfold, not to worry! "GMA" has outlined everything you need to know including this year's theme and more.
The Met Gala was first organized and presided over by Anna Wintour in 1995 and is recognized as one of fashion's biggest nights. It also functions as a fundraiser for the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute, and aligns with the opening of its annual fashion exhibition.
The Met Gala will be held May 6, followed by the opening of the exhibition to the public from May 10 through Sept. 2.
The Metropolitan Museum of Art announced the Costume Institute's Spring 2024 Exhibition and Gala theme, "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion," last fall.
The theme will "explore notions of rebirth and renewal, using nature as a metaphor for the impermanence of fashion," according to a release from the Met.
"Sleeping Beauties will heighten our engagement with these masterpieces of fashion by evoking how they feel, move, sound, smell and interact when being worn, ultimately offering a deeper appreciation of the integrity, beauty and artistic brilliance of the works on display," Met CEO Max Hollein said in the announcement.
While the theme focuses on the exhibition and its concept, the dress code outlines the aesthetic and inspiration surrounding attendees' outfits.
Vogue announced this year's dress code, "The Garden of Time" on social media with a fun conversation of text bubbles between celebrities.
The celebrities happen to be this year's Met Gala co-chairs: Bad Bunny, Chris Hemsworth, Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya and Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour.
This year's dress code is inspired by J.G. Ballard's 1962 book "The Garden of Time," which tells the story of a count and countess who live in a villa that overlooks an extraordinary garden being intruded upon by a mob.
Echoing the scenic visualizations of the book, the dress code is about "fleeting beauty," according to Vogue. The publication also points to melancholic florals for reference.
Other references include Dries Van Noten's Spring 2014 collection that featured parrot tulip embroideries, as well as Karl Lagerfeld's flower-embellished pieces from Chanel's Spring 2015 Couture collection.
With around 600 attendees, the guest list is generally kept top secret until the evening before the event. Past guests have included everyone from Rihanna and Lady Gaga to Blake Lively and Kim Kardashian -- all wearing unforgettable looks.
The 2024 Met Gala can be viewed on Vogue livestreams hosted on the publication's website, as well as its TikTok and YouTube platforms.
Editor's note: This story was originally published Feb. 15, 2024.
24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events