Published August 1, 2024
By Cash Michaels
Do you know why Republicans simply can’t help themselves, and keep slurring Vice President Kamala Harris as an “unqualified DEI hire?”
Since I rhetorically opened that door, I could say something really nasty about the MAGA Grand Old Party at this point (and most likely will, to satisfy my gluttony for bashing bad guys, before this commentary is over).
But the fact of the matter is, Republicans and conservatives are doing it because they know they can get away with it…for now. 
Hopefully they’ll pay a price for it in November. But why do they even “go there?”
Because as a nation, we ran away from honestly discussing the tough, painful, but necessary subject of race a long time ago, leaving us ignorant, even at this late day and age, and sounding asinine when many of us demean a fellow citizen because of the color of their skin. Or use the color of their skin, in concert with their politics or culture, to justify trashing their very existence.
Conservatives are good for that low-brow, anti-social crap, and it needs to stop. But alas, we’re in the midst of a highly charged presidential election, and with MAGA folks openly throwing around loaded terms like “Commie-la,” “DEI hire” and “Dumb as a rock,” it will take nothing short of a miracle to pull this spectacle out of the bull’s toilet before it gets worse.
Having said all that, and with at least three weeks to go before the Democratic National Convention in Chicago, Kamala Harris seems to be getting her Democratic ducks in a row to formerly win and accept the party’s nomination, and march on to November with all she needs to be victorious.
Now that virtually every important Democrat has endorsed her (especially the Obamas, though it took long enough), Harris can march on with confidence (as of this writing, Sen. Bernie Sanders is dangling his endorsement in front of Kamala’s pretty nose, apparently because he wants his issues adopted. She’ll have to decide whether Bernie is worth it or not, given his significant national campaign voter base).
But make no mistake (and that’s the first thing she needs to be careful of), once Trump & Co. finally figure out how best to claw her down from that lofty perch she’s been on since Pres. Joe Biden announced that he was stepping away from the campaign, and handing her the reins, there’s going to be blood in the water.
The honeymoon will be over, as Trump’s campaign will employ every trick in the book to remind this proud woman of color what her “rightful place” is.
Remember how he paraded some of Bill Clinton’s alleged paramours out in public in 2016 just to embarrass wife Hillary to no end during her presidential campaign? It was shocking and disgusting and…it worked! Hillary got tarred and feathered for Bill’s alleged infidelities, Trump went on to the White House, and almost destroyed our country during the COVID crisis.
I’m not saying Kamala has anything near that dramatic in her background, but who says Convicted Felon Man won’t make something up for an October surprise? Trump is in desperation mode right now, and we all know he does not like to lose.
Trump will especially not like losing, again, to a Black prosecutor. So far, he’s lost to NY Attorney General Letitia James, Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg, he’s lined up to lose to Fulton County D.A. Fani Willis, and now former California State Attorney General Kamala Harris is ready, willing and able to prosecute his behind at the voting booth.
How could one convicted felon be so lucky?
But hey, Darth Donald has help. Before the Republican-led House left town for the August recess, some clown named Rep. Andy Ogles (R-TN) filed articles of impeachment against VP Harris, claiming in a nutshell that she’s screwed up her duties as southern “border czar.”
For the record, VP Harris was NEVER, EVER given that title, nor appointed to serve in that capacity by anyone!
This, from The New Republic:
“While it is true that in 2021, the vice president was assigned to lead a limited effort to address the root causes of migration from El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras, Harris was NOT by any means in charge of the border.” 
This from the White House:
 “On February 2, 2021, President Biden signed an Executive Order that called for the development of a Root Causes Strategy.”
 “Since March, Vice President Kamala Harris has been leading the Administration’s diplomatic efforts to address the root causes of migration from El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras.  She has worked with bilateral, multilateral, and private sector partners, as well as civil society leaders, to help people from the region find hope at home.  This complements work done throughout the U.S. government over the last six months to learn lessons from prior efforts and to consult with a wide range of stakeholders to inform the development of this strategy.”
    Tell me. How long does the brain need to be denied essential oxygen and sufficient nutrition before it degenerates into coming up with crazy GOP sheep dip like Ogles, Trump and the rest of MAGA are perpetrating?
Please, somebody….!
Former White House adviser Susan Rice nailed what’s really going on in this election perfectly.
“It’s a race about whether we are going to move into the future as a democracy, where every American has the opportunity to vote to have their voice heard, to have a chance to make themselves a success or whether we’re going backward to Donald Trump and JD Vance and their Project 2025 vision of America,” she said, adding that what Trump and  Vance want is an America where white Christian men are the only ones who matter.
Indeed, at least one black Florida lawmaker says calling VP Harris a “DEI hire” is a sneaky GOP substitute for demeaning her to the lowest level.
"She’s vice president of the United States. She was a senator representing one of the largest states in the entire country. And so these are just racist dog whistles whenever you hear DEI, I want you to think about the ‘N word, and we need to think about racial slurs. That‘s what they actually mean," Rep. Maxwell Frost told CNN recently.
"This is a right-wing campaign that’s going to be racist [and] misogynist against the vice president. But we‘re going to stand on the issues and what really matters is the fact that she is qualified.”
What has VP Harris accomplished during the three-and-a-half years she’s spent at Pres. Joe Biden’s side learning the ropes of leadership?
Glad you asked.
According to a “quick look” by USA Today last week, and we shared some of this first one with you earlier,  “In response to immigration concerns, Harris’ call to action was the public-private partnership Central America Forward (CAF). The idea behind CAF is to support the creation of local jobs and other measures in order to slow the flow of mass migration.”
 “CAF has generated more than $5.2 billion since its launch in 2021, and its partners include more than 50 companies and organizations that have committed to supporting economic growth in the Central America region.”
I swear, I knew nothing about those important details, probably like most Americans.
In 2021, VP Harris“…pushed for Congress to pass the John R. Lewis Voting Rights Advancement Act, which would’ve extended the protections of the 1965 Voting Rights Act and required federal approval for some local election law changes.”
Senate Republicans, however, filibustered the bill, preventing passage. Gee, MAGA votes against voting rights. Who would have imagined?!!!
Last March, VP Harris made history becoming the first president or vice president ever to visit a Planned Parenthood clinic to promote the “Fight for Reproductive Freedoms.” 
Boy did Trump and his clown car step in it when he messed with a woman’s right to choose!
In September 2023, VP Harris was assigned to oversee the first ever White House Office of Gun Violence Prevention to reduce gun violence nationally.
Hey, if Harris choses Sen. Mark Kelly, the husband of 2011 gun shooting victim Rep. Gabby Giffords, as her VP, he could rightfully oversee that office.
After Kelly helps her win the election, of course. 
USA Today reported some other notable achievements by VP Harris, but you get the picture. Contrary to what Trump and the his dumb bunny MAGA Nation have alleged, this sharp, ambitious and visionary woman has not been sitting on her hands since she’s served a heartbeat away from the presidency. 
This is going to be a rough ride, folks. Trump is going to call Harris all sorts of derogatory names pertaining to her gender and color, and VP Harris is going to repeatedly remind us that the convicted felon is a racist convicted felon, rapist and fraudster.
This is what the next 90-plus days offer us.
Dictator Don is now running around reportedly telling “christians” that “In four years, you don't have to vote again, we'll have it fixed so good you're not going to have to vote."
Anyone dumb enough not to understand that he’s promising the end of our democracy, raise your hand.
Lord help us!
You can't say that   3:39 p.m. Thursday
What happened to all the fish?   April 24, 2025
In search of kindness and civility   April 17, 2025
Time to fold 'em   April 10, 2025
Will Auditor Dave be North Carolina's Elon Musk?   April 3, 2025
Join our weekly newsletter and never miss out on new stories and promotions.
NC SPIN is proud to be able to bring its program to your location for an expanded “Mock Show” that discusses statewide issues that have a significant impact on your community.