Bieber gave a behind-the-scenes look at the tropical photo shoot for her beauty brand Rhode's newest product launch

Hailey Bieber/Instagram
 Give Hailey Bieber a bikini and she’ll be as happy as a clam. 

 A week ago, the Rhode beauty founder, 27, released a beachy campaign, also featuring top model Candice Swanepoel, for her brand’s new pineapple enzyme-infused facial cleanser.

 To officially celebrate the product launch, she took to Instagram with behind-the-scenes images of her tropical photo shoot, including snaps of her sexy swimsuit looks.

 In one photo, Bieber wears a playful seashell bikini top and barely there bottoms teamed with a cropped windbreaker.

 The mermaid-inspired two-piece shows off the model’s hip tattoos, including the word “baby” scripted near her bikini line. 

 She completed the look with glowy beach makeup and textured "just stepped out of the ocean" waves.

Hailey Bieber/Instagram
 Bieber also included a photo of herself sitting pretty in the sand. wearing a white-trimmed black one-piece and scuba gear.

 Not pictured in her carousel, but featured in the official Rhode “calendar 2024” shoot, was a snapshot of Bieber in a thong one-piece with an open back, plus bunny ears. 

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 Bieber has been spending a lot of her days on the beach as of late. 

 She celebrated the New Year with her husband, Justin Bieber, friend Kendall Jenner and reportedly Jenner’s ex Bad Bunny, during a trip to Barbados at the beginning of the month.

 Jenner, 28, shared a photo of her and Bieber in scene-stealing dresses during their seaside getaway.

Kendall Jenner/Instagram
 Bieber rocked an ethereal curve-hugging white dress while Jenner made a risqué statement in a nipple-baring yellow ruffled Helsa dress designed by model Elsa Hosk. 

 In her own Instagram photo dump, Bieber included plenty of outfit shots of her vacation wardrobe, including a cheeky green-and-yellow bathing suit. 

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)