It was only a few years ago when I tried my first ever Lindt bunny after my cousin bought me one for Easter, and it was a groundbreaking moment.


  I know they are not the cheapest chocolate to buy but I totally understand the hype – I crave them far too often and that’s saying something considering I have more of a savoury tooth.


  But when it comes to this time of year when Easter is just around the corner, it can be tempting to go overboard on buying Lindt chocolate, which although is the best kind (in my opinion), isn’t the most bank account-friendly purchase.


  So when I spotted the Aldi chocolate bunnies which launched in-store recently at a fraction of the cost, I had to see how they compared.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Aldi UK (@aldiuk)






A post shared by Aldi UK (@aldiuk)


  Priced at £1.49, the supermarket’s Specially Selected Chocolate Bunny (100g) is now 68% cheaper than the Lindt version (£3.75, 125g).


  But do they taste just as luxurious and creamy?


  To make my taste test fair, I decided to try Aldi’s bunnies first before eating any Lindt so I felt like I had a cleansed palette (if that’s a thing). I managed to get my hands on milk chocolate, white chocolate and hazelnut flavours.


  Before I even snapped off a rabbit ear, I noticed how cute the foil wrappers were and instead of a bell threaded on some ribbon around their neck, Aldi’s version had what looked like an embossed bunny medal attached to coloured bows – an adorable little twist.


What's your favourite chocolate bunny flavour?  (Image: Newsquest)


  When I started nibbling into the milk bunny from Aldi, I immediately found the chocolate to be slightly thinner than Lindt and not in a bad way.


  Due to this, it made the chocolate less sickly which I was a fan of – the same applied to the white and hazelnut bunnies too.


  I particularly preferred this to the Lindt white chocolate bunny I have tried in the past because I find it can be too sweet for me.


Recommended reading:


You won't regret buying these chocolate bunnies from Aldi  (Image: Newsquest)


  Meanwhile, the hazelnuts in the chocolate rabbit were very finely chopped and although you could visibly see them, there was no way they were going to break my newly fitted tooth crown (a huge relief for me). Plus, they were evenly distributed all over.


  But it’s the chocolate flavour and texture that I want to shout about the most.


  I’m not sure how they have done it, but Aldi may have worked out Lindt’s secret recipe.


  Because every bunny had a hint of the iconic, creamy taste and velvety texture.


  Don’t get me wrong, it wasn’t 100% the same but right from the first mouthful I was a little bit mind-blown, as I’ve never tasted any other chocolate that reminded me of Lindt so much.


  So there we have it, if you are addicted to Lindt but get put off by the price, Aldi might just save you this Easter with their Specially Selected Chocolate Bunnies.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.