Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The Los Angeles institution will bow out of the nightlife scene after 25 years on March 27. Billed as a "farewell celebration," the final night will be steered by Jimmy Smits and Paul Rodriguez.

							By 

	Chris Gardner


	The Conga Room is closing its doors.

	The Los Angeles institution will bow out of the city’s nightlife scene after 25 years with one more final hurrah on March 27. Billed as a “farewell celebration,” the final night will be steered by investors Jimmy Smits and Paul Rodriguez and feature performances and appearances by Gilberto Santa Rosa (aka “el caballero de la salsa”) among other notable names (yet to be announced) from the worlds of music, politics and culture.



	Opened in 1999 on Wilshire Boulevard by entrepreneur Brad Gluckstein, the Conga Room counted Smits, Rodriguez, Jennifer Lopez and Sheila E. as investors. The Conga Room became a go-to nightlife, special events and concert destination that boosted culture, music and entertainment. Over the years it has hosted the likes of Stevie Wonder, Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Celia Cruz, the Buena Vista Social Club, Tito Puente, Carlos Santana, Alejandro Fernández, Jamie Foxx, Fito Páez, Justin Timberlake, Jenny Rivera, Bad Bunny, Maluma, J. Balvin, Prince, Ed Sheeran, Luis Fonsi, Lenny Kravitz, Stevie Wonder, Chaka Khan, Avicii and hordes of others. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					Jamie Foxx Inks First-Look TV Deal With Fox		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					NAACP Image Awards: Ayo Edebiri, Taraji P. Henson, Samuel L. Jackson, Keke Palmer Among Night One Non-Televised Winners		
			








	The venue relocated to downtown hub L.A. Live in late 2008, and added Amaury Nolasco, Baron Davis, Trevor Ariza and will.i.am as investors. With a new location, the mission continued to focus on enhancing its tropical roots and cultural richness as the scene expanded to include genres like reggaeton and R&B. At one point, Oscar winner Foxx hosted a weekly industry night with his band. The venue has also hosted Hollywood premieres, award shows, panels and special cultural and community civic events. 

	“The Conga Room brought Latin music to the forefront, presenting both international and local artists in an intimate and upscale setting,” said Gluckstein. “It also became part of the cultural fabric of Los Angeles, hosting cultural, political and community events for a quarter of a century. As we celebrate the closing, we pass the torch to Conga Kids to continue the mission of bringing music and arts to our communities.”

	Gluckstein was referring to the nonprofit organization which serves approximately 50,000 elementary students per year across 14 school districts in largely underserved areas in Los Angeles and Orange Country. Core programs are designed to integrate “social and emotional well-being and an inclusive curriculum” by way of dances and music of the African diaspora, such as salsa, merengue, cumbia, reggaeton, authentic jazz and hip-hop. 

	










Updated at 8:53 a.m. on Jan. 31: Jimmy Smits and Paul Rodriguez are investors and not co-owners as previously reported. 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.