Some sources with "direct knowledge" chatted with TMZ, btw!
Kendall Jenner is fresh off a fabulous-looking vacation in Barbados with a buncha friends, including Hailey Bieber—the vibes of which were basically:
And at some point on this trip, fans noticed that Kendall's ex Bad Bunny also happened to be there. Mostly thanks to a clip of New Year's Eve fireworks posted by one of Kendall's friends where Bad Bunny's voice is in the background:
Amid everyone speculating that she and the musician are back together, Kendall went ahead and dropped some casual photos of herself in a barely-there thong bikini:
'Cause if people are lurking on your grid looking for Bad Bunny clues, why not, ya know?
Meanwhile, sources with "direct knowledge" tell TMZ that Kendall and Bad Bunny "remain close" and have mutual friends—hence the vacation—but claim "there's nothing romantic" going on. 'Kay!
Last month, a source chatted with Us Weekly about Kendall and Bad Bunny's split and revealed, "Friends aren’t surprised that Kendall and Bad Bunny have broken up. They never really saw their relationship going the distance anyway. Of course, they want the best for their friend, but they really didn’t feel like Kendall was as compatible with Bad Bunny as she was in past relationships with other people. At the same time, Kendall has had a few on-off relationships in the past, so they wouldn’t be totally surprised if she got back together with him at some point."
Innnnnteresting.
8 Takeaways From Prince Harry’s New BBC Interview
JoJo Says Kath Was “Uncool” to Allege She Cheated
JoJo Breaks Silence on Mickey Rourke’s Homophobia
A$AP Rocky on Sharing Clothes With Rihanna
Blake Lively Gives First TV Interview Post-Lawsuit
Princess Charlotte Will Eventually Be Worth £4B
Walton Goggins Ends Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood
Wills "Sickened" by Harry Leveraging Royal Status
Timothée's List of "Demands" for Dating Kylie 
Sydney and Brandon Allegedly Spotted Holding Hands
Is Lexi Wood Coming Back to Summer House?
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.