Kendall Jenner and Devin Booker's romance is heating up again more than 15 months after they split.
The model, 28, is reportedly trying to “figure things out” with the 27-year-old Phoenix Suns basketball player almost four years after they first started dating. Kendall and Devin sparked romance rumours in April 2020 when they were spotted on a road trip together, and the NBA star was even invited on Kim Kardashian ’s controversial 40th birthday trip to a private island in Tahiti. The couple went Instagram official in January 2021, and celebrated their first anniversary in June that same year, sharing sweet snaps of each other on social media.
She supported him in the NBA Finals later that year, and Devin was included in Kris Jenner’s Christmas tradition of sending personalised gingerbread houses to her children, with his name emblazoned on the roof of the opulent treat alongside Kendall’s. In May 2022, Devin accompanied Kendall to her older sister Kourtney Kardashian’s wedding to Travis Barker in Italy, but the couple were plagued by rumours of a break-up just one month later.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kendall Jenner has rekindled her relationship with Devin Booker but are 'taking things slow'
They later reconciled, and were spotted on date nights in Los Angeles and New York, but in November, it was sadly confirmed they had parted ways due to their busy schedules. Kendall wasted no time in moving on, and was spotted cosying up to Bad Bunny in February last year, but their romance fizzled out after nine months. Now, it’s reported the model is keen to rekindle her relationship with Devin, and a source told Entertainment Tonight that “they’re trying to figure things out”.
More than a year after they broke up, the former couple are “are actively speaking and seeing one another”, and she has the support of her famous family who think Devin is a great match for the model. “They appreciate that he has always treated her with the utmost respect,” the source added.
Kendall and Devin were spotted in the same VIP box at the Super Bowl in Las Vegas earlier this month, although they were seated separately. However, an insider told People that they are “slowly navigating a restart” on their relationship, and have “a lot of love” for one another. Just days after the Super Bowl, Kendall was spotted in Dallas when Devin was in the city for a game against the Mavericks, but the former couple were careful not to be seen together.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.