Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

They mingled with designers Ludovic de Saint Sernin and Coperni's Arnaud Vaillant and Sébastien Meyer on a balmy Paris Couture Week night.
Watches, Jewelry and Fashion Editor

Kendall Jenner lost no time on her whirlwind tour of Paris, going from a horseback tour of Place Vendôme on Sunday to a bird’s eye view on the Eiffel Tower on Monday.

	The model and luxury retailer Fwrd, where she serves as creative director, hosted an evening to celebrate Paris Couture Week at La Suite Girafe, set atop the city’s Cité de l’Architecture et du Design museum.

	And with the 2024 Paris Olympics having pushed couture up a week, that meant there were plenty of designers, models and fabulously fashionable types in attendance.

	Winding down from his show was Antony Alvarez of Bluemarble, who put away the Instagrammable hats in favor of pulling out his phone to capture the Eiffel Tower clad in the five interlaced rings that symbolize the union of five continents in the global sporting competition.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Halle Bailey Rings in Zales' New Campaign, Curation	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Hailey Bieber Revives Gucci's Tom Ford Era, Kendall Jenner Goes Oversize in The Row	
			








	Jenner arrived as the sunset was turning the Parisian skyline delicate shades of purple and pink, and was greeted by Coperni’s Arnaud Vaillant and Sébastien Meyer.




			You May Also Like		






	As trays of tequila-based cocktails and summery petit fours such as ricotta pizza and pan-seared salmon were being passed around, guests including rapper Bia, designer Emily Adams Bode Aujla, “Bling Empire: New York” star Tina Leung, Coco Rocha and Lena Mahfouf took in the sights on one of the first days of warm summer weather.

	The previous night’s Vogue World event fueled conversations.

	“Walking in a Paco Rabanne couture dress from 1967 was extraordinary — that vision,” enthused French model Cindy Bruna, who had traded it for a white Vivienne Westwood denim look with black handwritten details. “Can you imagine that a design of that time can traverse time and remain so modern and current?”

	“Someone next to me said that they were half expecting Tom Cruise to arrive in a helicopter,” confided Ludovic de Saint Sernin, who had attended the event as a guest. “That could be an idea for the next one.”

	Having just completed costumes for Violet Chachki’s residency at the Crazy Horse during Paris Couture Week, the designer was back at work preparing his fall 2025 collection, slated to be unveiled in September.

	As the skies deepend to midnight velvet, glittering stars appeared — the diamonds around the neck of Moroccan American rapper French Montana, who could be spotted greeting fellow musical artist Bad Bunny.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.