Jason Bouwmeester | July 4, 2024June 27, 2024 Entertainment, Movies, TV 
Happy Canada Day (for those of you in Canada) and Happy 4th of July (for those of you in the US) in advance! Here we are with another week and, as usual, Netflix is adding a few new shows and movies to the Netflix June 28 to July 4th list. You can also check out what’s leaving Netflix and Netflix Canada in June and July if you want to binge those first.
 Estimated reading time: 5 minutes
NOTE: Titles without a 🇺🇸 or 🇨🇦 designation after them are coming to both countries, while country-specific titles will be indicated as such.
Let’s check out the New on Netflix June 28 to July 4th list which is headlined by Eddie Murphy as he returns to Beverly Hills as Detective Axel Foley in Beverly Hills Cop: Axel F.
While not TV series or movies, Netflix is back with some new Netflix Games in June. The following games are now available (unless otherwise noted) for Android and iOS if you have a Netflix subscription.
These titles are coming at some point in June/July but not necessarily this week in the Netflix June 28 to July 4th list, so be sure to keep an eye out for them!
And now for the Netflix June 28 to July 4th list:
Being a new month, there are plenty of new additions to the New on Netflix June 28 to July 4th list on July 1st!
And there you have the New on Netflix June 28 to July 4th list. Be sure to check back next week to see what’s in store for the week following.
What will you be watching on the Netflix June 28 to July 4th list this week? Will you be checking out Eddie Murphy as Axel Foley in Beverly Hills Cop: Axel F, Nicole Kidman and Zac Efron in A Family Affair, or catching up on your backlog? Let us know on social media by using the buttons below.
Last Updated on July 4, 2024.
Techaeris was founded in 2013 by Alex Hernandez who is the Editor-In-Chief and Owner. Techaeris is fast becoming your source for technology news, reviews and all things geek/nerd entertainment related. We cover movies, comics, books, gaming, tech, and industry news all in one clean place.
Amazon Android Apple Audio audio hardware auto Bluetooth Business CES Deals Dell entertainment Facebook Forza Games gaming Google hardware reviews Headphones IOS iphone Kickstarter Laptops Lenovo Marvel Microsoft Mobile movies Movies & TV Netflix Netflix Canada Playstation 4 Privacy Razer Review Reviews Samsung Security Smartphone tech technology TV Windows 10 Xbox Xbox One