Al Pacino got candid about how he connects with his and ex-girlfriend Noor Alfallah’s 1-year-old son, Roman, as she has full physical custody of the toddler.
“He does text me from time to time,” the “Godfather” star, 83, said about his son during an interview with BBC News published Monday. 
The actor explained he has also been able to connect with Roman on a day-to-day basis through video calls.
“Everything he does is real,” Pacino continued. “Everything he does is interesting to me.”
“So, we talk. I play the harmonica with him on the other video thing, and we have made this kind of contact. So, it’s fun.”
When the “Scarface” actor welcomed his fourth child later in life, he decided to write his 2024 memoir, “Sonny Boy,” so Roman could know who his father is. 
“I want to be around for this child. And I hope I am,” he said. “I hope I stay healthy, and he knows who his dad is, of course.”
Pacino and Alfallah, 30, welcomed their son in June 2023, a year after they were first romantically linked.
In September of that year, the film producer filed for full physical custody of the toddler, and a month later she was granted joint legal custody with the father of four paying $30,000 per month in child support.
The exes, who are often spotted out together, were believed to still be dating until Alfallah turned heads when she was photographed leaving the Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles with comedian Bill Maher shortly after midnight on Oct. 6. 
The following day, Pacino confirmed that he was single, with his rep telling People, “Al and Noor are very good friends, have been for years, and are co-parents to their son Roman.”
In his memoir, the “Irishman” star admitted he never got married because he didn’t feel it “ever suited” him. 
He also shares 34-year-old daughter, Julie, with ex-girlfriend Jan Tarrant and 23-year-old twins Olivia and Anton with Beverly D’Angelo.
Alfallah, meanwhile, has reportedly gone on several dates with Maher, though they are just “friends” for now. 
The mom of one, who also isn’t interested in marriage, was recently spotted grabbing coffee with her son in Los Angeles over the weekend.
Advertisement