I have written often about Joe Biden’s decades upon decades of public lies. So has everyone else who has a computer, a laptop, a tablet, a smartphone, an IBM Selectric typewriter, a pen, a pencil, or a crayon. Lies and lies and lies. Serious lies. Interesting lies. Fanciful lies. Dramatic lies. Basic lies.  The guy is, to borrow an aphorism, a lying dog-faced pony soldier.
The time he risked his life, amid gunfire in Afghanistan, to confer a medal on a brave soldier. The time he went to jail for Black freedom, arrested in the streets of Soweto for Mandela in South Africa, at lunch counters in America, marching, boycotting, and sitting-in. The uncle who got eaten by cannibals. The children who liked to rub the gold hair on his legs. The bridge he saw collapse in Pittsburgh. The false claim that he visited the Pittsburgh temple that was attacked by a Jew-hating terrorist.
Saying that the Hunter laptop was Russian disinformation. His claim that he graduated toward the top of his law school class when he graduated a miserably low 76th out of 85. Or that he drove an 18-wheeler. Or that his house almost burned down, when it was only a kitchen fire. The lie that, as vice president, he met with students who survived the Parkland school massacre, an impossibility since he was out of office then; it was President Donald Trump who met in the White House with parents of survivors. Biden’s lie that he was at Ground Zero the very next day after 9/11. It goes on and on and on, the Energizer Bunny of lying.
He was caught plagiarizing in law school. There was his classic plagiarism of the biographical speech by former British Labour Party leader Neil Kinnock, where Biden literally repeated virtually every key claim and sentence that Kinnock said describing his life. The same biography. If Biden had been telling the truth — ROTFL! — it would have meant that we all are living in two universes, two planes of consciousness, unlocking a door with the key of imagination, beyond which is another dimension — a dimension of sound, a dimension of sight, a dimension of mind, moving into a land of both shadow and substance, of things and ideas. Yes, in brief, Biden may actually have found the entrance to Rod Serling’s Twilight Zone. And now, apparently having misplaced that key, he is having a heck of a time trying to find the egress.
It goes on and on, but here’s the thing — a spiritual and even religious manifestation: Shakespeare called it “Measure for Measure.” The Talmud calls it “Middah k’negged Middah” (same meaning). Other cultures call it “karma.” It describes a phenomenon by which the universe sets itself straight and better in balance (and more religious people would say by the direction of G-d). It is when someone simply “gets his” or hers.
In many ways, Biden’s biggest lie — because it was the most consequential and the one he actually leveraged to the presidency — was when he told America that he had no plans or interest whatsoever to run for president, no desire to go through all that. But then he heard President Trump tell reporters after the complex incident at Charlottesville that White Supremacists and Nazis are fine people. By golly, Biden heard it that day, and that shock-jolted him into running.
From Day One, President Trump’s supporters played back that press conference a zillion times to anyone who would watch or listen with an open mind to evidence the viciousness of the lie. It had been a protest over tearing down a monument to General Robert E. Lee, in Charlottesville, Virginia. Lee was the single most significant military figure of the Confederacy. There are monuments to him throughout the South. He is central in the carving at Stone Mountain, Georgia. There is a university named for Washington and Lee. He is a significant historic figure in Virginia. On the other hand, many regard him as having been an embodiment of evil for leading the fight to preserve Dixie, where slavery was a vile part of the society. As a result, there was a public demonstration. Many wanted the Lee statue torn down; their cause was just. Many wanted Lee’s monument preserved; their cause also was just. And many others were there to unite all the haters on the American extreme-hate White Supremacist Nazi right that could be gathered; their cause was despicable.
The media wanted President Trump to condemn every conservative present. However, he would not be cowed. Rather, President Trump spoke the truth: there were “very fine people on both sides.” And he separately condemned the neo-Nazis and their ilk. Immediately, the Big Lie was spread by the leftist mainstream media that Trump had called Nazis very fine people. It was a Big Lie, worthy of actual Nazis like Julius Streicher. Finally, after too many years, even Snopes finally has debunked that lie about President Trump and Charlottesville for once and for all.
Trump never said it, never praised Nazis or White Supremacists — rather, condemned them — but Biden told America that he personally had seen and heard Trump say it, and that alone was the reason he decided to run for president. And so we come to the glorious karma:
In Biden’s mind, he truly believes he still is 100 percent on the ball. He knows he had a bad debate night, even though Dr. Jill, Ed.D., exulted that he “answered all the questions,” but he truly believes he still has the right stuff. Even as everyone around him tells him to leave, practically reading to him the Dr. Seuss classic “Marvin K. Mooney Will You Please Go Now!” he won’t go. They are begging him to go by foot, to go by cow, to go on skates, go on skis, go by hat, go by stilts, go by fish, go by lion’s tail, go by mail — just please go now. And he just won’t go.
The gorgeous karma in all this is that, because he truly cannot comprehend why everyone around him is extrapolating from one public appearance in front of two media questioners that he is all washed-up, he is experiencing exactly what he has done to Trump for three years. In Biden’s mind, it is becoming a plot, a conspiracy, and everyone unfairly is starting to buy into the Big Lie about him, saying he has Parkinson’s when maybe he doesn’t, saying he is in early senility when he believes he is not. And yet, everyone now is saying it, writing it, reading it. In his mind, he is frustrated beyond words because, in his mind, they all are promoting a falsehood that has no basis in reality.
And yet he can’t stop the gossip and evil talk. To him, it is the Big Lie that cannot be set straight, and Snopes won’t help him here either. He makes a strong teleprompter speech the next day, but it won’t stop. He interviews with George Stephanopoulos and goes home, feeling he “crushed” it, and the next day even more Democrats say he must go. Even Stephanopoulos himself, as the Clinton-has-beens start laying the framework for a “Draft Hillary” tent revival movement. Soon Biden will speak at NATO and at the Democrat National Convention. Everyone will feel duty-bound to stand and cheer.
Netanyahu will come to Washington, and even though Biden wanted to boycott the visit, he now will feel obligated to meet Bibi so that the Israeli prime minister can tell the media, “I just met with President Biden, and he is sharper than ever, sharp as a knife.” Of course, Netanyahu will say that. Like, what else would he say? — “I just met with President Biden, asking for more support for Israel, and I must say I was shocked. He is gone, like Alice in ‘The Honeymooners,’ zip to the moon. Total schmendrick. I am sorry to say he has deteriorated into a complete meshuggeneh.” Bibi can’t say that. He needs to be good with Biden — or Dr. Jill, Ed.D. — for the next four months.
Biden will feel validated: “See? Everyone says I’ve still got it!” … until he reads the next week’s papers, perhaps the next day’s. He will look to Dr. Jill, Ed.D., and she will assure him: “You were great, hon. You used all the vowels, even most of the consonants!”
And so Uncle Joe will wander in a Twilight Zone of his making, the retribution that has awaited him for propagating one Big Lie too many. Measure for Measure.
Subscribe to Rav Fischer’s YouTube channel here at bit.ly/3REFTbk  and follow him on X (Twitter) at @DovFischerRabbi to find his latest informative and inspiring classes, interviews, speeches, and observations.

                                If you guys will forgive me, this is a bit...Read More 

                                Last week, after their absurd attempt to make a martyr...Read More 

                                Virginians pay an average of $1,139 in annual property taxes...Read More 

                                Justin Trudeau will be remembered as the most unserious man...Read More 

                                What do you get when you take a 40 percent...Read More 

                                It’s been a busy few weeks for Bernie Sanders, traveling...Read More 
Email (required) *
First Name 
Last Name 
 Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from The American Spectator | USA News and Politics. (You can unsubscribe anytime)
Hey, it looks like you’re enjoying our magazine! We’re glad to have you as a reader. We depend on our subscribers to keep the lights on, and we’d love to have you on the team! Here’s a discount for your first month, for which you’ll get unlimited access to our website, all of our newsletters, and a free copy of our most recent print magazine. We hope you enjoy!