Her gown features more than two million beads and took 800 hours to create.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

.
Jennifer Lopez is no stranger to the Met Gala. Over the last two decades, J.Lo has attended fashion’s biggest night a total of 13 times. This year, however, the iconic performer arrives not as a guest but as a co-host. Leading tonight’s festivities alongside Zendaya, Bad Bunny, and Chris Hemsworth, Lopez was one of the first to arrive—and set the sartorial bar high.
J.Lo paid tribute to this year’s dress code, “The Garden of Time,” in a custom Schiaparelli Haute Couture dress covered in 2,500,000 silver foil bugles and beads. The dazzling sheath gown, designed by Daniel Roseberry and brought to life by Lopez’s stylist Rob Zangardi, featured a sheer exterior, a flattering fitted shape, and a dramatic flair at the hem. 
Jennifer Lopez shimmers in a brilliant Schiaparelli dress at the 2024 Met Gala. 
The This Is Me…Now star teamed her outfit with diamond jewelry— she's wearing more than 100 carats' worth of diamonds from Tiffany Blue Book—and satin peep-toe pumps, plus a clutch to match.
On the glam front, Lopez’s makeup artist Scott Barnes crafted a shimmering look with glittery eyeshadow, a glossy lip, and rosy cheeks covered in highlighter. For a finishing touch, Lopez opted for a lightly tousled updo.
A closer look at J.Lo's glistening makeup look. 
J.Lo teased her Met Gala look earlier today on Good Morning America. When host Lara Spencer asked Lopez if she’ll “be able to walk in your look,” Lopez responded “Barely...the Met Gala looks are not about comfort.”
Which is nothing new for J.Lo. In fact, if you take a peek through her collection of past Met Gala outfits, you’ll find that each look has drama written all over it.
Last year, J.Lo honored the late Karl Lagerfeld in a custom Ralph Lauren gown that featured symbolic references. 
For the 2023 Met Gala, Lopez slipped into a sultry Ralph Lauren gown that mastered the art of cut-outs. The custom dress featured a chest-baring velvet top that flowed into a flattering silk skirt. The back of Lopez’s gown was embellished with a massive bow, an important nod to the honoree of the evening, Karl Lagerfeld. Among other distinctive design features, like tall collars and floral appliqués, Lagerfeld was known for his signature bows.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
At the 2021 Met Gala, Lopez flaunted an eye-catching Western-inspired Ralph Lauren look. 
In 2021, J.Lo wore another Ralph Lauren gown on the Met Gala red carpet in celebration of the Costume Institute’s past exhibition, “In America: A Lexicon of Fashion.” Not only did Lopez embrace striking Western-inspired pieces—like a wide-brim cowboy hat, a feathered shawl, and a leather choker—but she put her own sexy spin on her Americana outfit with a plunging neckline and a thigh-high slit that practically reached her hip.
If one thing is for certain, it's that throughout her decades-long history of attending the Met Gala, Lopez has proved her aptitude for delivering extravagance. Every. Single. Time.
.
Lauren is the Fashion Editor at Marie Claire, where she writes trend reports, shopping pieces, and celebrity news stories. Prior to Marie Claire, Lauren worked for Harper’s Bazaar and ELLE as a freelance editor with a specific focus on seasonal styles and coveted products. She also worked for Town & Country, where she developed a robust portfolio of fashion roundups and designer profiles.
Lauren graduated from the University of Pennsylvania with a bachelor’s degree in communications and a minor in journalism. While attending Penn, Lauren contributed to the university's fashion magazine, The Walk, while also interning for Philadelphia Style Magazine and EveryStylishGirl.
When she’s not exploring the world of fashion, you can find Lauren sharpening her skills as a DJ, discovering new restaurants in New York City (she’s a foodie), and spending quality time with friends and family. Follow her along at @laurenktappan.

She one hundred percent pulls them off.


From '00s favorites to short-lived hidden gems.


The late Queen found the dictator and his wife "so objectionable, so charmless, she had absolutely nothing to say to them."


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


She's taking the subtle approach to method dressing.


Her style is taking a turn toward the demure.


And she chose one of Rihanna's favorite pairs to do it.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.