KENDALL Jenner has proven it's good to be bad, after showing some major skin in a barely-there bikini.
The Kardashians star recently reunited with boyfriend Bad Bunny, after a brief breakup. 
Kendall heated up the winter nights in a tight thong bikini. 
The 28-year-old practically spilled out of the orange and white knit two-piece while standing on the beach in front of the setting sun.
In the picture, Kendall stared at the camera, while tugging at the side strings of her bikini bottom.
In another photo, she turned around, showing off her bare butt.
Fans in the comment section liked what they saw.
"Damn, Kendall looking great!" one person exclaimed, as another added: "Hottest sister hands down."
"She's definitely from heaven," noted a third. 
"I can’t breathe!!!!" a fourth person enthusiastically exclaimed. "She’s incredible!!!!!"
But "randy" fans will have to go to the back of the line before declaring their love, now that it appears she has reunited with her former beau after word broke of their split at the end of the year.
Things now seem to be good again between Kendall and Bad Bunny.
The pair rang in the new year together in Barbados along with Justin and Hailey Bieber.
Bad Bunny, 29, can even be heard celebrating in the background of a video posted by one of Kendall's friends.
Sources told The U.S. Sun that she and Bad Bunny, also known as Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio, broke up in December.
The couple kept their relationship private but were confirmed to be dating in February 2023, and an insider insisted there was no bad blood between the two after the breakup.
Kendall first hopped out with Bad Bunny on February 16, 2023, when onlookers spotted them together at the Bird Streets Club in West Hollywood.
Clubgoers claimed they saw the two making out and sharing affection until they made separate exits from the venue.
That same month, Kendall and Bad Bunny were seen on a double date with Justin and Hailey at Nobu Malibu.
On March 8 of the same year, Kendall and Bad Bunny were photographed sharing affection during a dinner date at Sushi Park in West Hollywood.
After that, Kendall and Bad Bunny were spotted together on several occasions; they were even seen together at Coachella.
Kendall did feed fans thirst recently with a photoshoot while wearing a see-through white dress.
Her photo dump on the social media platform began with a snap of her posing on the beach in a very sheer long-sleeve cut-out dress.
Ruffle fabric lined the hemlines of the ensemble, jazzing up the otherwise simple outfit.
Because the Hulu personality's attire was see-through, her bare chest was very apparent.
The cut-out portion of her look revealed her toned abs.
Additionally, Kendall holding a glass of wine while her hair and dress seemingly blew in the wind made her appear totally at ease.
"Years pass, and they seem faster and faster. Presence and time is all I can ask for. So grateful for what has past, so optimistic for what’s to come," Kendall captioned.
She continued: "Go love on the people you hold close to your heart, and don’t waste a second 2024.
"Shower me with love and laughter, gratitude and growth, patience and presence."
©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click this link: thesun.co.uk/editorial-complaints/