By
			
			Kim Stempel		

Dancing with the Stars Season 33, Episode 9 features the five remaining couples competing for a spot in next week’s finale. This week, for the Semi-Finals, each couple must perform both a Latin and a ballroom routine. Each dance is a style that the celebrity hasn’t danced before. With the finale in sight, the judges will be extra picky.
Last week, during DWTS’ 500th episode, pro Sharna Burgess returned to the ballroom. Plus, each couple gave a fan-favorite routine their own spin. It was a fun episode.
Unfortunately, it wasn’t much fun for NBA star Dwight Howard and his partner, Daniella Karagach. The duo could no longer overcome their enormous height difference and were sent home.  
Meanwhile, Chandler Kinney and Brandon Armstrong dominated with a perfect 60 out of 60. Their Argentine Tango was dramatic and sexy. Even judge Derek Hough liked it more than his original choreography for the piece. Plus, their instant Cha-Cha to Charli XCX’s Apple was a hit. “Chandler, you ate that,” Derek said, “and left no crumbs.” Bachelor star Joey Graziadei and Jenna Johnson grabbed second place with a score of 55 points.
Shout out to Sasha Farber and Ezra Sosa for choreographing a fantastic and flirty opening routine set to Dua Lipa’s Dance The Night. Then the couples left it all on the ballroom floor. The styles performed included the Fox Trot, Paso Doble, Viennese Waltz, Salsa, Cha-Cha and Tango. So, a little something for everyone.
This week is more grueling for the contestants because they must perform two full-length routines. All of the judges were more critical than usual, which added to the stress level for the couples. I think this must be the most difficult week of the season. Not only are the couples trying to land a spot in the finale, but they are fine-tuning two complete performances.
No one was eliminated eliminated in Dancing with the Stars Season 33, Episode 9!
In a twist, co-hosts Alfonso Ribeiro and Julianne Hough announced that all five competitors will dance in the finale. Yay! Of course, they had to let the final two couples panic before announcing that were safe.
Last season, DWTS also had five contestants in the finale. Usually, the finale features four couples. I must say that I can make the case for each competitor this season to have a spot in the finale.
Naturally, there have been shifts at the top of the leaderboard all season. So, while Chandler and Brandon are the front-runners, the race is insanely close. And I am happy to say that each couple has dancing chops, so this will be a thrilling competition for The Len Goodman Mirrorball Trophy.
Plus, as an extra treat, Mandy Moore choreographed a dance for some dancers who are part of the DWTS LIVE 2025 Tour. However, the night had another big surprise when Julianne peeled off her outfit and danced a super sexy routine with the male pros. Go, Julianne!
Chandler Kinney and Brandon Armstrong, along with Joey Graziadei and Jenna Johnson, tied for the highest scores in Dancing with the Stars Season 33, Episode 9.
Chandler served up a sizzling Salsa to Spicy Margarita by Jason Derulo and Michael Bublé. Judge Carrie Ann Inaba told Chandler, “You are on fire, Chandler. You are so spicy and there is a new side of you that’s coming out.” Derek added, “It’s the semi-finals, but you danced like you were already in the finals.” However, Derek would have liked more Salsa content. The duo received 29 out of 30 from the judges.
Next, Chandler’s Foxtrot also impressed. “I mean this was the most intensely sensuous Foxtrot I have ever seen,” Bruno Tonioli stated. “You went supernova tonight.” Unfortunately, Carrie Ann saw Chandler’s foot come off the ground twice. That meant a point deduction. So, the couple scored 29 for their Foxtrot. 
Joey and Jenna slayed with their Foxtrot to I Won’t Dance by Erin Boheme featuring District 78. “Fred Astaire is high-fiving you right now,” Derek stated. “That was one of the best, if not the best, Foxtrot I’ve ever seen from a male celebrity – ever.” The couple earned a perfect score of 30.
Their Paso Doble had a bit of a stumble, and Carrie Ann told Joey that he started a bit ahead of the music. Still, they earned 28 out of 30 for that performance. These two couples seem to have what it takes to win. 
Here are the combined scores for both the ballroom and Latin rounds:
I enjoyed Joey and Jenna’s Hollywood glamour Foxtrot. Of course, it is awesome that Joey is the first Bachelor to make it to the finale. Some Bachelorettes have won, but never a Bachelor. I am always impressed when a celebrity with no dance experience transforms in front of our eyes.
Danny, Ilona, and Stephen are also dancing newbies. Their journeys on the show have been up and down. Tonight, I loved Danny and Witney’s Salsa to I Like It by Cardi B, Bad Bunny, and J Balvin. Their lifts and tricks were crazy! Even the judges were stunned.
And Stephen danced his Tango with Rylee with his glasses half on his face before they fell off. The fact that he kept leading and had no depth perception is incredible. He has come so far in this competition.
Finally, I became misty watching Ilona and Alan’s Viennese Waltz to JVKE’s song, golden hour. Their dance was elegant, sweet, and tender. “You were radiant tonight in that dance. The flow, the musicality, the softness, and what you showed … you showed vulnerability,” Bruno said.
Well, I didn’t expect all five couples to advance to the finale. I thought that since it happened last year, only four competitors would move on.
In addition, the night had a celebratory feel. While there were some mistakes, it was cool seeing how far each of the contestants had come. Danny, Ilona, and Stephen have all improved so much, as has Joey.
Of course, Chandler has a dance background, so her performance level sometimes seems higher than the other contestants. However, there have been a few weeks where she and Brandon didn’t top the leaderboard.
That means that the field is open to the other contestants. This is a competitive group, and they all want to win. And, as always, the Freestyle round often decides who will walk away with The Len Goodman Mirrorball Trophy.
It looks like the Season 33 DWTS finale is shaping up to be a nail-biter!
Dancing with the Stars Season 33 airs on Tuesdays, at 8/7c on ABC and Disney+.
TELL US – WHAT DID YOU THINK OF DANCING WITH THE STARS SEASON 33, EPISODE 9? WHICH DANCE WAS YOUR FAVORITE? WHO ARE YOU ROOTING FOR TO WIN THE MIRRORBALL?
Kim has been covering television entertainment since 2013. She is addicted to Real Housewives, Pump Rules, Dancing with the Stars, and many more shows. As Staff Writer, she writes news, recaps, and features for Reality Tea.
Share article