By 

	Emily Zemler


	The cast of Happy Gilmore 2 is becoming more and more stacked. Adam Sandler confirmed that Eminem shot a “funny as hell” cameo for the sequel film, which was announced earlier this year. 

	Appearing on The Dan Patrick Show, Sandler revealed that the rapper came by the set and shot a day’s worth of scenes. The actor, who is reprising his role of the titular golfer in the sequel, didn’t confirm Eminem’s specific role, but did say, “Eminem was cool. He came by, he was great.”

	He added, “I’ve known Eminem for a long time, he’s a great guy and he came in and was funny as hell. I think we just hung out a day with Eminem and he just shot and shot and he was insane. He said a million things we can use and a million that we’re glad we have him on tape.”

	Elsewhere in the interview, Sandler confirmed several other cameos in the film, including retired golfer Jack Nicklaus, who shot a scene with numerous other golfers. Bad Bunny, Travis Kelce, and Margaret Qualley also guest in the film, as previously confirmed. Qualley got her “tiny” part thanks to husband and producer Jack Antonoff.

	










	“I saw that there was gonna to be a Happy Gilmore 2 and I emailed my agents right away and I said, ‘Anything it takes — no part is too small. Please. I gotta be a part of this, I’m begging you. Please. Whatever it takes,’” Qualley recounted on The Tonight Show earlier this year. She got Antonoff to text Sandler, claiming that she’s really good at golf. “What a good husband,” Qualley said. “And I can’t gold. He lied for the sake of the family.”

	Sandler separately appeared on The Tonight Show back in August to discuss Kelce’s cameo. “He’s a very nice guy,” Sandler said. “You guys would love him in real life. What a big, handsome guy. Funny and cool as hell. He’s a stud and he’s so funny.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	Rumors of another Happy Gilmore first emerged in March when actor Christopher McDonald, who played the antagonist Shooter McGavin in the original, revealed in an interview that Sandler had written a script for the sequel. The next month, Drew Barrymore — Sandler’s co-star in The Wedding Singer and 50 First Dates — received a semi-confirmation that Happy Gilmore 2 was “in process”. The talk show host declared: “I want it. I need it.” The film, which will debut on Netflix, has yet to get a release date. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.