ByTravis Bean
ByTravis Bean,
 Contributor. 
Zosia Mamet and Saoirse-Monica Jackson star in the new Netflix series 'The Decameron.'
As every Netflix subscriber knows, each new month brings with it a fresh slate of movie and TV shows. And compared to all the other competition, the options you get on the world’s most popular streaming platform are unparalleled. From a decades-long revival of the greatest action-comedy franchise ever to a modern twist on a centuries-old collection of medieval short stories to an A24 flick that went criminally under-appreciated and under-seen (all of which are new options on Netflix this month), you’ve got quite the lineup to choose from over the next 31 days.
So what content should catch you eye? I’m here to help. Below in the first section, I’ve listed out the biggest new movies and shows coming to Netflix in July 2024. And at the bottom of the article, you can find a full breakdown of every new option you’ll have at your disposal as a Netflix subscriber this month. Get ready for a fantastic set of material to occupy your couch time in the month of July.
Reboots are all the rage these days. And yes: some of them are unbearably eye-roll-y. But...I can’t lie. I’m super excited to watch another rendition of the Beverly Hills Cop franchise, because, in my opinion, there hasn’t been a bad movie in the bunch yet (Beverly Hills Cop II and III are awesome, by the way). Nearly three decades have passed since Eddie Murphy’s iconic character Axel Foley last patrolled the streets of Beverly Hills, but the fast-talking Detroit cop is back in Beverly Hills Cop: Axel F. Directed by Mark Molloy, the fourth entry finds Axel teaming up with his daughter Jane (Taylour Paige) and Detective Bobby Abbott (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) to uncover a conspiracy threatening Jane's life. With old friends like Billy Rosewood (Judge Reinhold) and John Taggart (John Ashton) by his side, Axel navigates a city that has changed as much as he has over the past 30 years. With Jerry Bruckheimer producing (thank heavens), the film promises a mix of nostalgia and fresh energy, showcasing Murphy’s signature improvisational brilliance.
I have such vivid memories of watching Unsolved Mysteries as a kid at my grandma’s house. Of all the nostalgic revivals Netflix has initiated over the past several years, this one hits home more than any—which is why I’m so excited for the rebooted show’s long-awaited fourth season. This season, directed by Robert M. Wise, Skye Borgman and Gabe Torres, continues the tradition of exploring unexplained deaths, mysterious disappearances and eerie paranormal activity that somehow infects this world on a daily basis. As always, each episode delves into a different enigma, inviting viewers to piece together clues and theories collected by those who dedicate themselves to soling life’s biggest mysteries. With gripping narratives and haunting re-enactments filling the time, the series maintains its legacy of compelling storytelling. Executive producers Terry Dunn Meurer and Shawn Levy ensure that this volume stays true to the essence of the original while bringing fresh, modern perspectives to the cases.
Of all the young, rising actors making their marks in Hollywood, I have to say: I’m most excited for Jeremy Pope. Just one of a few actors in history to be nominated for two Tony Awards in separate categories in the same year, Pope has translated his thespian skills from the stage, where he played powerful black figures like Eddie Kendricks in Ain’t Too Proud and Jean-Michel Basquiat in The Collaboration, to the big screen, where gave his portrayal of Jackie Wilson in One Night in Miami. But his best film role came in the form of gay Marine named Ellis French, a fictional character inspired by director Elegance Bratton’s real-life experience in the Marine Corps during the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" era. A24’s The Inspection centers on this determined recruit who faces intense scrutiny and hostility, from both his estranged mother (played by Gabrielle Union), whose acceptance he desperately seeks, and the military itself. But as Ellis endures the grueling challenges of boot camp, he finds unexpected camaraderie and resilience.
Consisting of 100 tales told by ten young people who seclude themselves in a villa outside Florence to escape the plague, Giovanni Boccaccio's The Decameron was written between 1348 and 1353 during the aftermath of the Black Death, offering a poignant and dramatic setting that spanned various genres like romance, comedy, tragedy and adventure. With those all remaining winning formulas for great television to this very day, The Decameron remains timeless and relatable—and perfectly suited as source material for a what appears to be a super entertaining Netflix series. Set against the backdrop of that infamous bubonic plague, the first season of Kathleen Jordan’s new show The Decameron follows the aforementioned group of nobles and servants seeking refuge, all while social norms erode and their lavish escapades descend into chaos. Featuring a talented ensemble cast that includes Tony Hale, Zosia Mamet and Saoirse-Monica Jackson, the trailer for this new show promises to mix historical drama with modern sensibilities in enjoyable, provocative, hilarious fashion.
One of the best moves Netflix made in recent years was the deal it struck with Studio Ponoc, which was founded in 2015 by former Studio Ghibli producer Yoshiaki Nishimura—the man who received an Oscar nomination for The Tale of Princess Kaguya, followed by another the very next year for When Marnie Was There. And the very first film of that partnership, which takes place in a world where imaginary friends are as real as the children who conjure them, is The Imaginary. Directed by Yoshiyuki Momose, this animated adventure follows Rudger, the invisible companion of young Amanda. But when Amanda's belief wanes, Rudger finds himself in the Town of Imaginaries, facing a mysterious threat. Featuring a Japanese voice cast that includes Kokoro Terada, Rio Suzuki and Sakura Ando, as well as an English-language cast that includes Louie Rudge-Buchanan, Hayley Atwell and Kal Penn, The Imaginary offers a visually stunning world for both adult and child viewers where light and shadow play a crucial role
It’s hard to describe how huge Lost was back in 2000s, when J. J. Abrams & Co. took suspenseful, flashback-heavy (as well as flash-forward heavy), constant-cliffhanger style storytelling to a whole new level. The “Man in Black,” Penny’s boat, the iconic line of “We have to go back!”—it was such a moment in television that captured so many millions of viewers’ attentions that, to nobody’s surprise, the show has endured long after its epic finale. For those who don’t know the plot and are looking to finally discover this series: Lost centers on a plane crash that strands the survivors on a mysterious, uncharted island, where their struggle for survival quickly turns into a quest to unravel the terrain’s many secrets. Created by Abrams, as well as Damon Lindelof and Jeffrey Lieber, this groundbreaking series ran from 2004 to 2010 and featured an ensemble cast including Matthew Fox, Evangeline Lilly, Terry O'Quinn and Michael Emerson. Each season weaves together the survivors’ experiences with crazy time-jumps that explore their complex backstories and ultimate destinies. As they encounter enigmatic characters, supernatural phenomena and the ever-present threat of the "Others," the survivors grapple with faith and redemption in ways few other shows ever have.