Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Kendall Jenner reshared a spicy photo amid her revived romance with Bad Bunny.
July 9 2024, Published 5:00 p.m. ET
Model Kendall Jenner made waves online when she reposted a nude photo of herself after she was spotted with former flame Bad Bunny, RadarOnline.com has learned. 
Jenner, 28, reshared a snap from June 2022 — which she initially posted following her split from NBA star Devin Booker — and followers were quick to call out the timing of the model posting the spicy picture. 
Jenner originally posted the spicy in June 2022 after her split from Booker. 
In the Instagram photo, the 28-year-old runway beauty is laying naked on a sun chair wearing only a green baseball cap as she scrolls her phone. 
Jenner first shared the steamy picture a week after her breakup from Booker was announced. The pair dated for two years before calling it quits in the summer of 2022. 
Sources said Jenner and Booker went their separate ways because they were not on the same page about their future, according to insiders.
At the time, followers speculated the risqué snap was a diss at her ex. One commented, "Love me some breakup posts," and another noted, "Single energy..."
On Booker and Jenner's split, a source told ET that "Kendall feels like they're on different paths." 
The tipster said the pair had "discussions about their future" but were ultimately "not on the same page." 
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
Jenner was romantically linked to the Puerto Rican rapper after her split from the NBA star.
After her romance with the NBA player ended, Jenner was romantically linked to the Puerto Rican rapper, whom she dated for less than a year before calling it quits in December 2023. 
Weeks later, Bunny and the model were seen together on New Year's Eve on a tropical vacation with friends. In January, a source revealed the former couple "have been reconnecting again."
Bunny and Jenner rekindled their romance weeks after their split in December 2023. 
"They are very different people and nobody ever saw their relationship going the distance, but they have a lot of fun together and missed each other since the split," the insider noted. 
Months after news broke that the rapper and Jenner were "reconnecting," the pair made headlines when they were caught having a cozy moment together at a Met Gala afterparty in May. 
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Fast forward to Jenner and Bunny's latest viral moment together, the pair attended a Paris Fashion Week event together in France, when they were seen leaving the FWRD event at the La Girafe seafood restaurant. 
While in Paris, Jenner shared a dreamy set of photos taken at the famous art museum, the Lourve. While Bunny was not seen in any of the pictures posted to Jenner's Instagram, that didn't savvy fans from calling out the model's renewed relationship with the rapper. 
"[W[e know who took these picssss," commented one follower. Another sly fan noted, "iconic date night" with a heart and bunny emojis. 
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.