Puerto Rican musician Bad Bunny shared an 8-minute video with his 45 million Instagram followers, highlighting the history of Puerto Rico and its people, two days after a comedian at a Trump rally in New York described the island as “garbage.”
The post, captioned “garbage,” highlights a diverse range of Puerto Ricans — politicians, athletes, pageant queens, musicians, and artists.
Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio, known as Bad Bunny, endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris on Sunday by sharing a video of the Democratic presidential nominee shortly after comedian Tony Hinchcliffe made disparaging remarks about Puerto Rico at Donald Trump’s rally in New York City in which he referred to the state as a “floating island of garbage.”
A post shared by Benito (@badbunnypr)
Hinchcliffe also made vulgar remarks about Latinos about how they “love making babies.”
Advertisement
“I will never forget what Donald Trump did and what he did not do when Puerto Rico needed a caring and a competent leader,” Harris said in the video. “He abandoned the island, tried to block aid after back-to-back devastating hurricanes, and offered nothing more than paper towels and insults.”
Puerto Rican artists Jennifer Lopez and Ricky Martin shared Harris’s video on their Instagram accounts, each voicing their support. Together, the three stars reach over 314 million followers on Instagram.
In an Instagram story followed by Hinchcliffe remarks Martin wrote in Spanish, saying: “This is what they think of us. Vote for @kamalaharris.”
The Trump campaign said in a statement to the Associated Press that Hinchcliffe’s joke didn’t reflect Trump’s or his campaign’s views.
Advertisement
On Tuesday, Trump held a news conference at his Mar-a-Lago club in Florida where he accused Harris and her team of running a “a campaign of absolute hate” and “trying to destroy our country.”
Trump avoided addressing Hinchcliffe’s controversial comments about Puerto Rico, instead focusing on his Madison Square Garden rally, describing it as a “lovefest,” a term he once used to described the the Jan. 6, 2021, riot at the US Capitol.
Former President Donald Trump on Madison Square Garden rally: "The love, the love, the love in that room. It was breathtaking...it was like a love-fest...Many people have used it...nobody's ever had love like that. That was love in the room, and it was love for our country!" pic.twitter.com/95PhwsNu3g
Trump praised his rally at Madison Square Garden, where some speakers made racist, sexist, and crude remarks, saying, “there’s never been an event so beautiful.”
Bad Bunny ended the video with a note from him in Spanish saying “We have been fighting since day one of our existence, we are the definition of heart and resistance.”
Material from the Associated Press was used in this report.
Alyssa Vega can be reached at alyssa.vega@globe.com.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information