All season long, "RuPaul's Drag Race" fans have been making their predictions at Gold Derby for who they think will win Season 16, and who will be eliminated next. After the ousters of Hershii LiqCour-Jeté, Mirage, Amanda Tori Meating, Geneva Karr, Megami, Xunami Muse, Plasma, Mhi'ya Iman LePaige and Dawn, the next boot is expected to take place on March 29. Based on our updated racetrack odds, which are derived from the predictions of "Drag Race" fans like you, Morphine Love Dion will sashay away in Episode 13. Do you agree or disagree with your fellow viewers? There is still time to make your picks at Gold Derby before the cut-off time on Friday night at 5:00 p.m. PT.
Morphine is a 25-year-old drag queen from Miami, FL. Here is her official MTV bio: "Body, beauty and 'mug': just what the doctor ordered. Morphine started out doing makeup tutorials on social media. Now, she is the self-proclaimed 'It Girl of Miami.' Can this trained dancer – who has been featured in Maluma and Bad Bunny music videos – cha cha her way to the top of the competition?"
SEE ‘RuPaul’s Drag Race’ winners list: Every season, plus ‘All Stars’
So far during this Sweet Sixteen season, Morphine has been in the Top 2 just once (during "Werq the World" week) and has appeared in the Bottom 2 three times ("Snatch Game," "Corporate Queens" and "Bathroom Hunties"). She is the only queen in the Final 5 to not win a main challenge, making her extremely vulnerable as the finale approaches.
In Gold Derby's elimination predictions for "Drag Race" Episode 13, Morphine Love Dion has leading 2/7 odds to go home this week. She is followed by Q in second place with 19/5 odds, Plane Jane in third place with 66/1 odds, and "No One" in fourth place with 100/1 odds.
At the end of the competition, the winning queen from "RuPaul's Drag Race" Season 16 will claim the $200,000 grand prize and join the show's iconic winners list. This year, host and producer RuPaul Charles is joined on the panel by regular judges Michelle Visage, Carson Kressley, Ross Mathews and Ts Madison, plus a cavalcade of guest judges.
SEE exclusive predictions: Who will win 'Drag Race'?
Be sure to make your predictions to influence our reality TV racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next episode airs on MTV. You'll compete to win eternal bragging rights and a spot on our "Drag Race" leaderboard. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our reality TV forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
So upset that Morphine was eliminated tonight! Not sure if I’ll finish watching this season.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media