Filed under:
The Utah Jazz are saturating their roster with young talent. Is Collin Sexton doomed to be cast aside, or is he an integral cog in Utah’s future?
Collin Sexton: the one they call Young Bull and the 6-foot-3 combo guard out of Marietta, Georgia garnered quite the reputation as a high school hooper. With a tenacity and drive that could only be rivaled by the likes of Russell Westbrook or the Energizer Bunny, 
Sexton’s high school tape reminds me of an old-school Super Nintendo classic; with every dunk, drive, and 3-ball, Collin makes one thing abundantly clear: he has a killer instinct. When Collin steps on the court, he is not there to make friends or coast through a game. His mindset is simple: win or die trying.
His eyes tell a simple story when he gets a whiff of a driving lane: get out of the way, or I will obliterate you. Like Spitz, the guard beagle of Boggis’s chicken farm, the number one rule of competing with Sexton is to never look him directly in the eyes or you may risk enraging him.
He’s carried the same level of intensity from his high school days through his days at Alabama, where his skill set was on full display. In a matchup against Minnesota where all but 3 of his teammates were ejected from the game on a technicality, Sexton nearly took down the Golden Gophers single-handedly, scoring 40 points and bringing Minnesota’s lead down to 3 points before the Crimson Tide faced their inevitable defeat.
Sexton certainly validated his recruiting ranking, where he was named the top point guard of the 2017 class and the 4th rated prospect overall. He entered the NBA as the 8th overall pick in the loaded 2018 draft class and was named the heir apparent to the Cleveland throne following the departure of one fella named LeBron (I had never heard of him, either).
But these days, we know Sexton as the embodiment of the young and scrappy Utah Jazz. The combo guard who battles, scores, and sets the tone in Salt Lake City has shown real improvement in rounding out his game, and he’s quickly become a fan-favorite in Utah. But with the influx of young players (especially young guards) flooding the Jazz’s depth chart, the big question surrounding Sexton is if he has a place in Utah long-term, or if he’s destined to be cast aside in favor of the youth movement creeping up behind him.
He’s still only 25 years old, and has plenty of room to grow, but if the Jazz become infatuated with the potential of players like Keyonte George and Isaiah Collier, Sexton may be in danger of losing minutes to his backups. If we want to anticipate the future of Collin’s partnership with the rebuilding Jazz, we’ll first need to learn about how he got here. Let’s take a peek into Sexton’s past to better understand his role with the Jazz to come.
Entering the league with the bottom-feeding Cavs, Sexton thrived as their lead guard and earned All-Rookie accolades. Collin was a scoring machine and hustling revelation. By all signs, Collin Sexton was the future of the Cleveland Cavaliers, right? Well, I wouldn’t be so quick to assume. Only one season removed from drafting Sexton, the Cavs nabbed another young point guard in Vanderbilt product, Darius Garland. A sign of bad faith from the Cleveland front office? Perhaps, but they insisted that both players were part of their future plans and that neither young guard would replace the other. 
Sound believable?
In the early years, Sexton continued to improve, and Garland was named the “worst player in the NBA” as a rookie (yes, really). Clearly, Collin was the better option, right? 
While the Young Bull’s stats continued to rise, the Cavs weren’t getting any better overall. the prevailing opinion on Sexton was that his stats were “empty calorie numbers”. Essentially, his impressive per-game stats didn’t translate to wins, and he was slapped with the distinction as a selfish, non-winning player.
Early into the 2021-22 season, Sexton suffered a season-ending meniscus tear, and Garland rapidly improved to an All-Star level of play in his absence. At the end of the season, everyone believed that Sexton’s role on the team was now redundant with DG in peak form. Just as when Rachel returned to Ralph Lauren after her maternity leave, Sexton returned to the Cavs post-injury only to learn that his understudy had become his replacement.
Sexton was the obvious inclusion when Cleveland went all-in to pluck Donovan Mitchell out of Utah—to the point that hardly anyone noticed that Lauri Markkanen was shipping off to Utah too.
In Utah, Sexton had to wait for his time in the limelight. Playing backup to Mike Conley in the early days of the Jazz rebuild was a unique position for a player who had been used to leading the charge his whole life, but he embraced the role well. 
Sexton’s patience was rewarded, as the Jazz dumped Conley off to Minnesota simply because Utah was too good to be rebuilding. Stepping into the starting role, Sexton took a minute to shake off some rust. By the 2023-24 season, though, Sexton was the same beast, but a different animal (what does that even mean?). 
Last season, Sexton averaged a career-high in assists per game, while operating primarily as a shooting guard. Setting career lows in turnovers and fouls per game as a Jazzman, Sexton is intentionally cutting away at his game—clarifying and refining what makes him valuable, while chipping away the excess noise.
Removing what is not necessary to achieve his peak form is an admirable skill that takes long periods of dedication and intentional decision-making. I wouldn’t be surprised to learn that Sexton had attended the Big Z school of surfboard shaping—he’s taking long, smooth strokes to build himself the perfect vessel for peak performance. The ideal version of Collin Sexton is somewhere in there; he just has to find it.
Now, this is all well and good, but despite his improved level of play and impressive adjustments to his play, I can’t help but wonder if he has a place with the Jazz for the long haul. As Danny Ainge and the front office begin to go all-in on young players, how long will it be before enough young players hit and begin to force the team to make a decision.
As it stands right now, Sexton’s position in Utah seems secure, and he’s been the perfect compliment to aid Keyonte’s development. With a new point guard in Isaiah Collier coming up behind him, Sexton will be a valuable mentor to Utah’s rookie guard.
But in a few years, when the Jazz are (hopefully) ready to turn up the heat and begin targeting championship contention, where will Sexton’s place be in a highly competitive depth chart? Despite showing consistent improvement year-to-year, we seem to have a decent grasp on Sexton’s ceiling as a player. What he displays now is likely nearing his peak performance as a player—to expect him to reach All-Star status may be a bit far-fetched.
Utah’s young core continues to develop and time continues to pass. My big question is this: will Collin Sexton still be a starting PG/SG when the Jazz are title contenders? I believe that the “empty calorie stats” days are behind him, but when it comes time to contend for a championship, where will Sexton’s talents take him?
I could see his future going either way—as a longstanding aspect of Utah’s future success, or as a valuable contributor whose limited ceiling becomes a stumbling block when the young stars finally catch up to the Young Bull. Let me know what you think.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.