2024 was a time for serious music lovers: Some of the biggest tours of the year delivered plenty of star power (hello, Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour), not to mention some memorable fashion moments. Whether you were sitting front row or in the nosebleeds, it was impossible not to notice the variety of glitzy performance looks that graced the stage—be it the outfits covered entirely in sequins, or created custom in tulle and silk. In honor of all the live music action, Vogue is rounding out the year by looking back on some of the most fashion-forward acts to hit the road.
Of course, it wouldn’t be a tour roundup without acknowledging the most prominent one of the year. With her Eras Tour, Taylor Swift broke countless records, including headlining the highest-grossing tour ever. Matching the huge magnitude of the show were spellbinding looks styled by Joseph Cassell Falconer. Swift wore custom bejeweled pieces by labels such as Versace, Roberto Cavalli, and Oscar de la Renta. Add to those looks her sparkly Christian Louboutin boots, and she had one of the most exciting tour wardrobes of the year.
But it wasn't just Swift who brought her style A-game to the stage this year. Other top acts that wowed crowds with their outfits included Billie Eilish and her stylish sporty gear; Sabrina Carpenter and her sequin-covered corsets; Bad Bunny and his slick leather suits; and Lana Del Rey in her ethereal prairie girl dresses. No matter what the fashion direction of these performers was, the looks harkened back to their signature sounds—creating singular moods for their shows that transported audiences through clothes.
Below, explore some of the most stylish tours of 2024.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty