The six-day event has also confirmed Ha*Ash, Sebastián Yatra, Bacilos, and Myriam Hernández who will return to the fest after 23 years.

													By
												

	Isabela Raygoza

Associate Editor, Billboard Español

	The 64th annual Viña del Mar International Song Festival, scheduled for Feb. 23-28, has been announced. During a special broadcast by Mega on Sunday night (Nov. 17), the eclectic lineup for the upcoming festival was revealed, and will feature Marc Anthony, Ha*Ash, Carlos Vives, Miryam Hernández, Duki, Sebastián Yatra and Bacilos. More performers are expected to be added to the Chilean festival’s roster.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Carlos Vives		
					






















	
		
					Duki		
					






















	
		
					HaAsh		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Marc Anthony, who performs Feb. 23, returns to Viña del Mar as part of his Historia Tour. With a career spanning more than three decades, the salsa superstar has achieved eight No. 1s on Billboard‘s Hot Latin Songs chart, multiple Grammy and Latin Grammy awards and numerous RIAA certifications. His discography includes hits such as “Contra La Corriente,” “El Cantante,” and “Vivir Mi Vida.” This will be his fourth appearance at Viña, having previously performed in 2009, 2012 and 2019.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Myriam Hernández, who will take the stage on Feb. 24, will be back for the first time in 23 years. Known for her romantic essence, the Chilean singer has charted 13 singles on Hot Latin Songs and six times on Latin Pop Albums. In 2024, she was recognized as a Fundamental figure of Chilean music by the Sociedad Chilena de Autores e Intérpretes Musicales.

	Carlos Vives returns to Quinta Vergara on Feb. 26 after performances in 1996, 1998, 2014 and 2018. This year, he has been touring Europe and Mexico with his latest tour, El Rock de Mi Pueblo Vive. The vallenato revivalist was recently honored as the 2024 Person of the Year by the Latin Recording Academy in Miami. In 2020, he was inducted into the Billboard Latin Music Hall of Fame.

	Ha*Ash, composed of sisters Hannah and Ashley, will bring their country pop-rock to Quinta Vergara on Feb. 24. Known for songs such as “Ex De Verdad” and “Perdón, Perdón,” the Mexican-American duo have gained recognition across Latin America, the U.S. and Europe. Currently, they are touring the U.S. and Mexico with their latest album, Haashville.

	Performing on Feb. 23 and led by Jorge Villamizar and André Lopes, Bacilos gained fame in the early 2000s with a series of hits including “Tabaco y Chanel,” and “Caraluna.” With a discography that includes six studio albums, two compilations and two EPs, the Miami-based band has earned a Grammy and five Latin Grammys. This year, they released their newest album, Pequeños Romances.

	










	Sebastián Yatra will also be joining the 64th annual event on Feb. 25. Prior to that, the Colombian singer will debut as Billy Flynn in the Broadway musical Chicago kicking off Nov. 25. A Latin Grammy winner and Grammy nominee, the Colombian singer is celebrated for his mix of romantic ballads, Latin pop and reggaeton rhythms.

	Duki will make his first appearance on Feb. 28 at Quinta Vergara as a pioneer of Argentine trap. A Latin Grammy-nominated performer, he boasts over 10 billion streams across all platforms. Duki has collaborated with artists including Bad Bunny, Wiz Khalifa, Arcángel, Bizarrap, Eladio Carrión and Mike Towers. Among his top hits are “She Don’t Give a Fo,” “Rockstar,” “Givenchi” and “No Vendo Trap.”

	Dubbed the world’s largest Latin music festival, the event showcases a blend of superstars, up-and-coming artists and local talent over six days vying for the Silver, Gold and Platinum “Gaviotas,” the event’s coveted awards. These awards are determined by a jury, with input from viewers at home.

	Launched in 1960, Viña del Mar is held annually at Quinta Vergara, a 15,000-capacity amphitheater located in the Chilean city of Viña del Mar, in the central coast region of Valparaíso. 

	This year marks the inaugural collaboration between Megamedia and Bizarro Live Entertainment. Additionally, Disney+ will broadcast the event across Latin America, while Billboard will offer exclusive content and specials globally via the website.

	Check out the full line-up below:
A post shared by Festival de Viña del Mar (@elfestivaldevina)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.