Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The singer and Fenty Beauty mogul also chatted about what she says is going to be "amazing" new music: "It has to be — that is the only reason it's not out yet."

							By 

	Nicole Fell


	Celebrating the launch of her Fenty Beauty Soft’lit Foundation at an event in Los Angeles on Friday, Rihanna dropped some hints about her always highly anticipated Met Gala look.

	“I’m actually just keeping it real simple this year,” the 36-year-old singer and beauty mogul told Extra on the red carpet.



	“I think it’s gonna come to what my makeup and what my hair is going to do,” she continued. “We wanna play with that, but I have no idea what I’m gonna do with that.”





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Business
			



	
		
					Webby Awards 2025: Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Kendrick Lamar, Taika Waititi Among Winners		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Want to Access L.A.'s Hottest Style Secret? Check into a Chic Hotel		
			








	Rihanna’s Met Gala selections are often the talk of the town and a hit on social media. Last year, the star closed out the Karl Lagerfeld-themed red carpet in a Chanel-inspired, camellia flower-covered hooded gown by Valentino with a long skirt train. She topped off the outfit with fingerless gloves as an homage to Lagerfeld.

	










	The singer also spoke with Extra about her music plans. “It’s gonna be amazing,” she told the outlet. “It has to be — that is the only reason it’s not out yet.” 

	“There should be a show of growth, right?” she later continued. “I want to play, and I feel like music is a playground, and I want to have fun with it and show truly where I am at.” Rihanna also added that she isn’t big on musical collaborations but feels they have be “very intentional” when they do happen. 

	The 2024 Met Gala is set to take place May 6 at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. This year’s Costume Institute exhibition theme is “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion”, and the night’s hosts are Zendaya, Bad Bunny, Jennifer Lopez and Chris Hemsworth. The dress code for the gala is “The Garden of Time,” inspired by a J.G. Ballard short story. Vogue’s Anna Wintour has also communicated that guests’ outfits should convey the idea of “fleeting beauty.” 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.