By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Footwear News may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
Updated August 5, 2024: This guide to the best Crocs shoes was updated with new product releases and more insight into Crocs history.
Crocs Classic Clogs are some of the most iconic shoes in all of footwear — in fact, their incredible popularity and perennial function earned them a spot on Footwear News’ Greatest Shoes of All Time ranking this year. The most comfortable Crocs shoe styles have expanded to fit all kinds of needs and occasions, including sandals, boots, slides, and everything in between, while providing plush cushioning, slip-on convenience, and affordable price points that come in handy in any season, from travel to back-to-school shopping.

 









Some of Crocs’ imaginative designs are so buzzy, so bold, and so willing to go where no shoe has gone before that they sell out almost immediately. This is the case with the styles featured in Simone Rocha’s Crocs collaboration in 2024, which debuted at London Fashion Week with jewel Jibbitz adornments, or the scented Crocs x Bath & Body Works sandal line that fronted a trendy gingham pattern. Other drops, like the fan-favorite Lightning McQueen Crocs, Hello Kitty collection, or Spider-Man Crocs, added a dose of heart-warming nostalgia to function-forward footwear.




			Watch on FN		





Still, further evidence from superstar-sized collaborations with brands like Mattel (Barbie, anyone?) and celebs such as Paris Hilton, Bad Bunny, Luke Combs, Jacob Collier, and SZA show that Crocs has infiltrated the cool crowd. The once-humble boating shoe dipped its perforated toe into the luxury fashion space with cutting-edge designer team-ups from Balenciaga to Kurt Geiger and Christian Cowan. From there, Crocs made their way onto the red carpet. For instance, supermodel Brooke Shields and Justin Bieber have both posed for cameras in signature yellow Classic Clogs. And, Bieber, who collaborated with Crocs in 2020 and 2021, famously went viral in 2023 for wearing his Jibbitz-adorned yellow Clogs as he rode a CitiBike around New York City.
Name-dropping aside, another reason for Crocs’ upward trajectory is the general shift to more casual fashion, as evidenced by jeans in the office and trends favoring oversized silhouettes versus tailored fits. As fashion leaned into loungewear in the early years of the pandemic, comfy Crocs followed suit as a wardrobe essential. Crocs went on to win Footwear News Awards for 2020’s Brand of the Year, while the Crocs Classic Clog was crowned FN’s 2021 Shoe of the Year — not to mention the Salehe Bembury x Crocs collaboration, which just dropped two new Saru Clog colorways — also earned FN’s 2023 Collection of the Year Award.

 









If you’re fed up with blisters and toe-crunching pointed toes, it’s hard to resist the cushioned footbeds and wide rounded toes inherent to Crocs styles. These features also make them a choice pick among those with wide feet or other common foot concerns like bunions and plantar fasciitis. Whether in workplace-appropriate attire, as seen in the Crocs At Work line, or as footwear that wears well in every season, you’d be hard-pressed to find a function Crocs doesn’t make a shoe for. Chief among the reasons Crocs has become the generation-defining footwear brand is its prowess in appealing to every kind of shoe lover, which starts in its impressive catalog of designs and follows through with its inclusive style sizing for all genders. Plus, Crocs continues to lead shoe trends with comfort-focused iterations of fashionable silhouettes, from Mary Jane shoes to fisherman sandals and even platform pumps.
Below, discover some of the most comfortable Crocs styles available right now.
Touting function above anything else, it probably won’t surprise you that Scott Seamans, Lyndon “Duke” Hanson, and George Boedecker, the creators of Crocs, originally designed the shoe in 2002 to serve a need, not a want. They made all those key features we see today, like the water-resistant finish, lightweight material, and easy slip-on style, for boaters who sought a shoe that could handle the wear and tear of days on docks. Though today their signature 13-hole design serves the dual purpose of holding Jibbitz, the intended purpose was to increase ventilation and wick water away. In fact, Crocs didn’t start bedazzling bits and baubles onto clogs until 2005, going on to acquire Jibbitz in 2006. 

 









Over a decade after its inception, Crocs had sold over 300 million pairs by 2017. That same year, brand started its transition from the boardwalk to the catwalk when Christopher Kane sent his models out on the runway, not in teetering stilettos, but in comfortable, thick-soled Crocs. Momentum built from there, and Crocs began partnering with headline-making figures such as Post Malone and Justin Bieber, along with household name brands like General Mills and McDonalds. More recently, Crocs debuted its first-ever collection with Christian Cowan in the label’s spring 2023 show. Of course, we also have TikTok to thank for its celebration throughout fashion’s zeitgeist — viral videos of users praising the comfortable footwear boost the brand as an all-encompassing fan-favorite.
Over the years, Crocs has expanded beyond its Classic Clog to invite new silhouettes that fuse fashion with function. From outdoor shoes like Hiker Xscape Clogs to supportive sneakers, trendy sandals, fuzz-lined slippers, and even tote bags made with Croslite foam, the world of Crocs continues to expand with each season. Today, new Crocs shoe releases rank among the hottest footwear drops of the year — like the Juniper sneaker, which debuted in May 2024 and sold out within minutes, catapulting the brand to sneakerhead-approved status. Additionally, Crocs stays committed to its sustainability goals. In 2023, the brand pledged to become net zero by 2040, while in 2024, Crocs expanded its ‘Old Crocs. New Life’ program that donates used footwear to Soles4Souls and repurposes materials to combat environmental waste.
In 2024, Crocs’ street cred has never been stronger. The brand’s origins in function are skyrocketing in fashion appeal, with countless designer collaborations and appearances from the runways to red carpets. Crocs shoes — particularly the signature yellow Classic Clog hue — remain a mainstay in off-duty celebrity ensembles, as seen on the likes of Bella Hadid, Margot Robbie, Vanessa Hudgens, Rosalia, and Jennifer Lawrence. The Crocs flip flop style was even a go-to for Suki Waterhouse during her pregnancy this past year.

 









Tapped-in fashionistas on TikTok have posted a whopping 316 million videos that highlight the brand’s best selling styles, with breakout-search terms like “Crocs Outfits” and “Wearing My Crocs” earning a combined count of over 100 million dedicated posts. Cult-favorites like the Classic Clogs are certainly always on trend for their versatility in every season, though, since Crocs offers a myriad of silhouettes, prints, colorways, and customizable Jibbitz, the brand in general is its own trend — whether it’s sandal or boots season — and plays as a chameleon in the wardrobes of practically every style perspective.
The blockbusting Crocs Salehe Bembury x Saru Clogs will earn you major style points, so lean into their sporty and cool style with staple athleisure pieces. Start with a classic tee and baggy track pants, then polish off the look with a bucket hat for a ’90s-streetwear vibe.
Shown with: Adidas Atlanta Cut Line Wide Leg Track Pants ($90), Skims Boyfriend T-Shirt ($46 ), Hot Summer Bucket Hat ($14)
Stylish outfits don’t have to strain your feet. The Crocs Brooklyn 4U Sandals give you the best of both worlds between fashion and function with an added boost of height, so you’ll feel comfy and cute wearing them with a flowy summer dress and a matching Coach Tabby handbag.
Shown with: Abercrombie Smocked Bodice Dress ($77), Coach Tabby Shoulder Bag 26 ($450), Sojos Retro Oval Sunglasses ($15.99
The Crocs Realtree Apx Classic Clogs naturally pair with everything and bring visual texture to any ensemble. For summer outings around town, take cool and comfortable outfit cues from New York City street style with long denim shorts, an easy-to-wash Crocs tote, and a staple white tank top.  
Shown with: Hanes Cotton Tank ($11), Levi’s Baggy Dad Jorts ($69.50), Crocs Classic Tote ($74.99), Madewell Chunky Chain Choker Necklace ($25)
Are Crocs good for your feet?
Yes, Crocs are generally good for you feet. Their molded foam footbeds make them exceptionally comfortable, which reduces strain and soothes painful foot conditions like plantar fasciitis or bunions. Closed-toe Crocs Clog silhouettes also provide essential toe protection, while many Crocs styles also include ventilation holes or slits for breathability. However, keep in mind that some Crocs styles may lack in arch support, and their foam materials fail to wick moisture for those with particularly sweaty feet.
Do Crocs fit true to size?
According to Crocs customer reviews, yes — Crocs typically fit true to size. Although Crocs shoes do not come in half sizing, you can still achieve a great-fitting pair of shoes by referencing Crocs’ Shoe Size Chart. Consider sizing down if you are in between sizes, as most styles tend to run in a roomy, wide fit.
What’s the best way to clean Crocs?
Luckily, Crocs are some of the easiest shoes to clean. You can simply hand-wash or spot clean your pair in the sink with a damp wash cloth, mild soap, and cold water, according to the brand. For Classic Clogs and styles made of Croslite foam, Crocs also recommends cleaning them in the washing machine on a delicate cycle with gentle detergent.
For more than 75 years, Footwear News has been the shoe authority. Our coverage spans top industry news, retail trends, head-to-toe fashion, athletic and outdoor analysis, and more. Footwear News’ global network of editors has carefully curated all product selections featured using our expansive brand knowledge and thorough research to find quality, long-lasting items.
To compile this list of the most comfortable Crocs, we conducted hours of research into the brand’s heritage. We scoured the footwear market and evaluated key elements of each product pick, including each shoe’s comfort level, style, and durability. We also considered  factors like customer reviews, social media popularity, color options, size range, and special features such as enhanced arch support or notable collaborations. Finally, our editors personally tested several of the shoes and shared their results with the team to land on these top-rated picks. Learn more about us here.

 









Irene Richardson is a Brooklyn-based writer who covers fashion and beauty for brands such as InStyle, Byrdie, WWD, Travel + Leisure, and Brides. She’s always seeking real-world inspiration for her stories whether that means stopping fellow joggers to ask how comfortable their shoes are or haunting the online Depop retailers to determine what early aughts trend will make its resurgence next. She currently owns four different styles of Crocs, all of which serve a different purpose in her casual and work wardrobe.
Olivia Cigliano is a Commerce Writer & Producer at Footwear News and WWD where she writes shopping content on the best-rated footwear, TikTok style trends, and more. Olivia received her bachelor’s degree in journalism from Emerson College, and her byline can be found in publications including Elite Daily and CR Fashion Book. She regularly reports on emerging footwear trends, tests new product releases, and recommends the best shoe styles on the market to FN readers. Cigliano updated this article on the best Crocs shoes in August 2024 with new product releases, Crocs trends, and Crocs shoe outfit ideas.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.