In a rare case, the iconic sneaker is marked down pretty low.
Our product picks are editor-tested, expert-approved. We may earn a commission through links on our site. Why Trust Us?
YOU KNOW, BLACK FRIDAY is here—obviously—and the sales are coming in hot. From clothing deals to sneaker finds, our Men's Health team has spotted some seriously jaw-dropping prices on popular picks across the web. And here's another one to add to your list: Adidas Sambas are up to 35% off on Amazon. That's right, the iconic silhouette at a discount this low is pretty rare, so if you've been debating on whether or not to get a pair, here's your motivation.
SHOP ADIDAS SAMBAS BLACK FRIDAY SALE
Let's be real—finding classic Adidas styles like the Sambas at this price doesn't happen often. After all, the brand has managed to stay in the spotlight, thanks to a mix of nostalgia and innovation. As it pertains to the Sambas, they continue to dominate, fueled by timeless appeal and a fresh wave of love on TikTok and Instagram. Plus, collaborations with designers like Wales Bonner and partnerships with celebs like Bad Bunny and Pharrell keep their style exciting and relevant.
Whether white or black is your speed, both are marked down for now. And if either one aren't up your alley, we found some Adidas running sneakers to clock in those winter run miles. For all we know, every last one of these sneakers could go back to being full price within the next few hours. So, take advantage and don't hesitate.
Best Black Friday Hoka Deals | A Fitness Editor's Favorite Black Friday Deals | Filson Black Friday Sale | Best Black Friday 2024 Deals | Best Black Friday Tech Deals | Saatva Mattress Black Friday Sales | Best Black Friday Clothing Deals | REI Black Friday Sales | REI Arc'teryx November Sale | Amazon November Outlet Sale | REI Patagonia Sale | Vuori Black Friday Sale | Brooks Black Friday Deals
Garmin End of Year Sale 2024: Save 38% on Watches
FYI: Saatva Just Extended Our 20% Off Code!
Amazon Still Has Sales on Great Gifts
The Apple Watch Ultra 2 Is Still on Sale on Amazon
The Best Vuori Deals to Shop For Post-Cyber Monday
The 30 Best Deals Lingering After Cyber Monday
The Best Cyber Monday Ski Deals Right Now
Amazon Has up to 56% off Camping Gear Right Now
Cole Haan's Cyber Monday Sale Has 60% Off 
Huckberry's Cyber Monday Deals Are Here
Hoka's Best Shoes Are on Sale for Cyber Monday
45 Amazing Cyber Monday Running Shoe Deals 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazines, Inc. All Rights Reserved.