Lana Del Rey, Doja Cat and Tyler, the Creator will headline this year's event
Coachella 2024 has seen the festival’s slowest ticket sales in a decade, new reports have revealed.
The festival’s latest line-up was revealed earlier this month, with April’s two-weekend festival to be headlined by Lana Del Rey, Tyler, The Creator and Doja Cat, with a special performance by a reunited No Doubt.
Other acts announced to perform include Blur, Peso Pluma, J Balvin, Ice Spice, Khruangbin, Jhené Aiko, Lil Uzi Vert, Justice, Deftones, Jungle, Dom Dolla, Bleachers, Peggy Gou, Grimes, a reunited Sublime and more.
As SFGate report, the festival’s first weekend is still yet to sell out after six days on sale at the time of writing, the slowest ticket sales in a decade. In 2015, tickets went in less than an hour, while it took less than half a day for the festival to sell out in 2022.
Coachella. Credit: Arturo Holmes/Getty Images.
Coachella 2024 is set to run from April 12-14 and again on April 19-21. Get your tickets here.
This past April, Coachella 2023 saw the likes of Bad Bunny, Blackpink, and Frank Ocean headline the festival’s two weekends. After Ocean’s controversial set and his eventual dropping out of weekend two, Skrillex, Fred again.. and Four Tet stepped in to play the closing set.
In a four-star review of Coachella 2023, NME said: “Even in the chaos and disorder, the dedication to fun and progress shines through. Coachella is the first music festival eyes around the world turn to as the season and their ability to go first, whether that’s choosing the world’s biggest headliners based on devoted fanbase and career legitimacy over genre or betting on Ocean to show up even though there were moments it felt like he wouldn’t, proves their dedication not only to showcasing music but pushing it forward.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.