in 1993 freddy fazbear's pizza would be closed forever, but the cousin of the owner of the pizzeria, offered that passed over as owner to bring it freddy fazbear's to a country where there was never talk about the pizzeria , the Brazil , then in 1994 he arrived in Brazil and gave their ads , commercials and the children loved
traditional animatronics that still had was freddy fazbear and chica the chicken, would also be bonnie but his new fantasy that would be done was bad and made ​​the endoskeleton was broken, no one knew why, then made sasha the bunny, foxy was replaced by dred security fox, there was an opening for night watchman, Jake Leonard accepted
To promote Freddy And new Friends and grow its popularity (top games), use the embed code provided on your homepage, blog, forums and elsewhere you desire. Or try our widget.

					No articles were found matching the criteria specified. We suggest you try the article list with no filter applied, to browse all available. Post article and help us achieve our mission of showcasing the best content from all developers. Join now to share your own content, we welcome creators and consumers alike and look forward to your comments.				

					No files were found matching the criteria specified. We suggest you try the file list with no filter applied, to browse all available. Add file and help us achieve our mission of showcasing the best content from all developers. Join now to share your own content, we welcome creators and consumers alike and look forward to your comments.				
Your comment will be anonymous unless you join the community. Or sign in with your social account:
What started as a fun festival celebration quickly turned into a nightmarish mystery! Arriving at your friend’s house for the party, you find the place...
Join Ben Jordan on his adventures as he discovers that there's more to being a paranormal investigator than just exploring old buildings and photographing...
Try to survive an Apocalypse by playing this retro-stylized game! ----------------------------- A Friend told you a story which you were the main actor...
Bad Dream will be a series of short point&click games which action takes place in creepy, dark and sad land of dream. Some of games will be a cruel...
Heather (Silent Hill 3) is happy horror has ended. But when she's back in her apartment strange things are going on again. May the horror return? "Silent...
Paradigm Shift You awake from a terrifying nightmare to discover that your home city of River Lake has been devastated by an explosion at a neuroscience...

					No games were found matching the criteria specified. We suggest you try the game list with no filter applied, to browse all available. Join now to share your own content, we welcome creators and consumers alike and look forward to your comments.				
Horror
Indie
Point Click
Single-Player
Adventure