For Massoud Hayoun, painting is a means of resurrecting the departed, capturing the full spectrum of life’s drama and vibrancy. Born in the vibrant heart of Los Angeles, Hayoun’s rich tapestry of Tunisian, Moroccan, and Egyptian heritage weaves a narrative that delves into the depths of belonging, identity, and the intricate webs of power. A luminary in the realms of investigative journalism, writing, and painting, Hayoun possesses an acute sensitivity to the lives of those who are often overlooked.
The poignant passing of his grandparents, who nurtured him with unparalleled affection, ignited a profound exploration of his Jewish-Arab roots. This introspection culminated in the critically lauded memoir When We Were Arabs: A Jewish Family’s Forgotten History, published in 2019 by The New Press, New York. This intimate chronicle stands as both a homage to his family and a quest to articulate and illuminate the Jewish Arab identity. For Hayoun, “Politics are personal – and the more people benefit from certain oppressive power structures, the less likely they are to notice…the degree to which all politics are personal.”
In a similar vein, his lyrical novels, Building 46 and Last Night in Brighton, both published by Darf Publishers, London, employ the ethereal realm of ghost stories to probe themes of sexuality, body image, and the North African diaspora. As a journalist, Hayoun’s mission is to elevate voices — not merely those of analysts and academics, but crucially, those of individuals systematically silenced. Personal loss, the global pandemic, and the inspiring memory of his grandmother who embraced drawing late in life spurred Hayoun to immerse himself in painting. This medium, with its immediate and visceral storytelling power, has always resonated deeply with him.
Schön! sits down with Hayoun to discuss his work, navigating his heritage, and more.
How do you navigate and represent the intersection of your Tunisian, Moroccan, Egyptian, and Jewish heritage within your artwork, and what challenges have you faced in doing so?
Chief among all of the identities I identify with, more than being from any particular national background or any religious identity, is Arabness. In 2019, I published “When We Were Arabs”. It’s a political theory of Arabness and belonging that I apply to the lives of my Tunisian and Egyptian grandparents who raised me, and then I apply all of the above to current events. The focus of the book is how colonial regimes sought — in the specific policy documents that I cite — to de-Arabize Jewish Arabs — that is to say bourgeois and upper-class Jewish Arabs, since the poor were manifestly left out of this scheme — and weaponize them against their compatriots. This was for the explicitly stated purpose of dividing and conquering the Arab region. The book is a meditation on identity and the way that our identities are frequently warped to political ends by far-away political powers. 
That’s all to say, I’ve spent a lot of time thinking about my multiplicity of identities — ethnic, religious, sexual, class, etcetera — and that contemplation definitely reflects in my paintings. I don’t, as I frequently see other artists do, exhibit my family’s cultures for a non-Arab gaze. For instance, I have painted only one belly dancer, and that was only to poke fun at the ridiculous latent Orientalists, typically well-meaning liberals with no self-awareness, I have encountered in academia since writing the 2019 book. The Arabness you see represented in my pieces are the contemporary Arabs of my grandparents’ generation onward. They experience the political and social obstacles of our present generation. They wear the same clothes, and have the same feelings. 
I have always painted, but before I began to show my work professionally in the last few years, I went to speak to a number of gallery directors in the Greater Los Angeles Area. Mostly I asked if it’s ridiculous for me to start showing in my mid-30s, without a fine arts degree. One non-Arab gallerist — without having seen my work — suggested that I really lean into Arab themes, because that’s what galleries and collectors would want from me. I have. But I like to think that I haven’t done that in the way he had envisioned. I’ve done it on my terms, in a way where I’m not selling my background, as many American immigrants are compelled to do in little curio shops and restaurants; I’m doing it with my middle fingers out and guns blazing!
Transitioning from investigative journalism to painting, how has your approach to storytelling evolved, and what perspectives do you believe painting allows you to convey that journalism did not?
It really is much more of a smooth transition than I had anticipated. A leftist love of people and my thirst for a progressive society with accountable leaders and mutual respect among disparate peoples are what animated my journalism. The same animates my painting. I’m telling the same stories, grinding the same axes. 
The main difference is the response. On Instagram and at gallery shows, people tell me the most moving and exciting things about the paintings. They never did that for my writing, although some people did write me very nice things about my first book and gave me recognition for which I’m very thankful. The reason is that at least for books, it truly is a bourgeois privilege to have not just the education necessary to read a dense book of political philosophy but to — as a person who is not a trust fund baby — have the time to sit and read a book from cover-to-cover, unless your job or professor requires it. Paintings are for everyone. The symbols I use are frequently very Arab, but I feel them to be universally accessible. 
On a personal level, I have felt moments of great inspiration in writing, but nothing as electric as showing people what I mean in figurative paintings, where I pour light and shadow into your brain and impress my crystal visions upon your soul. I feel much more sated and indeed elated when I’m able to show instead of tell. 
In your memoir “When We Were Arabs,” you mention that “all politics are personal.” How does this philosophy manifest in the themes and subjects of your paintings in the “Between Broken Promises, Harissa” exhibition?
In foreign affairs journalism, I’ve had countless editors tell me — you need an America angle or people won’t give a damn. You can only talk about a genocide or a pressing environmental issue if Americans are able to see an immediate impact on their own lives. That’s one of many ridiculous things about American journalism, but it’s also very honest and accurate to the human experience. People very easily detach from big social issues, even ones that are manifestly pertinent to their own well-being like the environment, unless they are made to see how immediate they are. 
When I show that someone is crying over a genocide, I am imploring the cold-blooded to care. I am perhaps not finding an American angle, but I am trying for the empathy that my editors insisted was impossible when I was reporting the Arab Spring and Occupy Wall Street movement in 2011. 
All politics are personal. It is very true that the closer people are to certain centers of power, the less likely they are to realize that so much of how we are is decided for us by policymakers in the political and economic halls of power. That is a core message of “When We Were Arabs.” It’s also at the heart of this exhibition. Even the European colonists represented in this exhibition are who they are because of politics, in the way that Frantz Fanon describes that the colonizer too lives in a sort of prison of his own making. 
Your vibrant portraits feature a wide range of society, from sex workers to political revolutionaries. Can you discuss your selection process for these subjects and what you hope viewers take away from these diverse representations?
Journalism is a marvellous and bad industry. Low pay, and the irony — at least for me — is you cover labor rights literally while your bosses crush attempts to unionize. But as a generalist, like I was, you meet people from so many backgrounds, and sometimes when a story is done, you carry those people with you. I have no personality of my own. I am a sum of the sex workers, the nuns, the revolutionaries, the royalty, the murderers, the saints, the migrants that I have had the privilege to meet through long, in-depth conversations with them. 
The sorrowful thing about journalism is that frequently, you have these long, involved conversations, and then you move on. That part is sort of antithetical to my character — my constitutional loneliness. With my painting, I remain with the people who impressed themselves upon me. They appear and reappear. I see the world through the lens of what they shared with me and my imperfect impressions of them. 
I go out into the world observing until today and reflecting what I see with the respect and the heft and indeed the love that it deserves. The nuns I spoke with were that way especially — frequently unafraid of dangerous people and deeply loving of humanity and its flaws. One nun I love in particular told me — in a conversation about the death penalty and why it’s wrong for states to murder convicts — that we all carry a universe in our minds that is obliterated when we die. She said it in order to celebrate the sanctity of life in a way that many religious conservatives do not. Every death is an apocalypse. Imagine, then, what our world is right now with what’s happening in the news. 
The passing of your grandparents had a profound impact on your work. Can you share how their memory and influence are reflected in your current exhibition?
There’s not a day that goes by that I don’t think of them. I sleep in their bedroom in Los Angeles. It only occurred to me at the height of the pandemic to paint them, and that’s an extreme joy to me. I feel confident I’ll see them again, but if not, at least I’ve got these periods where I stare at their faces for a week or two, while I’m painting. 
They believed in life and freedom and respect for all people. The urgency I feel when I paint on social issues is an urgency they breathed into my chest from birth. I never paint them defending a single social movement they didn’t tell me about in their lifetimes. For instance, I feel very strongly that the fight for reproductive health care in the U.S. — that is to say, abortions on demand and without apology — is a fight for all Americans not to be beholden to religious or moralistic law. But my grandmother never spoke to me about abortion, so I painted a piece recently where I would’ve liked to meditate on how she would have seen abortion, but I had to leave her out of that painting, because it would’ve been wrong for me to imagine her saying things I don’t know for certain she would’ve said. I know that she believed that we live in a society where if anything — including health care — doesn’t serve straight, bourgeois men of European origin, it is irrelevant. And I’ve depicted her burning a mountain of erectile dysfunction pills to that end. But I showed myself — not her — performing abortions illegally in a time when the law becomes anti-human. I’ve yet to post that one to Instagram. I want to wait for a moment where I feel I very urgently need to show it. 
The pandemic inspired a renewed focus on painting for you. How did the global crisis shape the themes and techniques in your recent works, and what new artistic discoveries did you make during this time?
I mourned my grandmother. The mourning eased a bit, and I started going out and dating. And then the pandemic isolated me further. And I still haven’t totally bounced back from that. I live a very quiet life in Los Angeles. Social interactions are a little difficult. I was talking with the Larkin Durey gallery manager, Cassie Vaughan, who is also an artist, and I’m a great fan of her works that penetrate the soul. It was Vaughan who impressed upon me that these paintings are solitary conversations I’m having with myself about big world issues. Sort of like the Bad Bunny song “Monaco,” where he describes people “están hablando solo/ están hablando con el eco” – people speaking alone/ people speaking to echoes. These are conversations I hope to externalize so that when I’m able to come back out and have friends and lovers again in full, there’ll be a world left to live in. 
In your novels, you use ghost stories to explore complex themes like sexuality and body image. Do similar metaphors or narrative devices appear in your paintings, and if so, how do they function within the visual medium?
God bless you for mentioning them. Especially since no one cared about my second and third books, which were fictions. Except for Ai Weiwei who endorsed the second book. Ai Weiwei’s art and mind are everything to me. He is the one who taught me that the role of the artist is to stand as a countercurrent to oppression. One day at the height of the pandemic, I was working an awful job not related to anything I do. I was working for people who didn’t care if I got sick and died — That’s the extremist capitalism in the U.S. But I needed a livelihood. And his staff emailed me that he wanted to FaceTime me about the book. I had the most surreal conversation with him as he ate a peanut butter sandwich and poured into me the sort of inspiration I needed to make it through that time in my life. Imagine doing that for someone! I cried. I thanked him in my, by then, rusty Chinese that I had learned in my time as a journalist in China. And I wouldn’t be showing in London now, certainly, if it weren’t for him. 
In my second novel — my third and final book, which is a lot like All of Us Strangers, but Egyptian American, the main character briefly becomes a woman in his family. In both novels, there is a sexual awakening and there are food issues. There is a piece in this exhibit frequently used by my gallery in promotional materials called “Can you believe people in this country don’t eat on purpose?” That piece is about the trajectory of my family from nations where food security was more of an issue to the U.S., the land of plenty, where I experienced moments of anorexia and bulimia. The less of me there was, the more I was seen by men, I felt. 
I am interested in my paintings in how the experiences of some women and gay men intersect, insofar as a main goal of the paintings is to establish connective tissue between people for the benefit of a movement for universal liberation. The body, autonomy, sexuality — all of those are recurring themes. There is something I would like to wrench back from the world about how I am. And I feel something similar in conversations I have had with women and other femme people who are kindred spirits. 
Your piece “An Arab Movie House in 2024 Watches the Scene in Battle of Algiers” invokes historical references. How do you see the role of historical memory and reinterpretation in your art, particularly in relation to current social and political issues?
A gallerist in Paris and a museum curator who visited my place in Los Angeles both said that their interest in my work is how it reckons with time. There is something very contemporary about the work and yet, there is a constant harkening back to some historical memory, either my grandparents’ generation or the distant past. 
My grandfather’s family were in a unique situation as Egyptians of Jewish faith to celebrate Passover, the celebration of the departure from Egypt, while in Egypt. It was their custom to ask at the Passover dinner table: Where are you coming from and where are you going? It’s a cute game. You imagine, for instance, that you’d like to go on vacation to Guam or Armenia and tell people why. The philosophical underpinning is that we can only know where we’re headed when we take stock of where we’re from. To my mind, that’s a revolutionary act — a strategy. 
Insofar as every one of my paintings is an act of strategizing for a more progressive, accountable, loving world, I find it necessary to constantly look backward and forward simultaneously. In the painting you reference, I am using a common device in my paintings — the cinema audience. There is a potent existentialist symbol in the movie house — people come together to have an array of disparate reactions to a piece of political art. These are family portraits of people unrelated by blood, tied by circumstance. All we have is each other. I am also drawn to the way this archetype turns the viewer of the painting into the subject. You are being watched. There’s a delicious role reversal that aims to cut you deeply. 
Given your background in uplifting marginalized voices through journalism, how do you see your art contributing to social activism, and what specific issues do you aim to highlight or address through your exhibition?
First, it was the marginalized voices that uplifted me every time, not the other way around. I can’t pretend my journalism — much as I enjoyed it — ever really helped anyone. Like with my painting, journalism was always more of a psychological and spiritual practice, a union between reporter and speaker, than either of us doing something transactional for each other. 
My hope with this art is that it will jolt smarter or more powerful people than myself into action in defence of people — not on the basis of tribal nationalism, despite the fact that these are distinctly Arab paintings, but on the premise of our shared humanity. In these paintings, I use distinctly Arab symbols to talk about the Dirty War in Argentina, capital punishment in the U.S., sex work in Van Nuys, California, and the pitfalls of capitalism and communism globally. I am stretching over great distances to connect the seemingly irrelevant to make people feel that the big, unmanageable topics are personal and that our goals are within reach. 
I am painting for Palestine, for reproductive rights, for workers, for the dispossessed, for Arabs, for non-Arabs, for my parents, for Queer people, for the Wretched of the Earth, for the dead, for the living, for everyone I’ve encountered. I am painting my love of people. That’s the antidote to these times. If people were able to see beyond themselves and their immediate gain in a way that is considered antithetical to the inherent solipsism of American capitalism, do you think Trumpism would exist? Trumpism is a symptom of the extremist ideology that is American capitalism. If you take Trump and the way that he tries to be nonsensical to show — as all dictators do — that he can afford to be erratic — away, another would crop up in his stead. He’s a symptom of a much more abstract, much older phenomenon of injustice in the settler colony that is the United States. And insofar as the U.S. exports its culture everywhere, it’s a problem that has metastasized around the globe. 
Looking ahead, what new themes or artistic challenges are you eager to explore in your future work, and how do you envision your role as an artist evolving in the contemporary art scene?
Happiness. I want to paint happiness and humour. These are heavy issues, but frequently I attack them with a sense of humour or expressions of love. Not only do those pieces seem to resonate more profoundly with people, they are also much more of an achievement. It’s very easy to sing a sad love ballad or try to win an Oscar with a sad film. Joy is revolutionary. To make people laugh is a kind of occult power. More and more, my work — like Occidentalist portraiture of the 21st Century, where I poke fun at the Orientalist painting tradition of sexualizing women from the Middle East — seeks to make people laugh at various echelons of absurdity. I am still saying something actionable about politics in these paintings. But the intention is to arouse romantically, sexually, comedically, and so on. With the exception of paintings about genocide and the total collapse of humanity, I am compelled by the idea that I find ways to make people take action for our world without drawing them further down into the abyss of our collective depression and anxiety. 
Learn more about Massoud Hayoun at massoudhayoun.com.
interview. Alper Kurtel
crochet dress. Roberta Einer
ring. Nada Ghazal
opposite
top. Hildur Yeoman
ring. Missoma
Everyone, at some point, craves a sense of escapism in their lives. For many, that’s changing hairstyles, buying a jacket in that colour you swore you’d never wear, or trying a new hobby. Unfortunately, our realities are slightly more mundane – taking the same route on the way home, becoming regulars at the same coffee shops, ritualistic and comfortable.
Emily Barber, however, consistently prods the boundaries of reality, shapeshifting through different personas, periods and realities in both television and theatre. Rather than a split-second decision, Emily’s been riding the wave of acting from a young age, often leading to characters far removed from herself. In the West End, Emily’s been critically acclaimed for her performances in ‘Shakespeare’, ‘Oscar Wilde’ and more recently, ‘Operation Mincemeat’.
And now, playing Alice in Guy Ritchie’s new series, ‘MobLand‘, centring around a war between two powerful families, the Harrigan’s and the Stevenson’s, Alice takes a more dynamic role, getting caught in the crossfire as she integrates into the world of London gangsters.
In conversation with Schön!, Emily Barber takes us behind the scenes of ‘MobLand’, her time in theatre and television, and navigating a diverse range of characters.
Do you remember the moment you first thought, “I want to be an actor”?
I weirdly feel like I’ve never had a moment. I don’t remember doing anything else, it’s kind of been something that I’ve always done. I was really into ballet when I was about three and that got me into joining musical theatre, and then acting classes. It’s just been this trajectory of this is obviously what I was gonna do, even though I have no family or anyone connected to it. But I used to do the summer schools at Key Theatre in Peterborough, where I’m from, every summer. We did Jesus Christ Superstar – it was the first time I’d gotten not narrator number two.
I was cast as Judas, which is a funny theme because I’ve played men quite a lot. Anyway, I remember every summer that those summer schools were the most fun I’d ever had. And I remember my dad being like You were pretty good then. So I think that was maybe him noticing, saying, you’ve actually got something – whatever that is, you’ve got it. And so maybe from there? But, certainly, you find your tribe, and that was when I thought, I could do this for the rest of my life. I would happily do it.
What was your first audition like? Was it a total disaster, or surprisingly smooth?
It probably was a disaster. I was really lucky that I did National Youth Theatre when I was a teenager, and I did a play in The Old Vic Tunnels, which is now the Vaults Theatre. I signed with an agent when I was about eighteen, so I was kind of thrown out into the industry quite young. I do think I finished my first TV audition, they said, “Okay, thank you.” And I was like, “Are you sure you don’t want me to do anything else?”
I was really confused by the idea that it was just a quick in-and-out process. I was like, you don’t want me to do a dance or a song? I’ve got so much I can show you. I was quite clueless but you live and learn. I went to drama school and probably learned how to audition, and then went out into the world and was alright by then. But I think those early auditions, you’re also riddled with nerves, and you do just get used to that, which is a fascinating thing.
Now you’re playing Alice in ‘MobLand’. Tell me a bit about that and the character that you play.
We meet Alice in episode one at a group therapy session where she becomes friends with Jan, who’s played by Joanne Froggatt, who’s married to Harry Da Souza, played by Tom Hardy. They become very fast friends because they’re bonding over their marital problems, among other things. And as their friendship grows, Alice becomes more intertwined in the Harrigan family – the twists and turns of their world. There is a lot to Alice that you don’t see on first meeting, because she has a lot of faces that she shows the world, but certainly as her journey goes through the series, you’ll learn a lot more about her.
dress. Azzi & Osta
opposite
caped gown. Stella McCartney
thumb ring. Tami & Tami @ Wolf & Badger
Like peeling the layers of an onion. Is there anything that you particularly relate to playing Alice?
It’s interesting because the crime world, obviously, is something I don’t have a huge amount of experience in. Alice is really complex and very complicated – there were a lot of things that I didn’t necessarily connect with. She has a huge amount of confidence, and boldness, and humour – a Guy Ritchie wit to her which I’d like to think I connected to.
Weirdly, because I was doing a musical at the same time as filming ‘MobLand’, and I was playing this confident man in ‘Operation Mincemeat’ in the West End. Interestingly, I think those characters slightly merged into each other. I kind of connected with this inner confidence because I was playing two characters that were so confident. I wouldn’t say I naturally am, but, actually, I think it was really useful for me as Emily to play two people who have so much belief in themselves. That was quite fun to live through them.
So you were on stage in ‘Operation Mincemeat’ whilst filming ‘MobLand’ – they’re quite different characters, I’m surprised to hear there was a similarity.
The confidence was probably the only thing. You’re right. There’s one thing doing a play at night and doing filming, but I think a musical is so much bigger in terms of the medium, it’s so much more performative. Luckily, it was not the first time I’ve been on stage, and it wasn’t the first time I’ve filmed, so once you’re in the world that you’re in, you know how to navigate it. There was part of me that I wondered if my acting on stage would become more TV or they would merge, or I forget which medium I’m in, but I don’t think that was the case because also they’re quite clear worlds that I could separate mentally.
Have there been any memorable moments or takeaways from set, especially when sharing the screen with big names like Tom Hardy, Pierce Brosnan, and Helen Mirren?
So many. The whole experience was a little bit ‘pinch me’, but there were so many moments when you’re on set with people like that where you forget, and you’re suddenly faced with Bond and a Dame and, you know, all these people. I had a three-day shoot of a dinner scene that comes in later in the series, which was a unique experience being around a table, partly because my character was invited to dinner at the Harrigan’s. So it’s a formed family, and my character is the outsider coming in. I, as Emily, already felt like an outsider just because I’m entering this world, but also my character was on the back foot.
I had Helen Mirren passing me the potatoes. I had Pierce Brosnan cutting up the ham. Tom Hardy is next to me on his phone. There’s this weird dysfunctional family that I’ve somehow joined, and yet they are incredible heavyweight actors. Certainly, after a while, you realise that whatever level any actors are on, everyone’s the same. Everyone’s just trying to do their best work and worried about remembering their lines. We were getting the scripts as we were going, there was that huge immediacy to learning your lines that you go, they’re all professionals, we’re all in the same boat, we’re all on this adventure together, so that was quite comforting.
Speaking of big names, are there any actors or filmmakers who have significantly inspired you or the roles that you play?
Interesting. I was really lucky that one of my first jobs was in the West End with David Suchet, and he really was a mentor. I think I was 24, just got a lead in the West End and was auditioning for something at Shakespeare’s Globe at the time, and he took me under his wing and gave me Shakespeare lessons in between shows on a Saturday. He’s just an incredible man and actor, but also Shakespeare is his forte, and he helped me get a job at the Globe, and he’s really helped give advice whenever I needed it.
I’ve been lucky because I worked with Penelope Wilton a few years ago, who was useful to talk to about career, longevity and making sure you pick roles that inspire you or challenge you. They’re all actors that I admire who often manage to do all the mediums together.
I think the actors that I am impressed by are the ones that can be on stage, but then also have a comedy aspect of their performance, and also have an incredibly deep dramatic performance. People who manage to just do everything on every medium. So certainly David, Penelope, and then Helen Mirren, I spoke to her about balancing theatre and film, and she was pretty inspirational in that sense.
You’ve played some really diverse characters as well – Monty in ‘Operation Mincemeat’, Imogen in ‘Cymbeline’, Kathleen in ‘Bodies’, Alice in ‘MobLand’. When you get a script, what’s the first thing you look for in a character?
Interestingly, I think often it’s when I can read the script and know exactly what my point is, or something that I know that I can bring to it. Because sometimes you just read so many, and I go, I know what I would do with this, but I don’t know if it’s the most unique or interesting version of that character. But sometimes you just read something and it clicks, and I know exactly what take I would want to do with it. Also, generally something that’s different where you’re like, “Oh, I’ve not explored that.” Or often, I’m drawn to comedic characters, I guess. I’ve done quite a lot of that. I’m saying that, but I’ve done lots of drama as well.
Often, it’s whatever you’ve last done as well – that you are then drawn to the opposite. I just love being thrown all the sides of everything all the time. As soon as anything feels the same as what I’ve done, I feel less creative and fun about it.
It must be interesting to step out of your comfort zone and learn with each new role and new genre.
Yeah, it is interesting. I have probably played some characters that are in the same world, and actually then working out what their differences are and also there are certain niche characters that I know I suit or can feel really comfortable with me. But I guess I came into acting because I could play Judas – I could play whatever. So you want to be able to test yourself always, and particularly, voice has always been a huge thing for me. I love different accents, different physicalities, making sure everything feels different and a new experience, I guess.
top + flares. Hildur Yeoman
shoes. Essen
ring. Missoma
opposite
crochet dress. Roberta Einer
platform heels. Casadei
ring. Nada Ghazal
Looking back at all of these roles that you’ve played, was there a particular one or project, maybe, that felt like a turning point for you as an actor?
Getting to play a lead at the Globe quite quickly out of drama school was a real moment, I guess, because it was the lead in a company, and I’ve never had that experience before. That certainly felt like a real-life moment. It’s funny, I look back at it now, and I’m like, god, what an amazing, mad thing to happen.
And I did ‘The Alienist’, which was a Netflix show, and that was the first time that I was a regular in a TV show, and was able to, kind of, chart an entire journey with a character. That felt like a real moment because it was the first time I really explored TV and got really excited by that world and realising that you can be really challenged in that sense as well.
But I guess that I’ve just had a few little moments along the way. Nothing’s been like, “That was the job that changed my life,” or anything. Everything’s just been a stepping stone in the right direction.
Were there any instances where your time in theatre shaped your television career or vice versa? Maybe a role that changed the way you see acting, or even yourself?
Such a good question, I don’t know. I feel like I’ve been lucky in theatre, doing ‘Cymbeline’ and I did a play called ‘Cost of Living’, at the Hampstead with Adrian Lester. Both of them were emotionally challenging roles that really required me to go into places that I’ve never really been. I’d say that doing them on a stage, interestingly, I find probably easier to access because you get to chart the whole journey, and there’s an adrenaline to it. Sometimes I find, with TV, accessing those areas or parts of myself are slightly harder, but, actually, I think doing them on stage has helped me when I’ve then got more dramatic roles on screen. Just knowing how to navigate that and knowing how to get yourself in the right headspace, I think.
It’s different on stage and on set – do you have a favourite place to be or does it depend on the project?
I think it depends on the project. I certainly feel very at home on stage, probably because that’s where I began. But ‘MobLand’ opened my eyes to how exciting television can be. My character didn’t get to do huge amounts of action, but I had snippets of what that world could be like. I had a running scene – there was police, and these drones creating the feeling of helicopters and whatever. I was just like, “This is incredible, this is a whole world that I am really excited by now.” I think theatre will always be my first love, really.
Is there a moment behind the scenes that still makes you smile when you think about it, either in theatre or TV?
I mean, there always is. When I did ‘The Importance Being Earnest’  in the West End with David Suchet, there was just a day when, I think, when you do Oscar Wilde that many times, it is one of the funniest plays ever written. I truly believe that. Being in that play was one of the funniest experiences.
We would just get the giggles to a point where I was slightly worried I was going to have an accident because trying not to laugh when something is the funniest thing – I don’t know if you’ve watched this program, ‘Last One Laughing’, a new show where comedians aren’t allowed to laugh – most of my funniest memories are ones where you’re not allowed to laugh on stage because you’re in a play and the funniest thing that’s ever happened has happened. I’ve had a lot of plays like that. Sometimes it isn’t even a line. It’s just, like, a face that someone’s pulled or somebody’s forgotten a line or something’s happened.
But also in ‘MobLand’, Helen Mirren gave a monologue to my character about marriage and I will never forget that experience of having someone of her calibre give me the most incredible monologue. Since this character she’s playing is so out of anything we’ve ever seen her doing – she’s so foul-mouthed and goes into some dark places – that was quite a life moment for sure. Sitting opposite Helen Mirren, giving you marriage advice.
Looking ahead, are there any roles or genres you haven’t tackled yet that you want to try?
Interestingly, I’m doing a job in May that’s a fantasy. I have never ever been in that world before. So my answer before of wanting something the polar opposite, this answers my prayers. I’ve got prosthetic ears so that’s a new world to explore. And because of ‘MobLand’, I’m experiencing a bit of what it would be like to be in an action film or, something where it’s just high stakes like driving. I’ve done a lot of dinner scenes or characters that are much more within a domestic environment, whereas I would love to be in a car chase.
You need to manifest a car chase.
Interestingly, I did manifest ‘Operation Mincemeat’. I wrote down that I really want to do a musical. I’ve never manifested in my life, but I was like, “I really want that this year.” And then it happened. So I now fully believe in manifestation but I’ve got to get better at driving first.
caped gown. Stella McCartney
opposite
dress. Azzi & Osta
MobLand is out now.
photography. David Reiss 
fashion. Alexandria Reid 
talent. Emily Barber 
casting. Alabama Blonde 
hair. Michela Olivieri @ Caren Agency using Kérastase 
make up. Jade Bird using Laura Mercier 
creative production. Clara La Rosa
interview. Rhea Lobo
all clothing. Burberry
belt. Anderson’s
boots. Manolo Blahnik
Fresh off an intense five-and-a-half-hour tennis match, Jason Isaacs appears anything but drained; his enthusiasm is evident even over Zoom. Despite being deep into an exhaustive press tour — and likely having fielded every imaginable question — he’s genuinely eager to chat with Schön! about ‘The White Lotus‘. Perhaps it’s the setting — a tennis camp in Spain — that leaves him eager to fill downtime. More likely, it’s because Isaacs himself is a genuine fan. “I’m slightly marvelling that I’m in it. I’m used to being in indie movies that don’t come out – or come out and close quickly,” he laughs.
Season three of Mike White’s acclaimed dark comedy-drama transports viewers to a wellness retreat in Koh Samui, with Isaacs portraying Timothy Ratliff, a wealthy patriarch travelling with his family. Landing a role in such a coveted ensemble required Isaacs to step outside his norm and audition. “Because I don’t normally audition,” he shares, “I was the same bumbling, stuttering, insecure fool that I had been for the first ten years of my career.”
Isaacs is known for his remarkable ability to fully inhabit each character he portrays, seamlessly adopting new accents as needed. In ‘The Death of Stalin’, the Yorkshire accent felt natural from the script itself, while for ‘Harry Potter’, he crafted Lucius Malfoy’s voice to “drip with entitlement and arrogance and scorn.” Yet that performance almost didn’t happen. “I came up with his voice and they weren’t going to let me do it,” Isaacs recalls. “I did the first rehearsal, and [Chris Columbus and David Heyman] went, ‘I don’t know, it’s very, very extreme.’ Daniel [Radcliffe] was standing there, and he went, ‘I think it’s cool.’”
In his forthcoming film ‘The Salt Path‘, a poignant biographical drama adapted from Raynor “Ray” Winn’s memoir, Isaacs plays Moth Winn, a man grappling with homelessness and the devastating effects of corticobasal degeneration, a rare neurological disorder. “It’s a horrible cliché when people say that the landscape is a character in the film, but it’s a huge character in their life,” Isaacs reflects, noting the remarkable improvement in Moth’s condition during long walks. “Every audience member can guess, ‘Is it love? Is it nature?’,” he muses. “I like to believe it’s love.”
Looking ahead, Isaacs is gearing up to begin shooting several independent films, chosen as much for the creative challenge they offer him as for the enjoyment they promise audiences. “I’m not looking to build a career,” he explains. “I’m not looking to be anything that I’m not. I just want to keep having an interesting time at work.”
For now, he’s savouring time with his daughters — “Any time I can be on the same continent, my heart just settles a bit.” — and anticipating how many more hours of tennis he can squeeze in tomorrow.
full look. ZEGNA shirt. Fursac
trousers. Edward Sexton
boots. R.M Williams
bracelets throughout. Jason’s own
watch. TAG Heuer all clothing. Edward Sexton
shoes. Harrys of London
opposite
full look. ZEGNA jumper. Connolly
full look. ZEGNA
shirt. Fursac
trousers. Edward Sexton
boots. R.M Williams
bracelets throughout. Jason’s own
watch. TAG Heuer
all clothing. Edward Sexton
shoes. Harrys of London
opposite
full look. ZEGNA
jumper. Connolly
‘The White Lotus‘ Season 3 is streaming on Now TV. ‘The Salt Path’ is in UK cinemas on 30th May.
Get your print copy of Schön! 48 at Amazon Globally, Amazon Germany, Amazon France, Amazon Italy, Amazon Spain, Amazon Netherlands, Amazon Poland, Amazon Belgium, Amazon Sweden and the UK Schön! store.
Download your favourite cover now at the Schön! store.
photography. Lee Malone 
fashion. Gareth Scourfield @ One Represents 
talent. Jason Isaacs wearing Burberry + Manolo Blahnik
grooming. Nohelia Reyes using Merit Beauty + Maria Nila 
photography assistant. Jake Milsom
fashion assistant. Andrew Burling
words. Amber Louise
Kaytranada’s sold-out show at London’s Alexandra Palace on April 26 was nothing short of a full-bodied experience. From the moment the lights dimmed and the first track dropped, it was clear that the crowd were locked in for a good time. Kicking off with ‘Pressure’ from his latest album ‘Timeless’, Kaytranada immediately set the tone for what was to come.
Between songs, the Canadian producer kept the atmosphere relaxed. There was no ego, just a DJ vibing with the crowd. Spectators became part of Kaytranada’s journey for the night, feeding off his infectious energy. Halfway through, the show shifted gears to some classic remixes. When his take on Beyoncé’s ‘Break My Soul’ and Rihanna’s ‘Kiss It Better’ dropped, the crowd naturally went wild. Familiar pop songs felt fresh in his hands, transformed into a bass-driven tracks that kept everyone moving.
Visually, the production was simple but on point. Strobes flashed in sync with the music, amplifying the energy and adding to the overall atmosphere. It was almost too easy to get lost in the dance. Kaytranada was ever-present behind his setup with a glass of wine propped on a stand of its own, looking as though he was having as much fun as the crowd—maybe even more so.
Kaytranada’s live performances are a testament to his ability to elevate his already incredible studio work. By the time ‘Be Your Girl’ rang through the speakers, the night was at its peak and the energy in the room was contagious, becoming the kind of show where time disappears. By the finale, it felt as if the evening had passed in minutes rather than hours. 
photography. Isha Shah
words. Holly Turton