Oodie is having a massive site-wide sale of up to 60 per cent off some of its most popular items. That means you can get an Oodie, the must-have fashion accessory, for as little as £29.
The cult favourite hooded blankets are usually priced between £89 and £99, but you can find a number of them for under £30. Others can be found boasting 60 per cent off, which means you can get an Oodie for £35.60.
Included in the £29 sale are the Bunny Oodie (originally priced at £89), Corgi Oodie (originally priced at £89), German Shepherd Oodie (originally priced at £89), and the Lazy Sloth Oodie (originally priced at £89). Some of the site’s best sellers are also included in the site-wide sale, including the Navy Oodie (was £89, now £35.60) .
The Oodie features a ToastyTek Flannel Fleece exterior for a soft, plush feel while the Sherpa Fleece exterior promises to keep you warm on the coldest of days, especially as we wait for the spring weather to finally kick in. It has a perfect five star rating from a massive 1,212 reviews.
A E commented: “It's light, it's super soft and it helps when you have bad circulation as it keeps you nice and snug. Definitely recommend have bought for friends in the past and keep buying them for friends in the future....love the oodie.”
Michael N said, “Comfortable, soft and fluffy, ideal for lounging on the couch or instead of a dressing gown. This was the perfect gift, so much so we had to buy another one for our daughter. As a student she agrees that they are perfect for lounging around the flat, lovely and warm.”
Flora G wrote, “The oodie is great for wearing especially in the house as its so warm & as it's oversized you feel like you're being hugged all the time. I liked it that much I bought another one.” However, Remi S said: “There is a hole on it which affects it quality.”
Other products found in the sale include the 101 Dalmatians Oodie Sleep Tee (was £74, now £29.60), Dachshund Oodie Dressing Gown (was £75, now £30), and the Avocado Beach Oodie (was £89, now £35.60). Dunelm also has a number of offers on its Loungewear collection, including 75 per cent off the Multicoloured Star Oversized Hoodie , now priced at just £4.50.
It has an average 4.8 out of five star rating from 32 reviews. Amber said: “Lovely colours and soft but a little thin or lightweight material.”
Teresa wrote: “I've bought a few different styles of oversize hoodies. I absolutely love them, so comfortable and definitely worth the price.”
Marks & Spencer’s best selling hooded blanket for adults is the Teddy Fleece Hooded Blanket which comes in three sizes - Kids, Medium and Large. For adult sizes, the hooded blanket is priced at £25. For a kids size, the hooded blanket is £19.50.
Available in either grey or natural, the product has an average 4.6 out of five star rating from 1,011 reviews. Bicksy said: “Love my hooded blanket. It’s so soft and snuggly. I work nights in an office and take it to work with me. Much better than my oversized hoodie as it covers my legs easily.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.