Photo by Kent Buckingham under CC BY-NC 2.0
It was somewhere during the fourth shot that the sexy Frankenstein realized she had no semblance of a career path, and that she missed someone who had caused her great emotional harm. Usually, sad drunks take refuge in the ill-lit corners of the rancid frat home, ignoring the stickiness of the floor as they sit on it and mentally list every single bad thing to ever happen to them. But Frankenstein decided to take matters into her own hands, killing two birds with one stone through a single phone call.
Thanks to the DJ selecting a universally beloved explicit song, Frankenstein successfully dodged her friends caught up in dancing — bunny in a thong, SpongeBob in a corset top — as she made her way to the rooftop, which had been guarded by a strict Magic Mike until a female Magic Mike swept him off his feet. Their aggressive kissing was not deterred by Frankenstein’s clunky footsteps up the stairs, and she prayed she wouldn’t end up on the news for a brain bleed at the Alpha Beta Omega or whatever’s Halloween party. But her legs seemed to regain function when the cool air hit her green face. 
She watched and detached the stumbling figures below; their voices were oddly muted, perhaps due to the screeching music she’d been subjected to for the past three hours. It was typical of her to think this way. She’d been the one who begged her friends to spend the night partying with people who posed a risk for spreading Mono instead of staying in and baking pumpkin-shaped cookies. She felt too old to behave like this, even though she had a year until graduation, but what’s the point of playing hard if she wasn’t working hard? It was as if her brain was engulfed in some kind of hazy fog, preventing her from any rationale. The other day, she physically had to force herself to sit down and research internships, but everything was either unattainable or dull. She was in no position to be picky, though, so she sent out a wave of applications anyway, and her first rejection had arrived this morning.
Her thoughts were interrupted by a guy in a Ghostface mask — from across the rooftop — who was staring at her, or so she presumed. It would almost be cinematic if the vaping device in his hand was replaced with a cigarette. Maybe that could be her future career, she thought idly: deciding which pictures would go viral on Tumblr in 2014. 
“You shouldn’t be up here,” he said, amplifying his voice so she could hear him.
Frankenstein was not about to be lectured by anyone, especially a random man probably hitting some blueberry-mango-passion fruit flavored vaping device. “I don’t care about frat rules.”
“No, it’s about to rain.” He pointed upwards, and indeed, menacing dark clouds were crowding. “What are you doing here?”
She shivered, her black mini-skirt brushing against the small expanse of her thighs that were covered. Why was she up here? Oh, yes, she was — “Calling my first love.” She pulled out her phone. “Could I have some privacy?”
Ghostface shrugged and turned away. Frankenstein dialed the number she’d memorized at seventeen. She finally hung up after six rings, her eyes now stinging.
Now what? He was her final option of some attempt at normalcy, of figuring something out. She once told him, I think you know me better than I know myself. But they were about to graduate high school, and she had read that line in a book before, so maybe that’s why she said it instead of actually meaning it. Regardless, Frankenstein felt like she’d lost a part of herself at that moment, where she couldn’t even seek refuge in an old friend, who, yes, might’ve been an immature boy while they were together, who might’ve disregarded her feelings more than once, but who knew a former version of herself that she wished could exist again — optimistic and self-assured. And talking to him would be the closest thing to being her again. 
“Do you want to hit this?” Ghostface shouted from across the roof. 
Frankenstein stared at him before making her way over. She snatched the vaping device from his hands and inhaled the fruity smoke. “I feel like this is kind of juvenile. Why not just smoke a cigarette?”
He snorted. “Are we in France? This tastes better. I opt for the more pleasant things in life.”
“This pleasant thing will kill you.”
“Yes, but I’m choosing the pleasant thing out of the options that kill me. Does that make sense?” He took the vaping device and let out a translucent circle. “I’m kinda crossed.”
“Why are you here?” she asked, expecting the response of a tortured poet. Her romanticization of a stranger had begun. It was a habit she had to break.
“I always wanted to do a line on a rooftop. I’m pregaming for it with nicotine.”
Alright then. Frankenstein looked at the crowd below again. “Do you think talking to an ex in hopes of fixing your trajectory of life is a good idea?”
“Umm. No. That’s bulls—.” 
“The person I wanted to call — he knew me really well. Three years ago. I wanted to ask him for advice on what to do with my life.”
“No one knows you better than yourself.”
She paused. It was something she had to hear. “Do you ever miss a different version of yourself?”
Ghostface shrugged. “Who doesn’t miss being a kid? I used to play with hella Legos.”
“I just don’t know what I want to do with my life. Like, my younger self would’ve been disappointed, you know? I haven’t even declared a major yet. I used to be so ambitious. I thought getting into a great college would be the end of it and–”
“Honestly,” Ghostface said loudly, “I think you’re overthinking. Things aren’t that deep. You’ll be okay.”
And maybe he was painfully surface level and two inches shorter than her, but it was the influence of alcohol, and the moonlight hitting his face, and his half-reception to what she was saying that deeply attracted her to him at that moment. She twirled the ends of her black wig. “Do you wanna dance downstairs?”
Ghostface laughed. “Umm. I got a girl.”
Talk about a Halloween horror. Frankenstein’s face flushed in embarrassment. “My bad,” she said, handing him the vaping device.
“I mean.” He took a step closer, and his breath smelled like every substance imaginable. “She doesn’t have to know.”
“What?” she exclaimed. “Dude, you’re gross.”
“Well,” he said defensively, “I’ve never made out with Frankenstein’s monster before.”
“You’re so —” She ran a hand through her wig. “Wait. What did you call me?”
It was as if a flip had switched. “What’s offensive about what I said? You can’t be serious. Are you going to cancel me? Are you going to say I came onto you —”
“Shut up! I asked what you referred to me as.”
“Frankenstein’s monster, Jesus Christ. Isn’t that your costume? Or are we not allowed to say that anymore? Is it not gender neutral enough for you —” 
Frankenstein’s monster. This whole time, she’d been referring to herself as Frankenstein. A quick Google search — as she blocked out Ghostface’s rambles on how TikTok has radicalized a generation — told her he was right. Frankenstein was the name of the doctor who created the monster. Even in her costume, she didn’t know who she was.
Downstairs, the world spun around her. She wasn’t in the mood to drink anymore or do much, really. But then she saw her girls. The bunny and SpongeBob made their way over, anxiety etched on their beautiful faces. “Where have you been?” SpongeBob exclaimed, adjusting her top. “We’ve been so worried.”
“In hell. On the rooftop. I realized —”
“Not tonight, Frankie,” the bunny said. “Not tonight. Come on. Let’s have some fun. You didn’t drag us here for nothing.”
“I’m not actually Frankenstein,” she said, and her voice cracked. “I’m Frankenstein’s monster. Did you know that? I don’t know who I am.”
“Well, it’s Halloween,” SpongeBob said gently. “You can be whoever.”
“And you can either be the mopey girl who’s scared of her future, or the fun one who embraces it,” the bunny said. Tough and gentle love from her girls. It was needed.
Frankenstein’s monster took her friends’ hands and made her way to the dance floor. Later, in the middle of rubbing her green makeup off, her ex-boyfriend would call her back, and she would valiantly ignore it because the red-pilled man who had snorted a line on the rooftop was right. Maybe she wasn’t Frankenstein. Maybe she wasn’t the same driven girl anymore. But somehow, the motivation would return. It had to. And well, it didn’t have to come back tonight. It was Halloween, after all.
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: