There’s a lot to unpack here
Paris Fashion Week, Men’s Spring/Summer 2025, ended with a bang on Sunday in the French capital. Some of the biggest names in fashion and entertainment came together for the final day of couture and celebration, and among them was Gigi Hadid, who was caught looking incredible while en route to an after-party.
If you’re looking for a statement-making party dress, the supermodel’s fit was it. The piece was a fabulous sculptural minidress from Balmain covered entirely in small beads in different shades of blue. Together, these created a 3-D illustration of a topless woman wearing a bunched-up denim miniskirt—with a pocket and a button and everything!
The design was so realistic, it was hard to tell where the illusion ended and where Hadid’s real body began. Like a true catwalk superstar, she wore the mini with confidence and even paired it with some casually cool accessories: a small black leather handbag, pointy black heels, black oval sunglasses, and silver hoops.
Hadid had her blonde bob slicked to one side and curled up at the ends to complement her extravagant ensemble. As for makeup, she opted for a pretty pink lip. 
Hadid was joined at the bash by several industry friends, including fellow supermodel Kendall Jenner, who wore a light gray set from Khy—sister Kylie Jenner’s clothing brand. Boyfriend Bad Bunny stepped out with Kendall in a coordinating light gray suit, black top, white and black Adidas Sambas, and black shades.
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.