FESTIVAL SEASON
The 2025 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival returns April 11–13 and April 18–20 at the 78-acre Empire Polo Club in Indio, CA. As one of the biggest and most anticipated music festivals in the world, concertgoers are buzzing with the lineup. Headliners include Lady Gaga, Green Day, Post Malone who perform a career retrospective set, Travis Scott, and more. This year’s lineup is packed with both up-and-coming talent and superstars alike.
Although we've seen more Latino names on the lineup in the past, it's always nice seeing representation. Here are seven spicy and seasoned acts you won’t want to miss.
Playing on Saturday, CA7RIEL & Paco Amoroso gained viral success after their NPR Tiny Desk performance. Comprised of brothers Catriel and Ulises Guerreiro from Buenos Aires, Argentina, their sound is hard to describe because it's a colorful mix of indie, funk, and Latin influences. They recently announced their debut U.S. tour for 2025.
Famous for their collaboration with Bad Bunny on “Otro Atardecer,” The Marías describe themselves as the "psychedelic-soul lovechild" of Puerto Rican-bred María Zardoya and Los Angeles native Josh Conway. Catch them on Saturday.
Hailing from Riverside, California, Ivan Cornejo blends regional Mexican music with influences from Bon Iver and Johnny Cash. The 20-year-old singer-songwriter sold over 250,000 tickets in his U.S. headline shows this year and will perform on Saturday.
One of the biggest names in the urban Mexican music genre, Junior H is a pioneer of the corridos tumbados movement. With over 1.4 billion streams of his latest album, his $AD BOYZ MANIA - US TOUR 2024 follows a wildly successful 2023. He’ll be performing on Saturday. 
Rawayana is a Venezuelan band formed in Caracas in 2007. Described as "trippy pop" the group consists of vocalist/guitarist Alberto "Beto" Montenegro, bassist Antonio "Tony" Casas, drummer Andrés Story, and guitarist Alejandro Abeijón and is known for blending reggae, funk, salsa, and more. 
Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel, who has two years left with LA Philharmonic before he joins the New York Philharmonic will bring magic to the stage on Saturday, and make history as the first major orchestra to play its own set on one of the main stages at Coachella. 
This African American and Puerto Rican twin DJ duo, consisting of Corianna ("Coco") and Brianna ("Breezy") Dotson, brings their high-energy sounds to the stage on Friday. Known for their DJ residency at Ushuaïa Ibiza, they’re sure to deliver an unforgettable set.
Brazilian superstar Anitta is no stranger to the Coachella stage. After her star-studded 2022 performance, she returns on Saturday. Recently nominated for two Latin Grammys, Anitta continues to dominate the music scene.
Two-time Latin GRAMMY-nominated Brazilian DJ ALOK will bring his high-level performance production to Coachella's iconic Sahara tent for both weekends on Saturday. ALOK has also been performing for record-breaking crowds in Brazil of 750,000 people, at times surpassing 1 million, including his 2024 New Year’s performance in Brazil.
Los Mirlos is a Peruvian cumbia band with origins in Moyobamba, Peru. Los Mirlos has been around for decades and has been active since 1972. Considered the pioneers of Amazonian cumbia, catch their sat on Friday. 
Mexican singer and songwriter El Malilla is another act you don't want to miss on Saturday. Representing the Mexican reggaeton scene, the 25-year-old will have you dancing throughout his set. 
© ¡HOLA! Reproduction of this article and its photographs in whole or in part is prohibited, even when citing their source.