By RUTH FRANCIS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  00:30, 9 March 2024   |  Updated:  01:35, 9 March 2024   
 47
View  comments
Kendall Jenner looked sensational as she stepped out in Paris on Friday evening.
The supermodel, 28, showed off her impeccable sense of style in a vintage Mugler red peplum dress.
The long sleeved, sophisticated getup featured mini button detailing which highlighted her tiny waist and hourglass silhouette.
As she headed out in the French capital, Kendall oozed glamour as she accessorised with silver earrings and toted her belongings in a small black bag.
She completed her look with dark rectangular sunglasses and black court heels.
Kendall Jenner showed off her impeccable sense of style in a vintage Mugler red peplum dress as she took to the streets of Paris on Friday night
Earlier in the day, the Tequila founder was spotted leaving the prestigious Ritz Hotel in a chic black dress and the same rounded sunglasses
The long sleeved, sophisticated getup featured mini button detailing which highlighted her tiny waist and hourglass silhouette
For her night out, The Kardashians star styled her raven black tresses off her face and opted for a bold red lip, to match her dress.
The influencer was in Paris to promote her hand-crafted, award-winning tequila named 818.
As she took to Instagram, she could be seen in one of the images holding an 8 shaped bottle where the Tequlia was stored, which retails at £240.
Earlier in the day, the Tequila founder was spotted leaving the prestigious Ritz Hotel in a chic black dress and sunglasses.
She rocked a monochromatic makeup look of a peachy-pink blush and matte lip.
For jewellery, the TV personality accessorised only with a pair of large black earrings.
The outing comes after she filmed a L'Oréal advertisement at the Vendome Park in Paris on Thursday. 
The star looked like she was in good spirits despite the chilly temperatures in the French capital as she shot scenes on a busy street next to a vintage red car. 
For her night out, The Kardashians star styled her raven black tresses off her face and opted for a bold red lip, to match her dress
As she took to Instagram, Kendall could be seen in one of the images holding an 8 shaped bottle where the Tequllia was stored, which retails at £240
As she headed out in the French capital, Kendall oozed glamour as she accessorised with silver earrings and toted her belongings in a small black bag
Kendall's makeup was flawless and behind the sunglasses could be seen rocking a smokey eye for dramatic effect 
The trip to Paris comes after the news that Kendall and her ex Devin Booker are 'working on their relationship' following recent rumours of a reconciliation - following her split from Bad Bunny.
The exes 'aren't fully back together yet, but they have been spending a lot of time together,' according to a source who spoke with Us Weekly.
'He's happy to have a shot with Kendall again because he really missed her,' the insider added of the basketball player, who was recently seen sharing a Super Bowl suite with the Kardashians star.
According to the insider, Kendall's close ones didn't see a future between her and ex-boyfriend Bad Bunny, 29, whom she started dating following her split from Devin.
'Kendall's close circle of friends never saw her dating Bad Bunny long-term, and they've been wanting her to get back with Devin for a long time.'
They are now 'hopeful' that Kendall and Devin will 'make things official at some point soon.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group