By
			
			Niki		

A little holistic healing was on tap for the group in Married to Medicine Season 10, Episode 9! Previously, Dr. Heavenly had swallowed her pride and reached out to her sister, while Sweet Tea learned the news she might have trouble conceiving a baby. Now the ladies were all about resetting, whether it be with their marriages or family. Here’s everything you need to know about Married to Medicine Season 10, Episode 9: “Good Vibrations.” 
It was time for a preggers Da Brat to check in with Dr. Jackie. And much to her dismay, her wife Judy snitched on her again for eating fast food. Jackie tried to convince Brat to stick with green beans, but nothing was going to keep her away from some fried dumplings. The good news was things were going well for Brat leading up to her C-section. However, Jackie wanted to make sure Brat had a birth plan, as maternity mortality was important to her. Brat just wanted to make sure she didn’t have to have any contractions. Amen to that!
Toya and her husband Dr. Eugene were having a stay at home date with breakfast for dinner. Apparently waffles weren’t enough to keep the date from going sideways. Toya was tired of the same old same old and buying herself flowers. Eugene didn’t help the matter when he motioned for Toya to wrap up her grievances because he had bacon to flip.
Still, he finally got the memo and agreed to start doing activities out of the house. Toya wanted to keep that flame alive, and their current situation was not it.
Dr. Simone and Cecil popped some champs with their sons Miles and Michael. They were celebrating the birds flying out of the nest and into their new investment condo. Simone couldn’t be happier her sons were out of the house, but Cecil was a different story. His plan was to become their unofficial third roommate. Simone had also brought over a Costco-sized bag of condoms and sprinkled them all about. They did not want to become grandparents anytime soon!
Celebration was not on Heavenly and Dr. Damon’s mind as they were more somber about their daughter Alaura leaving. Heavenly had whipped out the baby pics and the two took a trip down memory lane. She also told Damon she had reached out to her sister.
Heavenly was willing to do whatever it took to fulfill her mother’s wish that she and her sister mend their issues. In the meantime, the two were happy to still have each other and their five fur babies to keep them company. 
The breakfast theme continued as Phaedra and Dr. Alicia met up for brunch. Phaedra wasn’t thrilled about Quad talking about her behind her back to Heavenly. She noted if things were that bad, talk to Jesus. While on the Napa trip Phaedra had performed Reiki on Alicia. She was now certified and wanted to get the girls together to practice Reiki as a group. Phaedra said it would provide peace and tranquility. And if all else failed, there was always Xanax!
Sweet Tea cooked up some homemade bolognese for her hubby Dr. G. He asked how she was feeling after her recent trip to the doctor. Her endometriosis was bad enough she might have to have surgery. And this meant a delay in trying for a baby. Dr. G was worried about his age being a factor, however he reassured Sweet Tea his sperm were strong swimmers. He added if it was meant to be to have a baby they would have one, but she would always be number one. 
Eugene lived up to his promise and took Toya out on a date to a fancy butcher shop. Immediately you could tell Toya was not loving the vibe. They were brought to a private room in the back where the chef cooked only the best variety of steaks for the two of them. When Eugene jumped over the table to help the chef cook, Toya knew this date was more for him than for her. Still, she gave him a seven out of 10 for trying. Toya joked and told Eugene a “C” is a passing grade. No “A” for effort just yet!
Skeptics and non skeptics arrived at the health sanctuary to meet Phaedra and her Shaman. However, all skepticism went out the window as soon as the ladies saw how good looking the Shaman was. Suddenly the group was all for some Reiki. So, Phaedra played her healing flute and the Shaman beat his drum. The Reiki was on! 
Heavenly was shocked at the sensation she had felt, so she decided to stay behind for a one on one session while the rest of the group went outside. Phaedra then asked her about her sister. Heavenly told her she’s done all she can and she’s not sure what else to do. Phaedra advised her not call her sister a “bitch” for one. Sound advice! She joked that Heavenly had a hard exterior like an Easter bunny; once you cracked them on the head they would melt.
Meanwhile Sweet Tea told the ladies about her doctors visit and the potential surgery for her endometriosis. Simone and Jackie agreed there were risks involved regarding having a baby whether she had the surgery or not. Sweet Tea was happy to feel a sense of camaraderie amongst the group. Heavenly and Phaedra came to join them, and everyone was finally in good spirits. Mission accomplished for Phaedra!
Married To Medicine continues Sundays at 9/8c on Bravo.
TELL US – WHAT DID YOU THINK OF MARRIED TO MEDICINE SEASON 10, EPISODE 9? DO YOU THINK TOYA AND EUGENE WILL BE ABLE TO RECONNECT? HAVE YOU EVER HAD A REIKI SESSION?
Niki is a Bravoholic and reality TV junkie. Her favorite housewife is RHONY’s Luann de Lesseps, and she strives to live by Luann’s advice to, “Be cool. Don’t be all, like, uncool.”
Share article