E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
By VIVIAN KWARM | vkwarm@nydailynews.com | New York Daily News
With its extravagant dress code and star-studded guest list, the 2024 Met Gala is almost upon us.
Every year on the first Monday in May, a veritable pop culture who’s who assembles at the Metropolitan Museum of Art to attend the Costume Institute’s exhibition and benefit dinner. Following last year’s event, which was in honor of the late Karl Lagerfeld, this year’s exhibition is called “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion,” and the official dress code theme for the party is “The Garden of Time.”
And as for who’s expected to attend this year’s black-tie benefit, the 2024 hosts will definitely be there, so fans can be assured that Zendaya, Bad Bunny, Liam Hemsworth and Jennifer Lopez will be in attendance. This group follows last year’s co-chairs, which included Penelope Cruz, Michaela Coel, Roger Federer, Dua Lipa, and, of course, Vogue’s editor in chief, Anna Wintour.
The big question is, what celebrities are on the guest list? While the complete roster of invitees is a heavily guarded secret, previous galas can give us a glimpse into who might grace fashion’s most anticipated night.
Based on years past, we can safely bet on showstoppers like Rihanna, Blake Lively, the Kardashians and Beyoncé.
Although Taylor Swift hasn’t announced whether she’ll be in attendance, over the course of her career she has attended six Met Galas. In 2016, she wore a wore a metallic Louis Vuitton dress to the event, but that was the last time she attended.
In the eight years since her last appearance, the Kardashians have consistently been in attendance, so if Swift were to attend this year, it’s likely she’d run into her nemesis, Kim Kardashian.
That encounter is unlikely, though. The Gala is just three days before Swift restarts the Eras Tour in Paris with four shows. She’ll follow that with dates throughout Europe and the U.K. until the end of August.
Zendaya, however, is making a grand return after a five-year hiatus from the Met steps. The 27-year-old actress says, while it’s “exciting,” it’s also “terrifying.”
“Going up the steps is very daunting, and I haven’t been back for maybe four or five years,” she said in an April 23 interview on “Live With Kelly and Mark.” “So this is, like, my first time back at the Met in quite a while.”
The “Challengers” star also confirmed that retired longtime stylist Law Roach would be the person to ask what she’s wearing.
“It’s fun in the sense that I like to look at fashion as creativity,” she said. “Even in press tours, it’s a way to continue the creativity from the film. … I like to just create characters, because ultimately sometimes, doing this for a living feels a little weird and awkward and I’m more of a shy, introverted person, so I get to create these characters.“
Fashion’s biggest night takes place May 6 at the Metropolitan Museum of Art on the Upper East Side at 6 p.m. Eastern time. The red carpet can be streamed on Vogue’s website and will be broadcast on E!
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group