The biggest night in Hollywood is finally here!
It's the biggest night in Hollywood as the 96th Academy Awards – and all the stars and creatives behind the biggest films of the past year – descend on the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles.
Film fanatics across the world will be wanting to tune in to watch the ceremony and, if you're in the UK, it couldn't be easier to do so. Plus, it's free!
The hottest topic is, of course, who will take home the Oscars for Best Picture, with the nominations making up one of the best line-ups we've seen in years.
The Oscars nominations for 2024 were announced back in January, with Oppenheimer leading the way with 13 nods in total, followed by Poor Things with 11 nominations and Martin Scorsese's Killers of the Flower Moon, which bagged 10 nominations.
There has been little controversy in the run-up to the Academy Awards 2024 other than the online outrage over Barbie’s snubs, with the omission of Greta Gerwig and Margot Robbie’s names prompting backlash from Barbie fans given the feminist messaging of the film.
Backlash was also fuelled by the fact that co-star Ryan Gosling picked up a nomination for his role as Barbie’s Ken.
Movie fans across the UK will likely be wondering how to tune in to the ceremony to see who bags the coveted awards. Read on for everything you need to know about how to watch the Oscars 2024 in the UK.
Sign up to get alerts for movie news, reviews and recommendations
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
The Oscars 2024 take place tonight, Sunday 10th March.
The ceremony will once again be held at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles.
The ceremony begins at 4pm Los Angeles time. For viewers in the UK, the ceremony starts at 11pm.
For those in the UK wondering how to watch the Oscars and (also importantly) how to watch the ceremony for free, it will be available to watch on ITV1 and ITVX, with a new companion show hosted by Jonathan Ross starting from 10:30pm on Sunday 10th March.
It was announced last year that ITV had acquired the exclusive rights to broadcast the Academy Awards in the UK, with Sky and NOW previously airing the ceremony.
If you don't want to stay up into the early hours of tomorrow morning and would rather catch up on the Oscars after the ceremony airs, tomorrow, ITV will release a 90-minute highlights episode recapping the biggest moments of the ceremony.
It will air on ITV1 on 10:45pm on Monday 11th March, and will become available to watch on ITVX.
This year's ceremony will feature a number of Oscars guest presenters including directing icon Steven Spielberg, Al Pacino, Barbie's Ryan Gosling and America Ferrera, and Dune: Part Two cast members Zendaya and Anya Taylor-Joy.
The full list of presenters are as follow:
Jimmy Kimmel will host the Academy Awards this year, marking his fourth time with hosting duties.
"I always dreamed of hosting the Oscars exactly four times," Kimmel joked in a statement.
"We are thrilled about Jimmy returning to host and Molly returning as executive producer for the Oscars. They share our love of movies and our commitment to producing a dynamic and entertaining show for our global audience," Academy CEO Bill Kramer and Academy President Janet Yang said in a joint statement (as per The Hollywood Reporter).
"We are deeply grateful to Jimmy, Molly and their teams for their incredible creativity and partnership and for going on this ride with us again."
We've compiled 250 movies into one great book, with reviews, pictures and trivia – order your copy of the Radio Times ★★★★★ Film Guide now.
The Academy Awards will take place on Sunday 10th March. Check out more of our Film coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on.
Try Radio Times magazine today and get 10 issues for only £10 – subscribe now. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.
Katelyn Mensah is the Senior Entertainment Writer for Radio Times, covering all major entertainment programmes, reality TV shows and the latest hard-hitting documentaries. She previously worked at The Tab, with a focus on reality TV and showbiz news and has obtained a BA (Hons) in Journalism.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!