Bad Bunny has reportedly been cast in 'Caught Stealing'.

The Grammy Award winning musician - who has also explored the world of acting with roles in the likes of 'Bullet Train, 'Narcos: Mexico' and 'Cassandro' - is said to have signed up for Darren Aronofsky's upcoming crime thriller.

According to Deadline, Bunny will join Austin Butler in the Sony Pictures movie, although his role is currently unknown.

According to the film's logline, it follows Butler as "burned-out former baseball player" Hank Thompson, who finds himself "unwittingly plunged into a wild fight for survival in the downtown criminal underworld of ‘90s NYC".

The flick is based on Charlie Huston's book of the same name, while the author will also write the script.

The cast will also feature Zoe Kravitz, Regina King, Liev Schreiber, Matt Smith and Will Brill.

Aronofsky recently told Deadline: "I am excited to be teaming up with my old friends at Sony Pictures to bring Charlie’s adrenaline-soaked roller coaster ride to life.

"I can’t wait to start working with Austin and my family of New York City (NYC) filmmakers."

Sanford Panitch, President of Sony Pictures' Motion Picture Group, said: "Darren is one of the most brilliant audiovisual storytellers in the world, and adapting these wonderful books by Charlie Huston for Austin to star was too exciting an opportunity to not be a part of."

Butler recently appeared in the blockbuster 'Dune: Part Two' as the antagonist Feyd-Rautha Harkonnen but he has explained that he didn't go as deeply into the part as he did when he starred in the title role in the 'Elvis' biopic.

He previously told the Los Angeles Times newspaper: "I've definitely in the past, with 'Elvis', explored living within that world for three years and that being the only thing that I think about day and night.

"With Feyd, I knew that that would be unhealthy for my family and friends." 

He continued: "So I made a conscious decision to have a boundary. It allowed for more freedom between action and cut because I knew I was going to protect everybody else outside of the context of what we were doing."