By AMELIA WYNNE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:05, 28 July 2024   |  Updated:  11:30, 28 July 2024   
 116
View  comments
Lady Gaga fans went wild saying she was 'just like them' after she was spotted stepping out to buy a takeaway sandwich in Paris on Saturday.
The singer, 38, is in the French capital after performing at the Olympics Opening Ceremony on Friday night. 
And after she was keen to make the most of the city's culinary delights - stopping off to to order a sandwich herself - despite her superstar status.
She was seen looking typically chic in an all-black ensemble while sporting dark shades and flawless makeup - as she was joined by two burly bodyguards. 
Lady Gaga - who said back in 2011 that she 'loved ham and cheese sandwiches from Paris' - was seen chatting away making her order before sharing a laugh and joke with one of the waiters who took her card payment. 
VIDEO: Lady Gaga stops to buy sandwiches in Paris (July 27). pic.twitter.com/lR2H1PTwtk
Lady Gaga fans went wild saying she was 'just like them' after she was spotted stepping out to buy a takeaway sandwich in Paris on Saturday
She was seen looking typically chic in an all-black ensemble while sporting dark shades and flawless makeup - as she was joined by two burly bodyguards while ordering
She was then seen being escorted out by her two security men as fans who spotted her took snaps and videos.
The star was then whisked away in a waiting car as she carried her takeaway sandwich all wrapped up for her in her hand. 
Her fans went wild over the clip as they said on X: 'I just love that Lady Gaga is so well protected that she can buy sandwiches normally, as the rest of us. Good stuff!',
'Gaga probably tried to order the sandwiches in French she's so extra like that!',
'imagine your enjoying your lunch at a restaurant and lady gaga steps out to order sandwiches to go for her and her boyfriend.',
'she is living her best life I'm so happy for her.',
'she's just like me!',
'where was she and what did she order?!.'
'Gaga said in 2011, « I love Paris, ham and cheese sandwiches », and now we're in 2024 and we saw her ordering a « sandwich jambon fromage » in Paris again!'
In an interview back in 2011 she said how much she loved ham and cheese sandwiches from Paris.
Her fans went wild over the clip as they said on X: 'I just love that Lady Gaga is so well protected that she can buy sandwiches normally, as the rest of us. Good stuff!'
The singer, 38, is in the French capital after performing at the Olympics Opening Ceremony on Friday night 
Over the weekend she wrote on X, formerly Twitter, about the work she put into her performance and thanked France for the opportunity to perform
She appeared to be speaking on a French TV show as she showed off her linguistic talent with the comment in French.
It comes after she delighted fans on Saturday night by singing Always Remember Us This Way outside her Paris hotel - a day after she wowed at the Olympics 2024 Opening Ceremony.
The American singer emerged from the sunroof of her car to sing the hit song featured in her 2018 film with Bradley Cooper: A Star Is Born.
She stunned in a black suit and spread her arms theatrically as she encouraged the crowd to sing louder.
Before she entered the building, the star happily stopped to sign autographs and posed for photos with fans.
Just the night before, Lady Gaga put on an unforgettable performance with pink plumes at the 2024 Paris Olympics Opening Ceremony.
Also performing on Friday was Celine Dion, 56, who made an emotional return to the stage after detailing her struggles with Stiff Person Syndrome. 
Lady Gaga's A Star Is Born is the fourth English-language adaptation of the story, after the original 1937 romantic drama and its 1954 and 1976 remakes, and all being American.
It follows an alcoholic musician (Bradley) who discovers and falls in love with a young singer (Lady Gaga) but begins to sabotage her career when he feels he is getting left behind.
The film received numerous accolades, including eight nominations for the 91st Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Actor (Bradley) and Best Actress (Lady Gaga).
It won Best Original Song for Shallow and also earned five nominations at the 76th Golden Globe Awards, including Best Motion Picture – Drama.
A Star Is Born won Best Original Song for Lady Gaga and Bradley's duet, Shallow. 
The film's soundtrack received a BAFTA Award and four Grammy Award wins out of seven nominations, including nominations for Song of the Year two years in a row. 
As a result of all the film's accolades, Lady Gaga became the first woman in history to win an Academy Award, a Grammy Award, a BAFTA Award, and a Golden Globe Award in the same year.
On Friday night, the songstress performed a rendition of Mon Truc En Plumes' on a set of stairs along the Seine River and took to social media afterwards to pay tribute to the country. 
She wrote on X (formerly Twitter): 'I feel so completely grateful to have been asked to open the Paris @Olympics 2024 this year. 
'I am also humbled to be asked by the Olympics organising committee to sing such a special French song-a song to honour the French people and their tremendous history of art, music, and theatre.
The crowd featured a host of world leaders, including French President Emmanuel Macron and Sir Keir Starmer, the recently-elected British Prime Minister.
The House of Gucci star also used her social media post to reveal how she had studied French choreography for the performance and how much of it was inspired by the country's theatre scene.
She added: 'We rented pom poms from Le Lido archive—a real French cabaret theater. We collaborated with Dior to create custom costumes, using naturally molted feathers.
'I studied French choreography that put a modern twist on a French classic. I rehearsed tirelessly to study a joyful French dance, brushing up on some old skills'
'I bet you didn’t know I used to dance at a 60’s French party on the lower east side when I was first starting out! I hope you love this performance as much as I do.
She concluded her post by congratulating the athletes about to take part in the games as she declared them 'open'.
However, the singer was forced to battle a series of issues including sound problems and wet weather, which caused a dancer to slip over.
In footage from BBC Sport, he is seen kicking on leg in the air before falling backwards.
The dancer then disappears out of view behind a speaker as he land flat on his back before recovering and continuing with the routine.
The Telephone songstress had been heavily rumoured to have booked a slot at the opening of the world sporting event, but some fans seemed unimpressed with the sound quality.
Flocking to X, formerly known as Twitter, fans said her piece 'must have been her worst ever' and claimed she sang in 'French adjacent' as they slammed the broadcast's audio.
One penned: 'Great performance from Lady Gaga. Shame the French forgot to do a sound check beforehand.'
'Lady Gaga performing to no large audience in a stadium but on a platform next to the river. The sound is awful, sound just getting lost in the vast open space rather than being reverberated around a stadium.'
'Very famous FRENCH artist... uh... #LadyGaga. With a... Uhm... I don't know what that performance was, but must have been her worst ever. #OlympicGames #Paris2024'
'Lady Gaga ain't even f*****g French. This is like if Bad Bunny sung while the Olympics were being held in Colombia'
On Friday night, the songstress performed a rendition of Mon Truc En Plumes' on a set of stairs along the Seine River 
The Telephone songstress had been heavily rumoured to have booked a slot at the opening of the world sporting event, but some fans seemed unimpressed with the sound quality 
Despite some fans feeling disappointed, others loved her appearance as they said she 'slayed' her 'amazing' performance.
One X user wrote: '@ladygaga is sensational in the Olympic opening ceremony. Wow!!!!!'
'BEAUTIFUL'
'It's amazing how it's a well-known fact that Lady Gaga is very talented, but she still manages to take it to new heights.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group