STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. — For the fifth week in a row, “Saturday Night Live” prepares for a brand new episode tonight.
American actress, comedian, and screenwriter Kristen Wiig will host for her fifth time, while London-born singer-songwriter RAYE will make her debut as a musical guest.
Wiig, known for her versatile talent, left an indelible mark during her time on “SNL” from 2005 to 2012. Her memorable characters like the Target Lady and Gilly became instant classics. Wiig has also made successful returns to the show as both a host and in cameos, including the recent appearance on Dec. 16, alongside Maya Rudolph and Kate McKinnon.
In addition to her “SNL” success, Wiig has starred in hit films like the comedy “Bridesmaids”, the emotional drama “The Skeleton Twins”, the offbeat comedy “Barb”, and the animated blockbuster series “Despicable Me,” where she brought the character Lucy Wilde to life. Her latest venture, “Barb and Star Go to Vista Del Mar,” demonstrated her comedic talent once more.
RAYE’s debut on the show adds to her list of accolades from the success of her debut album, ‘My 21st Century Blues’. At the recent BRIT Awards, she made history by winning six awards in one night, including Song Of The Year, Best R&B Act, Best New Artist, and Songwriter Of The Year.
A post shared by Saturday Night Live (@nbcsnl)
The show — now in its 49th season — returned with new episodes in mid-October. And, in typical “SNL” fashion, the long-running show brought in a very special guest for its season premiere on Oct. 14: Pete Davidson, the born-and-raised Staten Islander who joined “SNL” in 2014 at the ripe age of 20, and bowed out at the end of Season 47. Ice Spice was the musical guest.
Puerto Rican rapper and singer Bad Bunny pulled double duty on Oct. 21. Stand-up comedian Nate Bargatze hosted the Oct. 28 episode, alongside musical guest the Foo Fighters.
Nov. 11 saw “Dune” and “Wonka” actor Timothée Chalamet host for his second time. He was joined by musical guest Boygenius, which is comprised of singers Phoebe Bridgers, Lucy Dacus, and Julien Baker. On Nov. 18, Jason Momoa returned to “SNL” to host for the second time. Tate McRae made her debut as a musical guest.
On Dec. 2, actress Emma Stone hosted alongside musical guest Noah Kahan. It was Stone’s fifth time hosting “SNL,” which inducted her into the illustrious Five-Timer’s Club. On Dec. 9, actor Adam Driver hosted, with Olivia Rodrigo as musical guest. On Dec. 16, former “Saturday Night Live” superstar Kate McKinnon returned to Studio 8H for the first time since her exit from the show in 2022 at the end of Season 47. She was joined by singer Billie Eilish.
The first show of 2024 featured actor Jacob Elordi with musical guest Rapp on Jan. 20. The Jan. 27 episode featured “Madame Web” actress Dakota Johnson, alongside musical guest Justin Timberlake. On Feb. 3, actress Ayo Edebiria of “The Bear” hosted, with Jennifer Lopez as musical guest. On Feb. 24, comedian Shane Gillis hosted for the first time; he was joined by musical guest 21 Savage. On March 2, actress Sydney Sweeney made her debut as host, while country singer Kacey Musgraves returned for her third appearance as a musical guest. On March 9, actor Josh Brolin hosted with musical guest Ariana Grande making her third appearance on the show. The March 30 episode featured comedian and actor Ramy Youssef for the first time with Grammy-nominated rapper Travis Scott making his second appearance as a musical guest.
Fans of “SNL” will be happy to know former Staten Islander Colin Jost, the longest-serving “Weekend Update” anchor in the show’s history, is still at the desk. Joining Jost for Season 49 of “SNL” is his longtime “Weekend Update” co-anchor Michael Che, plus Mikey Day, Andrew Dismukes, Chloe Fineman, Heidi Gardner, Punkie Johnson, Ego Nwodim, Kenan Thompson and Bowen Yang.
Featured players Marcello Hernández, James Austin Johnson, Molly Kearney, Michael Longfellow, Sarah Sherman, and Devon Walker have also returned. Chloe Troast is the only new addition to the cast.
HOW TO WATCH AND STREAM OLD AND NEW EPISODES OF ‘SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE’
“Saturday Night Live” airs Saturdays at 11:30 p.m. on NBC.
You can find which channel NBC is on by using the channel finders here: Verizon Fios, AT&T U-verse, Comcast Xfinity, Spectrum/Charter, Optimum/Altice, DIRECTV and Dish.
“Saturday Night Live” can be streamed on the following platforms:
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices