ByTim Lammers
ByTim Lammers,
 Contributor. 
Necar Zadegan and Jeremy Renner in "Mayor of Kingstown" Season 3.
When Necar Zadegan calls Season 3 of Mayor of Kingstown a “celebration,” its a word that should not be taken lightly.
After all, it was only 18 months ago when the hit series’ star and producer, Jeremy Renner, survived a horrific, near-fatal snowplow accident. As such, the future of Mayor of Kingstown was immediately cast into doubt—but that was hardly the concern of anyone involved in the series.
Instead, Zadegan told me in a recent Zoom conversation, the cast and crew simply just wanted their dear friend Jeremy to live.
“To come back in the way that he did after this type of accident, I mean, it's really a miracle,” Zadegan said. “And of course, when we had heard about it, the first thing you think is you are worried for your friend and the person that you care about, and that you've grown to admire and love.”
Zadegan stars in the pivotal role of Kingstown District Attorney Evelyn Foley in Mayor of Kingstown opposite Renner’s venerable fixer Mike McLusky. Zadegan has been a part of the Paramount+ series since the beginning, but in Season 3, Evelyn is becoming increasingly more involved as the exasperated DA and Mike struggle to keep the peace inside and outside the walls of Kingstown’s prisons.
It hasn’t been easy, though. A war has broken out on the streets between gang leader/drug dealer Bunny Washington (Tobi Bamtefa) and Russian mobster Konstantin Noskov (Yorick van Wageningen)—who is being aided by an imprisoned white supremacist leader, Merle Callahan (Richard Brake).
Of course, the high-stakes plot of Mayor of Kingstown Season 3 wouldn’t have been possible had it not been for Renner’s sheer will and determination to not only recover from his devastating injuries—but to continue on with the series as if nothing happened.
“You’ve got to be strong-minded and strong-willed to come back from literally the dead like that—and he did,” Zadegan said. “He's just a really cool guy. I’ve loved working with him from the very first day we worked together. It's so easy. He is a really strong-minded guy anyway. He just gets life.”
Necar Zadegan in "Mayor of Kingstown" Season 3
Needless to say, Necar Zadegan and her co-stars—as well as creatives including co-star/co-creator Hugh Dillon and writer/executive producer Dave Erickson—were galvanized by Jeremy Renner’s recovery. In fact, Zadegan feels as though Season 3 is arguably the best season of Mayor of Kingstown yet.
“The fact that Jeremy came back and wanted to do it was just such a celebration already,” Zadegan said. “But then to have Dave Erickson and Hugh Dillon take this season in the direction that they have is just the cherry on top.”
Lucky for Zadegan—whose esteemed career includes key roles in such hit series as 24, Girlfriends’ Guide to Divorce and NCIS: New Orleans—Erickson and Dillon already had big things planned for her Evelyn before Season 3 went into production.
“They actually called me and we met before we started working, and they were just very effusive about all the stuff that they had planned for my character,” Zadegan enthused. “I was really excited about it, but then to see the scripts come in and to really see what they were talking about written on the page, it just felt great. I was really grateful about it for so many different reasons. It really felt like a celebration every day we were on set.”
Necar Zadegan and Jeremy Renner in "Mayor of Kingstown."
In Season 3 of Mayor of Kingstown, the crime outside and inside of the city’s prison walls is getting out of control.
To begin with, dozens of bodies begin to drop in the early episodes since the drugs Bunny supplied to inmates were tainted his adversaries. It then became only a matter of time before the gang leader started to retaliate against Konstantin, Merle and their followers.
With such an ominous cloud always looming over Kingstown—and that cloud is about to get a lot darker in this Sunday’s Episode 7—it prompted me to ask Zadegan, “Why the hell doesn’t Evelyn just get the hell out of Dodge?”
Zadegan was quick to point out Evelyn did indeed—unlike her fellow Kingstown natives—get out of town once before.
“Evelyn is such an interesting character and I loved her from the very start,” Zadegan said. “She's the only one that actually got out. She left the town and she went to law school. She left, but she came back.”
Even with the brief respite in her character’s background, Zadegan admitted that she, too, has indeed posed to herself the question of why Evelyn would stick around in Kingstown amid such dire circumstances. In fact, Zadegan noted, the question has been in her mind since Mayor of Kingstown Season 1.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - SEPTEMBER 14:  Necar Zadegan attends the 2019 Creative Arts Emmy Awards on ... More September 14, 2019 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by JC Olivera/WireImage)
“The question of why she came back has always been one that I've been really aware of since we first started shooting—why she came back and why she stays and how she got that moment where she was able to get away,” Zadegan observed.
Unfortunately, Evelyn is now to the point in Mayor of Kingstown Season 3 where she’s facing the same fate as Al Pacino’s Don Michael Corleone in The Godfather, Part III. As hard as Evelyn tries to get out, she keeps getting pulled back in.
“As the seasons go on, Evelyn is getting sucked deeper and deeper and deeper back into this hole where it feels even more difficult to leave,” Zadegan said. “So, everyone seems to have this desire to leave and get out of this town but can't for some reason. But the fact that Evelyn's the only one that did get out and came back is so interesting.”
Necar Zadegan and Jeremy Renner in "Mayor Kingstown" Season 3.
Perhaps one of the most interesting storylines throughout the first three seasons of Mayor of Kingstown is how DA Evelyn Foley and Mike McLusky can work together so effectively since their professional and personal lives are intertwined.
At first, it seemed like Evelyn and Mike were using each other to get intimate as a matter of convenience between two lonely people, which understandably made it easier to carry on their professional dealings with each other as if nothing happened.
In Season 3, though, that dynamic is changing.
“We've come now to the third season where not only is Evelyn more involved with Mike, but she lets him come inside her home and spend the night,” Zadegan explained. “She's the one he comes to after the passing of his mother to find … it's something different than refuge. It's something different than comfort. She’s that person who can really get that part of him—that darker grief-stricken, harsh part of him. Not everybody can relate to that.”
Zadegan said the depth of their relationship stems from the fact that Evelyn and Mike were friends long before the madness of Kingstown consumed them both.
“There’s something really deep about their connection that goes beyond [where they were earlier in the relationship],” Zadegan said. “Of course, they grew up together. They've known each other for years. But there's something about people who knew you when you were young, because they see you from that perspective of innocence that does not continue with you otherwise.”
Ultimately, Zadegan thinks Evelyn and Mike’s personal and professional relationship works because they don’t see the world from a black-and-white perspective. It’s essential that in the world of law, order and crime that Evelyn and Mike operate in, they both have to accept the fact that they are always going to be shades of gray.
“They have a shared understanding about how they see the world and the line they're walking, where good is not good and bad is not bad,” Zadegan observed. “So, it's a very interesting relationship and I love digging into it. I love with every script and every scene that they're in together. It adds layers to those ideas.”
Mayor of Kingstown Episode 7 airs Sunday on Paramount+, with new Season 3 episodes premiering every Sunday through August 4.