People look forward to September for a couple of reasons. When it comes to weather, September marks the beginning of fall. For some parents, it marks the time to send kids back to school. For concert goers, this marks the beginning of concert season, and there are a bunch coming to the Tampa area. So I made a list. Here are 5 concerts coming to Tampa in September to look forward to.
This one is extra special, because this may be your last chance to see "Childish Gambino" perform live! No, he isn't retiring, he's just retiring from the name Childish Gambino. The "New World Tour" also not only has Donald Glover, but Willow Smith as well.  So you can sing about "summertime magic" or "whip my hair" back and forward, either way, Amalie Arena will will be the place to be on September 4th.
The perfect idea for a date night. Usually it would sound weird for someone to want their significant other to get serenaded by someone else, but when it comes to Maxwell, it makes total sense. Add Jazmine Sullivan and October London, there's no way the mood won't be set for the night. If you haven't yet, set your date night for September 15th at Amalie Arena.
The Back 2 Da Streetz Bash has something for everybody with their lineup. You can see Gucci Mane, Rob 49, Yung Miami, Plies, Ball Greezy, Tom G. and more! It all goes down September 20th at the Yuengling Center.
GET IT SEXYY!!! The Queen of the Ratchets is coming to Amalie Arena on September 25th and she just announced a new line up for the "Sexyy Red 4 President" Tour. Originally, the tour had Hunxho, Loe Shimmy and BLAKEIANA. Now, Tampa can look forward to seeing Kodak Black perform live as well. I don't know about you, but that seems like a fun time just hearing it. Plus, the viral videos of Sexxy Red and Kodak dancing validates how fun it is.
This is the one I've been looking forward to the most. Don't be surprised if you see me getting kicked out of the Yuengling Center on September 28th for proposing the Kehlani. Or should I say BAE-lani? Either way, best believe I'll be there staying "after hours" to get a photo with my boo.
What other concerts are you looking forward to going to in September?
Going to see a show is definitely not what it used to be. Pre-pandemic pricing for concert tickets was somewhat affordable and the resale game was not as competitive as it is today. Now your credit card is close to its limits if you plan to go to more than 2 "big" shows this year. We have a stacked lineup of artists coming to concert in Tampa this year. So we did a deep dive to see the most expensive concerts in Tampa for 2024.
Some clever people have found some hacks to get into these big shows for "cheap". Many have learned this from Beyoncé's Renaissance World Tour or Taylor Swift's Eras Tour. Some people will wait till the last possible minute to buy their tickets. They note in some viral TikToks that if you go to the stadium and wait till the headliner hits the stage, the remaining resale tickets drop! It can be a very stressful process, especially if you REALLY want to be at a particular show. You may miss the first few songs, but the discount will be worth it!
The prices you see below for these concerts in Tampa are just to get you in the door. Meaning they won't be the best seats in the house. Some refer to them as the "nosebleeds". They also don't include those pesky fees we all know (and hate). So be prepared to cough up an arm, leg, and vital organ if you plan on going to any of these shows. (All the prices shown are from Ticketmaster).
Some may ask "Is it worth it to spend this money on concert tickets?" Well, we know the cost of living is a struggle and we all have bills to pay. But these concerts bring so much joy and life-long core memories. Maybe you can treat yourself with a lucky scratch-off or win a contest (wink wink.)
Justin Timberlake is in his comeback era. The "cheapest" tickets to get you in the door at Amalie Arena start at $125. And that's for a partially obstructed view and basically the last row. Don't say we didn't warn ya!
The lineup you never would have put on your 2024 bingo card is a very popular show. Red Hot Chili Peppers will be at the MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre on July 21st. Joining them will be Ice Cube and Irontom. Lawn tickets for this show start at $162 for verified resale.
Bad Bunny puts on one of the hottest shows out there. This tour is special because there are no obstructed seats. So no matter where you sit in Amalie Arena, you should have a clear view of the stage. You may just need to bring binoculars for these $148 tickets in section 310.
Chris Stapleton puts on an amazing show, so these $140 lawn seats are definitely worth it if you're a fan or have never seen him before. Chris will be at the MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre with Grace Potter and Nikki Lane on Friday, May 10.
No surprise that one of country music's biggest stars is selling out show after show. Tickets for his first ever stadium tour are going for $246 on Ticketmaster, and that's for the 300 level. He'll be at Raymond James Stadium on Thursday, July 11.
If you missed them with Billy Joel earlier this year, here's your second chance! Because this show is at the Mahaffey Theater in St. Pete, it will be a little more intimate and expensive to get into. Current verified resale prices for balcony seats start at a whopping $538. If you can cough up that much money, they'll be here on May 9.
You may be asking yourself "Who the heck is this guy"? He's an up-and-coming unique country artist with a laid back sound. As we type this post, there are THREE (3) tickets left for his show at Raymond James Stadium on August 14. These tickets range from $575-945. But at least they aren't nosebleed seats!
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!