The prize went to Harry Styles in 2023.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	As the 2024 Grammy Awards ceremony comes over the horizon, one category in particular looms large: album of the year. The big Kahuna. 

	Every year, best album is one of the most contentious races by far. And 2024 is no exception, given the excellence of each nominee: Taylor Swift’s Midnights, SZA’s SOS, Olivia Rodrigo’s GUTS, Miley Cyrus’ Endless Summer Vacation, Lana Del Rey’s Did You Know That There’s a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd, Boygenius’ The Record, Jon Batiste’s World Music Radio and Janelle Monáe’s The Age of Pleasure.

	The AOTY category is extra interesting this year, for a couple of reasons. First, an overwhelming nine out of ten nominees are female musicians. Second, it will give Swift the opportunity to make history — if Midnights wins, she’ll set the record for most album of the year wins for any artist, which she is currently tied for at three with Frank Sinatra, Stevie Wonder and Paul Simon. The pop star previously earned Grammophones for 2008’s Fearless, 2014’s 1989 and 2020’s Folklore.

	










	Last year, the prize went to Harry Styles‘ Harry’s House over Beyoncé’s Renaissance, Adele’s 30, Bad Bunny’s Un Verano Sin Ti and more. During his speech, the “As It Was” singer offered some words of wisdom to remember going into this year’s show.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“I feel like on nights like tonight, there is no such thing as ‘best in music,’” he told the crowd at Crypto.com Arena. “I don’t think any of us sit in the studio making decisions based on what’s gonna get us one of these.”

	Who should win album of the year at the 2024 Grammys? Cast your vote below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.