Bodies change, and there's nothing we can do about it.
As we get older, parts of us just don't stay the same, and that's completely ok. Online coach Danielle, AKA Kale them with Kindness, is a dedicated gym bunny who works to promote body positivity.
She often shares advice with her over 100,000 Instagram followers – and recently she opened up about learning to embrace her body. Over the past few years, she gained weight out of choice, and she feels much better for it.
READ MORE: Curvy model strips to lingerie to show what 'real bums and tums' look like
Read all the latest lifestyle news by the team at Daily Star
The fitness babe shared two snaps of herself side-by-side to show how her body has altered. There was a time when she strived to be thin, so was super skinny, but she wanted this to change.
Sick of worrying about what she was eating, she decided to enjoy her life a little more, and indulge in some of the foods she loves. She still sticks to following a balanced lifestyle, but now her bod is a little fuller.
Now Danielle uses her platform to show what real bodies look like by flaunting her tummy rolls and creases. She said she knows her value hasn't decreased even though her body shape has changed.
Writing on Instagram, Danielle said: "We put so much pressure on ourselves to avoid our body changing, to look like we did when we were younger and/or look like a body we scrolled past on social media. But, bodies change.
"While we may have been conditioned to think that’s a bad thing, it’s actually so so normal and OKAY. Between these photos there’s not just weight gain, there’s also mental growth, there’s freedom and there’s happiness simply because I let go of only seeing food as calories and bad!!
"I’m so happy I chose recovery, I chose weight gain as it’s taken me to a place where I’m able to show up as my authentic self and enjoy my life the best I can. Just remember, weight gain usually is so much more than just weight gain and it doesn’t need to be seen as something negative."
Since she shared the post, more than 1,500 people have liked it and her followers were quick to comment too. People praised her for sharing such authentic content, and said they appreciate seeing posts that are "normal".
One person said: "I love this! Yes bodies can change and that’s okay. The big thing here is you love her at every stage she grows through."
Another wrote: "Yes we grow into a woman’s body and our great times and great food show a little more that’s totally ok and HOT." A third replied: "Both bodies beautiful, biggest difference is your glow, smile and confidence. Way to go."
Meanwhile, a fourth commented: "You look so much happier and healthier."
Want all the biggest Lifestyle news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Hot Topics newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.