From the cozy sweaters I'm wearing all winter long to my beauty go-tos I'm restocking.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

It's officially Cyber Monday—the close to the biggest shopping period of the year—so I'm putting together my online shopping cart. There's no telling how quickly the best Cyber Monday fashion and beauty deals will sell out, so it's time to prep and plan. Rather than keeping track of a hundred different sales from across the web this year, I'm keeping it simple and shopping all of the best deals at Amazon.
The retailer has nearly everything I'm looking for at a major discount ahead of the big holiday weekend. On the clothing front, I found affordable leggings to refresh my athleisure wardrobe, a few new white T-shirts since I'm (admittedly) always staining mine, and the best-ever sweaters that are chic as they are cozy. Meanwhile, there are plenty of beauty finds to restock my skincare and makeup routines, alongside a fancy new on-sale hair dryer that I'll be buying to replace my old one and a hair gloss I need to keep my dye job looking fresh. There are also lots of holiday gifts on Amazon I'm going to buy for the loved ones I still need to cross off my list.
If you need some shopping inspiration, scroll to see the Cyber Monday deals currently sitting in my shopping cart.From a new pair of on-sale sneakers to a pair of cozy discounted UGGs to the new Katie Holmes-approved leather tote bag, I'm willing to bet these items won't be in stock for long. These are products that I've personally tried or come recommended from hundreds (and in some cases, thousands) of five-star reviews, so you can rest assured that these are the cream of the Cyber Monday deals crop.
There's nothing worse than starting the day with impeccable winged eyeliner, only to end the night with raccoon eyes, hence why I'm stocking up on our top-ranked waterline eyeliner pick. Its waterproof formula won't budge until you go to take it off and it glides like a dream. 
Any chance I can steal the style of my favorite celebrity at a discount, I'm taking it. This is the exact Madewell tote bag Katie Holmes wears on repeat, so you can bet I'm making it mine on Cyber Monday. 
Apple Airtags are singlehandedly the greatest purchase I've made to upgrade my travels, so now I plan on gifting a few to loved ones. You can throw them in your suitcase, wallet, on your dog—anywhere or anything you may need to track in a pinch. They only take seconds to set up, too. 
I just dyed my hair a dark burgundy shade, and while it's gorgeous now, I can see the color fade away every time I shampoo it. I plan on stocking up on this top-rated hair gloss to refresh my color in between appointments and keep my dye job looking shiny and brand new for weeks. 
The next time I feel tempted to throw on a sweatshirt, I'll reach for this sweater instead. It has that same oversized, comfy feel, but is much more elevated thanks to its thick ribbed knit. Did I mention it comes in over 30 colors?
Finding the perfect workout leggings with pockets is no easy feat, but I managed to find this pair. They're buttery soft, pass the squat test (which means they are not see-through), and have the perfect amount of compression to keep you supported.
Marie Claire's Fashion E-Commerce Editor Julia Marzovilla told me she will be personally buying this set on Black Friday, so now I'm tempted to, too. With a potent vitamin C serum plus a peptide booster meant to boost your skincare products, this is a steal at $23. 
Personally, I can never have too many pajama sets, especially when they are as cute as these. But I also love to give them as gifts to my girlfriends. With 15 shades to choose from and a price tag of just $14, I can grab pairs for all of my besties. 
I never knew a face wash could be luxurious, but this one convinced me otherwise. Not only does it smell amazing (it has a light, herbal green scent), but it leaves my skin feeling soft and refreshed. It's great for the most sensitive of skin types, too, as proven with my own acne-prone, oily skin. 
Cool white sneakers are always a wardrobe staple in my life, and this Reebok pair remains a classic. It has a cool vintage feel and are comfortable enough to walk for miles on end. It's time to replace my pair from my college days—and what better time to do so when they are just $54?
This fuzzy sweater is hands down the softest knit I own, so I'm going back for another color while it's on sale. The exaggerated ribbed sleeves are a luxe detail that makes it stand out from the bunch, too. 
Baggy wide-leg jeans are one of fall's top denim trends, yet I still haven't found the perfect pair. Something tells me this top-rated Levi's style is just what I'm looking for. 
On a recent trip to my mom's house, I was forced to use her years-old hair dryer, and I'm not sure how it's still functioning. For Christmas, I've decided to upgrade her haircare routine with this top-rated option. It's got an impressive amount of power for its $40 price tag and it leaves hair silky and smooth in less than 10 minutes flat. 
As much as I need leggings for the gym, I also need a pair for everyday outfits—and this top-rated pair fits the bill. They're not see-through, won't roll down, and are so comfortable, that you can lounge all day long in them. 
I'm not safe with white clothing, so I like to keep a healthy amount of white T-shirts in my wardrobe. This Hanes pick is my go-to as it has the ideal fit—not too baggy and not too fitted—to tuck into my jeans or trousers. 
For those days I don't want to get out of bed, this is the cozy sweater I would throw on with leggings (the Satina pair above is my ideal choice) and a chic pair of knee-high boots, and call it a day.
In case you haven't noticed, leopard print is the print you need for fall. Add this dress to your cart to get more bang for your buck—the sweater can be worn on its own, so you have so many styling options. 
This style is everything I'm looking for in a knee-high boot: a low, sensible heel, a pointed heel, and a sleek silhouette. I may just have to grab them in the suede fabrication, too. 
When winter rolls around, it seems I never have enough loungewear sets. This is one I wouldn't feel bad leaving the house in as it's elevated and nowhere near frumpy. 
I've been on the hunt for a simple, yet luxe-looking shoulder bag to style this fall. Thankfully, I came across this pick, which reviewers love for its sleek, high-quality look, for under $100. 
I've been patiently waiting for Airpods to go on sale ever since I dropped one down a sewage grate months ago. My patience has paid off because they're $70 off right now.
There's no need to spend hundreds of dollars on frames when Amazon has sunglasses of top-notch quality for under $50. This pair is a classic square style you know and love—with polarized lenses—for just $23. 
All of Megan Markle's favorites from Tatcha are on major sale, but I'll be specifically stocking up on a few of the brand's Dewy Cream for winter. It's on the thicker, creamier side so it'll be a lifesaver for my dry skin over the next couple of months. I wouldn't pass this deal up because this is the most affordable price I've seen this cream at ever. 
I have a pair of these slippers and wear them nonstop around the house because they are incredibly cozy. And yes, they are sturdy enough to wear outside for impromptu errands. 
This is the perfect layer for when you want to be cozy, but work responsibilities are forcing you to look presentable. Throw this on with some dark-wash jeans and loafers, and you're good to go. 
Whenever I see anything Barefoot Dreams on sale, I buy it. The brand is known for its ultra-soft fabrics, so this robe is essentially like wearing a blanket—and who wouldn't want that during the winter? 
I probably set a record for how quickly I added this deal to my cart. I go through a bottle of dry shampoo every few weeks or so, and this formula is hands down my favorite. It actually leaves my hair feeling clean and not full of residue, so it's well worth grabbing a few bottles. 
Trust me when I say you won't find a better-smelling body lotion than this one. It has notes of creamy coconut, pistachio, and caramel. The actual formula is just as good, too, as it's fast-absorbing and hydrates like no other. 
This face serum from Squigs is an unsung hero in my skincare routine. The biphase formula gives my skin an instant boost of hydration alongside a glow that lasts. 
With the holiday party season about to be in full swing, a red lip will soon be my most-worn accessory. This find is one of my favorites thanks to its non-drying, pigmented formula. At just $12, I'm picking up another shade (or two). 
It's simply too cold to go outside without at least two layers on, so fleece-lined leggings are a must. These come in a whopping 32 colors and have plenty of pockets for essentials. 
I'm eyeing a new this find with the barn jacket trend is still going strong and on sale. It's a piece I can wear well into winter and spring. 
After seeing Jennifer Lopez, Hailey Bieber, and Kendall Jenner make Ugg outfits look chic, I'm convinced it's easier than it seems. I'm planning on wearing these with jeans and an oversized sweater and calling it a day. These on-sale UGG slippers are so, so cozy. 
After the year I've had, I deserve to treat myself to a new winter coat. This is the one I'm eyeing for its chic long length and cool built-in scarf, which is detachable!
I can never have too many pairs of white sneakers, especially when they are as comfy as these Vejas are. I especially love this pair for its subtle pop of color. 
I'm obsessed with contrast—and few things put that so beautifully on display as this chic bomber jacket from Blank NYC by Shopbop's hub on Amazon. I love how the green and cream play off one another, and the textural elements both have (The stitching! The sherpa panels!) make this a dynamic piece for any winter closet.
A good belt can really make an outfit look like, well, a real outfit. I've been notoriously anti-belt for years, but I am pleased to report that my mind has been changed, and two belts from Madewell were what convinced me of their aesthetic (and practical) value. The chunky metal details look and feel like jewelry. 
Listen: when it comes to hair anywhere on your body, do with it what you will! If you're like me and looking for that extra oomph for your skin that creams and exfoliants cannot provide, I cannot recommend Dermaflash's dermaplaning tool enough. Subtle, supple, and bright: my skin has never felt better!
When it comes to makeup, I like to keep it simple. And with sensitive skin, I like clean ingredients that aren't going to clog up my pores and make my skin look like an unhappy valley of poor dermatological mistakes. This is why I love Westman Atelier's products, and this eye kit is the dream: subtle but shimmery eyeshadows in three universally complementary shades, alongside their fantastic liner and mascara.
I love the military edge afforded to these lace-up riding boots. Adding a chic bit of hardness to an otherwise refined pair—coupled with all of the positive reviews—and I'm adding a pair of these to my closet immediately.
Sometimes you just want to feel like the coolest English professor at a small liberal arts college. Enter: this sweater. Its cable knit design, extended length, and button details are extremely appealing, as are the several different colors it comes in. 
Personally, I am an Urban Decay Naked eyeshadow acolyte. I own the OG Naked palette and use it EVERY single time I wear makeup. And now that this mini, pinky hued palette is on sale, it's going in my cart. 
This stuff just works, folks. If you've ever felt your hair is dry and/or damaged but don't have the time for a deep treatment masque, Wella's ultimate repair leave-in treatment is that girl. No matter the hair type, no matter the length, it will leave your strands feeling soft and smooth. (And it smells amazing, too!)
I will be a shacket girlie until I die: I love the versatility, the comfort, and the structure they easily provide an outfit (to say nothing of the warmth). Utility, style, warmth, and cute looks? If you're not living the shacket life like I am, what are you doing? Get one!
I'm a big fan of anything even remotely associated with bees—including the honeycomb-patterned knit on the sleeves of this sweater. I'm partial to the burgundy because of my coloring, but with many hues to choose from, you can bee your best self (sorry, pun intended) in this sweater. 
Has anybody else reading this seen The Substance? We're not saying you should take The Actual Substance (that seems painful and very bad), but we are saying that if you want to live out your Demi Moore fantasy, this coat will help you do that.
While I'm usually a "barefoot or in socks while at home" type of gal, I have to admit, I'm reconsidering that stance in favor of buying these fuzzy slipper slides. 
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Brooke Knappenberger is the Associate Commerce Editor at Marie Claire, where she specializes in crafting shopping stories—from sales content to buying guides that span every vertical on the site. She also oversees holiday coverage with an emphasis on gifting guides as well as Power Pick, our monthly column on the items that power the lives of MC’s editors. She also tackled shopping content as Marie Claire's Editorial Fellow prior to her role as Associate Commerce Editor. 
She has over three years of experience writing on fashion, beauty, and entertainment and her work has appeared on Looper, NickiSwift, The Sun US, and Vox Magazine of Columbia, Missouri. Brooke obtained her Bachelor's Degree in Journalism from the University of Missouri’s School of Journalism with an emphasis on Magazine Editing and has a minor in Textile and Apparel Management.

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


\201cI have to be Disneyland for them."


It's time for an upgrade.


Celebrities can't resist this brand's minimalist vegan leather designs.


Today's your last chance to save on chic sweaters, dresses, coats, and more.


 
Consider your cold-weather wardrobe complete with these 24 pieces.


Black Friday might be over, but these pieces are still worth shopping.


Including Kim Kardashian's best underwear designs.


A royal-approved deal this good won't stay in stock for long.


Black Friday might be over, but you can still stock up on these under-$250 picks.


Stock up on their favorite styles with a steep Black Friday discount.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.