By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Anna Faris has an idea for a sequel to 2008’s The House Bunny that would take her to the CIA.

	In a new interview, the star of the comedy directed by Fred Wolf opened up about what her character Shelley Darlingson would be up to now in a follow-up movie.

	“I always dream,” Faris told People about envisioning a sequel to the comedy 16 years later. “For a while, I was like, Shelley should be a bad country singer, and then I was thinking, no, she should be a CIA interrogator.”

	She continued, “Her skill is disarming people because she is perceived, and she is, as so open and nonjudgmental. So I was imagining Shelley saying, ‘Oh, what do I do for work? I’m a CIA interrogator.’ Let’s write a script. I would love that.”

	










			Watch on Deadline		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	Agencies
	



	
		
					Anna Camp, Stephanie Beatriz, Anna Faris & Noomi Rapace Among 10 Clients Following Bonnie Bernstein To Gersh		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Anna Faris & Rick Edwards To Host 'Love Takes A Village' Dating Show Pilot For NBC		
			







	Faris starred in The House Bunny, playing a former Playboy playmate who signs up to be the “house mother” of an unpopular sorority. The film produced by Adam Sandler’s Happy Madison Productions also starred Colin Hanks, Emma Stone, Kat Dennings, and Katherine McPhee, among many others.

	For Faris, the role of Shelley was “a life-changing role,” adding, “Fundamentally, career stuff aside, playing a character that had so much compassion and lack of judgment, a character who really led with her heart… it sounds really corny, but I think it made me feel like it was easier to make friends in a weird way.”

	Faris noted that she “loved playing a character who was not competitive with other people, and who was really wonderful. That made me want to lead my life with compliments. It felt like kind of a way to combat jealous feelings.”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.