By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:58, 25 April 2024   |  Updated:  17:50, 25 April 2024   
 77
View  comments
Kelly Clarkson - who celebrated turning 42-years-old on Wednesday - was seen in a slimming blue dress while on her daytime talk show on Thursday.
The Texas-born beauty flaunted her incredible weight loss in the elegant outfit as she added platform heels.
Last year she managed to shed 40lbs after changing her diet to include less carbs and also by power walking around her neighborhood in NYC.
Her guest for the day was Zendaya, 27, who is starring in the new movie Challengers about the competitive world of tennis. 
'We're serving LOVE today on Kelly with @zendaya and a special Broadway In 6A performance by @joynwoods from @notebookmusical with @ingridmichaelson!' read Kelly's caption.
Kelly Clarkson - who celebrated turning 42-years-old on Wednesday - was seen in a slimming blue dress while on her daytime talk show on Thursday
The Texas-born beauty flaunted her incredible weight loss in the elegant outfit as she added platform heels
Last year she managed to shed 40lbs after changing her diet to include less carbs and also by power walking around her neighborhood in NYC
During her sit-down interview, Zendaya admitted she was taken aback by how her Challengers character was 'so unapologetic and forward.'
Zendaya also said she was nervous to attend the Met Gala, which she is co-chairing with Jennifer Lopez and Bad Bunny this year.
In the latest Kellyoke, Clarkson and My Band Y'all performed a cover of the classic Get Yourself Another Fool which has been recorded by numerous iconic artists including Sam Cooke, Paul McCartney, Elvis Costello and Patty Griffin.
Also on the show, Joy Woods performed My Days From The Notebook: The Musical By Ingrid Michaelson.
And Michaelson shared how she adapted the iconic rain scene for the stage.
Then Kelly caught up with TIME Magazine's 2021 Kid of the Year Orion Jean, who is about to release his second children's book Race to Kindness.
Orion dials-in and shares how the book was inspired by his past races to collect 500 toys, 100,000 meals and 500,000 books. Orion also dishes on his latest mission, a race to 1 million acts of kindness.
Clarkson has stunned fans with her incredible weight loss last year.
Her guest for the day was Zendaya who is starring in the new movie Challengers about the competitive world of tennis; Zendaya at 5ft10in towered over Kelly who is 5ft2in
'We're serving LOVE today on Kelly with @zendaya and a special Broadway In 6A performance by @joynwoods from @notebookmusical with @ingridmichaelson!' read Kelly's caption
During her sit-down interview, Zendaya admitted she was taken aback by how her Challengers character was 'so unapologetic and forward.' Zendaya also said she was nervous to attend the Met Gala, which she is co-chairing with Jennifer Lopez 
The crooner has explained losing the weight came down to listening to her doctor about making healthier choices for her diet and also walking a lot more often in her new hometown of New York City.
It is not known how much Kelly weighed a year ago; some experts have put her weight at 200lbs.
Now she appears to be in the 120lb range.
Last year she has said she lost only 40lbs, but it looks like she may have dropped much more, like around 80lbs.
Clarkson has denied she used a weight loss drug to get thin.
In the latest Kellyoke, Clarkson and My Band Y'all performed a cover of the classic Get Yourself Another Fool
Kelly was also seen sitting in her very own audience as well
Clarkson, right, flashed some leg while chatting up Ingrid Michaelson
Earlier this year Kelly came clean about what she did to lose a drastic amount of weight this summer amid speculation from fans that she was on Ozempic. 
The pop star said in her People magazine cover story that she made two big lifestyle changes.
Firstly, the Since U Been Gone singer revealed that she decided to walk everywhere in her new home of New York City which has helped her get the exercise she needed.
Before Manhattan, she resided in Los Angeles where she drove her car everywhere, limiting her daily steps.
 Secondly, The Voice star revealed that she decided to listen to her doctor, taking on the advice to cut down on carbs and put herself on a protein heavy diet.
Clarkson looked half her weight from a year ago; seen right in 2022
She looks thinner now than she did at the 2007 Teen Choice Awards in LA
She told the publication she loves to stroll around her neighborhood and putting in the steps have been great for her waistline.
Clarkson also takes her kids River Rose, nine, and son Remington Alexander, seven - dad is her ex-husband Brandon Blackstock - with her.
'We go walk the dogs a few times at the park. We'll go for ice cream because my daughter will wear me down. We'll go make slime and we go to the museum,' she said.
'Walking in the city is quite the workout. And I'm really into infrared saunas right now. And I just got a cold plunge because everybody wore me down,' Kelly added.
And what she puts on her plate is different.
'I eat a healthy mix. I dropped weight because I've been listening to my doctor — a couple years I didn't,' explained the talk show host.
'And 90 percent of the time I'm really good at it because a protein diet is good for me anyway. I'm a Texas girl, so I like meat — sorry, vegetarians in the world!'
She looked much thinner at the start of the fall when she went back to her talk show' the set was now in NYC and not LA. At the time she said the weight change was due to 'healthier choices.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group