We didn't get our red carpet official moment
The biggest night in the fashion calendar unfolded last night (the Met Gala, duh), but sadly new IT couple Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce were absent from both the red carpet and the event in general. UGH. So why did the real life Troy and Gabriella skip this year's event?
In case you didn't know, the first Monday in May sees the most famous faces in celebsville descend upon the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York for a gala dinner. This year's theme was 'Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion', with Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, Chris Hemsworth and Bad Bunny named as this year's co-chairs.
While all eyes were on the best dressed looks from on the red carpet, fans were also gutted that Taylor Swift and boyfriend Travis Kelce didn't walk the red carpet together, and we missed an opportunity to see them all coupley together.
Apparently, both Taylor and Travis received invites to this year's party, but there were mixed reports about whether they'll be attending.
The next stop on Taylor's Eras Tour is in Paris on the 9th May - three days after the Met Gala, which means she's likely already deep in rehearsal mode - particularly if she wants to include songs from new album The Tortured Poets Department in the next leg of her tour.
Taylor has previously attended the Met Gala six times - first in 2008, and then most recently in 2016, which is reportedly where she met ex-boyfriend Joe Alwyn. However, her 'no show' at the 2024 event marks the eighth year in a row that she's decided not to turn up, seemingly meaning she's chosen to skip the Met more times than not.  
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Why Blake and Ryan are skipping the 2025 Met Gala
Is this why Tom Holland missed the Met Gala?
The best Met Gala after party fashion
Dove Cameron's Met Gala dress is a floral dream
Ayo Edebiri's floral Met Gala gown is beautiful
Rita Ora's Met Gala look is basically naked
 Anna Wintour apologises for 2024 Met Gala theme
Pam just wore makeup for the first time in months!
Tyla, Pam & more wow at their first ever Met Gala
Butt-skimming hair was *the* trend @ the Met Gala
Cara is a sparkly spaceman at the 2024 Met Gala
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.