Grotesquerie creator Ryan Murphy has shared a behind-the-scenes scoop from his time working with Travis Kelce, including what Taylor Swift advised her beau during filming.
The TV writer and producer has been a hot topic on social media following the release of his controversial Netflix series Monsters: The Lyle and Erik Menendez Story. Hot on the foot of that release, Murphy's latest project, Grotesquerie premieres on Wednesday (September 25) on FX.
Airing new episodes every week, the horror series follows a detective and a nun as they investigate unusual crimes plaguing a small community. Primetime Emmy-winning actress Niecy Nash (Dahmer) leads the cast as Detective Lois Tryon alongside Nicholas Alexander Chavez (Monsters) and NFL star Travis Kelce in an unspecified supporting role.
In an interview with E! News, Murphy spoke highly of the sportsman: "He's so charismatic and he's so smart, he's lovely. I think if Travis wants to be a big movie star he can do it. You can see in the show [that] he can act and he's talented. I think the world is his oyster."
When asked whether Swift shared any acting tips with Travis, The American Horror Story creator went on to share that the pop star is "very supportive of him [Travis]. If he has an interest, she wants him to try it." Murphy added that he has only heard "sweet and lovely things" about Taylor Swift.
Kelce's co-star Niecy Nash also sang his praises in an interview with TMZ Sports. She promised that fans will be "pleasantly surprised" by his performance. Although his acting debut is yet to face the court of public opinion, Kelce is already set to appear in Adam Sandler's Happy Gilmore 2.
Debuting on Netflix, the sequel to Sandler's 1996 comedy recently started production, with Sandler set to return to his fan-favoured titular role. Other notable stars joining Kelce include Sydney Sweeney (Euphoria) and musician Bad Bunny.
Grotesquerie premieres on September 25 on FX, with Hulu streaming episodes a day later every week
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.