Date: November 11, 2024 Location: Van Andel Arena in Grand Rapids, MI
**********
Show Recap — 
Bianca Belair, Jade Cargill and Liv Morgan with Judgment Day arrived at the building. (Carlito had his hand on Raquel Rodriguez’s shoulder but she brushed it off.) 
Gunther vs. Damian Priest for the world title was announced for Survivor Series. 
Gunther and Damian Priest confrontation 
The crowd booed Gunther as he stood in the ring. He stated, “All that matters is that I am still the World Heavyweight Champion.” He wasn’t living in the past and was looking ahead to his next challenger, Damian Priest. 
Priest entered (wearing a Bad Bunny t-shirt). Priest said it was advertised that Gunther would address him so Priest wanted to hear it in person. Priest cut Gunther’s promo for him, repeating his past claims about him being street trash and a Latino thug. 
Priest admitted he felt doubt the first time they came face-to-face. He wasn’t sure he could beat Gunther (at SummerSlam) and hated to admit that. But if it wasn’t for his former brother (Finn Bálor), he would have beaten him. 
Since SummerSlam, Gunther’s vibe as a killer has faded because he started doubting himself. That vibe faded even more after Crown Jewel because he got pinned by Cody Rhodes. (The crowd chanted for Cody.) 
Priest saw doubt in Gunther right now. The unbeatable killer was dead and Priest knew it because the old Gunther would’ve taken a swing at him by now if he was anybody else. Priest dared him to take a swing. Priest knew he wouldn’t do it because Gunther knew Priest would drop him. 
Ludwig Kaiser interrupted. Kaiser told Priest that the result of his title match against Gunther would be the same as last time. Gunther stopped Kaiser’s promo and dressed him down (off-mic). Kaiser called Priest street trash so Priest decked him and drove him out of the ring. 
It seemed like Gunther would attack Priest from behind but stopped—and took a step back—when Priest turned around and faced him. Priest was ready to fight but Gunther smirked and left the ring. Gunther and Kaiser left together. 
(So the gist here is that Gunther has lost confidence and is no longer the fearsome killer he was. Priest came across well here but hopefully Gunther isn’t presented this way much longer.)
********
Cathy Kelly interviewed Iyo Sky and Kairi Sane. They were quickly joined by the returning Dakota Kai. Kai was happy to see them but pissed at Pure Fusion Collective. They were there to remind everyone what Damage CTRL was made of. 
There was a Veterans Day video. 
Kofi Kingston thanked R-Truth for helping them a few weeks ago. He apologized for not having his back against the Final Testament when they attacked him. Kingston said Xavier Woods didn’t want him to get involved. 
Woods overheard this conversation while standing in the background and quickly interjected. Pete Dunne interjected next to confront Truth for calling him “Butch.” Kingston stood up for Truth and agreed to a match against Dunne. (Woods was about to stand up to Dunne too but was annoyed when Kingston took charge. Woods left on his own.) 
********
Six-woman tag team match: IYO SKY, Kairi Sane & Dakota Kai defeated Sonya Deville, Shayna Baszler & Zoey Stark (9:30) 
Damage CTRL had the early advantage until Baszler clotheslined Sane outside the ring behind the referee’s back. PFC (Pure Fusion Collective) had the heat during commercials and Sane made a hot tag to Kai the moment they returned from break. 
Kai hit Baszler with a running boot but Baszler avoided a second one and put Kai in a single-leg crab (on her injured leg). Sky broke it up which led to everyone trading moves. 
Baszler put Kai in the Kirifuda Clutch but Sky tagged herself in. Baszler put her in the submission as well but Kai booted Baszler. Sky followed with a moonsault for the pinfall win. The crowd popped for the moonsault and the win.
********
There was a recap of the Bloodline angle from Smackdown. 
Jey Uso and Sami Zayn were backstage and they got a big pop. Jimmy Uso showed up and was immediately antagonistic toward Zayn (for seemingly no reason). Zayn stood up for himself and Jey calmed them down. Zayn complimented Jimmy’s outfit and chain but Jimmy couldn’t find anything nice to say about Zayn’s outfit. 
Jimmy said they needed a fifth member for War Games because it was five-on-five. Zayn had a lightbulb go off and said he might know someone. Jimmy doubted that Zayn knew anybody. Zayn said he would text Jey (and was very clear he would text Jey only). Jey told Jimmy to be nice. 
(On commentary, Wade Barrett said Zayn better not be thinking about Kevin Owens.)
******** 
Priest vs. Kaiser was announced for tonight. 
Pete Dunne defeated Kofi Kingston (w/Xavier Woods) (9:04) 
The babyface shined and hit a dive before a break 90 seconds into the match but the heel was in control anyway after the break. Kingston came back with a double knee drop, dropkick, and frog splash to Dunne’s back for two. Kingston tried something off the top but Dunne caught him with a forearm. 
Kingston came right back with Trouble in Paradise but Dunne fell out of the ring. As the ref held back Kingston, Woods clotheslined Dunne. Kingston confronted Woods for that so Woods told him to focus on his objective. 
Kingston slid Dunne back into the ring and decided to continue his conversation with Woods. As Joe Tessitore noted, Kingston was giving Dunne way too much time to recover. Dunne caught Kingston with a knee strike and Bitter End for the pinfall win. 
— Woods helped Kingston walk toward the ramp but Kingston shoved him away because Woods kept saying he was right. They continued arguing as they cut to the next segment. 
********
Judgment Day were hanging out in the back. (Carlito and JD McDonagh were playing the WWE 2K24 on PS5.) Liv Morgan was excited to win the tag titles so they would have it all. An annoyed Finn Bálor stood up and said they would have it all—except the world title. He confronted Dominik about losing last week because now Priest was one win away from being champion again. 
Dom said nobody had his back last week and Bronson Reed got involved. Dom wondered where Bálor was. Bálor said he was just doing what Morgan suggested and that was focus on the tag titles. 
Dom told Bálor that he beat Priest and got closer to the world title than Bálor had in a long time. Bálor got in his face and said, “You wanna say that again, kid?” The rest of Judgment Day jumped in to calm things down and Morgan called them a family. 
Bálor agreed with Morgan that they were a family so he suggested Dom and Carlito step in for him and McDonagh to face the War Raiders next week. Dom had no problem with this and left to make the match official. 
********
Jamahal Hill was shown in the crowd. 
Bronson Reed and Seth Rollins segment 
Bronson Reed entered. He said Seth Rollins was a hell of a competitor and he proved that by getting the win at Crown Jewel. But Reed was not a competitor—he was a monster. Last week, he took out Rollins, Priest and Sheamus. He would take out anyone who stood in the way of taking down Rollins for good. He called out Rollins. 
Rollins pranced out holding a mic. He dropped the mic and ran to attack Reed but Reed decked him with a body block. Rollins fought him off but Reed superkicked him onto the announce table. Reed set up for a Tsnuami but Rollins flew off the table and tackled him. 
They continued to brawl until security separated them. A bunch of guards held back Rollins outside the ring so Reed went for a suicide dive. Rollins moved and Reed wiped out the guards instead. Pearce and other officials ran down to separate them but they continued to brawl during a commercial break. 
After the break, Rollins argued with Pearce in the back. Pearce had enough of this but Rollins demanded a rematch. Pearce was pissed but agreed to one more match. He told Rollins to end it next week. 
— Sami Zayn approached Rollins about being their partner at War Games. Zayn knew Rollins had bad blood with Roman Reigns and the Bloodline. Zayn did too but he had a family bond with them and that never went away. No matter what happened between Rollins and Reigns, they were still brothers. Zayn looked up and down the roster and said there was no one else. Rollins was their fifth man. 
Rollins told him he was out of his damn mind. (That got a good crowd reaction.) Rollins knew who Reigns really was and was shocked anybody would stand next to him—especially Zayn. Zayn had to be blind not to see that Reigns was using him again. Rollins appreciated Zayn but his answer was no. 
********
Damian Priest defeated Ludwig Kaiser (7:43) 
Priest crashed shoulder-first into the ring post and they went to break 30 seconds into the match. Priest came back with a falcon arrow after the break for two. Kaiser went back on offence momentarily but Priest hit a few strikes and a South of Heaven chokeslam for the pinfall win. The crowd was into Priest. 
— Gunther appeared on the stage. Barrett said he was pensive and nervous-looking. Gunther left. 
********
They congratulated The Rock on being named GQ’s (male) entertainer of the year and plugged his new expensive movie. 
********
They showed a clip of Sheamus and Bron Breakker wrestling to a time-limit draw on Speed. They got into a brawl after the match. (They don’t normally show clips from Speed.) 
Kelly interviewed Breakker. He said he wanted to expand his trophy case. He would be standing there with the Speed title if it wasn’t for that ugly, idiot, bonehead Sheamus. 
Sheamus appeared. He called Bron disrespectful considering he has been there 15 years while Bron has been there for 15 minutes. Sheamus said Bron reminded him of himself when he was younger. He admitted to being arrogant when he beat John Cena to become one of the fastest ever to win the world title. 
Sheamus wondered if Bron had a set big enough to put the Intercontinental title on the line. Bron said he wasn’t listening to anything Sheamus said, but if he wanted a title shot, he’s got it because he would love to beat Sheamus’ old ass. Sheamus told him to shine up the belt because he was taking it home next week. 
Jimmy Uso approached Bron after Sheamus left. Jimmy asked if he had a second to speak. Bron said yes. 
*******
Final Testament/Wyatt Sicks segment 
Final Testament found Miz backstage and Karrion Kross acted thrilled to see he was still alive. Miz said he was asking Pearce for a leave of absence. Kross said he was not doing that because Miz had given him no information about the Wyatts. 
Miz said this was bigger than them. He had to think about his family. He settled his business with the Wyatts. He apologized and promised that he had changed his way, so they let him go. Miz was a better man now. 
Kross was pissed because the Wyatts took out Paul Ellering, who was his family. Kross reminded Miz that he said they would break his legs. AOP grabbed Miz and they dragged him out in front of the crowd. Kross didn’t believe Miz’s story and demanded to know where the Wyatts were. 
The lights went down and the Wyatt Sicks appeared. The Wyatts faced off with Final Testament until Miz attacked Erick Rowan with a chair. It was a setup. Final Testament and Miz worked together and they laid out the Wyatts. (Scarlett took out Nikki Cross). Miz and Kross hugged. The crowd told Miz that he sucked. 
Miz left with Final Testament as Uncle Howdy/Bo Dallas began laughing at them. 
********
Kelly approached Rollins for an interview as he left but he turned his attention to Solo Sikoa and Jacob Fatu in the parking lot. (Tama Tonga and Tonga Loa were in their SUV.) Sikoa said they both hated Roman Reigns so they should join forces and take him out. Rollins laughed. 
Rollins planned on stomping Reigns’ head into the ground the next time they were in the same ring. Sikoa liked the sounds of that until Rollins said he would never join forces with a wannabe Roman Reigns. (The crowd popped for that.) Fatu got in Rollins’ face but Sikoa held him back. Rollins left. 
********
Next week on Raw (being taped tonight): 
********
Bianca Belair & Jade Cargill defeated Raquel Rodriguez & Women’s World Champion Liv Morgan to retain the Women’s Tag Team Championships (7:28) 
Belair almost hit Cargill by mistake and the miscommunication allowed the heels to take control. After a break, Rodriguez and Cargill knocked each other down with simultaneous big boots. 
Smackdown’s Nia Jax and Tiffany Stratton ran out. Stratton distracted the ref while Jax gave Cargill a Samoan drop onto the ring apron. Rodriguez followed with an elbow drop but Belair broke up the cover. 
Smackdown’s Naomi ran down to take out Stratton and Jax. Morgan gave Naomi a backstabber. Cargill booted Morgan out of mid-air and knocked Rodriguez off the apron. Belair gave Morgan a KOD for the pinfall win. (So Belair pinned the women’s champion.) 
— Jax attacked the champs post-match but Iyo Sky ran down to make the save with a springboard dropkick. She also knocked out Stratton. Belair and Cargill knocked Rodriguez out of the ring. Sky, Naomi, Belair and Cargill worked together to take out Jax. The four babyfaces stood tall as the show ended.
WWE Raw and PLE recapper/reviewer. Contributed to WrestlingObserver.com as the SmackDown reviewer in the 2000s before turning to WONF4W in 2015.
© 2025 Figure Four Weekly. All Rights Reserved.