Jennifer Lopez said she's letting us into her personal life for the first time with her Amazon Prime documentary, The Greatest Love Story Ever Told.
The documentary focuses on taking the viewer behind the scenes of J.Lo's semi-autobiographical movie This Is Me...Now: A Love Story, coinciding with her new album This Is Me...Now. Jennifer's "greatest love story" is her relationship with Ben Affleck. The two dated and were engaged in the early 2000s, and then reconnected twenty years later and got married.
This album is a sequel to her 2002 album This Is Me...Then, which was also inspired by her relationship with Ben. Here are the biggest takeaways from her documentary:
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Ben Affleck reveals nickname J.Lo's friends gave him after she shared secret love letters with them
Ben recounted to the camera the time his wife told him that his letters were an integral part of the creative process. "I went down there and my book I had given her was down there," he said.
Jennifer told him: "'This is the kind of inspiration, I've been showing them the book.'" He continued: "I was like, 'You've been showing all the musicians all those letters?"'
"And they were like "yeah we call you Pen Affleck," Ben said as he put his head in his hands.
Ben and J.Lo are reading over the script when the singer says the main character is 28 years old. "Technically you weren't 28," Her husband pointed out.
"But you were," Jennifer said, noting the three-year age difference between the couple. "That's why you weren't as smart as me."
Ben teased her: "I love that you want to play younger even in the autobiographical."
While talking with her team, J.Lo asked if anyone responded to offers to be in the film. Celebrities that either said no or were unavailable included Taylor Swift, Jason Momoa, Jennifer Coolidge, Vanessa Hudgens, Ariana Grande, Snoop Dogg, Bad Bunny, Khloe Kardashian, and Lizzo.
Eventually, cameos were made by famous faces like Post Malone, Jane Fonda, Sofia Vergara, Kim Petras, Fat Joe, and more.
The In The Heights actor was originally slated to play one of J.Lo's love interests but backed out because of his friendship with Marc Anthony, Jennifer's ex-husband who she shares two children with.
"I didn't know that," Jennifer said on the phone with Anthony about the friendship. Anthony felt like he was playing his friend in the film and didn't want a possible negative portrayal.
Jennifer tried to explain that it wasn't "one specific relationship" that he would be portraying. "I'm not even playing myself," she said, insisting the film was meta.
Jane Fonda told Benny Medina, J.Lo's manager: "I believe everyone in the entire world is pulling for this relationship and this love." Later, Jennifer was on the phone with the actress, who couldn't stop gushing about the couple.
"I don't know why but I feel really invested in you and Ben," she said on the phone. Jane made a cameo in the film as one of the zodiac signs, Sagittarius.
Jennifer talked about her first relationship with Ben which lasted from 2002 to 2004. The two were engaged and Jen admitted that they broke up three days before the wedding.
The wedding party was huge, apparently containing 14 groomsmen according to Jenny from the Block. She described it as losing "the best friend I ever had."
While recounting her childhood, Jennifer said: "My mom was. a narcissist, centre of attention, life of the party type of person. I got very used to being around people like that."
She added that she felt neglected by her father because he worked at night and slept all day. Jennifer also pointed out she was the middle child and she felt like she had to strive to be better.
Ben spoke to the camera about Jennifer's need for love and in doing so, he used a metaphor of alcohol to explain it. "The thing you discover, like you do with alcohol, is that there isn't enough alcohol in all the liquor stores in the world to fill up that thing and in Jennifer's case I don't think there's enough followers or records or any of that stuff to still that part of you that still feels a longing and a pain," he said.
The actor has previously struggled with alcohol addiction and opened up about it in the past.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.