By CYDNEY YEATES FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:34, 30 December 2024   |  Updated:  20:34, 30 December 2024   
 74
View  comments
Bob Dylan and Joan Baez's short but transformative relationship has been put under the radar in his newly released biopic A Complete Unknown.
The former lovers - who are portrayed by Timothée Chalamet and Monica Barbaro in James Mangold's film, which hit cinemas on Christmas Day - were in a relationship from 1963 to 1965.
Baez was a well-established recording artist by the time she first met the then-unknown 'urban hillbilly' in Greenwich Village in April 1961, but she soon began inviting him onstage to perform with her at her concerts.
They both performed at the 1963 March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom event, where Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his iconic I Have a Dream speech.
The pair continued to spend time together in Bearsville, New York, a hamlet in the upstate town of Woodstock in the summer of 1964.
He was working on what would be his fourth album at the time, Another Side of Dylan, which prophetically featured the song, It Ain't Me Babe.
Baez and Dylan's relationship ended painfully during his British tour in 1965, however, when he invited her to come on the road but refused to allow her on stage.
'I just sort of trotted around, wondering why Bob wouldn't invite me onstage, feeling very sorry for myself, getting very neurotic and not having the brains to leave and go home,' she later told Rolling Stone. 
Bob Dylan and Joan Baez's short but transformative relationship has been put under the radar in his newly released biopic A Complete Unknown 
The former lovers were in a relationship from 1963 to 1965 
'That would be the best way to describe that tour. It was sort of just wasted time.'
Dylan went on to walk down the aisle with Playboy Bunny Sara Lownds in late 1965.
Dylan and Baez are portrayed by Timothée Chalamet and Monica Barbaro in James Mangold's film, which hit cinemas on Christmas Day
In his 2015 posthumous memoir, Another Side of Bob Dylan: A Personal History on the Road and off the Tracks, Dylan's former tour manager Victor Maymudes quizzed him on why he married Lownds and not Baez.
'Because Sara will be home when I want her to be home, she'll be there when I want her to be there, she'll do it when I want her to do it. Joan won't be there when I want her. She won't do it when I want to do it,' Dylan told him.
'Bob didn't want to compete with her,' Maymudes said.
'If Bob was a king, Joan was a queen, and Bob didn't want a queen. He wanted something simpler.'
In her 2023 documentary Joan Baez I Am A Noise, Baez revealed that Dylan broke her heart so bad in 1965 following their whirlwind three-year romance that she described it as 'shattering.'
'We were in our early 20s,' she said. 'We were stupid, and you can't blame somebody forever. I certainly tried but finally stopped.'
They both performed at the 1963 March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom event, where Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his iconic I Have a Dream speech 
They split in 1965 and Dylan went on to walk down the aisle with Playboy Bunny Sara Lownds (seen in 1969) later that year
Speaking about their split, Baez added: 'Dylan and I couldn't figure out how we felt about each other.
'The other problem was that I was the only one who wasn't doing drugs. I was on the outside. 
'Even if I tried to be cool and hang out with everybody, which I did, I wasn't comfortable.'
Dylan has also spoken about their breakup, once stating in a documentary, 'I was just trying to deal with the madness that had become my career, and unfortunately she got swept along, and I felt very bad about it.' 
And the former lovers didn't keep in touch, as Baez revealed in 2018 that she hadn't talked to Dylan in 25 years.
She told DailyMail.com, however, that 'whatever went on between them was totally healed.'
'There's still a bond, and that's enough for me. The fact that I'm linked with him for ever in some people's perspectives – well, there could be worse things,' she said at the time.
'I'm smart enough to know that I never understood him, and never will.
Dylan, now 83, married twice and is the father of six children 
Baez's only marriage ended in divorce in 1973. She and her ex husband share one son
'I probably came closer than a lot of people but in the end, no, I don't understand any of it.' She has a theory, though, on his ability to retain a mystique.'
Despite the heartache, Baez sang about Dylan in one of her greatest songs, Diamonds And Rust.
The track included the lyrics: 'Your eyes were bluer than a robin's egg / My poetry was lousy, you said.'
Fans have also long speculated that Baez influenced some of Dylan's most iconic tracks, including the 1965 song Like a Rolling Stone and the 1966 hit Visions of Johanna.
He has never confirmed those theories.
Baez married only once, to journalist and activist David Harris, who is the father of her son, Gabriel. Their relationship ended in an amicable divorce in 1973.
In the early '80s she dated Apple founder Steve Jobs, then in his mid-20s and already a multi-millionaire.
Dylan has been married twice. First to Lownds, with whom he shares four children: Jesse (born January 6, 1966), Anna Lea (born July 11, 1967), Samuel (born July 30, 1968), and Jakob (born December 9, 1969).
He also adopted Lownds' daughter Maria from a prior marriage; they split in 1977 after 11 years of marriage.
Dylan then married Carolyn Dennis in 1986 but divorced her in 1992. They share daughter Desiree, born on January 31, 1986.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group