Oh, I guess now the election is over, CBS can admit college students are terrified.
For many students, Athens, Georgia, no longer feels like the safe haven they once thought it was, after the killing of Laken Riley. https://t.co/UTplggH5iU
Just two blocks from the University of Georgia campus, in a downtown courtroom in Athens, Georgia, a judge on Wednesday found Jose Ibarra guilty of murder in the death of 22-year-old Laken Riley, a former UGA student who transferred to the nursing program at Augusta University's Athens campus. 
In late February, Riley was attacked during her morning jog on a trail near the University of Georgia's intramural fields. As the investigation and trial unfolded, members of the Athens community grappled with a shaken sense of security.
"Just because we're on campus doesn't mean, necessarily, that the bad parts of the world can't get in," said Allison Mawn, a fourth-year student. "She did everything right. She told friends where she was going, she went on a popular trail during the day. She had her tracking location on. She even managed to call for help, and still it wasn't enough."
The case was thrust into the national spotlight when authorities arrested Ibarra, an undocumented Venezuelan immigrant who entered the country two years ago, and charged him with murdering Riley. In the midst of the election cycle, her death quickly became a flashpoint in the immigration debate, with former President Donald Trump and his supporters raising it at rallies and President Biden responding to heckling about it in his State of the Union address.
"In an instant, all the eyes across the country are on us," said Mawn. "Now you can't say the name Laken Riley without thinking about undocumented immigrants and illegal immigration."
From the files of now it can be told https://t.co/Jwi4T0lNSb
Oh...now they want to report on these issues. https://t.co/LpQMRzy57E
https://t.co/SgPH5VtoGB pic.twitter.com/3LAawSuu4j
Glad they have finally caught up with the rest of normal society in that conclusion. 
Brought to you by the @TheDemocrats party. https://t.co/udX9sBLnmZ
Probably felt like that before the election, but, you know. https://t.co/NA6nLglR5v
Yes, the Corporate Media served as an arm of the DNC up until the election.
Now that it’s post election mainstream news acknowledges the mood that’s been happening for months, nay years https://t.co/5uF2x404kY
But the Border Czar isn’t giving out apologies, she’s drowning her sorrows in liquor at the moment. https://t.co/u73RzoUo0q
Well, now Kamala is in Hawaii. Yes, she is vacationing while Laken's family mourns her memory in a courtroom as her illegal alien killer is sentenced. It feels very unfair.

                            Copyright Twitchy.com/Salem Media. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you.