Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The actor-singer also described Republican candidate Donald Trump as someone "who has constantly worked to divide us" ahead of election day.

							By 

	Lily Ford


Jennifer Lopez has denounced former president Donald Trump following comedian Tony Hinchcliffe’s remark about Puerto at the Republican’s Madison Square Garden rally.

	The actor-singer endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris and referenced the comment made by Hinchcliffe where he stood at the podium and described Puerto Rico as “a floating island of garbage”. The jibe drew criticism from across the country, including from stars such as Bad Bunny, Ricky Martin, Aubrey Plaza, Nicky Jam, who later retracted his vote for Trump.



	At a Las Vegas rally for Harris on Thursday, J-Lo delivered a lengthy 15-minute takedown of Trump: “At Madison Square Garden, he reminded us who he really is and how he really feels,” she said. “It wasn’t just Puerto Ricans that were offended that day. It was every Latino in this country. It was humanity and anyone of decent character.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					The Stars of 'White Lotus,' 'Yellowjackets' and 'Star Trek: Discovery' Just Barnstormed Congress in the Name of Arts Funding		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					PBS President Says Trump's Executive Order to End Funding Is "Blatantly Unlawful"		
			








	She continued: “I am Puerto Rican, and yes, I was born here, and we are Americans. I am a mother. I am a sister. I am an actor and an entertainer. And I like Hollywood endings. I like when the good guy — and in this case, the good girl — wins.” She added: “You can’t spell American without Rican.”

	Lopez went on to discuss some of Harris’ policies that define the Democrat’s character, including extending the child tax credit: “It’s about helping you get ahead. It’s about you and you and you and you and you. It’s about us. All of us. No matter what we look like, who we love or who we worship or where we’re from.”

	As the audience cheered while she criticized Trump, Lopez said: “Her opponent, on the other hand, doesn’t see it that way. He has consistently worked to divide us.”

	Harris and Trump are locked in a dead heat in the polls ahead of the Nov. 5 election. Puerto Rico is a U.S. territory, and Puerto Ricans make up around 1.78 percent of the entire population.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.