When you purchase through links in our articles, we may earn a small commission. This doesn't affect our editorial independence.
If you’re an Apple Music fan, love lists, and like reading short blurbs about all-time great records, your new favorite book has arrived. If you have $450 to burn that is.
Apple Music has announced that it has partnered with nice lifestyle bookmaker Assouline to turn its list of the 100 Best Albums into an ornate coffee table book. Though at a price tag nearly as high as a new iPad mini, you probably want to make sure a cup of coffee never gets anywhere near it.
According to Assouline’s description, “Every book comes in a custom-designed translucent acrylic slipcase etched with the Apple Music logo, while the linen hardcover is debossed with the same logo to perfectly line up behind the etching. The back of the case is engraved with the edition number, and inside the book there is a hand-numbered ex libris to further highlight the limited nature of this release. The edges of the book’s pages are gilded with a sparkling gold that mirrors the title on the spine.”
Bad Bunny’s album, Un Verano Sin Ti, is ranked 76 on Apple’s list.
Assouline/Apple
Inside all that is Apple Music’s controversial list of the top 100 albums, which was released earlier this year. The top 10, which was heavily debated at the top of its release, includes the following records:
Apple says the list was “assembled with the help of artists and experts, it’s a modern love letter to the records that have shaped the world we live and listen in today.” Each entry includes a photo of the album cover as well as “Apple Music’s beloved liner notes, in-depth analysis that brilliantly captures the significance of the album, both to the artists and to the art of music itself.” There is also a foreword by DJ and Apple Music 1 Creative Director Zane Lowe.
You can preorder the 208-page book on Assouline’s website for delivery on or around November 25. All orders receive free shipping and a complimentary Assouline signature tote bag and white handling gloves.
Michael Simon has been covering Apple for more than 20 years. He started covering rumors with Spymac when the iPod was the iWalk, and has owned nearly every iPhone Apple has ever made. He lives in Connecticut with his wife, son, and far too many gadgets.
Macworld Sweden
Macwelt Germany
Subscribe to the Macworld Digital Magazine
Digital Magazine Info
Newsletter
Follow us on WhatsApp