ByAlexandra York
andZoya Hasan
ByAlexandra York,
 Forbes Staff 
andZoya Hasan,
 Forbes Staff. 
Think this is nice? It’s a version of the weekly Under 30 newsletter and would be even better in your inbox.
Blake Resnick founded Brinc in 2018.
Blake Resnick was 18 years old when he founded Brinc, a startup that manufactures and sells drones that let first responders get eyes and ears in places that are typically too dangerous for an officer to enter. It’s raised some $82 million and is valued at more than $300 million.
On Thursday, the 2022 Under 30 Social Impact company announced it launched a drone that can connect to the 911 calling system, picking up on the coordinates of the call to provide live footage of the scene to responders in 70 seconds (or less) and also transport any necessary aid, like an epipen or narcan. Four cities, including Hawthrone, California and Schenectady, New York, are contracted to start using the drones immediately and Resnick says he’s in talks with another 150 cities.
Despite the startup’s upward trajectory, going from his parent’s dining room to offices in Seattle with 110 employees wasn’t an easy feat. Although Resnick secured a Thiel Fellowship—billionaire Peter Thiel’s program that awards young entrepreneurs $100,000—he says he struggled to convince other investors to bet on his idea.
After several failed raises over the course of two years, a friend suggested he meet with a TikTok influencer manager who was looking to invest in tech (Resnick did not share names). While the manager didn’t end up investing, he happened to invite a few more people to his Zoom call with Resnick—one of whom claimed to be the ex-boyfriend of OpenAI’s Sam Altman.
Before Resnick knew it, Altman had written him a $2 million check and tapped his friend, Scale AI’s Alexandr Wang, to pitch in another $200,000. Then followed a $25 million Series A and a $55 million Series B from firms like Index Ventures and Next Play Ventures.
“Having Sam and Alex involved just made me and the company much more credible,” Resnick, now 24, says. “There will be moments where you think you're done, the company won't be successful, but it's extraordinary how you can get yourself out of those situations if you just have the persistence.”
Resnick has always been a manufacturing nerd, he likes to say, with internships at McLaren Automotive, Tesla and DJI, the multi-billion dollar drone seller based out of China. It was in 2017, after the mass shooting in Las Vegas, where Resnick lives, that he decided to put his talents towards public safety.
He scored himself a meeting with the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, who helped Resnick refine and retool his first drone and became his first customer. “I looked up the phone number of Vegas Metro SWAT and called them. Surprisingly, they agreed to meet with 18-year-old me,” he recalls.
His first drone has less capability than the latest model—it’s remote controlled and made to be small enough to peep through windows and closets where responders may not always have eyes. Resnick declined to publicly disclose revenue, but claims the company has 500 active contracts between all of its products.
“Peter Thiel talks a lot about this idea of taking a really small market, totally dominating that market and then moving to larger and larger adjacent markets from a position of strength,” he says. “We're following that strategy.”
Talk soon,
Alex & Zoya
P.S. Have you dreamed of being named to the 30 Under 30 list? Do you know someone who would be a great fit? We are currently sourcing the next class of listers. Apply here for the 30 Under 30 2025 U.S. and Canada list. As a reminder, we’re looking for those of you 29 or younger (as of December, 31, 2024), who are innovating in your respective industries. That means everyone from AI founders, food & drink professionals, social media stars and beyond. (Our full list of 2025 categories can be found here.) Apply today!
Join us from September 22-25 in Cincinnati, Ohio for our annual Forbes 30 Under 30 Summit. We’ll bring you a roster of A-list founders, investors and performers—and of course, priceless opportunities to network with accomplished Under 30 listers and mentors. Last year’s line-up included Kendall Jenner, Bad Bunny, Halsey, Rainn Wilson and more. Snag tickets before June 1 to get an early access rate of 85% off here.
ILLUSTRATION BY STEPHANIE JONES FOR FORBES; PHOTO BY MANUEL VELASQUEZ/GETTY IMAGE; OCTAVIO PASSOS/GETTY IMAGE; ALLEN BEREZOVSKY/GETTY IMAGE; CHUNG SUNG-JUN/GETTY IMAGE; SARAH STIER/GETTY IMAGE
Last week Forbes unveiled the highest-paid athletes list. For the first time ever, ten stars earned more than $100 million each, with Cristiano Ronaldo claiming the top spot once again at $260 million. This year, the NBA has the most players on the list of any sport at 19, while the NFL has 11 and global soccer comes in third with eight. Despite the past few months being major for women’s sports, there were no women on the list of the 50 highest earners. See the top 10 here.
-This week, Nanopath, a diagnostic-testing company founded by 2023 Healthcare lister Alison Burklund, announced being awarded $4 million in federal funding. The grants came from the National Institutes of Health and the National Science Foundation. This brings the company’s total funding to $15 million—$4 million in grants and $11 million in venture funding.
-Whitney Wolfe Herd’s unicorn dating app Bumble acquired Geneva, an app focused on creating communities and clubs, this week. The purchase comes just five months after Herd stepped down from her role as CEO and Lidiane Jones stepped in.
-Brunch, a slippers company run by 2020 Retail & Ecommece lister Joshua Sitt (who made the list for his work as a cofounder of leisurewear company Madhappy) and his brother Daniel, will open their brick and mortar location in the Hamptons this weekend. This new spot comes after successful long-term pop-up locations in both New York City and Aspen, the company says.
-TikTok is the latest company to undergo layoffs, according to a new report from employees. This time, the company specifically focused on cutting back its operations, content, and marketing departments. (Business Insider)
-Gen Z has been known for their activism around the climate—those from world-renowned 2020 Social Enterprise lister and climate activist Greta Thunberg to 2024 Science lister Luna Yu (who turns bacteria into earth-friendly plastics) have voiced the importance of the movement. Now, some Gen Z employees are quitting jobs that are not eco friendly according to a new report that says 45% of young workers have left or plan to leave a job over climate concerns. (Fortune) 
-Meanwhile, Gen Z and other American consumers also can’t seem to stop shopping on sites that are harming the planet. Take Temu and Shein, for instance, which ship the equivalent of 88 Boeing 777 freighters of cargo worldwide every day. Not only are the countless shipments taking up airspace, but they have resulted in a boom in global sea routes. (Forbes)