Brook Power was named Playboy’s Playmate of the Year in 2017. Armed with hindsight and retrospection, Brook chats about her professional journey from childhood to present. Along the way, she produced some of Playboy’s most fabulous shoots, including one at the eclectic Madonna Inn.
Playboy: What is your origin story with Playboy?
Brook Power: I think I remember on my first Playboy shoot, the art director said that he saw me surfing Malibu and found out who I was and what agency I was with.
Playboy: What was the theme and vibe of your shoot?
Brook Power: My first Playboy shoot was for May Playmate and we shot at this cute dome house in Topanga. A really badass older woman owned the property and I remember I really enjoyed her stories and wisdom. For my Playmate of the Year shoot, we shot at the Playboy Mansion. It was right after I had my first baby, so I was a little self conscious about my postpartum body but it came out cool with a 70’s vibe. Another Playboy shoot was shot at Malibou Lake, another at the Madonna Inn, another at my horse ranch in Malibu and another in Venice Beach—I can’t remember all of them.
Playboy: Did you become close friends with other Playmates?
Brook Power: I was already friends with a lot of the girls who shot Playboy during my era from modeling. I still work with quite a few of them on modeling jobs.
Playboy: Have you ever worn the official bunny costume?
Brook Power: No, I haven’t. They told me they were giving me one after I became “Playmate of the Year” but sadly, no one ever sent it.
Playboy: What is your career outside of being a playmate?
Brook Power: I’ve been modeling since I was very young. It’s a great job with a lot of travel and a lot of hustle. I meet so many cool people and mix all of my hobbies with my work. I do horse related jobs, surf jobs, hiking/outdoorsy jobs and I love it. It helped me support my family since I was a kid and not many jobs can provide that. I’m very grateful for it.
Playboy: What is your passion?
Brook Power: Living as much of life as I can, exploring nature, my horses, my babies, my home of Hawaii and the ocean, and just representing free women and mothers. I am living this life as my art form.
Playboy: What does being a Playmate mean to you?
Brook Power: It meant that I gained a larger platform to share my experiences of being a free woman in modern society—the good and the bad.