PHILADELPHIA — When Councilwoman Quetcy Lozada welcomed Vice President Kamala Harris on Sunday to her local Puerto Rican community in North Philadelphia, she still had some lingering reservations about the Democrat’s level of support in the local Latino community.
Then Donald Trump held a rally in New York and a comedian opening for him referred to Puerto Rico as “floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean.”
“Anything I was concerned about before is now no longer an issue for me,” Lozada said in a Monday interview. “Last night took care of all of the things that we were concerned about.”
While Democrats have traditionally had stronger support from Latino and Hispanic voters than their Republican counterparts, Trump has seemed to make inroads with the demographic in polling, threatening a key base that Harris likely needs to best the former president in the election. That’s one of the reasons she spent part of her Sunday swing through Philadelphia visiting a local Puerto Rican restaurant and released social media videos about her vision for the island US territory. There are nearly 500,000 Puerto Ricans living in Pennsylvania.
But those close to the Puerto Rican community here say it was the juxtaposition of that outreach, with the inflammatory remarks at Trump’s rally, that could prove even more consequential than Harris’s plans.
Advertisement
“We’re going to kick his ass,” Lozada said. “People are insulted. People are angry. People are hurt. People are in disbelief that someone that is asking them to vote for him would allow such behavior on a national platform.”
Advertisement
Trump has long used inflammatory rhetoric toward Hispanic and Latino Americans. When he was president, Trump drew the ire of many in the Puerto Rican community with his handling of Hurricane Maria, which devastated the island in 2017, and his delays in getting aid to the territory. He had nonetheless won some voters back with his economic message and the passing of time.
But there was some evidence that the comments on Sunday, delivered by comedian Tony Hinchcliffe during an opening act at the Madison Square Garden rally that also denigrated Jewish and Black Americans, were breaking through.
Kenny Perez, 32, is a Philly resident who works at Freddy and Tony’s, the Puerto Rican restaurant Harris visited on Sunday. He missed her visit but said he’s planning to vote for Harris after not voting in past elections. This is the first time, he said, he’s felt like it’s worth it. Perez said he hopes she will make history as the first woman president and will follow through on her pledges to help Latinos.
He wasn’t considering Trump beforehand, but said he immediately saw the rally remarks while scrolling on TikTok Sunday night. He was aware that Trump had been endorsed by Puerto Rican artists Anuel AA and Justin Quiles, but felt allowing the comedian remarks under his banner would undermine that support.
“I was like, this guy is crazy,” Perez said. “I couldn’t believe it, because how you going to say something like that in a Trump rally in New York? Like, that’s a no go. I believe it will lower his votes for Hispanics.”
The Trump campaign told The Associated Press that the joke didn’t reflect his or the campaign’s views. His running mate, Senator JD Vance of Ohio, said at a Wisconsin rally that he hadn’t seen the joke, and “maybe it’s a stupid racist joke . . . maybe it’s not.”
Advertisement
“I’m not going to comment on the specifics of the joke, but I think that we have to stop getting so offended at every little thing in the United States of America,” Vance concluded.
A Republican strategist who formerly worked on Hispanic outreach for Trump also downplayed the idea that the comments would make a difference.
“I don’t think a botched stand-up comedy act moves the needle,” Giancarlo Sopo wrote on X. “Hispanics are way more offended by grocery prices, and our culture is just not PC.”
After Trump’s remarks, Bad Bunny, a Puerto Rican music superstar, shared a video from Kamala Harris speaking about her plans for the island and community to his 45 million followers, as did other Puerto Rican artists with large followings.
Organizers say they believe the comments and backlash to them have had immediate impact, especially so close to the election.
“I think we’re going to find that yesterday will be a pivotal day in the campaign,” said former Illinois representative Luis Gutierrez, a Democrat who has been canvassing Latino voters in Pennsylvania for months with outside groups and is also a Harris campaign supporter. “So this is a gift that’s going to keep on giving through Election Day, because young people are going to say, ‘I’m going to do something,’ which is going to be my message [in response], ‘Do something.’”
Karen Rodriguez, a local activist who founded the group The People for Puerto Rico, said she has encountered Latinos in Pennsylvania who are intrigued by Trump or not interested in voting at all. She says many are facing serious economic hardship and concerns about security and safety in their neighborhoods, and some believe Trump personally sent out the stimulus checks he appended his signature to during the pandemic that were actually passed by Congress. But she said the rally comments have reverberated among everyone she knows.
Advertisement
“I can’t even put into words how offended I am,” Rodriguez said. “I’m not the only one. . . . That comment dropped like a bomb, and the knee jerk from the Puerto Rican diaspora was immediate, and it was intense.”
The reaction wasn’t confined to Philadelphia.
Miguel Fuentes, 74, owner of San Juan Market in the South End, said Hinchcliffe’s remarks weren’t surprising given Trump’s previous discriminatory comments against people of color.
“He’s speaking what Trump thinks about us,” Fuentes, who was born in Puerto Rico and left to attend college in Boston, said as he packed bags of chips onto shelves.
Massachusetts state Senator Adam Gomez, who in 2020 became the first Puerto Rican elected to the Massachusetts Senate, called Hinchcliffe’s comments “inflammatory,” “racist,” and “an assault on all Latino people.”
But there was also evidence on Monday that not everyone blamed Trump for the comments.
Stopping at Freddy and Tony’s for some food, Philadelphia resident Venus Elias, 41, said she’s long been a Trump supporter because she believes he helps low-income and disadvantaged Americans. She said she was in Puerto Rico during Hurricane Maria and credits Trump with getting the island help. She said she doesn’t follow the news closely, but believes Harris “came out of nowhere” to speak in her neighborhood and hasn’t done anything as vice president. She brushed off the words of a comedian that didn’t come directly from the former president when they were recounted to her.
Advertisement
“That was probably someone putting words in his mouth like always, people don’t like him,” Elias said. “I don’t believe he would say something like that because when I was in Puerto Rico, he helped.”
Correspondent Rachel Umansky-Castro and Samantha J. Gross of the Globe staff contributed to this report.
Tal Kopan can be reached at tal.kopan@globe.com. Follow her @talkopan.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information