On the heels of Jake Paul defeating Mike Tyson in an eight-round boxing match last week, WWE is reportedly kicking the tires on the idea of Tyson and Paul's brother working together in the pro wrestling realm.
According to WrestleVotes (h/t Steve Carrier of Ringside News), a source confirmed there is "interest" on WWE's part to potentially make a match happen between Tyson and Logan Paul at WrestleMania 41 in Las Vegas this coming April.
After Jake Paul beat the 58-year-old Tyson by unanimous decision in a highly anticipated fight that streamed live on Netflix, Tyson was asked if he might step inside the ring again at some point.
Tyson mentioned possibly fighting Logan, to which Logan replied, "Motherf--ker, I'd kill you, Mike."
While the Tyson vs. Jake Paul fight was largely a disappointment since Tyson clearly didn't have much gas left in the tank beyond the first two rounds in his first official professional boxing match since 2005, there is reason to believe WWE could get a much better result out of him.
WWE is no stranger to having celebrities compete at WrestleMania, and doing so has been a massive success on many occasions.
It started with Mr. T in the main event of the first WrestleMania and evolved to boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr. at WrestleMania 24 and more recently, musician Bad Bunny at WrestleMania 37, and Logan Paul at WrestleMania 38.
Paul's first WWE match went so well that he signed a contract and became a legitimate wrestler, even holding the United States Championship for several months.
While Tyson has never competed in a wrestling match, he is no stranger to the wrestling business. In addition to being a longtime wrestling fan, the former world heavyweight boxing champion was part of one of the biggest angles in pro wrestling history.
In 1998, Tyson got involved in the WWE Championship feud between "Stone Cold" Steve Austin and Shawn Michaels leading up to WrestleMania 14. While he initially sided with Michaels and D-Generation X, Tyson ultimately helped Austin by counting the winning pinfall at WrestleMania.
Tyson's involvement was massive for WWE in terms of surpassing WCW and ultimately winning the Monday Night War, so it wouldn't be a surprise if WWE wanted to utilize him again.
WWE would already have a tailor-made storyline in place for Tyson vs. Logan Paul, and given how much interest the Tyson vs. Jake Paul boxing match generated, it is fair to assume that WWE could draw some new eyes to its product by building on that spectacle.
Listen to Ring Rust Radio for all of the hot wrestling topics. Catch the latest episode in the player below.