By Peter White 
Executive Editor, Television

EXCLUSIVE: Chris Van Dusen, creator of Netflix’s Bridgerton, has found his next project.

	Van Dusen is developing a TV adaptation of Elle Kennedy’s book Girl Abroad with A24 and Pacesetter Productions.

	It comes after the team landed the rights after a four-way bidding war.

	The book, which was published by Little Brown in February, follows the daughter of a retired rock star who finds herself entangled in scandal and romance after she starts studying abroad in London.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	Casting
	



	
		
					Antonio Banderas Joins Dominic Sessa In Anthony Bourdain Pic 'Tony' From A24, Star Thrower And Zapruder Films		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Spike Lee Cast A$AP Rocky In 'Highest 2 Lowest' After Seeing A Meme		
			







	When nineteen-year-old Abbey Bly gets the opportunity to study abroad for a year in London, it’s the perfect chance to finally slip out from under the thumb of her beloved but overbearing retired rock star father. She’s ready to be free, to discover herself―but first off, to meet the girls she’s rooming with. That is, until she arrives at her gorgeous new flat to discover those roommates are actually all boys. Charming, funny, insufferably attractive boys. And off-limits, with a rule against fraternizing between housemates after unwanted drama with the previous girl.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	Abbey has never considered herself a rulebreaker. But soon, she’s lying to her father about her living situation and falling for not one, but two men she can’t have: her rugby-player roommate and a broody musician with a girlfriend. Not to mention, her research for school has gotten her tangled in a deeply hidden scandal of a high nobility family, surrounding her in secrets on all sides. If there’s any hope of Abbey finding love, answers, or a future in London, she’ll have to decide which rules―and hearts―might be worth breaking.

	Van Dusen will executive produce through his CVD Productions and serve as showrunner. A24 will produce with Pacesetter Production’s Jessica Rhoades and Alison Mo Massey. It forms part of A24’s first-look deal with Rhoades and Pacesetter. Kennedy will also exec produce.

	It is Van Dusen’s latest project since creating the hit Netflix period drama. Last year, he sold a series adaptation of They Both Die At The End, exec produced with Bad Bunny, to Netflix.

	Van Dusen is repped by Literate Management and The Nord Group. Kennedy is repped by IAG and Kimberly Brower of Brower Literary & Management for publishing. Pacesetter is repped by UTA and attorney Adam G. Cooper at Jackaway Austin.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.