By NIKKI MAIN SCIENCE REPORTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:26, 6 March 2024   |  Updated:  12:35, 7 March 2024   
 131
View  comments
From expensive watches to snakeskin handbags, celebrities are known for their obsession with luxury items. But this year's flavor of the month seems to be Elon Musk's Tesla Cybertruck.
Renowned tennis player Serena Williams, filmmaker Spike Lee, Kim Kardashian, Hayley and Justin Bieber and rapper Bad Bunny are among the many celebrities who own the $100,000 futuristic EV.
'Inherently, a status symbol is something that will turn heads, and it's difficult not to turn heads in the Cybertruck,' Ivan Drury, an automotive analyst for Edmunds, told Business Insider.
The Cybertruck is marketed as giving consumers the opportunity to ride in the lap of luxury, and as celebrities continue to buy the vehicle, Musk wrote on X: 'They clearly have great taste!'
He was responding to Teslaconomics's post that included pictures of Lady Gaga, Jay Leno, and Beyonce alongside their Cybertrucks that included the caption: 'There is no car company in the world that has the level & reach that these celebrities naturally generate from driving the hottest product in the world right now. 
'Tesla doesn't need to advertise, bc these people do it for them.'
The truck is in such high demand that buyers are even going so far as to purchase the Cybertruck for more than twice it's retail value, with one owner selling his truck that he bought for $102,000 to another dealership for $244,500 at an auction in Dallas, Texas.
Regular customers have struggled to get their hands on one following years of production delays, which may have added to the desirability of the vehicle. 
Lady Gaga once sung ''It's good to live expensive, you know it,' and she's now living up to her lyrics after she was seen in Malibu in mid-February after lunch with boyfriend Michael Polansky
'Pharrellel parking' - Pharrell Williams gave up and parked in the street after attempting and failing to parallel park outside a Louis Vuitton store in Miami, Florida 
Kim Kardashian, often seen wearing futuristic space-age fashion, now owns a car to match
Jay Leno, a well-known car-lover, adds the new Tesla Cybertruck to his collection
Hayley and Justin Bieber sporting their new Tesla Cybertruck in Hollywood last week
Spike Lee checked out the Cybertruck in December and said in a post on Instagram: 'I Put My Reservation In 2 Years Ago'
Bad Bunny takes his 'Cybertruck' song literally showing up with it for his concert at The Delta Center in Salt Lake City
It literally shows just what kind of mindless shee...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.



      The country that has cut asylum claims by 90% by banning the burkha and refusing benefits to migrants who don't learn their language, revealed by SUE REID
    

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group