Just a year into its existence, an agency led by musician Bad Bunny is in hot water with baseball's players union.
MLBPA is revoking the license of Rimas Sports's main agent, William Arroyo, according to a Friday afternoon report from Alden Gonzalez, Jeff Passan and Jorge Castillo of ESPN.
"At Rimas Sports, we uphold the highest standards of professionalism and integrity of our industry," Rimas Sports said in a statement. "Out of respect for an ongoing process within the context of the MLBPA Agent Regulations, we will refrain from making any comments at this time. We remain committed to continue serving our clients with excellence."
Per Gonzalez, Passan and Castillo, Rimas Sports garnered suspicion that it was using "cash and gifts" to lure players almost immediately after coming online in 2023—a practice specifically prohibited by union regulations.
The company's initial player roster included Colorado Rockies shortstop Ezequiel Tovar, New York Mets catcher Francisco Alvarez, and others.
Bad Bunny, one of the most popular musicians in the world, is an avid baseball fan who referenced nine MLB players in his last album.
Patrick Andres is a staff writer on the Breaking and Trending News team at Sports Illustrated. He joined SI in December 2022, having worked for The Blade, Athlon Sports, Fear the Sword and Diamond Digest. Andres has covered everything from zero-attendance Big Ten basketball to a seven-overtime college football game. He is a graduate of Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism with a double major in history . 
Follow PAndres2001
© 2025  ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.