The Sims 4 Lovestruck expansion pack releases this week on PlayStation, PC, and Xbox just ahead of the game's 10th anniversary.
We're almost at the 10-year mark since The Sims 4 was first released, which is wild considering it's now been available longer than the time it took from The Sims to the release of The Sims 3. And yet, despite its age, EA and Maxis are still pumping out new content for the game. What started as a total disappointment due to the lack of content has slowly built itself up to be one of the most all-encompassing Sims experiences.
The latest expansion pack for the game is The Sims 4: Lovestruck, and is set to arrive this week which – as the name implies – is bringing some new changes to your sims' love lives. Notable new features include The Sims' version of Tinder in the form of the Cupid’s Corner app as well as custom turn-ons and turn-offs for your Sims.
The Sims 4 Lovestruck is set to release at 6pm BST / 1pm EDT / 10am PDT on Thursday, July 25 based on the times found on the game's PlayStation Store and Steam Store pages. This time is the same whether you're on PlayStation, Xbox, or PC.
The expansion will run you £34.99 / $39.99 / AU$59.95, however, if you're an EA Play subscriber you'll be able to get a 10% discount on the expansion bringing it down to £31.49 / $35.99 / AU$53.95, but this discount isn't available to Steam players, if you want it on PC you'll need to buy it through the EA launcher.
The following is the full list of The Sims 4 Lovestruck patch notes as released by EA on The Sims website
Real-life relationships are nuanced and complex! Romantic Boundaries bring some of that into The Sims 4 by enabling you to define the conditions under which your Sims become jealous. These live in Create a Sim alongside the “Gender” and “Sexual Orientation” options in the Identity Panel and you can change them at any point in time.
The defaults for all of these will be “Yes” for Sims in your existing games so that you can be the one to decide if you want different behaviour. New Sims that the game makes can run the spectrum!
As your Sims are dating or simply going about their daily lives, their Relationship Panel will accumulate more and more Sims. Tired of it being cluttered with random Sims that you met once and have no desire to meet again? Or have an ex that you want to scrub from your contacts? Well, good news! Now you can remove those Sims (who are not members of your household) by selecting them in the Relationship Panel and selecting “ Hide Relationship ”. Make room for the Sims who really matter!
The language for Sims’ relationships now is more neutral to be more inclusive.
One place where you can see this is in Create a Sim. Select the “Identity” button (it looks like three dots) and go to the Household Relationships Panel.
Previously, the Partners relationship could only be established through gameplay. Now you can set it within Create a Sim between two Sims in your household!
Eyelashes now have their own category! As you all know, some eye shapes have eyelashes as part of them. Now, Sims can have separate eyelashes applied independently from the shape of the eye! And since they are in their own category, they also are compatible with other accessories such as glasses and piercings. The base game includes two styles of lashes for a more dramatic look for your Sims! Seriously! It’s for everyone. For free. Today. Right now!
The days of manually finding and selecting the same accessory, makeup, hat, hair, top, bottom, full-body outfit, or footwear for each outfit are gone! Now you can hit this single button to apply the item to every outfit at once! Love that makeup look you just perfected in your Sim’s Everyday style? Now you can apply it to multiple categories! Found the perfect pair of pants for your party outfit, but applied it to Everyday by accident? You can also select specific categories to copy to, as well! This works on all ages and with all types of Occult Sims. We can’t believe it either. Is today the best day ever?!
Note: Currently, the Apply All Button adds the selected item to your Sim’s outfits. It does not remove outfit pieces - only adds or replaces.
We look forward to any feedback you might have on this new feature, so we can continue to improve it to meet your CAS needs in future releases!
Is that a new hairstyle or are you just happy to see me? Yes, we are happy to see you and, yes, it is new hair!
And there’s even more hair! Part two of The Sims 4 collaboration with Dark and Lovely arrives in this update with two color variants of the new loc braids. Check out Dark & Lovely’s - Play In Color, a campaign that champions diversity and inclusion and spotlights the game changers who are redefining the rules in the games industry.
We’re excited to bring more nail styles and color palettes! There are new designs for French Tips and Coffin Nails to add flair to your fingertips. We’ve also added more color palettes for everyone to express themselves more freely! A whole new series of nude nails is also available to provide an extensive selection to match natural nail beds.
A new “ Relationship… ” category in the Interaction menu now contains actions across the Base Game and a number of packs that directly relate to relationship status such as “Ask to Join Household” or “Become Best Friends”.
The Music section of Game Options now has a “ Safe for Steaming ” toggle to play only the music that is safe for streaming The Sims 4 ! When this is checked, you don’t have to worry about your stream or video running into music copyright issues. We’ll be adding more music with streaming-friendly licensing as time goes on.
Neighborhood Stories now has two new options within Manage Households: Friendship Changes and Romance Changes . This enables Sims in other households to start and end those types of relationships on their own. You can use the mailbox each day to “Check Recent Neighborhood Stories” for news such as Sims your household knows becoming best friends, breaking up, or getting back together.
We gave a new coat of paint to improve the usability of that panel that appears at the top of the screen when your active Sim is in a conversation! Did you know you can do all these things with it?
And that's everything in this week's update. Obviously, you'll need to buy The Sims 4 Lovestruck to access the content from that expansion, but there are still plenty of changes otherwise
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.