By

            Layla McMurtrie
          
        
          on Wed, Apr  3, 2024 at 11:46 am
        
      

                 For some, this weekend in Detroit could be somewhat of a religious experience, mainly if you’re a baseball fan or a Bad Bunny fan. For others, there is lots more to do surrounding the big events or otherwise, including art shows, dance nights, local vendor markets, and more.      


When: April 5 from 10 a.m.-midnight
Where: Paramita Sound (Detroit)
What: A day of music
Who: Tigers fans, music lovers, and local DJs
Why: Celebrate the Detroit Tigers’ opening day with music from local DJs.

When: April 5 from 5:30-7 p.m.
Where: Ford Piquette Plant Museum (Detroit)
What: A tour of Detroit
Who: Tourists or people who want to know more about the city
Why: The tour will explore how The Motor City got its start in the Milwaukee Junction neighborhood in the early 1900s. The event includes a complimentary happy half-hour, followed by a theater presentation on Detroit’s early automotive history. Guests can then enjoy the museum’s collection of rare antique vehicles made by Ford, Brush, Cadillac, Detroit Electric, Dodge, and others.

When: April 5 from 6-7 p.m.
Where: KickstART Gallery & Artisan Shop (Farmington)
What: An art talk
Who: Pauly M. Everett and gallery curator Ted Hadfield
Why: Hear the featured artist discuss art, life in Flint, and more.

When: April 5 from 6-8 p.m.
Where: College for Creative Studies, A. Alfred Taubman Center for Design Education (Detroit)
What: A collaborative art exhibition
Who: Over forty metro Detroit mothers
Why: It’s a collaborative exhibition that creates a contemporary portrait of motherhood. The photographs on view are made by using each mother’s breastmilk as a light-sensitive agent in the salted paper process.

When: April 5 from 6-10 p.m.
Where: Bloom Studio & Gallery (Ypsilanti)
What: An inaugural exhibition, storefront opening, and fundraiser
Who: Ypsi community members and shop owners
Why: The new open studio and gallery space is hosting its first-ever event to welcome people to the storefront with art and raise money for future programming.

When: April 5 from 9 p.m.-2 a.m.
Where: Spot Lite (Detroit)
What: A dance night
Who: Local DJs Tammy Lakkis and Father Dukes, plus Chicago DJ VitiGrrl
Why: Dance the night away with friends to kick off your weekend. 

When: April 6 from 8-11 a.m.
Where: M1 Concourse (Pontiac)
What: A car show with coffee
Who: Car enthusiasts
Why: It’s the first cars and coffee of the 2024 season, showcasing classic and collector cars, plus introducing new visitors to the concourse.

When: April 6 from 12-6 p.m.
Where: The Jam Handy (Detroit)
What: A festival of zine-makers
Who: Nearly 80 zine-makers
Why: The free event is a celebration of zine culture in Detroit and will have many zines for sale and places to make your own.

When: April 6 from 12-8 p.m.
Where: Urbanrest Brewing Co. (Ferndale)
What: A Michigan printmaker fair
Who: Michigan printmakers
Why: The inaugural event will bring together printmakers throughout the state for a market. Attendees will be able to purchase artist-made original prints, view demonstrations, enjoy Urbanrest’s beverages, and visit food trucks.

When: April 6 from 4-8 p.m.
Where: Ford Community and Performing Arts Center (Dearborn)
What: An all-ages art festival
Who: Local artists of all kinds
Why: The festival is free, featuring music, performances, films, culinary arts, art demos, workshops, family crafts, a mini art market, and a pop-up exhibit. 

When: April 6 from 4-10 p.m.
Where: Foxglove (Detroit)
What: A pop-up market and music event for Palestine
Who: Local DJs and vendors
Why: Support local artists while supporting the people of Palestine. Plus, it’s a super cool venue with great energy.

When: April 6 from 5-7:30 p.m. and 8:30-11 p.m.
Where: Royal Oak Farmers Market (Royal Oak)
What: A bourbon festival
Who: Local bourbon lovers
Why: The fourth annual Royal Oak Bourbon Fest will run in two sessions, featuring 100+ whiskeys, a cocktail station, and a VIP section. While most of the drinks are bourbon, there will also be non-bourbon options including beer, wine, and other spirits. Plus, there will be food trucks, live music, vendors, and more.

When: April 6 from 6-11 p.m.
Where: Packard Proving Grounds (Shelby Township)
What: A Gatsby-themed gala
Who: Special guest MC Roop Raj
Why: The night will feature a Gatsby-themed dinner, specialty cocktails, dancing, and more. Dress in period attire and enjoy the ambiance of the 1920s.

When: April 6 at 8 p.m.
Where: Little Caesars Arena (Detroit)
What: A concert
Who: Bad Bunny
Why: It’s a stop on the hit artist’s “Most Wanted Tour.”

When: April 6 at 9 p.m.
Where: Northern Lights Lounge (Detroit)
What: An afterparty following the Bad Bunny concert
Who: Local DJs
Why: There will be lots of dancing to Latin music for those who are ready to party after the concert.

When: April 6 from 8-10 p.m.
Where: Senate Theater (Detroit)
What: A mini film festival
Who: Local filmmakers and film lovers
Why: The event will feature a 99-minute mix of animated shorts showcasing a selection of works from local and international animators.

When: April 6 from 10 p.m.-3 a.m.
Where: The Marble Bar (Detroit)
What: An afterparty following the Bad Bunny concert
Who: Many local DJs and performers, presented by We Are Culture Creators
Why: One stage will offer Latin house, reggaeton, and baile funk music, while a second stage will feature Afrobeats, R&B, hip-hop, and dance beats.

When: April 7 from 8:15 a.m.-6 p.m.
Where: Laurel Park Place (Livonia)
What: A used book and media sale
Who: Local book and media lovers
Why: Bookstock has 400,000-plus used books, DVDs, CDs, audiobooks, and vinyl for sale at affordable prices. All proceeds benefit literacy and education projects throughout metro Detroit.

When: April 7 from 9:30 a.m.-5 p.m.
Where: Eastern Market (Detroit)
What: A shop local event
Who: Founded by Jennyfer Crawford-Williams
Why: The event is a day-long shop-local experience and food truck rally of more than 200 local makers selling handcrafted art, food, and home goods. It draws thousands of visitors and spans three sheds of Detroit's historic Eastern Market.

When: April 7 from 6-10 p.m.
Where: Freya & Dragonfly (Detroit)
What: A celebration of art, food, and connection
Who: Local artists and chefs
Why: The quarterly celebration opens up both adjacent spaces with one menu. The event is free and open to the public with à la carte food and drinks. $20 presale tickets include one plate and cocktail, and a $20 discount on the artwork. The current show “Synergy” will close on April 22.

          
            Sunshine, blue skies and vibrant green trees created a perfect atmosphere for Art in the Trees Sunday in Detroit’s Palmer Park. The…
          
        

          By Erica Hobbs
          

          
            Select events happening in metro Detroit this week. Be sure to check venue websites before all events for the latest information. See…
          
        

          By Lee DeVito
          

          
            This real estate listing looks like it could have come straight out of the hit TV show Yellowstone.A sprawling complex in Ann…
          
        

          By Lee DeVito
          

          
            With the release last week of the Michael B. Jordan-Ryan Coogler instant classic Sinners, we have officially entered the 2025 summer season…
          
        

          By Jared Rasic, Last Word Features
          

‘The House of Tarot’ exhibit gives us major ‘Silent Hill’ vibes (in a good way)


By Randiah Camille Green


Johnny “Bee” Badanjek to debut new paintings Saturday night at the River’s Edge


By Dave Mesrey


Detroit’s ‘Star Wars’-themed Space Dive event strikes back


By Jeff Milo

All material © 2025 
Detroit Metro Times, Ferndale, MI. All rights reserved.