By MADISON BURGESS 
 Published:  16:00, 24 June 2024   |  Updated:  16:38, 24 June 2024   
 13
View  comments
Louise Thompson turned heads as she made a surprise appearance at Vogue World on Sunday.
The former Made In Chelsea star, 34, looked glamorous as she stepped out at the Ritz Paris Grand Jardin wearing a ruffled black maxi dress.
She shared a slew of stunning snaps to her Instagram page on Monday to commemorate the event, with fans rushing to the comments to compliment how 'beautiful' she looked.
Louise opted for a classy all-black look, donning the Malila ruffle-trim woven maxi dress from House of CB, which retails for £179.
She paired the dress with a sleek updo and a face of glowy makeup as she posed for an array of pictures in the iconic garden.
Louise Thompson turned heads as she made a surprise appearance at Vogue World on Sunday after battling health woes 
The former Made In Chelsea star, 34, looked glamorous as she stepped out at the Ritz Paris Grand Jardin wearing a ruffled black maxi dress
The TV personality also shared some mirror selfies and a short clip of her making her way around the star-studded event.
It comes after Louise shared the news of having a stoma bag fitted with her Instagram followers in early April, and she bravely admitted it is 'not something she wanted to hide forever'.
The television personality has previously spoken about her ongoing struggles with the bowel condition ulcerative colitis as well as the autoimmune disease lupus.
Ulcerative colitis is a chronic bowel condition where the colon and rectum become inflamed and small ulcers develop on the colon's lining, which can bleed. The condition has no cure, but can be effectively managed with time.
Earlier this year she spent two weeks in hospital after suffering a ulcerative colitis flare up during a holiday with her fiance Ryan Libbey and their little boy Leo, two.
The fitness influencer almost died during the birth of her son Leo in 2021 and was left with post traumatic stress disorder.
Louise shared a video of herself showing the bag, which is attached to her stomach, and wrote: HOW DO I DISCLOSE THIS SORT OF NEWS? 
'It's not exactly exciting like a big pregnancy or gender reveal announcement! Hey look i'm having a boy… Hey look i've got a stoma!
She paired the dress with a sleek updo and a face of glowy makeup as she posed for an array of pictures in the iconic garden
Louise opted for a classy all-black look, donning the Malila ruffle-trim woven maxi dress from House of CB, which retails for £179.
The TV personality also shared some mirror selfies and a short clip of her making her way around the star-studded event
Louise shared her nerves ahead of flying for the first time with a stoma bag earlier this month
The former Made In Chelsea star revealed back in March that she had a stoma bag fitted after years of suffering from ulcerative colitis following a diagnosis in 2018 (pictured in March) 
'So I guess i'll just stand here. Proud in stature. With my new friend. Le bum bag, that represents life. And hopefully a better one.
'Isn't it bizarre that this little grey pouch is the price I pay for good health! I say good riddance to that nasty menacing colon!
Louise urged people to support her choice to share her news online, and added: 'Please be kind.'
Earlier this month, the former reality star shared her nerves about flying for the first time with her stoma bag, which she calls Winnie. 
Showing off Winnie in a mirror selfie, Louise wrote: 'Morning boys and girls. Nice early start this AM. Off to the airport for a work trip ya see. Lots of firsts.
'Let's start with the fact that I slept with a few rollers in last night. Yikes.
In another snap, she penned: 'First trip with Winnie! Worried I have not given this enough thought. Any last minute advice?' 
Before this, she proudly revealed that she went out wearing a gold miniskirt, after declaring she wouldn't let the stoma stop her wearing what she wanted.
In June, Louise proudly revealed that she went out wearing a gold miniskirt after getting the stoma bag fitted 
And after declaring she wouldn't let the stoma stop her wearing what she wanted, she took to her Instagram to share a slew of photos donning a sequinned miniskirt for a lunch with her publishing team
She took to her Instagram in early June to share a slew of photos donning a sequinned miniskirt for a lunch with her publishing team. 
Louise happily said that she was 'doing super well' and that her recovery was being sped up by all her achievements, the latest of which is attending the fashion extravaganza in Paris.
Inside the Vogue World, runway show, Sabrina Carpenter joined Katy Perry, Kendall Jenner, Gigi Hadid and FKA Twigs strutting in the catwalk.
A cohort of famous faces are taking part in the Vogue World event, celebrating 100 years of fashion and sport in the iconic city.
The fashion show also featured performances by Bad Bunny and Aya Nakumura, while Katy Perry made a surprise appearance on the runway.
Meanwhile Cara Delevingne provided commentary on the live stream for those who were unable to get tickets as she talked the viewers through each era of fashion.
Last year the event was hosted in London, while the year before the Big Apple was the backdrop for the high fashion show.
Those who were unable to get a ticket for the event will be able to watch the action unfold on a live stream, which will be hosted by Cara Delevingne.
Earlier this year, Louise spent two weeks in hospital after suffering a ulcerative colitis flare up during a holiday with her fiance Ryan Libbey and their little boy Leo, two (pictured at the time)
This year's Vogue World collaborated with youth athletic academies across France, pairing different sports with a history of 100 years of French fashion.
The sports include cycling, gymnastics, tennis, fencing, and break dancing, among others and the fashion will shine a spotlight on both modern and historic designers.
Artists who are expected to perform during the show include Bad Bunny and Aya Nakamura, although little detail has been revealed so far.
Speaking on the event, Vogue's global editorial director and Condé Nast chief content officer Anna Wintour, said: 'If Vogue World: New York was a street fair, and Vogue World: London was a glamorous night at the theatre...
'Supporting arts and cultural organisations in London – Paris will be a kind of opening ceremony; one that celebrates 100 years of fashion and sport, as well as this extraordinary city.'
A percentage of the net proceeds from ticket sales will be donated to the humanitarian organisation Secours Populaire.
The organisation facilitates access to essential equipment for young, aspiring athletes across France.
A stoma is a surgically-created opening made on the abdomen, which is made to divert the flow of urine and faeces.
According to the NHS, this procedure may be needed if you cannot pass stools through your anus, which could be the result of an illness, injury or problem with your digestive system. 
In the UK, it is estimated that one in 335 people have had the surgery. 
The procedure can be part treatment for a number of illnesses, including cancer, diverticulitis, Crohn's disease or any trauma to the abdomen.
The stoma will generally be 'pink and most - like the inside of our mouths'. After the surgery, it will be swollen, but this will reduce in six to eight weeks.
There is no sensation to touching a stoma - as there are no nerves - but different people will have theirs in a different size or shape. 
It is also possible to have a temporary stoma, which could later be reversed, if the diseased or damaged area in the bowel needs to heal over time. 
A stoma is a surgically-created opening made on the abdomen, which is made to divert the flow of urine and faeces. Stock image used
TYPES OF STOMA
COLOSTOMY
This refers to an opening in the colon - the large intestine. During the operation, a part of the colon will be brought from inside the body through their abdomen. The output from this 'often resembles a traditional stool' and functions around one to three times a day.
ILEOSTOMY
For this procedure, the surgeon will bring a part of the small intestine - the ileum specifically - from inside the patient's body and bring it through the abdomen, stitching it down to secure it. The output for an ileostomy is looser than that of a colostomy. An ileostomy bag - which enables drainage into the toilet between three to six times a day' - is also worn.
UROSTOMY
A urostomy refers to an opening for a person's urine specifically. For this, the surgeon will take a piece of someone's small intestine and attach it to the ureters. This will 'form a passageway for urine to pass through'. For this, one of the tube is brought out through the abdomen. A urostomy bag will also have a 'bung or tap on the bottom to allow urine to be drained at regular intervals into the toilet'.
Source: Colostomy UK, NHS

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group