In May, Bad Bunny and Kendall Jenner were spotted together at the Après Met 2 Met Gala after-party, despite reports that the pair had split up late last year. Now, a source tells Entertainment Tonight that they have been trying to spend time together whenever they have the opportunity. 
“Kendall and Bad Bunny are still in contact and spend time together when they can,” claimed the insider. “There’s a strong connection between them whenever they’re together and they have the same chemistry that they’ve always had.” 
The source continued, “They’re having fun for now, but are hoping to figure things out in a way that makes sense. They’re not necessarily back together or an exclusive item, but there is definitely still a vibe between them. Neither of them feels any pressure and appreciate that they can enjoy space when they want. It’s casual, easy, and comfortable between them.” 
The Puerto Rican rapper and model broke up in December, having dated for a little under a year. Another source told ET at the time, “Kendall and Bad Bunny have been doing their own things lately and things slowly started to fizzle out between them.”
They added, “They both knew going into this that it likely wouldn’t be a forever type of relationship and that was mutually understood from the get-go. They have crazy busy schedules and know they’re still young and have a lot more to experience individually before settling down.”
After the split, it was rumored that Jenner was seeing her ex, Phoenix Suns star Devin Booker, who she was in a relationship with from 2020 to 2022. In February, a source told ET, “Right now, they’re trying to figure things out. [They] are actively speaking and seeing one another.” 
When Do New Episodes of ‘The Studio’ Drop?
What We Know About the Future of ‘Shōgun’
Landman Season 2 Starts Filming
Tracking All the Cameos in The Studio
That Handmaid’s Tale Betrayal, Explained
Varada Sethu on Cinta’s ‘Andor’ Season 2 Arc
Handmaid’s Tale Season 6, Episode 6 Recap
How to Watch New Episodes of ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’
The 30 Best Vampire Shows and Films 
Madeline Brewer on Sex Scenes With Penn Badgley
Who Are the Seraphites in The Last of Us?
 The Last of Us Season 2, Episode 3 Recap
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.