The Colombian artist is confirmed for the 2024 Billboard Latin Music Week. 

													By
												

	Jessica Roiz

Assistant Editor, Latin

Feid has officially signed with Creative Artists Agency (CAA), coming together in a strategic alliance in brand partnership opportunities, Billboard can exclusively announce today (Sept. 26). 

	With CAA’s representation—across music, film, television, endorsements, sports, business development and more—the Colombian artist plans to further expand his international reach and work closely with CAA on future endeavors, including his highly-anticipated world tour.





	
	
		
					Related		
	



















	
	
		
					El Rey Theater in Los Angeles to Be Featured in Tony Hawk Video Game		
	



	04/30/2025	







	The artist born Salomón Villada Hoyos is known for his No. 1 hits on the Billboard Latin Airplay chart such as “Perro Negro” with Bad Bunny, “Luna” with Atl Jacob, “Yandel 150” with Yandel and “Hey Mor” with Ozuna. He’s also one of this year’s top finalists at the 2024 Billboard Latin Music Awards boasting 11 entries, including Global 200 Latin artist of the year and Latin rhythm album of the year for Ferxxocalipsis, in addition to the five he achieved for “Perro Negro” with Bad Bunny.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Feid is also a four-time Latin Grammy nominee, where he’s up for best reggaeton performance (“Perro Negro”); best urban music album (Ferxxocalipsis); and best urban song for two tracks, “El Cielo” with Sky Rompiendo and Myke Towers and “Luna.”

	Additionally, his Ferxxocalipsis World Tour that sold out dates in New York, Los Angeles, Miami and more, kicked off the Latin American leg of stadium shows with two sold-out concerts in Mexico City last month. The tour will continue through December, wrapping with three consecutive sold-out stadium gigs in his hometown of Medellín, Colombia.

	Feid is managed by Luis Villamizar.

Both Feid and Villamizar are set for the 2024 Billboard Latin Music Week returning to Miami Beach on Oct. 14-18, with confirmed superstars including J Balvin, Gloria Estefan, Alejandro Sanz and Peso Pluma, among many others. For tickets and more details, visit Billboardlatinmusicweek.com.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.