Foggy in the morning. Then periods of showers later in the day. High 62F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 70%..
                                
Rain likely. Low 52F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall around a half an inch.
 Updated: May 4, 2025 @ 12:09 am
A Miami mall made an appearance on the latest episode of the “The Kardashians,” and not for a reason you might think (shopping).
During a ski trip to Aspen, somehow talk about aliens came up on the Hulu series, as did a wild, late night scene at Bayside Marketplace on New Year’s Day.
Kendall Jenner, a frequent visitor to the area thanks to her on-off relationship with Bad Bunny, was the first one to broach the topic to half-sister Khloe.
“What do you think of this alien situation at that Miami mall?” the supermodel casually asks over a family meal.
Khloe responds she’d heard about the incident, which involved dozens of cops descending on Bayside on Jan. 1 in response to numerous reports of alien sightings.
“Obviously, that was 100 percent real,” Khloe Kardashian says, admitting she’s a proud conspiracy theorist.
The 40-year-old reality star then calls her brother Rob, who has no doubt that we had visitors from outer space.
‘There is literally seven species of aliens,” he states resolutely. “And there’s good aliens and bad aliens.”
Kris Jenner poses at the Met Gala, an annual fundraising gala held for the benefit of the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Costume Institute in New York City on Monday.
Kris Jenner tried to keep everyone, um, grounded.
“Where are all the videos?” the momager asks.
“Mom, are you kidding me!?” Khloe yells back. “They have technology that wipes it all out!”
In fact, there were videos of that strange night, many of them still circulating online in the 305 and beyond. But after a brief investigation, local authorities confirmed there was no smoke where there was fire.
A rep from the Miami-Dade Police Department debunked the Internet investigators, confirming no UFO had landed.
The “creatures” lurking around the shops were actually a group of wild teens. Four arrests were made.
According to Miami police, the kids set off fireworks, which sounded like gunfire, and people panicked, with some jumping to conclusions after seeing large, mysterious figures in the dark.
Later on Instagram, the Miami Police Department posted a message addressing what had gone down.
“There is video going viral of 8- to 10-foot aliens walking around Bayside,” an officer says in the clip. “It is just a person walking with a shadow.”
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.