To View The Trailer, Watch HERE
To Access Assets, Visit The Press Site HERE
 
Today, Prime Video released the official trailer for the highly anticipated new animated series from Warner Bros. Animation, Bad Robot Productions, and 6th & Idaho,  Batman: Caped Crusader. The series will be available to stream exclusively on Prime Video in more than 240 countries and territories worldwide beginning on Thursday, August 1. 
The series stars Hamish Linklater (Midnight Mass, The Big Short) as Batman/Bruce Wayne, Christina Ricci(Yellowjackets, The Lizzie Borden Chronicles) as Catwoman/Selina Kyle, Jamie Chung (Stone Cold Fox, Junction) as Harley Quinn/Dr. Harleen Quinzel, and Diedrich Bader (Harley Quinn, Better Things) as Harvey Dent/Two-Face, along with a star-studded ensemble cast including: Minnie Driver, Mckenna Grace, Eric Morgan Stuart, Michelle C. Bonilla, Krystal Joy Brown, John DiMaggio, Paul Scheer, Reid Scott, Tom Kenny, Jason Watkins, Gary Anthony Williams, Dan Donohue, David Krumholtz, Haley Joel Osment and Toby Stephens.  
About Batman: Caped Crusader
Welcome to Gotham City, where the corrupt outnumber the good, criminals run rampant and law-abiding citizens live in a constant state of fear. Forged in the fire of tragedy, wealthy socialite Bruce Wayne becomes something both more and less than human—the BATMAN. His one-man crusade attracts unexpected allies within the GCPD and City Hall, but his heroic actions spawn deadly, unforeseen ramifications.

The series is a reimagining of the Batman mythology through the visionary lens of executive producers J.J. Abrams, Matt Reeves and Bruce Timm. Based on DC characters, Batman: Caped Crusader hails from Warner Bros. Animation, Abrams’ Bad Robot Productions and Reeves’ 6th & Idaho. Along with Abrams, Reeves and Timm, Batman: Caped Crusader executive producers include Ed Brubaker, James Tucker, Daniel Pipski, Rachel Rusch Rich, and Sam Register.

About Prime Video
Prime Video is a one-stop entertainment destination offering customers a vast collection of premium programming in one application available across thousands of devices. On Prime Video, customers can find their favorite movies, series, documentaries, and live sports – including Amazon MGM Studios-produced series and movies Road House, The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power, Fallout, Reacher, The Boys, and The Idea of You; licensed fan favorites American Fiction and The Boys in the Boat; Prime member exclusive access to coverage of live sports including Thursday Night Football, WNBA, and NWSL, and acclaimed sports documentaries including Bye Bye Barry and Federer; and programming from partners such as Max, Crunchyroll and MGM+ via Prime Video Channels add-on subscriptions, as well as more than 500 free ad-supported (FAST) Channels. Prime members in the U.S. can share a variety of benefits, including Prime Video, by using Amazon Household. Prime Video is one benefit among many that provides savings, convenience, and entertainment as part of the Prime membership. All customers, regardless of whether they have a Prime membership or not, can rent or buy titles, including blockbusters such as Challengers and The Fall Guy, via the Prime Video Store, and can enjoy content such as Jury Duty and Bosch: Legacy free with ads on Freevee. Customers can also go behind the scenes of their favorite movies and series with exclusive X-Ray access. For more info visit www.amazon.com/primevideo. 

About Warner Bros. Animation
Warner Bros. Animation (WBA) is one of the leading producers of animation in the entertainment industry, producing and developing projects for multiple platforms, both domestically and internationally. WBA’s current series include Batman: Caped Crusader, Bat-Family, Batwheels, Bugs Bunny Builders, Creature Commandos, Get Jiro, Gremlins: The Wild Batch, Harley Quinn, Jellystone!, Kite Man: Hell Yeah!, Looney Tunes Cartoons, My Adventures with Superman, Teen Titans Go!, Tiny Toons Looniversity, and Velma. The studio is currently in production on two feature films – The Day The Earth Blew Up: A Looney Tunes Movie and the upcoming original anime feature film, The Lord of the Rings: The War of the Rohirrim with New Line Cinema.  WBA’s full-length theatrical film, Teen Titans GO! to the Movies, was released in summer 2018. As home to the iconic animated characters from the DC, Hanna-Barbera, MGM and Looney Tunes libraries, WBA also produces highly successful animated films — including the DC Universe Movies — for DVD, Blu-ray® and digital media. Upcoming slate for Warner Home Entertainment include Aztec Batman: Clash of Empires and Watchmen. One of the most-honored animation studios in history, WBA has won six Academy Awards®, 40 Emmy® Awards, the George Foster Peabody Award, a BAFTA Children’s Award, an Environmental Media Award, a Parents’ Choice Award, the HUMANITAS Prize, two Prism Awards and 21 Annie Awards (honoring excellence in animation).

About Bad Robot
Bad Robot was formed by filmmaker J.J. Abrams in 2001. The company has produced television series including Alias, Lost, Fringe, Person of Interest, Westworld, Castle Rock, Lovecraft Country, Lisey’s Story, Presumed Innocent for Apple TV+, and the upcoming series Duster for Max. The company has produced such features as SUPER 8, STAR WARS: THE FORCE AWAKENS and THE RISE OF SKYWALKER, and the STAR TREK, MISSION: IMPOSSIBLE, and CLOVERFIELD franchises. Via its overall deal with Oscar®-winning documentarian Glen Zipper, Bad Robot has also produced several documentaries, including Showtime’s UFO, Netflix’s Challenger: The Final Flight, THE BLUE ANGELS for IMAX and Amazon, and the upcoming Elizabeth Taylor: The Lost Tapes for Max. In addition to its live-action film and television slate, Bad Robot produced the Oscar-winning animated adaptation of Charlie Mackesy’s beloved illustrated book “The Boy, The Mole, The Fox and the Horse” and has a number of animated projects underway, including a reimagining of Dr. Seuss’s iconic “Oh, the Places You’ll Go” and the upcoming series Batman: Caped Crusader. In 2018, the company launched Bad Robot Games, a new entity dedicated to developing large and indie-scale original games for mobile, PC, and console. The company has also launched both an audio division, Bad Robot Audio, in partnership with Spotify to develop and produce original scripted and non-scripted audio content, including the hit podcastDear Felicity, and a theater division, Bad Robot Live, which has an exclusive three-year partnership with Ambassador Theatre Group. Bad Robot Live has recently produced such hits as the Tony award-winningAppropriate, Gutenberg! The Musical!, One Woman Show, and Oh God, A Show About Abortion. Bad Robot is based in Santa Monica and can be followed  at twitter.com/bad_robot and instagram.com/bad_robot.

About 6th & Idaho
6th & Idaho was formed by filmmaker Matt Reeves in 2014. The banner produced the Robert Pattinson starrer The Batman, co-written and directed by Reeves for Warner Bros., which grossed over $770MM worldwide and was nominated for three Academy Awards. Reeves and Mattson Tomlin are currently writing The Batman, Part II, set to be released in 2026. On the TV side, the company produced the Batman spinoff series, The Penguin, starring Colin Farrell. The eight-episode limited series continues The Batman epic crime saga created by Reeves and will be released by Max on September 19. Other notable projects from 6th & Idaho include the sci-fi thriller Mother/Android for Hulu, Ordinary Joe for NBC, Tales from the Loop for Prime Video, and Lift for Netflix.

Social Handles:
Instagram: @primevideo, @batman
Twitter: @primevideo, @batman
TikTok: @primevideo
Facebook: @PrimeVideo, @batman
Official Hashtag: #CapedCrusader
( Press Release Image: https://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/8/323600/323600-1.png )
WebWireID323600
This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted.
News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire.