May 3, 2025
Editorial:
Democratic presidential nominee Vice President Kamala Harris, right, greets sInger/actress Jennifer Lopez after being introduced by Lopez during a campaign rally Thursday, Oct. 31, 2024, in North Las Vegas. Photo by:
                    


        
            
                Steve Marcus/AP
            
        


Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024 | 2 a.m.
On Thursday, at a campaign rally for Kamala Harris at Craig Ranch amphitheater in Las Vegas, the vice president was joined on stage by pop culture icon Jennifer Lopez. Lopez was there to deliver a simple message to Harris’ opponent, Donald Trump, about American Latinos — especially Latina women — in the 2024 electorate: Our voices and votes matter and we will not tolerate being insulted or silenced.
Lopez is of Puerto Rican descent — the same Puerto Rico that Trump surrogate Tony Hinchcliffe called “an island of floating garbage” at a Trump rally Sunday. This, despite the fact that Puerto Rico is an American territory and Puerto Ricans are American citizens. The language mirrored Trump’s own. He has said America is a garbage can because of immigration, meaning immigrants are garbage.
Fighting back tears, Lopez said Trump’s campaign — which appears to have approved Hinchcliffe’s speech — had offended “every Latino in this country” with his rally at Madison Square Garden.
“At Madison Square Garden, (Trump) reminded us who he really is and how he really feels,” Lopez said. “It wasn’t just Puerto Ricans who were offended that day, OK? It was every Latino in this country, it was humanity and anyone of decent character.”
“We should be upset,” she continued. “We should be scared and outraged. We should. Our pain matters. We matter. Your voice and your vote matters. … This is our country too.”
Lopez’s appearance comes just days after Bad Bunny, one of the world’s biggest Latin music stars, shared Harris’ platform for Puerto Rico on social media, and former Trump supporter and reggaeton star Nicky Jam withdrew his endorsement of the former president.
Trump’s response to the outrage and disappointment of Puerto Rican and other American Latinos was to double down on the “garbage” bit, scheduling a cosplay photo op with a Trump garbage truck that the aging former president struggled to get into. The message: Immigrants are garbage and he would remove them.
JLo’s appearances at Harris’ rally highlighted more than just symbolic support — it underscored Harris’ genuine advocacy for Latino Americans, a relationship built on a foundation of trust and tangible results. From her early days in California, Harris’ policies and initiatives have aimed at closing economic gaps, protecting civil rights and improving access to education and health care. These are the pillars upon which the American dream is built, and they are crucial to the progress and prosperity of Latino families and working-class Americans alike.
As attorney general of California, Harris took steps to reshape the relationship between law enforcement and Latino communities in a way that focused on community safety and trust while creating accountability for violent and repeat offenders.
As a senator, Harris focused on bread-and-butter issues that affect Latino families, and indeed all families, most acutely. She introduced the LIFT (Livable Incomes for Families Today) Act, a bill that proposed a tax credit for middle and low-income Americans. The policy aimed to provide up to $6,000 per year for working families pursuing upward mobility. While the bill didn’t pass in Congress, its spirit lives on in Harris’ continued advocacy for financial relief for working families, including expanded child tax credits and support for educational initiatives.
For Harris, education is essential to opening the doors of opportunity. She has been an outspoken advocate for policies that support early childhood education, community college access and debt-free higher education. In 2021, she supported the Biden administration’s American Families Plan, which proposed two years of free community college and substantial investments in Pell Grants. These policies have the potential to change lives and lift entire families out of poverty.
Throughout her career, Harris has also prioritized access to affordable health care and housing. During the pandemic, Latino families were among the hardest hit, facing both a higher rate of COVID-19 infections and economic setbacks. Harris has strongly supported relief efforts targeting these communities, from expanding access to vaccines to pushing for enhanced unemployment benefits for workers in sectors like hospitality, construction, agriculture and manufacturing — industries that are essential to Nevada’s economy and heavily populated by Latino workers.
The policies that Harris has advanced for Latino communities reflect her broader commitment to working families across America. Her vision seeks to provide hardworking Americans with access to the tools that help families achieve the American dream.
Harris understands the nuances of the Latino experience in America. Her advocacy for Latino families is woven into her larger framework for the nation, a blueprint aimed at fostering a society where everyone, regardless of background, has a fair chance to succeed. In a divided political landscape, Harris’ dedication to the American dream remains a unifying force, championing a vision where Latino families and all American families have the support they need to thrive.
Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism
Follow us:
© Las Vegas Sun, 2025, All Rights Reserved
© Las Vegas Sun Mobile