By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  19:17, 26 July 2024   |  Updated:  10:23, 27 July 2024   
 589
View  comments
Lady Gaga fans were unimpressed with her 2024 Olympic opening ceremony performance on Friday as she suffered sound issues during her rendition of Mon Truc en Plumes.
The Bad Romance star, 38, stunned in black leotard and white feathers as she graced the international stage.
But despite her looking incredible for international performance, viewers could help but criticise the American star's performance. 
Flocking to X, formerly known as Twitter, fans said her piece 'must have been her worst ever' and claimed she sang in 'French adjacent' as they slammed the broadcast's audio.
One penned: 'Great performance from Lady Gaga. Shame the French forgot to do a sound check beforehand.'
Lady Gaga fans were unimpressed with her 2024 Olympic opening ceremony performance on Friday as they claimed she sang in 'French adjacent' 
The Bad Romance star, 38, stunned in black leotard and white feathers as she graced the international stage with her rendition of Mon Truc en Plumes 
'Lady Gaga performing to no large audience in a stadium but on a platform next to the river. The sound is awful, sound just getting lost in the vast open space rather than being reverberated around a stadium.'
'Very famous FRENCH artist... uh... #LadyGaga. With a... Uhm... I don't know what that performance was, but must have been her worst ever. #OlympicGames #Paris2024' 
'Lady Gaga ain't even f*****g French. This is like if Bad Bunny sung while the Olympics were being held in Colombia'
'The GB opening ceremony in 2012 was much lauded but I liked what they did in the closing one that the the UK has so many hugely influential pop music stars just line them up. France have to use Lady Gaga pretending she can speak French.'
'Ok but is lady Gaga singing in French or French adjacent??'
Despite some fans feeling disappointed, others loved her appearance as they said she 'slayed' her 'amazing' performance. 
One X user wrote: ' @ladygaga is sensational in the Olympic opening ceremony. Wow!!!!!'
'BEAUTIFUL'
'It's amazing how it's a well-known fact that Lady Gaga is very talented, but she still manages to take it to new heights and show the world that she's capable of even more. Her entire performance was breathtaking.'
'It was outstanding! Thank You so much@ladygaga. You honored us for sure! Loved the passion and all the hard work to make it so amazing!'
'Love you my queen!' 
Lady Gaga kicked off the party by performing to 320,000 excited spectators crowded on the banks of the River Seine. 
The choreographed parade kicked off at 6.30pm UK time, with the American superstar wowing crowds with a stunning Folies Bergère style cabaret performance. 
Her show-stopping display opened on a gold staircase with an array of feather-clad dancers, holding pom poms that concealed the headliner's face. 
The #Olympics opening ceremony was full of cool moves 💃#Paris2024 pic.twitter.com/99SOmfv9Ay
But, despite her looking incredible for international performance, viewers could help but criticise the American star's performance
Flocking to X, formerly known as Twitter , fans said her piece 'must have been her worst ever' and slammed her for her French singing
Despite some fans feeling disappointed, others loved her appearance as they said she 'slayed' her 'amazing' performance
Lady Gaga kicked off the party by performing to 320,000 excited spectators crowded on the banks of the River Seine
After teasing her presence by doing a racy dance with only her endless legs visible, the feathers cleared to show that the blonde beauty had arrived.
The Grammy winner continued to belt out the French-language Mon Truc en Plume (My Thing With Feathers) in a minute-long routine. 
At one point she flaunted her endless skillset as she played the piano In honor of the Games' host country this year. 
The star opted for a vintage, Parisian cabaret-style performance, hamming up her movements with every opportunity and sang entirely in French amid an plume of pink feathers. 
The opening ceremony kicked off with a short film starring French football legend Zinedine Zidan carrying the Olympic torch before he passed it local children who emerged in real life on the river banks.
Crowds were seen pouring out of windows of houses dotted along the Seine this evening as athletes begin to make their way down on a huge Flotilla of 85 boats carrying 6,800 athletes from the bridge.
Those watching from the banks of the famous river - as well as from their armchairs all over the world - were then treated to a quintessential Parisian performance of the Can-can dance with dancers dressed in pink lighting up the grey sky.
As the dance medley continues below on the banks of the river, the Olympic torch is being carried over the city's stunning rooftops by a free-running athlete.
Meanwhile more than 600,000 people are attending the Opening Ceremony in the stadium including a huge string of famous faces, including pop star Arianna Grande, Tennis champion Serena Williams and Hollywood royalty Stephen Spielberg.
Olympic organisers will be hoping the rest of tonight's ceremony goes smoothly after a 'massive arson attack' earlier today brought mayhem to France's rail network - leaving both spectators and athletes stranded.
The choreographed parade kicked off at 6.30pm UK time, with the American superstar wowing crowds as she performed a stunning Folie Bergiere style
She sang entirely in French amid an plume of pink feathers
Lady Gaga seen surrounded by pink feathers shaped around in a heart
The songstress looked sensational as she graced the stage in sheer tights and stilettos
The star channeled old Hollywood glam as she was lifted into the air as she blew a kiss to the cameras
Her show-stopping display opened on a gold staircase with an array of feather-clad dancers, holding pom poms that concealed the headliner's face
After teasing her presence by doing a racy dance with only her endless legs visible, the feathers cleared to show that the blonde beauty had arrived
The Grammy winner continued to belt out the French-language Mon Truc en Plume (My Thing With Feathers) in a minute-long routine
At one point, she flaunted her endless skillset as she played the piano In honor of the Games' host country this year
The star opted for a vintage, Parisian cabaret-style performance, hamming up her movements with every opportunity and sang entirely in French amid an plume of pink feathers
Her elaborate stage painted in hues of yellow was built directly on top of the dark, murky water of the River Seine
The 'co-ordinated acts of malice' on high-speed rail lines across the Channel has left sport fans facing travel chaos, with snaking queues forming at St Pancras today as Eurostar trains were delayed or axed.
Eurostar has told customers to cancel their trips today if they can - advice which was echoed by Prime Minister Sir Keir Starmer, who was seen sat in a prime seat at the stadium after travelling to France by plane instead of his planned route from St Pancras.
In a major blow to Olympics organisers, Eurostar delays are set to last until Monday, with one in four trains due to be cancelled today and over the weekend, with floods expected to drench the city tonight.
But French officials will be hoping all will be forgotten when Lady Gaga takes to the stage again to perform with Celine Dion during the four-hour ceremony which is set to be watched by more than a billion people.
Lady Gaga is expected to perform with Celine Dion whom she previously said was one of the few women who supported her

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group