Hollywood just keeps greenlighting follow-ups to comedies from the 2000s, including the recent Mean Girls musical remake, the upcoming Legally Blonde prequel series, and of course, The Bear, which is basically just a more stressful, pest-free Ratatouille.
But what about The House Bunny? You know, the 2008 Anna Faris vehicle about a Playboy model who is kicked out of the Playboy Mansion under false pretenses, and ends up becoming the House Mother to a college sorority. Hijinks ensue, obviously.
The House Bunny, has accrued something of a cult following over the years, thanks in no small part to its supporting cast, which features future stars like Emma Stone and Kat Dennings. So are there any plans to make The House Bunny: Legacy? Or The House Bunny 2049?
While promoting her new movie My Spy: The Eternal City, Faris discussed this very topic in an interview, and revealed that she has some bold ideas for a House Bunny sequel that would take her character, Shelley Darlingson, in an entirely new direction.
Faris has claimed in the past that she would happily make a follow-up to The House Bunny, and suggested that it could be about Shelley working as a country singer.
But that idea seems to have changed pretty drastically. “I always dream (of returning to the role of Shelley),” Faris recently told The Hollywood Reporter. “For a while, I was like, Shelley should be a bad country singer, and then I was thinking, ‘No, she should be a CIA interrogator.’”
This wasn’t a joke, Faris has good reason for suggesting that the ex-Playboy Bunny should become a government agent in the next, entirely hypothetical movie. “Her skill is disarming people because she is perceived, and she is, as so open and nonjudgmental,” Faris explained. “So I was imagining Shelley saying, ‘Oh, what do I do for work? I’m a CIA interrogator.’ Let’s write a script. I would love that.”
The original was produced by Adam Sandler’s company Happy Madison. So now that Sandler is clearly amenable to the prospect of sequelizing old comedies, the idea of another House Bunny movie doesn’t seem at all far-fetched.
Faris also expressed just how much the character of Shelley has meant to her over the years, revealing that the role was actually somewhat therapeutic. “I loved playing a character who was not competitive with other people, and who was really wonderful,” Faris stated. “That made me want to lead my life with compliments. It felt like kind of a way to combat jealous feelings.”
While fans would no doubt be thrilled to see Faris return to the role, it’s unclear whether or not anybody wants a House Bunny sequel in which the titular character spends her days waterboarding detainees and/or helping to overthrow democratically-elected foreign governments. 
You (yes, you) should follow JM on Twitter (if it still exists by the time you’re reading this).