By MILLY VEITCH FOR MAILONLINE and KIRSTEN MURRAY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:35, 1 September 2024   |  Updated:  13:44, 1 September 2024   
 298
View  comments
Despite being marketed towards children, many kids films and TV shows have had a long tradition of sneaking in references aimed for their more adult viewers.
One of the things that comes with growing older is starting to catch on to the more outrageous or X-rated jokes, that once would have been missed.
As people look back on their favourite movies and series from their youth, many have begun to understand quips that previously went over their heads.
And some have even wondered how the scandalous jokes made it to air in the first place, without being censored.
MailOnline has looked back on some of the most memorable adult-only references - how many did you spot?
Beloved animated series, SpongeBob SquarePants, is known for crossing the line with its more cheeky jokes.
One of the most X-rated came in the episode Gary Takes A Bath, when SpongeBob is trying to convince a reluctant Gary the Snail to get in the bath.
Trying to trick him, he pretends that the tub is a treasure chest and pulls out two bars of soap as 'doubloons',
But as he hands over the soap, he quips: 'Don’t drop 'em!’ with a wink, in a clear reference to the classic prison warning.
Despite many not cottoning on to the meaning of the joke, the allusion got the episode banned in the UK and Australia.
One of the most X-rated came in the episode Gary Takes A Bath, when SpongeBob is trying to convince a reluctant Gary the Snail to get in the bath
But as he hands over the soap, he quips: 'Don’t drop 'em!’ with a wink, in a clear reference to the classic prison warning
The classic 90s series Rugrats contained several easy-to-miss adult jokes, but one more blatant one saw Grandpa Lou renting some movies for the babies.
He then shows that he has also got himself a video tape, which can be seen to called 'Lonely Space Vixens’. 
Adding even more outrage to the risque quip, Grandpa Lou then says: 'That’s for after you go to bed'.   
The classic 90s series Rugrats contained several easy-to-miss adult jokes, but one more blatant one saw Grandpa Lou renting some movies for the babies
The second sequel of the beloved Disney film Aladdin, came in 1996, with stars Scott Weinger and Robin Williams returning to voice the iconic characters in Aladdin and The King Of Thieves.
But one naughty joke that many have admitted went over the heads the first time was by the late comedic legend, Robin, as the Genie, right at the start.
The film begins with the wedding of Aladdin and Princess Jasmine being interrupted by the Forty Thieves, who cause a stampede and earthquake.
As the ground begins to shake, the Genie wittily says: ‘I thought the Earth wasn’t supposed to move until the honeymoon.’
The film begins with the wedding of Aladdin and Princess Jasmine being interrupted by the Forty Thieves, who cause a stampede and earthquake
As the ground begins to shake, the Genie wittily says: ‘I thought the Earth wasn’t supposed to move until the honeymoon'
The Powerpuff Girls followed the adventures of Blossom, Bubbles and Buttercup in helping fight crime.
The three superheroes were famously created by Professor Utonium in an attempt to create the 'perfect little girl' using a mixture of 'sugar, spice, and everything nice'.
In one episode, Bubbles explains her origins to their new neighbor Robin, saying they had been made in a lab by accident.
But in a subtle but hilarious joke, Robin then assures: 'Don't worry, Professor, I was an accident, too.'
In one episode, Bubbles explains her origins to their new neighbor Robin, saying they had been made in a lab by accident
But in a subtle but hilarious joke, Robin then assures: 'Don't worry, Professor, I was an accident, too'
The Flintstones dates all the way back to the 1960s, following the Flintstones family in the Stone Age.
In one episode Fred Flintstone and neighbour Barney Rubble head to a costume shop, discussing what they should get.
The famously short Barney says he wants a costume that will make him look tall, as Fred jokes that he should get another head.
However, in a very X-rated response, Barney replied: 'What do I need *three* of them for?!'
In one episode Fred Flintstone and neighbour Barney Rubble head to a costume shop, and the famously short Barney says he wants a costume that will make him look tall, as Fred jokes that he should get another head
The 1995 classic Toy Story had one adult joke hidden in plain sight, but was still missed by many including Cardi B.
The sadistic Sid Phillips is known for torturing and destroying toys, and then mixing the pieces back together to make new creations.
One such hybrid toy, Legs, is made of a fishing rod attached to Barbie legs, which serves as a double entendre to mean 'hooker'. 
Rapper Cardi revealed even she had missed this reference and upon discovering the joke a few years ago, tweeted her amazement, writing: 'OMMMMGGGGGGGGG !!!! This the greatest knowledge ever!!!'
The 1995 classic Toy Story had one adult joke hidden in plain sight, but was still missed by many including Cardi B (pictured in March)
One such hybrid toy, Legs, is made of a fishing rod attached to Barbie legs, which serves as a double entendre to mean 'hooker'
Rapper Cardi revealed even she had missed this reference and upon discovering the joke a few years ago, tweeted her amazement, writing: 'OMMMMGGGGGGGGG !!!! This the greatest knowledge ever!!!'
The first Cars film in 2006 pushed lots of boundaries with its adult content, but one of its favourite jokes about adult viewers was after Lightning McQueen reveals that Doc Hudson was a racing car.
Trying to explain to the other cars, he explains that Hudson had previously won three Piston Cups.
However, in a witty innuendo Mater hilariously spits out his oil and asks: 'He did what in his cup?'
The first Cars film in 2006 pushed lots of boundaries with its adult content, but one of its favourite jokes about adult viewers was after Lightning McQueen reveals that Doc Hudson was a racing car
Trying to explain to the other cars, he explains that Hudson had previously won three Piston Cups
However, in a witty innuendo Mater hilariously spits out his oil and asks: 'He did what in his cup?'
Spongebob struck again with the risque jokes in 2003 when another episode was taken off streaming services for not being deemed 'kid appropriate'. 
In the episode Mid Life Crustacean, Spongebob, Patrick and Mr Krabs launch a 'panty raid' as they embark on a night of fun antics across Bikini Bottom.
As the trio break into a girl's house to steal her underwear, things take a slight turn for the worse as they discover they have in fact broken into Mr Krabs' mother's house, and have taken her underwear. 
What really does the trick for Mr Krabs is going on the panty raid, where the trio break into a girl's house and steal her underwear, only for things to go wrong as they discover the home they've broken into belongs to Mr Krabs' mother.
Spongebob struck again with the risque jokes in 2003 when another episode was taken off streaming services for not being deemed 'kid appropriate' after the gang went on a 'panty raid'
The Flash is known for his 'super fast' speed, however in the episode Injustice For All from back in 2002, Hawkgirl threw some serious shade on the superhero. 
After stopping a fire, The Flash brags about his skills as he quips: 'And I had those flames out before the firemen even stepped off the trucks'. 
As Hawkgirl replies: 'That's fast,' he adds: 'fastest man alive,' as she quickly hits back: 'which might explain why you can't get a date.'
Realising the true meaning of her insult, he shot back: 'Hey! What's that supposed to mean?'
The Flash is known for his 'super fast' speed, however in the episode Injustice For All from back in 2002, Hawkgirl threw some serious shade on the superhero
Looney Tunes 'Playduck' magazine 
Producers managed to slip some dirty reading into Looney Tunes as Daffy enjoyed some adult reading. 
While Daffy sat peacefully enjoying his copy of Playduck magazine, he was soon interrupted by Bugs Bunny snatching the copy out of his hand. 
Looking disgruntled at Daffy, it wasn't long before Bugs Bunny became interested in the publication and also enjoyed a read. 
The magazine also featured an advert for cigarettes on the back.
Producers managed to slip some dirty reading into Looney Tunes as Daffy enjoyed some adult reading
The Fairly OddParents towed the line as Timmy rushes off to his room with a roll of toilet paper.
He exclaims: 'I am just gonna take these paper towels up to my room alone, so don't bother me'. 
Meanwhile his parents are watching a TV show with Dr Bill who informs viewers that the signs of bad parenting are if a child says 'I'm busy' a lot and stays in their room for a long period of time and is using paper towels.  
The Fairly OddParents towed the line as Timmy rushes off to his room with a roll of toilet paper

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group