Ana Castro, head chef, and Lydia Castro, director of operations, co-own 'Acamaya,' a new seafood and mariscos restaurant in the Bywater neighborhood of New Orleans.Emily Topping
It’s less than 24 hours before chef Ana Castro’s solo restaurant debut, and a swarm of contractors are gathered in the kitchen at Acamaya, resetting a tiny section of pastel pink tile.
The first time around, they’d laser-cut the outlet holes to be slightly off-center. Now, after some adjusting, the positioning is perfect — or at least intentional, like every other detail of the restaurant.
“I notice everything, but that’s just cause I’m a psycho,” Castro says with a hearty laugh.
The highly-accoladed chef has taken into account every last minutia of the space.
Acamaya's plates, like the tuna tostada, are designed to be shared. "It’s a food that is joyful," Castro says. "Mexican food is alive and truly shines in the presence of people."Emily Topping
Since closing Lengua Madre, the high-end tasting menu restaurant in the Lower Garden District, under which Castro earned a James Beard award nomination for “Best Chef,” she’s been working to develop a spot that feels closer to home. 
Now, alongside her sister and co-owner Lydia, it’s finally arrived.
Diners at the newly-opened Acamaya sit at the bar, sharing plates and cocktails.Emily Topping
Acamaya’s vibe can be described as part Los Angeles and a whole lot Mexico City, the sisters’ home town: “It’s still moody and sexy, but this spot is definitely more of a party. Like, we’re playing Bad Bunny and we’re having fun,” Castro says. “The food itself is also bold. Bolder, spicier, more acid.”
The restaurant’s vibrant interior is nearly as fun as its coastal cuisine, with a menu split into two sections of hot and cold Mexican “mariscos,” a broad Spanish term for seafood or shellfish.
A far departure from the pre-fixe dinners of Lengua Madre, Acamaya’s menu consists of small plates made for sharing. Chilled crab claws are spooned into a bright salsa verde, marinated with a pop of lime and charred candy peppers, while the heirloom tomato salad — a simple ode to the South’s finest summer vegetable — is topped with crunchy toasted grasshoppers called chapulines. 
Juicy crab claws are served under a spoonful of salsa verde.Emily Topping
The flank steak is cooked medium rare, served with a thick salsa burracha, corn tortillas and charred leeks.Emily Topping
The arroz negro, a sautéed black rice made crispy with olive oil then emulsified in chicken stock, is cooked with “huitlacoche,” an earthy fungus also known as corn smut. Castro flies the obscure ingredient in from Los Angeles. “That’s a labor of love because we have to drive to the airport to the Delta Cargo Bay twice a week to get it,” she says.
Then there’s Castro’s “shrimp guy,” who exclusively delivers between 5:00 and 6:30 a.m., at which hour the bleary-eyed chef meets him outside in her pajamas.
Make no mistake, however: Castro relishes the grind.
“There’s nowhere in the world that I would rather be than inside of that kitchen, cooking with my team, and just trying to open a goddamn world-class restaurant in a city that I deeply love,” she says.
Three layers of tomatoes - sliced, layered with roasted cherry tomatoes, then mixed with a pulp confit - make up the seasonal salad.Emily Topping
Creating the right atmosphere for the restaurant has required thoughtful planning, in addition to long hours.
In the softly glowing space, square-cut stone borders each booth (inspired by architect Luis Barragán), while a geometric breeze wall separates the dining room and bar (shaped with congruent triangles to mirror the “A” letters in the restaurant’s name).
In the kitchen, each stone-washed plate for the trout is custom-sized to fit the fish from head to tail. 
Acamaya's chefs work in an open kitchen, designed to blend seamlessly into the dining room.Emily Topping
“We’ve been patiently waiting for the plates for six months to be made and shipped. We found them in Oaxaca: me, my sister, my sous chef, and my CDC,” Castro says. 
The restaurant’s debut has been emotional for Castro for many reasons, not least of all because of the loyalty of her team.
Most of Acamaya’s staff transferred from Lengua Madre, holding down odd jobs for the last six months while waiting for the restaurant to open. Throughout it all, Castro’s right-hand man and director of operations, her younger sister Lydia, has kept her sane.
“She’s literally my best friend and no one has my best interests at heart more than her. Her story is mine too, and mine is hers,” Castro says. “Like, Lydia Castro is the love of my life.”
While developing the business plan, several advisors counseled the siblings to sign an operating agreement: a doomsday-scenario slip of paper, signed, lawyered and notarized, that outlines a plan if it all falls apart. 
But Castro wouldn’t hear it. The way the chef operates, this restaurant is all or nothing. If she can’t make it work with her sister, she says, she doesn’t deserve to have a restaurant at all.
“For me, fuck an award. Doing this with the people I love, having their respect, that is my award,” she says.
Of course, the public’s recognition doesn’t hurt either.
When opening weekend finally arrives, the restaurant is bustling. Lydia greets guests at the door and leads them to their tables, while her sister stands at the head of the open kitchen, deftly stacking tickets and glancing across each finished dish. 
At the bar, a steady stream of guests orders plate after plate of seafood. 
They laugh as they crack open crab claws, elbows leaning on the perfectly symmetrical pink tile.
Acamaya is located at 3070 Dauphine St, New Orleans, and is open Thursday through Monday from 5 to 9:30 p.m. Walk-ins are welcome, or reservations can be made online. 
A post shared by ACAMAYA (@acamayanola)
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices