search
Widow of Norman Lear buys house with theater and office to facilitate multiple projects
SHARE THIS ARTICLE
FONT SIZE
Emmy-nominated filmmaker Lyn Lear nabbed a secluded pad in Los Angeles’ Hollywood Hills, paying $24 million for the contemporary estate.  
Property records show a trust tied to Lear, widow of the late screenwriter and television producer Norman Lear, bought the home in an off-market deal that closed earlier this month.  
The seller is an LLC tied to EPIQ Capital Group, according to property and state records. The San Francisco-based firm serves as a financial advisor to family offices. It launched in 2018 to serve clients with a net worth of more than $100 million.
Westside Estate Agency’s Kurt Rappaport represented the seller. Carolwood Estates’ Cooper Mount and Westside Estate Agency’s Jonas Heller represented the buyer.
The five-bed, nine-bath home totals 10,300 square feet. The property boasts plenty of privacy, set behind gates and large hedges.
Highlights include a theater, wine cellar, gym and an office consisting of reclaimed French oak.
The workspace should come in handy for Lear, who wears several hats. Her film credits this year alone include executive producer on the documentary series “The Man Will Burn,” “True Believer” and “Mrs. Robinson.” She was a producer on “Narcissist Playbook.” 
She also sits on several boards, including as a trustee of the Sundance Institute Board of Directors, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art board and the Norman Lear Center at USC Annenberg’s School for Communication and Journalism.  
Elsewhere in the Hollywood Hills this year, Ariana Grande sold her nearly 1,600-square-foot cottage at 9300 Flicker Way to Bad Bunny (née Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio) for $8.3 million in January. Among the area’s listings is the $35 million ask of Henrik Fisker, founder of bankrupt electric vehicle maker Fisker, for his 11,800-square-foot home at 1305 Collingwood Place. The contemporary home went on the market in June.
All rights reserved © 2025 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc.