By MILLY VEITCH FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  13:07, 7 May 2024   |  Updated:  15:50, 8 May 2024   
 8
View  comments
Elle Fanning stepped out in another dazzling outfit after she headed back to The Mark Hotel on Monday night to change for the Met Gala after parties being held across New York City.
The actress, 26, donned a glamorous strappy gown encrusted entirely with silver sequins and adorned with subtle flowers and leaves.
Her dazzling dress also boasted a daringly high slit to showcase her long legs and clear high heels. 
Elle added even more sparkle to her ensemble with a glittery clutch and dangling diamond earrings.
She opted for simple makeup to allow her natural beauty to shine through as she was joined by her boyfriend Gus Wenner to party with the world's biggest stars.
Elle Fanning stepped out in another dazzling outfit after she headed back to The Mark Hotel on Monday night to change for the Met Gala after parties being held across New York City
The actress, 26, donned a glamorous strappy gown encrusted entirely with silver sequins and adorned with subtle flowers and leaves
Her dazzling dress also boasted a daringly high slit to showcase her long legs and clear high heels and she added even more sparkle to her ensemble with a glittery clutch and dangling diamond earrings
The Great star had earlier appeared in an ethereal Balmain look at the night's biggest fashion event, held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Elle's sculptural gown was designed to look like it was made of glass, with two three-dimensional birds coming off her shoulders.
The dress appeared to be a reference to the crystal flower vase in the J.G. Ballard 1962 short story called The Garden of Time - which was the dress theme of this year's Met Gala. 
Elle looked loved-up with her CEO of Rolling Stone boyfriend, 34, who wore a classic black tuxedo and bow tie.
The couple have been dating since early November, making their red carpet debut at the Golden Globe Awards in January.
Gus is the son of Jane Schindelheim and Jann Wenner, who co-founded Rolling Stone magazine. 
Other stars in attendance at the Met Gala included Kim Kardashian, who sent shockwaves as she flaunted her astonishingly small waist in a silver custom Maison Margiela gown by John Galliano.
Her sister Kylie Jenner kept it simple and chic in a rose-water colored strapless gown by Oscar de la Renta, paired with a rose in her hair. 
She opted for simple makeup to allow her natural beauty to shine through as she was joined by her boyfriend Gus Wenner to party with the world's biggest stars
The Great star had earlier appeared in an ethereal Balmain look at the night's biggest fashion event, held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Elle's sculptural gown was designed to look like it was made of glass, with two three-dimensional birds coming off her shoulders
Jennifer Lopez posed up a storm on the steps in a dazzling in a sparkling see-through bejeweled ensemble.
Fellow co-chair Zendaya made a statement in a blue and green custom Maison Margiela by John Galliano gown, featuring branch and fruit accents. 
Zendaya slipped on a second look for the Met Gala - a 1996 black Givenchy by John Galliano gown - with an 2007 Alexander McQueen floral hat. 
The Costume Institute's spring exhibition falls on the first Monday in May every year and is held at New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art.
This year the event was titled Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion while the dress code was The Garden of Time.
Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth were this year's co-chairs. Also on the committee is Vogue's Anna Wintour.
The honorary chairs for the evening were Loewe creative director Jonathan Anderson and TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew.
'This year's co-chairs reflect a variety of career achievements, and all have distinct style histories with the Met Gala,' Vogue shared.
Elle looked loved-up with her CEO of Rolling Stone boyfriend, 34, who wore a classic black tuxedo and bow tie
The couple have been dating since early November, making their red carpet debut at the Golden Globe Awards in January
The showcase features approximately 250 items drawn from The Costume Institute's permanent collection — with many of the pieces too fragile to ever be worn again.
The pieces will all be displayed using elements such as AI, GCI, and more while playing up themes of land, sea and sky. 
'It is very much an ode to nature and the emotional poetics of fashion,' said Andrew Bolton, Wendy Yu Curator in Charge of The Costume Institute, of the upcoming exhibition. 
'One thing I hope this show will activate is that sensorial appreciation of fashion.'
Stars in attendance on the night included Kim Kardashian, Kylie Jenner, Cardi B and Emily Ratajkowski.
Gwendoline Christie, La La Anthony and Ashley Graham hosted while YouTuber Emma Chamberlain was on hand to interview stars on the red carpet. 
Last year's gala honored late designer Karl Lagerfeld. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group