Doja Cat, Tyler, the Creator and Lana Del Rey have been announced as headliners at this year's Coachella.
The festival will run across two weekends in April in Indio, California.
Also on the line-up are Skepta, Raye, Flo and BBC Sound of 2024 winners The Last Dinner Party.
Not known only for being one of the biggest music festivals in the world, Coachella has also become famous for being attended by influencers. 
Music fans will have the chance to see the first performance from Gwen Stefani's No Doubt in almost ten years.
They posted on Instagram that they would see fans "in the desert".
Girlband Flo said on X "FLOCHELLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA", while The Last Dinner Party wrote: "United States we just can't keep our paws off you".
The indie band announced the news with a post showing a video group chat of everyone in the group, which finished with everyone agreeing they should do a performance. 
There will also be sets from Canadian Punjabi artists AP Dhillon and rapper Nav, as well as Indian Carnatic musician Sid Sriram. 
It follows the success of Diljit Dosanjh being the first Punjabi artist to perform at Coachella last year, with the festival being praised for its South Asian representation. 
DJ Yusuf Suavé from RepresentAsian describes it as "a huge achievement" for AP Dhillon to be on the line-up, something he deserves.
In 2023, the Brown Munde hitmaker had eight tracks which peaked on the Official Charts Company UK Asian and Punjabi charts.
Bristol-based promoter Yusuf, whose platform looks to promote South Asians in the industry, tells BBC Newsbeat he wants to see more artists on festival line-ups.
"The UK festival scene has a long way to go too. It's [important] to book more acts to show that it's just not a box ticking exercise," he says.
BBC Asian Network's Chart Show host Nayha Ahmad says she's looking forward to hearing AP Dhillon, but Sid Sriram performing at Coachella also gives "South Indian music a platform".
"South Indian representation is needed and [people] need to see what it's all about."
Nayha was at Coachella last year, and says watching Diljit Dosanjh, Ali Sethi and Joy Crookes perform were particular highlights.
"In that really small tent, and it was just packed with people just supporting their culture," she said. 
The 2023 festival ran into problems with its headliners.
Last year's edition was headlined by Bad Bunny, Frank Ocean and Blackpink, but Frank Ocean pulled out of headlining the second weekend and was replaced by Blink-182. 
His first performance was widely regarded as chaotic, with representatives for the US star saying a leg injury had prompted last-minute changes to his show.
Coachella will take place on 12-14 April and 19-21 April.
Lana Del Rey is set to headline the Friday slots, Tyler, The Creator will be playing the Saturdays and Doja Cat is topping the Sunday shows.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 weekdays - or listen back here.
Lady Gaga fans attend a massive concert on Copacabana beach, paid for by Rio de Janeiro city to help boost the economy.
The US singer says she feels "bruised" after weeks of online backlash - what's sparked the change?
Ellie Wood is competing in Hull's International Choir Competition this weekend.
Joao Nunes wants as many people as possible to enjoy Portuguese culture during the four-day event.
BBC News NI speaks to students in west Belfast about whether their views on the rap trio Kneecap have changed.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.