By NOVA M BAJAMONTI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:25, 6 February 2024   |  Updated:  13:59, 9 February 2024   
 12
View  comments
Singer Jojo Siwa has admitted that she had no idea that all her music had been deleted from TikTok when Universal Music removed millions of hits from the app after failing to reach a new licensing agreement. 
The former Dance Moms star, 20, took to the video-sharing platform to share her shock at the discovery.
She was quickly flooded with support from her 45.5 million followers who discussed the dramatic removal of Jojo's tracks.
It comes after it was announced that millions of songs would be removed from the platform after Universal Music Group revealed that its agreement had not been renewed.
Singer Jojo Siwa has admitted that she had no idea that all her music had been deleted from TikTok 
In the clip, which has so far been viewed more than 11.4 million times, a dressed-down Jojo spoke directly to camera.
She asked: 'Is it bad that I didn't even know my music was deleted off of TikTok today?'
But the reality star appeared to be taking the change in her stride as she offered that her 2016 hit song Boomerang was 'still going strong.'
'That's my only song that wasn't through Nickelodeon but all my other s**t is gone,' she concluded.
Jojo uploaded the clip alongside a caption that simply read: 'Rip.'
The post was quickly flooded with comments from viewers - many of whom were unaware of the star's singing credentials.
'Am I the only one that just found out Jojo does music?' one person asked.
Another added: 'You make music?? How am I finding out like this?' 
'Is it sad I had no idea she had more songs than Boomerang,' a third questioned. 
The former Dance Moms star, 20, took to the video-sharing platform to share her shock at the discovery
She was quickly flooded with support from her 45.5 million followers who discussed the dramatic removal of Jojo's tracks
But others kept a more positive mindset as one wrote: 'As long as Boomerang is safe.' 
'Boomerang was top tier though,' another said. 
Someone else added: 'Boomerang was always strong. I'm an adult and jam to that on that daily.' 
Other followers even commented on the update concerning Universal Music Group (UMG).
One person wrote: 'Shouldn't it be the artist's choice on whether or not their music is removed, considering this whole thing is about artist payment.' 
Another person said: 'Sadly it was not just you. Happened to many other popular music artists and I don't know how TikTok's gonna be the same without all this music.'
'The fact that Universal (and its other labels) appear to have not even told their artists that their music was going to be removed,' another person added.
The post was quickly flooded with comments from viewers - many of whom were unaware of the star's singing credentials 
UMG had been pressing TikTok for appropriate artist and songwriter compensations in their contract renewal discussions, among other things, it said in a letter addressed to its artist and songwriter community.
In its note, UMG accused TikTok of 'trying to build a music-based business, without paying fair value for the music.'
UMG said TikTok proposed paying artists and songwriters at a rate that is a 'fraction of the rate' that similarly situated major social platforms pay.
In response, TikTok said: 'It is sad and disappointing that Universal Music Group has put their own greed above the interests of their artists and songwriters.
'Despite Universal's false narrative and rhetoric, the fact is they have chosen to walk away from the powerful support of a platform with well over a billion users that serves as a free promotional and discovery vehicle for their talent.
'TikTok has been able to reach "artist-first" agreements with every other label and publisher.
'Clearly, Universal's self-serving actions are not in the best interests of artists, songwriters and fans.'
And, after failing to reach a deal, the decision was made by UMG to pull the music created by its artists from the platform.
Artists besides Jojo to be impacted include Taylor Swift, Bad Bunny and Drake.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group