By LILY JOBSON FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  23:48, 24 June 2024   |  Updated:  10:49, 25 June 2024   
 175
View  comments
Kendall Jenner and her on-off boyfriend Bad Bunny enjoyed a romantic night out at La Girafe restaurant in Paris after attending  PFW event together on Monday night.
The rapper, 30, who recently rekindled his romance with the supermodel and reality star, placed his hand on her lower back as they left with beaming smiles.
The supermodel, 28, left closely by Bad Bunny's side as the pair also held hands amid mounting speculation that they have rekindled their romance.
It was the second time in two days that Kendall and Bad Bunny have crossed paths after they worked at the Vogue World Paris event on Sunday. 
The two dated in 2023 then split for a brief period before they are believed to have got back together in May - when they were spied side-by-side at a Met Gala party.
Kendall Jenner and her on-off boyfriend Bad Bunny enjoyed a romantic night out at La Girafe restaurant in Paris after attending PFW event together on Monday night
The supermodel, 28, left closely by Bad Bunny's side as the pair also held hands amid mounting speculation that they have rekindled their romance
The couple, who recently rekindled their romance, looked cosier than ever on their night out
Kendall could be seen reaching back for Bad Bunny's hand as they left the restaurant 
According to insiders, Kendall and Bad Bunny split in December 'but these days seem better than ever'.
A source told Entertainment Tonight in the spring that 'there is definitely still a vibe between' the former couple. 
'Kendall and Bad Bunny are still in contact and spend time together when they can,' the insider revealed. 
'There's a strong connection between them whenever they're together and they have the same chemistry that they've always had.' 
In mid-December, it was reported that Kendall and Bad Bunny, born Benito Martinez Ocasio, split after almost a year together.
Just weeks after their breakup, the exes rang in the New Year together with mutual friends in Barbados.
'Kendall and Bad Bunny aren't petty and no drastic break up happened. You'll see them together again and again, will it lead to them getting back together romantically or a friends with benefits, those options are on the table but right now nothing is official between the two,' a source told DailyMail.com, at the time.
A source told People that the duo are 'no longer a couple,' giving no details as to why.
The model and the rapper ensured all eyes were on them on their date night
The supermodel couldn't wipe the smile off her face as she left closely by dapper Bad Bunny's side
Kendall and Bad Bunny crossed paths for a second time as they worked at the Vogue World Paris event on Sunday 
The two dated last year then split for a brief period before they got back together in May 2023 when they were spied side-by-side at a Met Gala party (pictured in May 2023)
According to insiders, Kendall and Bad Bunny split in December 'but these days seem better than ever'
A source told Entertainment Tonight in the spring that 'there is definitely still a vibe between' the former couple
'Kendall and Bad Bunny are still in contact and spend time together when they can,' the insider revealed
They added: 'There's a strong connection between them whenever they're together and they have the same chemistry that they've always had'
Kendall looked incredible in a navy strapless dress with a sheer hemline 
Bad Bunny was dressed in an all black look with a leather glove and sunglasses 
Kendall attempted to shield her face from the cameras as she departed the restaurant 
Prior to their split, Kendall and Bad Bunny were last pictured together on October 29 while at breakfast in Beverly Hills, one day after they attended a Halloween bash together, per TMZ.
That sighting came after they attended an afterparty for Saturday Night Live in New York City on October 22.
Kendall and Bad Bunny first sparked rumors of a romance in February 2023, after they were seen out together on what appeared to be a double date with Justin and Hailey Bieber at Wally's in Beverly Hills.
At the time, a source at People said: 'Kendall recently started hanging out with him. They were introduced by friends. He moved to LA a few weeks ago and bought a home.'
'She likes him and is having fun. He is different from guys that she dated in the past. He is very charming,' the insider said.
Soon after, the couple were seen going horseback riding together in early April, cuddled up on a horse. They were seen on a horse at the Hidden Hills Equestrian Center in LA.
Earlier in the evening, Kendall flashed her sideboob in her backless ensemble as she was seen arriving at the event solo.
Kendall displayed her slim frame in the elegant ensemble and flashed her legs through the semi-sheer skirt detailing.
The  pair were surrounded by onlookers as they left the restaurant 
Kendall accentuated her natural beauty with a light palette of makeup 
Earlier in the evening, Kendall flashed her sideboob in her backless ensemble as she was seen arriving at the event solo 
The supermodel displayed her slim frame in the elegant ensemble and flashed her legs through the semi-sheer skirt detailing
Kendall teamed her look with silver dangling earrings and held a simplistic black clutch bag
She looked effortlessly stylish in her glamorous dress as she was seen exiting her private car
The TV star elevated her frame with stylish strappy heels
Kendall styled her brunette locks into a ponytail for the evening
Meanwhile, fellow model Shanina Shaik, 33, put on a leggy display in a little black dress as she was also seen departing a PFW event
The Australian beauty showcased her exceptionally toned figure in the tiny black number, adorned with a ruffled hem
Stella Maxwell looked sensational in a black off the shoulder dress with matching tights as she attended the Kendall Jenner & FWRD Cocktail event
Cindy Bruna showcased her toned midriff in a white cropped jacket and matching mini skirt 
Shanina styled her brunette locks into an updo and also wore a pair of datrk earrings 
She looked effortlessly stylish in her glamorous dress as she was seen exiting her private car.
Kendall teamed her look with silver dangling earrings and held a simplistic black clutch bag. 
Meanwhile, fellow model Shanina Shaik, 33, put on a leggy display in a little black dress as she was also seen departing a PFW event. 
The Australian beauty showcased her exceptionally toned figure in the tiny black number, adorned with a ruffled hem.
She elevated her frame with chic court heels and displayed her flawless skin with a natural swipe of makeup. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group