On Feb. 20, Fuerza Regida announced their 2024 ‘Pero No Te Enamores Tour,’ which consisted solely of concerts in Mexico.
Now, less than two months later, the popular sierreño group has added a North American leg to their tour that will take them to 30 arenas all over the U.S. from June through November.
Toward the end of the nationwide run, Jesús Ortíz Paz, Khrystian Ramos, Samuel Jaimez, José “Pelón” García, and Moisés López will make one New York stop when they drop into Belmont Park’s UBS Arena on Sunday, Aug. 4.
Late last year, Fuerza Regida released the critically acclaimed album “Pa las Baby’s y Belikeada;” this February, their EP “Dolido Pero no Arrepentido,” hit shelves.
Therefore, if you caught the lively quintet on their 2023 ‘Otra Peda Tour,’ it’s certainly possible you’ll be treated to a whole new set of songs — as well as some old favorites — on the upcoming jaunt.
Can’t wait to see Fuerza Regida perform their massive stable of hits live this year? 
As of today, tickets for all U.S. ‘Pero No Te Enamores Tour’ dates can be yours.
Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, April 12, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found here:
While we don’t have a set list from Fuerza Regida’s 2023 tour, here’s what they played at a March 2022 concert, courtesy of Set List FM:
01.) “El Muchacho Alegre / Ando Bien Pedo”02.) “Me Acostumbre A Lo Bueno”03.) “Radicamos En South Central”04.) “Los Mire Con Talento”05.) “Ya Se Fue Manuel”06.) “Sigo Chambeando”07.) “El Dinero Los Cambio”08.) “Gente Del Flaco”09.) “Cosas De La Clica” (Herencia de Patrones cover)10.) “Fume Uno”11.) “Vida Mafiosa” (Pop Unknown cover)12.) “Mi Gusto Es” (Chalino Sánchez cover)13.) “Lo Vieron Pasar”14.) “Descansando”15.) “Se Acabo”16.) “Disculpe Usted”17.) “Cita con Un Invento”18.) “EL WALKS”19.) “Sangre Michoacana”20.) “El Muchacho Alegre”21.) “La Sierra Negra”22.) “Mi Nueva Familia”23.) “Se Divisan”24.) “Que Esta Pasando”25.) “Los Mire Con Talento”26.) “Me Acostumbre a lo Bueno”
27.) “En Modesto Se La Pasa”28.) “Chingas A tu Madre”29.) “Para Mis Viejos”30.) “Te Hira Mejor Sin Mi”31.) “Quien Es Usted”32.) “Que Tal Se Siente”33.) “El Muchacho Alegre / Me Acostumbre A Lo Bueno”
These past few months, Fuerza Regida has stayed quite busy.
As noted above, they dropped the 30-song (!) “Pa las Baby’s y Belikeada” back in October 2023.
Just four months later, the prolific group unleashed the six-song EP “Dolido Pero no Arrepentido” on fans.
If that isn’t enough Fuerza Regida for you, they also put out the single “Money Edition” with Edén Muñoz in March.
Trying to keep up?
You can find the band’s vast discography — including singles, remixes and EPs — here.
Not gonna lie, we’re pretty stoked for this year’s slate of upcoming concerts.
In fact, there are dozens we want to see.
To keep things simple, we whittled down our list and found five of the tours we’re most excited about that might be coming to a city near you these next few months.
• Aventura
• Bad Bunny
• Peso Pluma
• Xavi
• Feid
Need even more music in your life? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 here to find the show for you.