The model even wore merch from his Most Wanted Tour
Kendall Jenner reconciled with ex Bad Bunny—or at least with his music—on Friday night.
Less than two weeks after the former couple was spotted snuggling up at a Met Gala after-party, the model was seen letting loose at the rapper and singer’s concert in Orlando, Florida. In a video posted on X (the social platform formerly known as Twitter), Jenner can be seen nodding her head and dancing as the Puerto Rican artist performed.
Jenner attempted to blend in with the crowd by wearing merch from Bunny’s Most Wanted Tour, throwing on an oversize brown sweatshirt and pulling the hood over her long hair. She carried a black purse and swayed from side to side as she watched the show from the VIP section.
Though Jenner and Bunny split in late 2023, the two have been seen together multiple times in the past few weeks. Their latest sighting comes after a source told Entertainment Tonight “there is definitely still a vibe between” the former lovers. “Kendall and Bad Bunny are still in contact and spend time together when they can,” the insider said. “There’s a strong connection between them whenever they’re together, and they have the same chemistry that they’ve always had.”
Most recently, the two were seen leaving the same hotel after engaging in PDA at a Met Gala after-party hosted by model Emily Ratajkowski. They each exited New York’s Greenwich Hotel—separately—the morning after tat reunion.
The two called off their relationship last year, citing their busy and often conflicting schedules. “They both knew going into this that it likely wouldn’t be a forever type of relationship, and that was mutually understood from the get-go,” a source for Entertainment Tonight explained. “They have crazy busy schedules and know they’re still young and have a lot more to experience individually before settling down.”
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.