Hate when that happens. 
You know that feeling when you’re at the Paris Olympics fully minding your business and then your famous ex wanders in and accidentally gets in all your photos? Cool, yeah,  Kendall Jenner and Devin Booker can relate.
The exes both showed up to watch the  women’s gymnastics all-around final at the 2024 Paris Olympics on Thursday, which, yeah, was slightly awkward. Even more awkward? Since they were sitting on opposite sides of the stadium, they were unintentionally in each other's pics/videos from the event.
Quick relationship timeline reminder (or dive into the full history ^ right up there ^): Kendall and Devin broke up in October 2022. But then they rekindled things after Kendall’s initial breakup with Bad Bunny. In February 2024, TMZ reported that Kendall and Devin were “rekindling their relationship” but “taking things slow” and weren’t “exclusive.”
Then Entertainment Tonight spoke to a source who said the pair was “trying to figure things out” and “actively speaking and seeing one another.” They also added that “Kendall and Devin have always had a thing for each other and care about each other. Kendall's family is supportive and like Devin for her. They appreciate that he has always treated her with the utmost respect.”
How-ev-er (!!!), apparently things fizzled between the celebs because in May, Kendall and Bad Bunny were seen rekindling their vibe at a Met Gala after-party and have seemingly (?) been going strong since.
What Actually Happens at the Met Gala Inside?
JoJo Siwa Explains That Cryptic 48 Hour Comment
Florence Pugh's ‘Thunderbolts*’ Premiere Look 
Kate Middleton Glows as She Marks Major Milestone
Nicola Coughlan’s Dress Is Taller Than Her
Kendall Jenner Shows Off Her Posh Style in Paris
Sydey Sweeney Spotted With Brandon Sklenar
These Celebs Are Banned (!!) From the Met Gala
The Most Awkward Met Gala Moments of All Time
So, There’s Apparently a Met Gala Curse
All the Celebs at Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour
‘Wuthering Heights’ Defends Casting Jacob Elordi
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.