Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
Users can now learn when they can look back at their yearly listening habits 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
It’s already that time of year for Spotify to release its special “Wrapped” feature, which provides users with personalized analytics of their music listening habits from the past year.
Spotify has issued a statement telling users to make sure their app is updated to ensure they are getting the full Wrapped experience.
The music streaming service first released Spotify Wrapped in 2016. The statistics provide music fans with their top listened-to artists, albums, songs, podcasts and more to share with their friends.
And it’s finally out with users able to access their year in review from today.
For those interested in participating in the viral hype, you must be a Spotify subscriber. The feature will likely pop up automatically when you open the app. However, if it doesn’t, you can go to Spotify’s website or check out the “home” section of the app and Spotify Wrapped should be there.
There has previously been some confusion about whether music listened to beyond October is included in Wrapped’s data. In October 2023, Spotify confirmed on X that music listened to beyond 31 October does indeed count.
Last year’s top five listened-to tracks globally were Miley Cyrus’s “Flowers”, SZA’s “Kill Bill”, Harry Styles’s “As It Was”, Jung Kook’s “Seven (feat Latto) (Explicit ver)” and Peso Pluma and Eslabon Armado’s “Ella Baila Sola”.
Taylor Swift overtook Bad Bunny’s as this year’s top listened-to artist with more than 26.1 billion global streams. The reggaeton superstar came in second, followed by The Weeknd, Drake and Peso Pluma.
Bad Bunny’s Un Verano Sin Ti album, however, took the top spot as the most-listened-to album of 2023, while Swift’s Midnights came in second.
As for podcasts, Joe Rogan’s The Joe Rogan Experience was the global favourite, and YouTuber Alex Cooper’s Call Her Daddy podcast landed as number two.
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in