Reconciliation rumors between Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny are heating up.
The 818 founder – who was spotted at the “Monaco” rapper’s concert over the weekend – reportedly spends time with her ex-boyfriend “when they can,” a source told “Entertainment Tonight.” 
“There’s a strong connection between them whenever they’re together and they have the same chemistry that they’ve always had.” 
“They’re having fun for now, but are hoping to figure things out in a way that makes sense,” the insider continued. “They’re not necessarily back together or an exclusive item, but there is definitely still a vibe between them.” 
The source furthered that there is no “pressure” between the duo to put a label on their relationship and they “appreciate that they can enjoy space” when they want.
“It’s casual, easy and comfortable between them,” the source concluded.
Jenner, 28, and Bunny, 30, first sparked reconciliation rumors when they were spotted getting flirty at a Met Gala afterparty in New York City on May 6. 
“They were at the same table, laughing and flirting,” an eyewitness told us. “She was rubbing his head.” 
The former couple – who split mid-December 2023 after about 10 months of dating – were seen cuddling together on a couch, though they didn’t kiss, the source added. 
The “Kardashian” star further fueled the chatter as she was spotted dancing at the Puerto Rican rapper’s Orlando, Fla., concert Friday night.
In the viral clip, Jenner kept a low profile, covering herself with an oversized hoodie. 
She and Bunny (real name: Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio) previously reconnected while vacationing in Barbados with a group of friends for New Year’s.
However, the reality star reportedly rekindled her romance with ex Devin Booker the following month.
Per TMZ, the Victoria’s Secret model and the Phoenix Suns star, who dated from spring 2020 to summer 2022, spent a lot of time together throughout the month of February. 
At the time, sources told the outlet that Jenner was spotted in Dallas, Texas, the same week the NBA star had an away game against the Mavericks.
Booker was also seen hanging out in the same Super Bowl suite as Jenner and her famous sisters Kim Kardashian and Khloé Kardashian on Feb. 11.
Advertisement