Shakira extends her No. 1 record among women on Latin Airplay.

													By
												

	Pamela Bustios

Sr. Charts & Data Analyst (Latin & Billboard Español)

Shakira and Grupo Frontera celebrate a dual win on Billboard’s Latin Airplay and Regional Mexican Airplay charts as “(Entre Paréntesis),” their first collaborative single, crowns both lists dated May 18. The track is Shakira’s second regional Mexican pair-up, and her first to rule both charts simultaneously.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Grupo Frontera		
					






















	
		
					Shakira		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	On Latin Airplay, “(Entre Paréntesis)” jumps 2-1 to top the overall Latin radio list despite a 3% dip in audience impressions, to 9.63 million, on U.S. reporting radio stations during the May 3-9 tracking week, according to Luminate.

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	With the ascension, Shakira adds her record-extending 23rd No. 1 on Latin Airplay among women in the chart’s almost 30-year history. Here’s an updated list of the female artists with the most No. 1s on Latin Airplay which launched in 1994 (overall, J Balvin continues at the lead overall, with 36 No. 1s):

	23, Shakira17, Karol G11, Gloria10, Jennifer López10, Natti Natasha7, Rosalía6, Becky G

	Grupo Frontera, meanwhile, captures its third champ, after “Bebe Dame,” with Fuerza Regida, for one week atop in 2023 and “Un X100to,” with Bad Bunny, with a six-week domination in 2023.

	“(Entre Paréntesis)” is the ninth single off Shakira’s 12th studio album Las Mujeres Ya No Lloran, released March 22. The set made a splash across Billboard’s charts, including a No. 1 start on Top Latin Albums and Latin Pop Albums, and a top 10 debut on Top Album Sales and Vinyl Albums charts (dated April 6).

	“(Entre Paréntesis)” is the second regional Mexican song to concurrently top Latin Airplay and Regional Mexican Airplay. Previous “Por El Contrario,” by Becky G with siblings Leonardo and Angela Aguilar, topped both rankings for one week on the chart dated March 9.

	Over on Regional Mexican Airplay, “(Paréntesis)” takes the lead (rising 2-1) with 7.32 million audience impressions, down 4% across regional Mexican stations. The move earns Shakira a first No. 1 on the tally, after “El Jefe,” with Fuerza Regida, took her to a No. 9 high in Nov. 2023. The Edinburg, Texas band picks up its ninth No. 1, and enters a tie with Banda MS de Sergio Lizarraga and Grupo Firme for the third-most No. 1s this decade.

All charts (dated May 18, 2024) will update on Billboard.com tomorrow, May 14. For all chart news, you can follow @billboard and @billboardcharts on both X, formerly known as Twitter, and Instagram.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.