Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The actress is set to star in the Netflix sequel, which sees Adam Sandler return to his golfing ways.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

Margaret Qualley said she “can die happy now” after landing a role in Happy Gilmore 2; however, her husband, Jack Antonoff, had to tell a little fib about her golfing experience to help get her the part.

	During a recent appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, the actress called the original 1996 comedy starring Adam Sandler her “favorite movie” and its star her “first crush.” So when she learned about Netflix‘s upcoming sequel, she was determined to do anything to appear in it.



	“I saw that there was gonna to be a Happy Gilmore 2 and I emailed my agents right away and I said, ‘Anything it takes — no part is too small. Please. I gotta be a part of this, I’m begging you. Please. Whatever it takes,’” Qualley recalled.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					Julia Garner Eyes FTX Limited Series at Netflix, Higher Ground Producing		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					'Little House on the Prairie' Remake Casts More Ingalls Family Members		
			








	Host Jimmy Fallon then proceeded to show a text message conversation between Antonoff and Sandler, in which the Murder Mystery 2 star asked, “Does your wife golf at all?” The Bleachers frontman replied, “Yeah she’s actually good.”

	However, that wasn’t necessarily the truth.

	“What a good husband. And I can’t golf,” Qualley admitted. “He lied for the sake of the family.… I never golfed a day in my life. I’m terrible, actually.”

The Substance actress noted that she “took some lessons, but mostly, I’m still bad.”

	Qualley added that the Happy Gilmore 2 role was “the best thing that’s ever happened to me,” even though it’s a “tiny part.” She continued, “I’m essentially deep background, but I can die happy now.”

	The Kyle Newacheck-directed movie, which began production in New Jersey earlier this month, not only sees Sandler return, but also Julie Bowen and Christopher McDonald are reprising their roles for the sequel. Travis Kelce and Bad Bunny are also set to make appearances.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.