From Hollywood to New York and everywhere in between, see what your favorite stars are up to 
Alexandra Schonfeld is a features writer at PEOPLE. She has been working at PEOPLE since April 2022. Her work previously appeared in Newsweek.
Zoey Lyttle is a Society & Culture Writer-Reporter at PEOPLE. She covers influencers and viral, trending content across society and culture verticals and has been working at PEOPLE since July 2022.
 Stars have been everywhere this week, from Selena Gomez out and about in New York City, to Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson celebrating his skincare brand in Dallas. In New York City, Penn Badgley is in the middle of filming the upcoming fifth and final season of You. 

 Here, the best photos of celebs out and about this week. Come back tomorrow for more of the latest A-list outings!

Gotham/GC Images
 Selena Gomez makes an elegant appearance in SoHo in New York City on March 29.

Rick Kern/Getty
 Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson beams as he celebrates his skincare brand PAPATUI arriving at Target on March 29 in Dallas.

Jose Perez / SplashNews.com
 Penn Badgley looks focused as he films the fifth season of You in New York City on March 29.

Albert L. Ortega/Shutterstock
 Christian Slater poses with his portrait by author Tony Diterlizzi at "The Spiderwick Chronicles" panel at WonderCon on March 29 in Anaheim, California.

Gotham/GC Images
 Couple Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez look business ready while carrying matching laptops during a visit in N.Y.C. on March 29.

Gotham/GC Images
 Joey King sports an elegant look while out and about in the East Village in N.Y.C. on March 30.

Rachpoot/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images)
 Julia Fox turns heads in a full neon look with bright yellow lipstick to match on March 29 while out and about in Los Angeles.

The Hollywood Curtain/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Sofía Vergara and beau Justin Saliman enjoy a romantic evening out together at Giorgio Baldi restaurant on March 29 in Los Angeles.

TheImageDirect.com
 Jojo Siwa flashes a smile as she arrives at Studio Siwa in Los Angeles on March 29.

London Entertainment/Shutterstock
 Tyga plays ball during the Los Angeles Dodgers vs. St. Louis Cardinals game at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles on March 29.

Rick Davis / SplashNews
 Rebel Wilson opts for hot pink for a March 29 appearance on The Kelly Clarkson Show as she continues promoting her book in New York City.

Caroline McCredie
 Zendaya looks sporty chic at the Sydney, Australia premiere of Challengers this week.

Daniel DeSlover/Shutterstock
 Bad Bunny hits the stage at the United Center in Chicago, Illinois as part of his Most Wanted Tour on March 28.

Jose Perez/SplashNews
 Amanda Seyfried holds on to a Starbucks cup on the set of Long Bright River on March 29 in New York City.

Lloyd Bishop/NBC via Getty
 Liam Neeson takes his seat for an appearance on Late Night with Seth Meyers on March 28 in New York City.

Rob Latour/Shutterstock
 Nick Cannon and Dominic Choi lend a hand at the Los Angeles Mission to serve Easter meals on March 29 in L.A.

Rob Latour/Shutterstock
 Corey Feldman and his son Zen Scott Feldman were also on hand to help in L.A. on March 29.

TheImageDirect.com
 Camila Cabello steps out in a black and white outfit, complete with knee-high boots on March 28 in L.A.

Amy Ryerson
 Pasha Pashkov, Daniella Karagach, Gleb Savchenko, Brandon Armstrong, Emma Slater, Alan Bersten, Harry Jowsey, Rylee Arnold and Britt Stewart pose together at Hollywood Pantages Theatre for a stop of the Dancing With The Stars Live tour on March 26.

Steve Jennings/Getty
 Keyshia Cole takes the stage in a body suit at the Oakland Arena on March 28.

Can Nguyen/Shutterstock
 James Norton keeps warm in a long coat and scarf at the press night for Opening Night on March 26 at the Gielgud Theatre in London.

Bruce Glikas/WireImage
 Whoopi Goldberg shows off her Playbill as she attends a 10 year anniversary celebration for Aladdin on Broadway at The New Amsterdam Theatre in New York City on March 28.

Elder Ordonez / SplashNews
 Kelly Bensimon heads out on a bike ride in Miami on March 29.

BIC EasyRinse
 Ariana Madix sits down with BIC Boy for a segment of the Unclogged Era podcast in New York City this week.

JLN Photography/Shutterstock
 Jon Bon Jovi catches a match between Alexander Zverev and Fabian Marozsan during the 2024 Miami Open at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida.

Jamie McCarthy/Getty 
 Gabrielle Union flashes a big smile while celebrating her new role as Knix global brand ambassador at a dinner in New York City on March 28.

Brian Prahl/SplashNews
 Rob Lowe is very expressive following the Los Angeles Dodgers' season opener on March 28 in L.A.

SplashNews
 Camila Cabello steps out for a night out with friends at the Nice Guy in L.A. on March 28.

Paras Griffin/Getty
 CeeLo Green hits the stage in red during the halftime show at State Farm Arena as the Boston Celtics take on the Atlanta Hawks on March 28 in Atlanta, Georgia. 

Gotham/GC Images
 Joey King steps out in a suited look for an appearance in New York City on March 28.

Chris Millard/Warner Bros
 Jenna Dewan shows off her growing baby bump during a visit to The Jennifer Hudson Show in New York City this week.

JOCE/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Heidi Klum enjoys the California sun as she arrives to America's Got Talent on March 28 in Pasadena, California. 

Gotham/GC Images
 Logan Lerman braves the rainy New York City weather for an appearance on March 28.

Rachpoot/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Julia Fox wears a cheeky sweatshirt for her travel day look at Los Angeles International Airport on March 28.

CraSH/Shutterstock
 Storm Reid celebrates the grand opening of the USC School of Dramatic Arts Drama Center on March 28 in L.A.

Chelsea Lauren/Shutterstock
 Nikki Reed and Ian Somerhalder show off their drinks at the launch of The Absorption Company on March 28 in L.A.

Paras Griffin/Getty
 Quavo takes his seat courtside at State Farm Arena for a game between the Boston Celtics and the Atlanta Hawks on March 28.

Lloyd Bishop/NBC via Getty
 Sheryl Crow hits the stage with her guitar during a performance on Late Night with Seth Meyers on March 28.

Emma McIntyre/Getty
 Smokey Robinson and Martha Reeves pose together during an appearance at SiriusXM Studios on March 28 in L.A.

Todd Owyoung/NBC via Getty
 Zoe Saldaña opts for an olive green ensemble as she stops by The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on March 28 in N.Y.C.

Gotham/GC Images
 Tom Holland wears his shirt unbuttoned as he steps out in New York City on March 28.

JOCE/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Howie Mandel sports a colorful ensemble as he arrives at America's Got Talent on March 28 in Pasadena.

Jose Perez/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Donnie Wahlberg and Marisa Ramirez have some fun on the set of Blue Bloods in New York City on March 28. a

Emma McIntyre/Getty
 Camila Cabello sits down for a chat at SiriusXM Studios in Los Angeles on March 28.

TheImageDirect.com
 Joey King and husband Steven Piet share smiles and sips while out in New York City on March 28.

Frazer Harrison/Getty
 Ayesha Curry hits the red carpet at day two of The Voices of Beauty Summit at California Market Center on March 28 in L.A.

Andrew H. Walker/Shutterstock
 Jonathan Groff, Lindsay Mendez and Daniel Radcliffe of Merrily We Roll Along talk about their musical with MTV's Josh Horowitz (not pictured) at N.Y.C.'s 92NY on March 28.

TheImageDirect.com
 Zoe Saldaña and husband Marco Perego step out of CBS Studios on March 28 in N.Y.C.

Cindy Ord/Getty
 Michaela Jae Rodriguez and Maya Rudolph talk up their series Loot during a SiriusXM Town Hall on March 27 in N.Y.C.

Sandals Resorts
 Former Bachelorette Michelle Young and boyfriend Jack Leius kick back on their spring break vacation to Sandals Grenada.

Raymond Hall/GC Images
 Kerry Condon covers up en route to Good Morning America in New York City on March 28.

Dave Benett/Getty
 Anya Taylor-Joy and husband Malcolm McRae attend a gala performance of Cabaret at the Kit Kat Club in London on March 28.

Ricky Vigil M / Justin E Palmer/GC Images
 Also at the performance: Bridgerton's Simone Ashley, who stands out in her yellow jacket.

Raymond Hall/GC Images
 Eiza Gonzalez goes chic for a visit to CBS Studio in New York City on March 28.

WavyPeter / SplashNews
 Gigi Hadid keeps it monochromatic during a night out in New York City on March 27.

Nathan Congleton/NBC via Gett
 Giancarlo Esposito pays a visit to Today on March 28 in N.Y.C.

Erika Goldring/Getty
 CeeLo Green walks the red carpet at the 2024 BMI Trailblazers of Gospel Music Awards on March 28 in Atlanta.

The Hollywood Curtain/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Lady Gaga sports a leather look for an outing to Giorgio Baldi in L.A. on March 27, ahead of her birthday.

Samir Hussein/WireImage
 Queen Camilla holds a colorful bouquet and wears a fur hat following The Royal Maundy Service at Worcester Cathedral in Worcester, England, on March 28.

Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty
 Tracy Morgan and Whoopi Goldberg pose together at the Garden of Laughs comedy benefit at The Theater at Madison Square Garden on Wednesday night in New York City.

MSG Entertainment
 Jon Stewart steps out for the Garden of Laughs comedy benefit at The Theater at Madison Square Garden on March 27 in New York City.

Todd Owyoung/NBC via Getty
 Jerry Seinfeld and Jimmy Fallon step into disguises during a segment on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon on March 27 in New York City.

Jose Perez/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Amanda Seyfried hits the streets for a dog walk on the set of Long Bright River in New York City on March 27.

Stefanie Keenan/The Hollywood Reporter via Getty
 Cardi B shows off her floral back tattoo atTHR's Power Stylists celebration at Sunset Tower Hotel in L.A. on March 27.

Stefanie Keenan/The Hollywood Reporter via Getty
 Glen Powell and Demi Moore are all dressed up at THR's Power Stylists event on March 27 at Sunset Tower Hotel in L.A.

Stefanie Keenan/The Hollywood Reporter via Getty
 Hunter Schafer shares a sweet moment with Awkwafina at THR's Power Stylists event on March 27 at Sunset Tower Hotel in L.A.

Raymond Hall/GC Images
 Zoe Saldaña steps out for a night in New York City on March 28.

Gotham/GC Images
 Logan Lerman opts for a navy blue corduroy suit for an outing in New York City on March 28.

Nina Westervelt/Variety via Getty
 Kyra Sedgwick and Lou Diamond Phillips attend the 44th annual New York Women in Film and Television Muse Awards at Cipriani 42nd Street in New York City on March 27.

Gotham/GC Images
 Joey King sports a grey mini dress while out and about in New York City on March 27.

Jose Perez/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Marisa Ramirez and Donnie Wahlberg are ready for their close-ups on the set of Blue Bloods in New York City on March 27.

TheImageDirect.com
 Andrea Riseborough stops by ABC studios for an appearance on Live with Kelly and Mark on March 27 in New York City.

Alexander Tamargo/Getty
 Camila Mendes and Rudy Mancuso celebrate the premiere of their film Música with some dancers during the premiere after party at Rooftop Cinema Club South Beach on March 27 in Miami Beach, Florida.

Sergione Infuso/Corbis via Getty
 Jason Derulo hits the stage in a studded leather jacket at Mediolanum Forum on March 27 in Milan, Italy.

Sara Jaye/Getty
 Paige DeSorbo and Craig Conover show off some of Panera's new menu items on March 27 in New York City.

Lloyd Bishop/NBC via Getty
 Kristen Stewart and Seth Meyers are pictured in a fit of giggles while shooting the "Day Drinking" segment of his show on March 26.

Jorge Meza for Hollywood Unlocked
 Cardi B is the picture of perfection as she smiles big while arriving at the Hollywood Cares Foundation dinner on March 26.

TheImageDirect.com
 Kyra Sedgwick is jovial as she exits The View studios in New York City on March 27.

Jose Perez/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Penn Badgley is airborne on the set of You in New York City on March 27.

James Shaw/Shutterstock
 Gillian Anderson and Billie Piper share in a hilarious moment at the March 27 premiere of their film, Scoop, in London.

Jorge Meza for Hollywood Unlocked
 Gigi Gorgeous, Paris Hilton and Tiffany Haddish smile big as they attend the Hollywood Cares Foundation dinner on March 26.

Jorge Meza for Hollywood Unlocked
 Jason Lee and Rihanna wear shimmering ensembles at the Hollywood Cares Foundation dinner on March 26.

Frazer Harrison/Getty
 John Legend looks pristine as he speaks on stage at The Voices of Beauty Summit at California Market Center on March 27 in L.A.

Alan Chapman/Dave Benett/Getty
 Michael Jackson's kids Prince, Paris and Bigi (formerly known as Blanket) Jackson attend the press night performance of MJ: The Musical at the Prince Edward Theatre on March 27 in London. 

ROBYN BECK/AFP via Getty
 Martha Reeves is flanked by Motown legends William "Mickey" Stevenson, Smokey Robinson, Berry Gordy and Stevie Wonder as she receives a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on March 27 in Hollywood.

Michael Tullberg/Getty
 Sutton Stracke is all smiles while on the Jeff Lewis Live radio show at SiriusXM Studios on March 27 in Los Angeles.

Amanda Edwards/Getty
 Trixie Mattel attends The Ambies: The Podcast Academy's Fourth Annual Awards for Excellence in Audio on March 26 in L.A.

David Benthal/BFA.com
 Mindy Cohn, Kristen Wiig, Josh Lucas, Abe Sylvia, Leslie Bibb pose for a pic at a special screening of Apple TV+'s Palm Royale at N.Y.C.'s Crosby Street Hotel.

305pics/GC Images
 Vas J Morgan and Chantel Jeffries are seen hanging out in the streets of Miami on March 27.

Shane Anthony Sinclair/Getty 
 Costars Lucy Boynton and Justin H. Min seem happy to be attending the special screening of their film The Greatest Hits at the Ham Yard Hotel in London on March 27.

Santi / SplashNews
 Mel B channels her inner Catwoman in a body-hugging one-piece while In New York City on March 27.

Phillip Faraone/Getty 
 Mookie Betts attends the "L.A. Dodgers' Mookie Betts Makes Shortstop" event at Raising Cane's in Alhambra, California, on March 27.

SplashNews
 Harry Styles steps out for some fresh air in a bomber jacket, a baseball cap and dark sunglasses on March 26 in London.

Craig T Fruchtman/Getty
 Shakira has some fun with her long hair onstage as she performs in Times Square on March 26 in New York City.

Raymond Hall/GC Images
 Drew Barrymore flashes a grin while stopping by CBS Studios on March 27 in New York City.

Chris Jackson - Pool/Getty
 Queen Camilla leaves her mark on the visitor's book at the Old Market Hall on March 27 in Shrewsbury, England.

Raymond Hall/GC Images
 Gigi Hadid rocks a fluffy pink coat while on the set for a Maybelline shoot in New York City on March 26.

Michael Simon, Courtesy of e.l.f. Cosmetics x Liquid Death
 Julia Fox steps out for a dog walk in New York City sporting some dramatic makeup, part of the e.l.f. Cosmetics x Liquid Death Collection on March 27.

Pichichipixx/SplashNews
 Machine Gun Kelly shows off his new body art at Anitta's birthday party in Miami on March 26.

Pichichipixx/SplashNews
 Also on the guest list Tuesday night, Diplo stepped out for Anitta's birhday celebration.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)