By BRITTANY CHAIN FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:40, 11 September 2024   |  Updated:  15:01, 12 September 2024   
 8
View  comments
Million Dollar Wheels star RD Whittington has been arrested for fraud, TMZ reports.
The publication alleged the car dealer to the stars was arrested on Tuesday afternoon by Beverly Hills cops.
He was allegedly caught on an out-of-state warrant from Nevada.
The publication states Whittington was wanted on two felony charges; the first being theft between $5,000 and $25,000 and the second being draw or pass check with intent to defraud.
Million Dollar Wheels star RD Whittington has been arrested for fraud, TMZ reports
Whittington is considered the car dealer to the stars. Some of his clients include Kim Kardashian , Kanye West, Jamie Foxx , Travis Barker and Bad Bunny
The second charge relates to a check with a value of $1,200 or greater.
It is understood Whittington has since been released from custody, and that Nevada declined to extradite him to face the charges.
Whittington is considered the car dealer to the stars. Some of his clients include Kim Kardashian, Kanye West, Jamie Foxx, Travis Barker and Bad Bunny.
His Discovery Plus reality show, Million Dollar Wheels, often had celebrity guest appearances where they flashed the cash to purchase a new set of wheels.
The company, called Wires Only, has also serviced the likes of music artists Kodak Black, J Balvin, and Future. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group