Zendaya serves as a 2024 Met Gala co-chair.

							By 

	Jessica Bennett

News Editor

	As a 2024 Met Gala co-chair, Zendaya was expected to bring it to this year’s soiree, and she did not disappoint. 

	The Challengers star, 27, arrived to the biggest night in fashion in a custom, blue and green Maison Margiela gown by John Galliano, featuring elements of nature — such as a resting hummingbird on her left clavicle — matching the evening’s theme of “The Garden of Time” for it’s “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion” exhibit. Her eye makeup grabbed attention with its harsh and high-end application, contrasting the softness of the overall look. One stand-out moment also comes from an eye-catching headpiece that Zendaya sells with her undeniable red carpet charisma. 

	The look, of course, was styled by Law Roach. 











	Tonight’s appearance makes Zendaya’s sixth at the annual fundraiser, as the night raises millions of dollars for the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s fashion wing. 

	Zendaya and her fellow co-chairs Jennifer Lopez, 54, Chris Hemsworth, 40, and Bad Bunny, 30, attended a pre-gala dinner Sunday evening in New York City, famously thrown at Vogue Editor-In-Chief Anna Wintour’s home. She also wore Galliano this night, going for a vintage gown from the designer’s fall 1998 collection.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Zendaya To Star In A24's Ronnie Spector Biopic Directed By Barry Jenkins		
			







	Last month, the Dune star spoke of attending the Met after a five-year hiatus, sharing on Live with Kelly and Mark, “Going up the steps is very daunting, and I haven’t been back for maybe four or five years. So this is, like, my first time back at the Met in quite a while.”

	Check out snaps of the look below.

							NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MAY 06: Zendaya attends The 2024 Met Gala Celebrating "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion" at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 06, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue)						

							NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MAY 06: Zendaya attends The 2024 Met Gala Celebrating "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion" at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 06, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images)						

							NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MAY 06: Zendaya attends The 2024 Met Gala Celebrating "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion" at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 06, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images)						

							NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MAY 06: Zendaya attends The 2024 Met Gala Celebrating "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion" at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 06, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue)						

							NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MAY 06: (L-R) Co-Chairs Jennifer Lopez and Zendaya attend The 2024 Met Gala Celebrating "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion" at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 06, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/MG24/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue)						
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.