The Oscars will be held Sunday, March 10, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. The ceremony is set to begin at 7 p.m. EDT - one hour earlier than usual - and be broadcast live on ABC. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)AP
Hollywood’s most glamorous night is upon us and all set to come to life on Sunday, March 10, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles.
The ceremony is set to begin at 7 p.m. ET — one hour earlier than in past years — and will be broadcast live on ABC.
Emmy Award-winning late-night talk show host and producer Jimmy Kimmel will return to host the live show for the fourth time.
According to ABC, that ties him with fellow four-timers Whoopi Goldberg and Jack Lemmon, and leaves Kimmel trailing only Johnny Carson (five), Billy Crystal (nine) and Bob Hope (11) among repeat Oscar hosts.
In an interview with The Associated Press, Kimmel said the upcoming presidential election could be a topic for him, he doesn’t plan to a strike a very political tone.
“It’s not really the focus of the Oscars,” said Kimmel. “It doesn’t mean I won’t have a joke or two about it. But it’s not really my goal to invoke the name of he-who-shall-not-be-named at the Oscars.”
HOW TO STREAM THE 2024 OSCARS ONLINE FOR FREE
If you’re a cord-cutter or don’t have cable, you can watch “The 96th annual Academy Awards” online on any one of the following streaming platforms, and get it for free via a trial offer:
WHAT CHANNEL IS ABC ON?
If you are watching on cable, catch “The 96th Annual Academy Awards” on ABC.
You can find which channel ABC is on by using the channel finders here: Verizon Fios, AT&T U-verse, Comcast Xfinity, Spectrum/Charter, Optimum/Altice, DIRECTV and Dish.
TAKE A SNEAK PEEK
2024 ACADEMY AWARD PERFORMANCES
All the original song nominees will be performed on the show.
That means Ryan Gosling will serenade everyone with Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt’s “Barbie” power ballad “I’m Just Ken” and Billie Eilish will soulfully sing “What Was I Made For,” which she co-wrote with Finneas O’Connell.
The other nominated songs include Diane Warren’s “The Fire Inside,” from “Flamin’ Hot,” to be performed by Becky G, " Jon Batiste and Dan Wilson’s “It Never Went Away” from “American Symphony,” and Scott George’s “Wahzhazhe (A Song for My People)” from “Killers of the Flower Moon.”
WHO’S PRESENTING
Last year’s big acting winners are all coming back to present at the show — a tradition — including Brendan Fraser, Michelle Yeoh, Ke Huy Quan and Jamie Lee Curtis.
Stars from all generations are expected to hand out awards, from Rita Moreno to Bad Bunny, Steven Spielberg, Emily Blunt, Cynthia Erivo, America Ferrera, Sally Field, Ariana Grande, Ben Kingsley, Melissa McCarthy, Issa Rae, Tim Robbins, Mary Steenburgen, Anya Taylor-Joy, Charlize Theron, Christoph Waltz and Forest Whitaker.
Other celebrities set to grace the Dolby stage include “Scarface” co-stars Michelle Pfeiffer and Al Pacino (likely not together), as well as Gosling, Zendaya, Matthew McConaughey, Chris Hemsworth, Dwayne Johnson, Michael Keaton, Regina King, Jennifer Lawrence, Kate McKinnon, John Mulaney, Catherine O’Hara, Octavia Spencer, Jessica Lange, Nicolas Cage, Mahershala Ali, Sam Rockwell, Lupita Nyong’o and Ramy Youssef.
THERE’S MORE
The 10 nominees for best picture are: “American Fiction”; “Anatomy of a Fall”; “Barbie”; “The Holdovers”; “Killers of the Flower Moon”; “Maestro”; “Oppenheimer”; “Past Lives”; “Poor Things”; and “The Zone of Interest.”
Though recent Oscars have been marked by everything from slaps, envelope snafus and controversies over which awards are presented live during the telecast, this year’s show comes in with no big changes. All of the awards are to be broadcast live (though honorary prizes remain separated in the earlier, untelevised Governors Awards ). The academy is adding a new award for best casting, but that trophy won’t be presented until the 2026 Oscars.
Raj Kapoor will serve as show runner and executive producer, with Molly McNearney and Katy Mullan serving as executive producers. Hamish Hamilton is set to direct the telecast.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices