"It's like a symbol of my love," the actress said.
Anna Faris knows long-lasting friendships are rare. To show how much she appreciates her best friend of 24 years, the Scary Movie star surprised her with a major kitchen renovation designed for entertaining. "Amanda is so generous, [especially financially]," Faris said of her BFF during a new episode of Celebrity IOU. "I'm sure she would've spent some of her resources fixing up this home the way she always wanted to, but she prioritizes the people that she loves in a way that very few people do."
Faris worked with design duo Drew and Jonathan Scott to transform the kitchen in Amanda]'s Los Angeles home into an avid host's dream. The original space was small and cramped, making it hard not only to prepare meals but to have multiple people in it. Counter space for food prep was limited, and some cabinet doors had come off their hinges. The range was in bad condition and presented a fire hazard. "The kitchen is the most important element in a house," Faris declared in the episode to drive home the significance of this renovation.
The House Bunny actress and Property Brothers stars got to work to create a functional, open-concept kitchen that Amanda can use for easy entertaining. As home renovations often do, this one came with an unexpected setback: The team discovered an issue with some work that'd been done to the nearby entry and dining area before Amanda moved in and had to take extra steps to bring it up to code. That involved adding insulation, installing new windows, and updating the electrical among other changes, which delayed the project by a week. 
Thankfully, the new kitchen—which was completed in six weeks—now has a working range, ample storage space, and plenty of seating areas for party guests. There's even a hidden, speakeasy-inspired bar behind doors covered in a black-and-white mural. Other highlights include subtle checkerboard flooring, a range hood with a plum-colored Roman clay finish, and dark quartzite countertops."I'm so happy," Faris added after revealing the makeover to her friend. "It's like a symbol of my love."
Love knowing what your favorite stars are up to? Same. Let's keep up with them together.
Follow House Beautiful on Instagram and TikTok.
Joanna Gaines Revealed Her Son’s Surprising Hobby
Martha Stewart Says She Has NEVER Ordered Takeout
Christina Haack and Chris LaRocca Pack on the PDA 
Martha Stewart Flaunts $20,000 Mirror in New Photo
Fans Are DYING For the "Old HGTV" To Come Back
The Obamas' Martha's Vineyard Getaway Hits Market
All of George and Amal Clooney's Homes
Fans Don't Want This "Home Town" Star to Quit
Jonathan & Drew Scott Reveal Their Favorite Hobby
Tarek El Moussa Supports Heather in Shocking Way
Joanna Gaines’s Daughter Is an Intern at Magnolia
'Rock the Block' Fans Are Shook by Latest Winner
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.