May 2 |
												Philip Marcelo, Associated Press											
Almost as soon as Banksy revealed the piece back in 2013, an...
In a moment heavy with symbolism, attorneys retook their Lawyers Oath. A...
The judge halted questioning and sent jurors on a break. Miriam Haley...
Brooklyn-based funeral director Amy Cunningham is leading a new type of...
A jail expert backs the city’s plan to keep Rikers under...
Brooklyn DA Eric Gonzalez on Thursday announced that a Staten Island man...
Harvey Weinstein’s lawyers got their turn to question a woman who...
The 1,040-bed facility is under construction at 275 Atlantic Avenue...
About 400 people, dressed in “elevated Brooklyn chic” per the dress code...
On a Wednesday evening, two dozen New Yorkers gathered outside Rounder’s...
An open letter submitted today to the board of directors of Tony...
A collection of topical political cartoons from various artists curated by the...
At the federal courthouse in Brooklyn a member of 18th Street was...
Brooklyn DA Attorney Eric Gonzalez and the NYC DOI Commissioner Jocelyn E...
“I’m not going to do this," Antetokounmpo insisted in response to...
Hundreds of exuberant Saint Ann’s School students catapulted Brooklyn Heights into...
Entrepreneurs picked the minds of Brooklyn’s best business brains at the...
A RENOVATED five-story townhouse at 38 Garfield Place in Park Slope...
THE LOWER MANHATTAN congestion pricing program raked in $159 million in tolls...
A collection of topical political cartoons from various artists curated by the...
Jason Liriano, the founder and leader of the Route Boys gang, was...
Police are looking for a suspect wanted for injuring and trying to...
Natasha Cloud is hoping to bring even more tenacity to a franchise...
Don’t say Mayor Eric Adams had anything to do with the...
Brooklyn DA Gonzalez announced that Wing Fung Chau was arraigned for first...
A collection of topical political cartoons from various artists curated by the...
Former Congressman George Anthony Devolder Santos was sentenced for committing wire fraud...
Miriam Haley, a former TV and movie production assistant, alleges that the...
If approved, NY would join at least eight states that have enacted...
The New York Liberty have to forget about last year.Even though...
Prosecutors at Sean “Diddy” Combs' federal sex trafficking trial can show jurors...

Sunday, May 4, 2025May 4, 2025 | Clouds, 65° F

Follow
The Brooklyn Daily Eagle and brooklyneagle.com cover Brooklyn 24/7 online and five days a week in print with the motto, “All Brooklyn All the Time.” With a history dating back to 1841, the Eagle is New York City’s only daily devoted exclusively to Brooklyn.
© 2025 Eagle Urban Media