He's as much a fan of small watches as he is small tops
Of all the style topics that have been discussed at Esquire as of late – including our fuzzy cover star's iconic capsule wardrobe – Paul Mescal’s shrinking fits have been at the top of the list.
Throughout the Gladiator II press tour, which has seen him sit on Graham Norton’s red sofa as well as traipse around Sydney for TikTok, the 28-year-old Irish heartthrob has been pulling on some itsy-bitsy button-downs; cardigan/tops that stop at the navel and accentuates his Michelangelo-sculpted biceps. And readers: who can blame him?
But after the London premiere of the film last night, my interest has zeroed in on the tiny horological accompaniment on his wrist. Against the backdrop of a Gucci tux, where the collar was left louchely undone, Mescal had a 1963 Cartier Petit Santos watch poking from underneath his sleeve.
This timepiece has been plucked from the French maison’s archive, a collection which Mescal has dipped into plenty of times before. Previously, he’s donned a 1977 18 karat gold Cartier Gondole from the brand’s vintage watch offering, found in the New Bond Street store. And it seems the rarer pieces have inspired his personal tastes, having worn a vintage square Cartier Incurvee from his own collection on the red carpet.
This particular style has caught my eye for the very reason that it’s not meant to: it's almost too small to spot. In fact, its custom black strap is more striking than the yellow-gold bezel and crown. While Mescal is no stranger to the small watch trend that other celebs like Timothée Chalamet and Bad Bunny have also been pioneering, this piece is notably miniaturised, even more so than the Tank Louis and Cartier de Baignoire he’s previously worn.
Cartier has also copped the constantly growing demand for smaller watches – one that’s gone from A-listers’ wrists to those of regular watch-wearers – announcing the release of the Tank LC Mini, measuring 24mm x 16.5mm, at this year’s Watches and Wonders. 
So what’s the benefit of dialling down the dial? Beyond it being bang on trend, its dinky measurements might even help emphasise the size of your wrist. No bad thing – even if you aren't a Gladiator.
Hublot's New Watch Ambassador is Choupette the Cat
The 58 Best Watches a Man Can Buy In 2025
Panerai's New Watch Comes With Military Training
How Christopher Ward Made Its New 'Loco' Watch
The Watches in The Last Of Us Season Two (So Far)
A Rare Rolex Daytona is Coming to Auction
The Smash-Hit Vacheron Constantin 222 Is Back
Inside Cartier's Royally Impressive New Exhibition
JLC's Latest Atmos Clock Is a Sign of New Times
The Insane Watch Collection of Tim Mancuso
28 Things I Learned at Watches & Wonders
All The New 2025 Rolex Watches Are Here
ESQUIRE, PART OF THE HEARST UK FASHION & BEAUTY NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.