With just a week left in the presidential campaign and the race as tight as it could possibly be, former President Donald Trump was set to host a rally Monday night in Atlanta, while Vice President Kamala Harris was making several stops in Michigan, and many Americans were busy voting early.
In Wilmington, Delaware Monday, President Joe Biden joined the nearly 40 million Americans who have already cast their ballots, and afterward expressed optimism for his vice president's chances.
Reporter: "Do you think you'll win?"
Biden: "I think we will."
The latest CBS News poll shows the race is almost as close nationwide -- 50% Harris, 49% Trump -- as it is in the battleground states -- 50% Harris, 50% Trump.
Harris was touring a semiconductor plant in Saginaw Monday and touting her economic plan.
"My plan includes what we will do to continue to invest in American-based industries, American manufacturing and American workers," Harris told reporters.
Trump was headed to a faith summit in Georgia Monday afternoon, trying to rally the evangelical vote, one day after laying out his closing arguments in New York City's Madison Square Garden.
"We will have the strongest economy, the most secure borders, the safest cities, the most powerful military," Trump said to cheering supporters.
Trump's message, however, has been largely overshadowed by one of the jokes comedian Tony Hinchcliffe told earlier in the rally: "There's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. I think it's called Puerto Rico?"
The Trump campaign issued a statement saying the joke does not reflect the views of the former president but some damage may already be done. Puerto Rican influencer superstar Bad Bunny posted support for Harris, and Puerto Rican communities, in New York and elsewhere, spoke out angrily Monday.
A further read on the impact of the joke could come Tuesday night when Trump holds a rally in Allentown, Pennsylvania, a city whose population is half Latino. Meanwhile, Harris is scheduled to speak at the Ellipse Tuesday evening, the site of Trump's infamous 'Stop the Steal' rally on January 6, 2021.

                  ALL CONTENT COPYRIGHT GRIFFIN MEDIA |
                  FCC Applications |
                  FCC Public File |
                  PUBLIC FILE ASSISTANCE |
                  EEO |
                  Privacy Policy |
                  Media Kit |
                  Terms of Use |
                  Sign Up |
                  Log In