Bad Bunny will perform at the Barclays Center on April 11-13.AP
Tonight is your night to see Bad Bunny, if you haven’t bought tickets yet.
The Puerto Rican singer and rapper is bringing his “Most Wanted Tour” to the Barclays Center in Brooklyn, N.Y. on April 11-13.
Like with Taylor Swift and Olivia Rodrigo’s tours, tickets for Bad Bunny’s North American tour had price tags as high as $800, but prices have finally dropped under $200.
The cheapest ticket available, before fees, for his concert tonight is $136 on Vivid Seats.
With how many fans Bad Bunny has and how desperate they are to see him live, you shouldn’t wait to snatch these up because they won’t last long.
Plus, tickets for his April 12 and 13 concerts at the Barclays Center have dropped under $300.
The cheapest tickets for his April 12 show, before fees, is $215 on Vivid Seats while tickets for the April 13 show are $210 on Vivid Seats.
If you miss out on these tickets, you can find others on StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
TicketCity users can save $15 on orders over $400 using promo code TCITYSAVE15 at checkout.
You can find a full calendar of Bad Bunny’s remaining tour dates are available here.
Bad Bunny is not the only artist heading to Barclays Center this year.
Here is a list of upcoming tours that you won’t want to miss: Chris Brown, Janet Jackson, Russ, Usher and Missy Elliot.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices