By NIC WHITE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:48, 25 August 2024   |  Updated:  00:48, 25 August 2024   
 391
View  comments
A mother who brought her toddler son to Walmart wearing nothing but a diaper in freezing weather got all record of her child neglect conviction erased.
Kambria Gabrielle Darby, 26, was arrested in the car park of the store in Byram, Mississippi, a suburb of Jackson, about 10:30 am on January 17.
The two-year-old boy was still 'freezing and shaking' even after another shopper bought him a long-sleeved shirt and pants and dressed him in the store.
Police put the boy in a warm car and called paramedics to assess him. Child Protective Services later took him away and released him to a relative, along with his two siblings.
Darby was charged with contributing to the neglect or delinquency of a child and booked into Hinds County Detention Center, claiming she was 'done like Jesus was'.
Kambria Gabrielle Darby, 26, was arrested in the car park of a Walmart after bringing her son to the store wearing nothing but a diaper in freezing weather, and charged with neglect
She faced up to six years in jail, but not only escaped with a misdemeanor conviction and light sentence in Byram County Municipal Court, but got the whole case expunged.
Byram Police Chief David Errington said his department received the expungement order, signed by a judge, on April 26 and arrest records were expunged on May 14.
Mississippi law allows a first-time offender to have a misdemeanor conviction removed from all public record, along with all details of the case.
'The effect of such order shall be to restore such person, in the contemplation of the law, to the status he occupied before such arrest,' the statute states.
A non-public record of the crime is retained by the court and prosecutors to show the person has a criminal history, should they be arrested again.
Errington said criminals could apply for an expungement immediately and didn't have to wait for their sentence to be served.
'It's not that common but it does happen under certain circumstances,' he said.
Shocked shoppers confronted a mother who brought her toddler son to Walmart wearing nothing but a diaper in freezing weather. This was after another shopper put a jacket over the boy
Darby (left) simply continued her shopping, tossing groceries into the trolley next to her son - only of which bumped into him
 Felicia Nicole, a Walmart worker who confronted the mother along with other shoppers, said she was fired after five years of service for posting video of the boy online.
'I don't feel sorry for her, she needs to be in jail... she shouldn't have done that to her baby,' she told DailyMail.com about the charges against Darby at the time.
'Walmart doesn't care about their employees! I was only trying to help.'
Temperatures plunged to below 20 degrees that morning as a winter storm swept across the US, but the toddler had no shirt, socks or shoes.
After she was released on bail, Darby wrote an 656-word Facebook post defending herself, claiming she was being 'done like Jesus was'.
Attached to the post were 54 photos of her children that she claimed proved she was a good mother and not 'neglectful' or 'mentally ill'.
They included two of her kids at Walt Disney World, posing with presents under a Christmas tree, and sitting on pumpkins on a farm.
Darby, after being released on bail, wrote an 656-word Facebook post defending herself, attaching 54 photos she claimed proved she wasn't a bad mother
She wrote of this photo: 'A woman dressing up as a cowgirl to match her children for Halloween does not scream neglect!'
Darby, who in the video said police were called about her children twice before, claimed 'I have pics of every meal I've cooked them' as proof of her parenting fitness.'
'This deformation (sic) of character is hurting my heart,' she wrote.
'They did Jesus the same way, he felt sick to his stomach as well; he didn't want to go through it.
'I haven't seen my kids since they were taken away from me by CPS. Last night was my first night eating a few crackers since my kids have been gone.
'I know this too shall pass. I know one day me and my kids will be reunited.'
Darby bragged about taking her children on numerous holidays, buying them designer clothes and enrolling them in competitive sports.
'My kids have been to Disney World, meet Mickey [Mouse] in his office VIP style. They meet Blippi in person VIP style,' she wrote.
'They've been on planes, (was planning to go to the Dominican Republic this year but it's in God's hands now).
'We go on vacations, indoor water parks, my son takes swim lessons, soccer lessons, tumbling, basketball etc etc, for holidays I go ALL out.'
Darby (right) with the father of her children and one of her sons
Among the photos Darby posted were ones of her sons meeting 'Mickey [Mouse] in his office VIP style' on a trip to Disney World
Darby explained her children not only believed in Santa Claus, but also the Easter Bunny and Cupid, and that she took them to carve pumpkins on Halloween. 
'My kids are clean, very clean. Each new pair of shoes that drop they gets them, designer clothes & etc,' she wrote.
'My baby ain't NEVER WORE THE SAME OUTFIT TWICE! 
'Me & his dad was just talking about that "we gone have to give this stuff away not sell it but we giving it away... someone's gonna be blessed".'
'A woman dressing up as a cowgirl to match her children for Halloween does not scream neglect!
'In no way shape or form am I mentally ill nor a neglectful parent, we aren't poor, I'm not a bum neither are my children.'
Darby explained her children not only believed in Santa Claus, but also the Easter Bunny and Cupid, and that she took them to carve pumpkins on Halloween 
Darby said she rarely posted photos of her sons because she was 'protective' of them, but took many photos 'in case somebody ever try to say I'm not a good mom'
Darby said she rarely posted photos of her sons because she was 'protective' of them, but took many photos 'in case somebody ever try to say I'm not a good mom'.
'My village ain't gone play about my 3 & neither do I! Again I can't say everything it's a legal matter but my kids are not a charity case, they are not neglected, and I am not mentally ill! Stop it with the defamation! (sic)' she wrote.
'Keep me in y'all prayers this is above me it's in God's hands it's out of my control.'
The shocking video exposed by DailyMail.com showed Darby clashing with Walmart shoppers who confronted her.
Nicole said before her video began, another shopper draped a black jacket over the boy after Darby refused to get him something to wear.
At one point the toddler visibly shivered with his teeth chattering.
'What's wrong with you?' an older man asked Darby repeatedly as she grabbed shopping for shelves and tossing them in the trolley next to her son.
Darby turned around and told the man to lower his voice, then pushed her trolley away and moved toward Nicole's camera.
Darby was charged with contributing to the neglect or delinquency of a child and booked into Hinds County Detention Center. She faces up to six years in jail if convicted
A second video showed a kind older shopper, a woman on a mobility scooter, dressing the boy in a long-sleeved shirt and pants she bought for him
Nicole and other shoppers said someone should call the cops, but Darby appeared to say police had already been called on her twice before.
'As long as you got hot water, fire extinguisher...' she said, before dramatically pausing.
'When you come in the store fully dressed and your baby's not...' Nicole replied.
'How many kids you got?' Darby shot back, and Nicole said she had one child as the woman turned and pushed her trolley down the frozen food aisle.
A second video showed a kind older shopper, a woman on a mobility scooter, dressing the boy in a long-sleeved shirt and pants she bought for him.
As she dressed the toddler, his mother stood next to the trolley fiddling with her phone. 
As she dressed the toddler, his mother stood next to the trolley fiddling with her phone
Felicia Nicole, a Walmart worker who confronted the mother along with other shoppers, said she was sacked after posting video of the boy online
Nicole later posted an update for her TikTok followers confirming that police were called on the mother.
'Yes, we did call the police. I mean, why wouldn't we? Why wouldn't we?' she said, holding back tears.
'When you see a child that's being neglected, don't have on any clothes, just a diaper, no shoes, no socks, no shirt, no nothing. So why wouldn't we call the police?'
Nicole said Darby asked her if she had a child and she did - but he died.
Behind her in the wall was a photo of a small child lying in a hospital bed with a tube down his throat.
'If my child was living, ain't no way in hell my child would be out there with no clothes on, just a diaper,' she said.
In a reply to a comment on her video she wrote: 'Some people don't need kids! They need to tie her tubes and burn them'.
Nicole later said hours after she posted the original videos, her manager called her demanding she take them down - which she did.
Nicole said in an update that the woman asked her if she had a child and she did - but he died. Behind her in the wall was a photo of a small child lying in a hospital bed with a tube down his throat
Darby's entire 656-word Facebook post defending herself 
'I took it upon myself to record it for the child sake. No I wasn't thinking about the consequences at the time, At that time my main focus was on that innocent poor child, and to get him some help,' she said.
Of her subsequent firing, she added, 'Now I'm jobless because I was only trying to help and save that baby life.'
A GoFundMe fundraiser to pay Nicole's bills while she looks for a new job has amassed almost $4,000 before it was eventually deactivated.
Former Planned Parenthood director Dr. Abby Johnson was one of many viewers horrified by the videos after they were reposted to Twitter.
'It would be impossible for me not to grab that baby and hold him next to my body until he warmed up and stopped shaking. If this woman treats him like this in public, just imagine what is happening to him in private,' she wrote.
'I hope her children are removed and placed into a safe, loving home. So many families would be willing to provide that home for him, including ours.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group