Legendary comedian and “Seinfeld” and “Curb Your Enthusiasm” creator, Larry David, will be coming to Boston, MA as part of his 2024 live tour.
David is hitting the road ahead of the series finale of “Curb Your Enthusiasm” and will discuss the show, Seinfeld and more. The comedian will join a mystery moderator in Washington, D.C., on March 29 at The Anthem, and in Boston on April 1 at the MGM Music Hall at Fenway. 
Tickets for “A Conversation With Larry David” will be available for presale on Wednesday, Jan. 31, with a general sale taking place on Feb. 2 at 10 a.m. ET. Fans can shop for tickets now online using reliable resale ticket vendors such as StubHub and VividSeats. 
*New customers who purchase tickets through VividSeats can get $20 off a $200+ ticket order by using the promo code MassLive20 at checkout.*
As of Wednesday, Jan. 31, the cheapest tickets to the Boston, MA show are $198 on StubHub and $170 on VividSeats.
The final season of “Curb Your Enthusiasm” premieres Feb. 4 on HBO and Max. The series finale airs on April 7. Here is a the full tour schedule with links to purchase tickets:
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices