She nailed this.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

With her record-breaking hits “Espresso” and “Please Please Please,” Sabrina Carpenter is easily one of 2024 VMAs’ most anticipated attendees.
Combined, her two songs are nominated for four awards, including: song of the year, best editing, best art direction, and best direction. Carpenter is also up for best pop, as well as artist of the year, competing against talent like Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande, Bad Bunny, SZA, and Eminem.
Though it’s her first time as a VMAs nominee, the pop star has been churning out red carpet hits at the annual MTV event for years. This year’s look, however, puts all the rest to shame (an extremely difficult feat, if I do say so myself).
Sabrina Carpenter stepped on the MTV VMAS 2024 red carpet on Sept. 11 wearing a glimmering white gown with romantic, vintage details. The corset dress—an archival design by Bob Mackie—featured a scalloped sweetheart neckline and embellishment throughout.
Sabrina Carpenter attends the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards in a white sequin dress.
She played up the old-school glamour with a glossy ombré lip and wore her blonde hair in voluminous curls with a daring side-part. The pop star was the spitting image of Marilyn Monroe.
The singer was the spitting image of late actress Marilyn Monroe.
Though the look felt incredibly Marilyn, it was actually a hand-me-down worn by several over style icons. Madonna wore the look to the 1991 Oscars, pairing it with a matching white fur stole. Her glam likely acted as the blueprint for Carpenter's modern-day take.
Madonna wears Bob Mackie to the 1991 Oscars.
This dress is also from the archives of The Nanny's costume closet, having made an appearance on Fran Drescher in the '90s show.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
This look falls right into Carpenter's aesthetic, as the star has worn white to almost every VMAs appearance she's made. At last year’s award show, Carpenter channeled the aesthetic of a Victoria’s Secret angel, in bedazzled lingerie and gauzy white tulle. Her custom Vera Wang design featured a crystal-encrusted bustier, topped with a draped skirt with a matching train.
Carpenter attended the 2023 VMAs in a white sequin gown.
The year before that, she went retro, tapping into the 1950s glamour she so often embodies. Matching 2022’s black carpet, Carpenter wore a black column dress that featured a rainbow of colorful blooms.
The Rabanne creation was covered entirely in sequins and also utilized several oversized cut-outs for added drama. Her hair, meanwhile, was topped with a black headband and curled into ‘50s-inspired waves.
In 2022, the singer wore sequins and florals.
Carpenter’s first red carpet appearance dates all the way back to 2018, when the then-Disney star made her MTV VMAs debut. She chose a one-shoulder gown for the occasion—also in white—and styled the asymmetrical dress with patent leather nude pumps.
Her first VMAs dress was also white, with an asymmetrical design and thigh slit. 
If red carpet style is counted, Carpenter's a shoe-in for every category.
Kelsey (she/her) is a freelance fashion editor and writer, specializing in e-commerce and fashion news. With more than ten years of experience in digital media, Kelsey has a knack for turning top-performing content into top-selling content. At Marie Claire, she provides witty celeb style commentary, unpacking the style choices of stars like Zoë Kravitz, Dua Lipa, Selena Gomez, and her fashion superhero, Rihanna. When she’s not tracking the personal style of Hollywood’s elite, Kelsey also covers designer collabs and industry news.
Before taking her talents to Marie Claire, Kelsey was the Senior Fashion Editor at Bustle, where she oversaw the site’s fashion coverage and launched a successful luxury handbag series called Secure The Bag. Prior to Bustle, she came from a six-year stint at Seventeen, during which she managed the team’s fashion and beauty verticals and led e-commerce strategy. In her freelance era, Kelsey contributes to publications like InStyle, Cosmopolitan, Glamour, and more. She also offers consulting services and content creation, in addition to writing and editing. Follow @klstieg on Instagram for 'fit pics and travel recommendations.

It set the standard for greener, more responsible ingredients.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


A royal historian and former royal butler weigh in.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


She's taking the subtle approach to method dressing.


Her style is taking a turn toward the demure.


And she chose one of Rihanna's favorite pairs to do it.


She chose an all-leather look to revive the style.


Another thing we have in common? Her Adidas Sambas.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.