Now 
37
 Sun 
64
 Mon 
62
by Colin Roose | News Channel 3
TOPICS:
KALAMAZOO, Mich. — As the candidates make their final pitch to voters, the Latino community is listening, and could be the deciding factor in a tight race.
Their voting power is growing, and the candidates are tailoring their message to the issues that impact them the most.
Maria Van Core was born in America to parents raised in Mexico, saying her parents never cast a ballot and she never even knew she could until she was in her 30s.
Now, as a part of the Labor Council for Latin American Advancement, she wants to give young Latinos the chance she never had.
"I admire families, Latino families that talk to their children, that tell them this is important, this is part of your life, we live here, we have every right to vote too," Van Core said.
Van Core is part of a growing and active Latino population who understands that the 2024 election could come down to their ballot, especially in Michigan.
While it’s commonly believed that immigration is top of mind for the Latino community, Van Core is hearing something different when she knocks on doors.
They’re also concerned about abortion, where our economy is going and what their kids are learning in school.
It’s an opinion echoed by Andrea Olmos of the Centro Multicultural La Familia in Pontiac, who has spent the election season canvassing for the Latino vote.
"Issues like family reunification, worker's rights and equal access to education resonate deeply," Olmos said.
Major music stars like Jennifer Lopez and Bad Bunny have also put their influence to work, both of whom are campaigning for Kamala Harris.
ELECTION 2024:Harris-Walz campaign launches Fortnite map in appeal to young men
Lopez spoke out against a comedian at Donald Trump’s rally, who compared Puerto Rico to "an island of garbage."
Van Core feels the community is responding to their endorsement.
"I like the idea that they're young," Van Core said. "They can communicate with the young folks, and they can reach out and the young people will look at them and listen to them."
But both Van Core and Olmos feel that something even more basic is preventing Latino voters from heading to the polls: the language barrier.
According to Olmos, organizations like hers are committed to making sure crucial information like where and how to vote is available no matter what language is spoken at home.
"Our vote is very important for these presidential elections, the way we are perpetrated will reflect on the results," Olmos said.
More than 35 million Hispanics are eligible to vote right now in the country, and more than a million become eligible every single year, according to Van Core.
Michigan's Election Day is Tuesday, and polls are set to open at 7 a.m.