Billboard's Latin and Español editors offer an analysis of which artists could be in store for a major night.

	Who will win in the Latin categories at the 2024 Grammy Awards?  Every year, Billboard’s Latin and Español teams gather to predict who we think will win in the Latin categories at the ceremony. Our predictions are based not only on our appreciation of the music, but also on our knowledge of the market and the understanding of the voting history of Academy members. Our predictions are not endorsements, but rather educated guesses.

	Leading up to Sunday’s 66th annual Grammy Awards, we’ve gathered our Latin and Billboard Español editorial team and embarked on a lively discussion, with educated guesses based on the marketplace and past voting behavior (not endorsements). Our participants are Leila Cobo, Billboard’s Chief Content Officer, Latin/Español; Jessica Roiz, Billboard‘s assistant editor, Latin; Griselda Flores, Billboard‘s senior editor, Latin; Sigal Ratner-Arias, Billboard Español’s deputy editor; and Isabela Raygoza, Billboard Español’s associate editor.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The Grammy Awards will be held on Sunday, Feb. 4 at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles beginning at 8 p.m. ET on CBS, and will stream live and on-demand on Paramount+. The ceremony will be hosted by Trevor Noah for the fourth consecutive year. 

	Below, our predictions of who should or who will win the Latin categories at the Grammys. Most of these categories are awarded during the Pre-telecast ceremony where more than 80 of the 94 Grammy categories are announced. The Premiere Ceremony, which will begin at 3:30pm ET can be streamed on the Recording Academy’s YouTube channel and on live.GRAMMY.com. 

La Cuarta Hoja, Pablo AlboránBeautiful Humans, Vol. 1, AleMorA Ciegas, Paula ArenasLa Neta, Pedro CapóDon Juan, MalumaX Mí (Vol. 1), Gaby Moreno

SIGAL RATNER-ARIAS: I really like all the albums on this list, and I am having trouble predicting who will win. But I’m bidding on Maluma for Don Juan, an ambitious and eclectic 25-track set spanning different genres, with hot collaborations like “Según Quién” with Carin León, “Luna Llena” with Ryan Castro and “Ojitos Chiquiticos” with Don Omar. It is Maluma’s third Grammy nomination, and the third time may be the charm. By the way, neither of the Latin Grammy winners of the two pop album categories were nominated here (Julieta Venegas for Tu Historia, and Andrés Cepeda for Décimo Cuarto.)

	










GRISELDA FLORES: The album I think should win is Paula Arenas’ A Ciegas. It’s truly a touching and beautifully-produced set. So is Pablo Alborán’s La Cuarta Hoja. I think those two are the strongest contenders in this category. On the other hand, Maluma is a household name so voters may choose him. Although it may not seem fair given that Maluma’s set should perhaps have been nominated in the urban category, not pop because while it’s an eclectic set, it still leans more urban. 

LEILA COBO: It’s hard to imagine that Maluma won’t win here for his Don Juan, especially in the wake of the recent success of his single “Según Quién” alongside Carin León. It’s not just the name recognition, which carries major weight for a Latin act in the Grammys, but also the fact that Don Juan features run of the mill perreo and reggaetón, but also, some solid, thoughtful hits. While the other nominees here are worthy, and four of them — Paula Arenas, Gaby Moreno, Pablo Alborán and Maluma himself — have been previously nominated for this award, the nod will likely go, finally, to the superstar of the group. 

JESSICA ROIZ: Every singer-songwriter in this category is so deserving of the Grammy; however, I would like to see Pedro Capó win it this year. La Neta symbolizes a life-changing moment for Capó, one that he captures in this ultra-personal set, where he navigates emotions of honesty and vulnerability, and belts lyrics about love, happiness, loneliness, life and death. Recorded and produced entirely by him at his house during the pandemic, the Puerto Rican artist notes that the “silence was necessary for me to come back to my roots […] Very personal. It’s a pandemic album, a picture of everything that happened to me in my life,” he previously told Billboard.











ISABELA RAYGOZA: I appreciate the mix of straight Latin pop with more folky sounds in this category, and I would love to see Gaby Moreno take this one. There’s a whimsical quality that harkens back to the Great Latin American songbook on Moreno’s X Mí (Vol. 1), that channels the spirit of Victor Jara, or even Woody Guthrie if we’re thinking bilingual in general. There’s so much poetic depth in songs like “Fronteras” and “Luna de Xelajú” with Oscar Isaac, that also has a haunting quality to it. And that vibrato!

Saturno, Rauw AlejandroMañana Será Bonito, Karol GData, Tainy

S.R.A.: Karol should take this Grammy home with Mañana Será Bonito. It already won the Latin Grammy for best música urbana album and was crowned, more importantly, as album of the year. With a contemporary, eclectic sound and empowering, honest songs like “Provenza,” “Mientras Me Curo del Cora” and “TQG” with Shakira, it should win, and I really hope it does.

G.F.: Karol G’s Mañana Será Bonito should and will win. This is probably the only Latin category with an obvious winner. It’s a history-making set that was not only commercially and critically successful, having already won album of the year at the Latin Grammys, it was a groundbreaking album for Karol and Latin music in general becoming the first-ever Spanish-language album by a woman to top the Billboard 200. I have no doubt Karol will take this award home. 

L.C.: Karol G already won this very category at the Latin Grammys, in addition to album of the year. That pedigree, alongside Mañana being hands down one of the best albums of the year, should clinch Karol G’s win, even in the face of daunting competition from Rauw Alejandro and hitmaker producer Tainy. Among the three contenders, only Karol G delivered not one, but a handful of global hits, including “TQG,” her top 10 Hot 100 smash alongside Shakira. The fact that Karol G is a woman and would be the first woman to snag this win, is a bonus, but should not for one second take away from the fact that this set is a tour de force.

	










I.R.: Uff, I have to say that these three albums are all fire, and it’s definitely a hard one to choose, because the three albums transcend the “música urbana” category.  I think the easy choice is to give it to Karol G, because this album saw her rise to superstardom, while becoming a stadium performer. However, my personal favorite, admittingly, must be Tainy’s Data. Tainy not only lived up to the anticipation of his debut but surpassed it, transforming his abstract musical configurations into a dazzling journey with plenty of ethereal moments in technicolor well beyond the música urbana soundscape. Shout out to Saturno too for the freestyle reemergence, which was brilliant too. This was a bold move after coming off the success of the more mainstream sound of Vice Versa and the trap thump of his Eps.

J.R.: I must admit that Tainy’s debut studio album is a masterpiece that laces his unmatched skills, good music taste, and A-list artist friends such as Bad Bunny, Daddy Yankee, Wisin & Yandel, Julieta Venegas, and more. And though his creativity shines in various reggaetón bangers fused with synth-based dance and pop beats, I believe that Karol G’s Mañana Será Bonito should and will win the award. After all, not only did La Bichota make Billboard history reaching No. 1 on the Billboard 200 but the set nabbed the coveted album of the year at the 2023 Latin Grammys. It only makes sense. 

MARTÍNEZ, CabraLeche De Tigre, Diamante EléctricoVida Cotidiana, JuanesDe Todas Las Flores, Natalia LafourcadeEADDA9223, Fito Paez

S.R.A.: Vida Cotidiana. Grammy darling Juanes may add one more gramophone to his long list with this raw, emotional album, in which he reflects on his relationship with his wife and children and the problems that affect his native Colombia. With 11 songs including “Gris,” “Amores Prohibidos,” “Ojalá” and “Veneno,” and a return to his rock roots, it already won the Latin Grammy last November for best pop/rock album.  

	










G.F.: This is a tough one because all albums are worthy of taking this award home. But to me there is one that stands out: De Todas Las Flores. Natalia Lafourcade is an artist who’s won multiple Latin Grammys through the years and, in November, won best singer/songwriter album for De Todas Las Flores. Deservingly so. The album — produced by Adan Jodorowsky — is a gorgeous project that cements Lafourcade as one of the best musicians and songwriters of this generation. She deserves all the flowers. 

L.C.: Perhaps the most competitive category in the Latin field — one where every album was meticulously thought out as a cohesive body of work — but my bets are on Juanes and his much-acclaimed Vida Cotidiana, despite formidable opposition from Latin Grammy darling Natalia Lafourcade and icon Fito Páez. But Juanes has the historic pedigree of Grammy approved fare, not to mention he’s the one artist here who has actually performed at one of the ceremonies. Last but not least, Vida includes gems.

I.R.: Another category with more than one great albums, from Fito Paez reimagining this timeless songs from El Amor Después del Amor in EADDA9223, to Juanes’ rollicking but vulnerable Vida Cotidiana, and Natalia Laforcade’s De Todas Las Flores which she recorded live on analog tape — I also saw her perform this album live on its debut in Carnegie Hall and I was blown away. Although there are several Grammy darlings here, I’ll predict this one will go to Lafourcade for the reasons aforementioned. The classical strings, the jazzy playfulness, and her introspective songwriting make this one a winner.

J.R.: I think Juanes’ Vida Cotidiana should win — another ultra-personal album created during the pandemic. The set not only marks the Colombian artist’s return to his rock roots meshed with funk, son, and cumbia, but it’s also an homage to his everyday life, including the challenges and differences his family faced after spending 24 hours a day together in quarantine. I do believe, however, that Recording Academy sweetheart Natalia Lafourcade will win the Grammy with De Todas las Flores, a beautifully-crafted set with lyrics that delve deep into personal growth and self-love.

	










Bordado A Mano, Ana BárbaraLa Sánchez, Lila DownsMotherflower, Flor De ToloacheAmor Como En Las Películas De Antes, Lupita InfanteGÉNESIS, Peso Pluma

S.R.A.: Génesis. Peso Pluma didn’t get to see his breakthrough album nominated to the 2023 Latin Grammys, but it sure deserves the love of the Academy and his peers. A chart-topper on Billboard’s Top Latin Albums and Regional Mexican Albums, the 17-track set took the music world by storm, with hits like “Rosa Pastel” with Jasiel Nuñez, and “Lady Gaga” with Gabito Ballesteros and Junior H. It also made history on the Billboard 200 chart, where it became the highest ranked debut for a regional Mexican album at No. 3.

G.F.: As a woman, I would love to see a woman take home this category. Honoring genre veteran Ana Bárbara with this award for such a solid album would be beautiful to see. But in all fairness, this award should go to Peso Pluma. The Mexican corridos singer revolutionized the genre with Génesis, giving the decades-old genre a massive boost around the world. His global movement should be recognized. 

L.C.: How very unlikely to find four women competing in any single category, much less this one. Although the gut reaction is to go for Peso Pluma — not just for his album but also for his global renown and chart prowess — this one may go to Ana Bárbara, in a nod to her 30 years of music and her exquisitely crafted Bordado a Mano (no pun intended), which includes Vicente Fernández’s last duet, a high bar. Ana Bárbara is also boosted by her recent BMI Icon award and the fact that she’s being honored at the upcoming Premio Lo Nuestro.

	










I.R.: I admit, Lila Down’s potent voice usually finds its way to the depth of my soul. I’ve been a fan of hers since my undergrad days. But Flor de Toloache’s Motherflower is truly riveting. It brims with passion and it fuses sounds from the frontier, a mariachi, bolero outing with cutting-edge production, and Mireya’s gut-wrenching rasp is chilling. I think they will win. But the album, admitingly, that received the most plays for me was Peso Pluma’s Genesis, while mega boosting corridos bélicos scene to the mainstream, and for that we applaud. 

J.R.: My best bet is that one of the ladies will win the grammy for best música Mexicana (including Tejano) album — perhaps Ana Bárbara’s Bordado a Mano, which is the only set in this group that was nominated at the 2023 Latin Grammys for best ranchero/mariachi album. On the other hand, I also think Peso Pluma could potentially win his first career Grammy with Génesis. The historic set became only the fourth regional Mexican effort to hit No. 1 on the Billboard Top Latin Albums this decade, following Alejandro Fernández’s Hecho en México (Feb. 29, 2020) and two Eslabon Armado albums: Vibras de Noche (Aug. 2020) and Desvelado (May 2023), and reached No. 3 on the all-genre Billboard 200 chart. 

Voy A Ti, Luis FigueroaNiche Sinfónico, Grupo Niche y Orquesta Sinfónica Nacional de ColombiaVIDA, Omara PortuondoMIMY & TONY, Tony Succar, Mimy SuccarEscalona Nunca Se Había Grabado Así, Carlos Vives

S.R.A.: It is a tough category since it combines multiple tropical music styles all in one. Three of these nominees already received Latin Grammys in November: Grupo Niche for best salsa album, Carlos Vives for best cumbia/vallenato album, and Omara Portuondo for best traditional tropical album. Ruben Blades wasn’t nominated to the Latin Grammys neither this or last year, but he took the best pop latin album Grammy in 2023 for Pasieros with Boca Livre. So, anything could happen here.  

	










G.F.: I loved Carlos Vives’ album, and I think it will win. His passion for vallenato beautifully translates in Escalona. After winning best cumbia/vallenato album at the Latin Grammys in November, I think it has a pretty good chance at winning this category. 

L.C.: This competition among icons pits Ruben Blades, Carlos Vives, Grupo Niche and Omara Portuondo against each other, plus newcomer Luis Figueroa and Tony Succar in his poignant collab with his own mother. But Vives’ highly personal look at tradition and history is in a league of its own, a masterful fusion of cultural understanding and commercial execution that is hard to match.

I.R.: My prediction here goes to Carlos Vives’ Escalona Nunca Se Había Grabado Así, a heartfelt homage to the legendary Colombian composer, Rafael Escalona. The vallenato revivalist simply breathes new life into Escalona’s classics, and they sound as fresh as ever, preserving the beauty of Vives’ musical heritage and reinventing it for a new era.

J.R.: I believe Carlos Vives’ Escalona Nunca Se Había Grabado Así will win best Tropical album, but personally, I would like to see Niche Sinfónico by Grupo Niche and the Orquesta Sinfónica Nacional de Colombia take the Grammy. The latter tributes some of the biggest compositions by the late Jairo Varela (Niche’s founder and director) and delivers elegant versions of timeless salsa tunes like “Mi Pueblo Natal” and “Cali Pachanguero.” Both Colombian acts already nabbed a Latin Grammy for their respective albums, which makes me believe this Grammy will stay in Colombia.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.