By 

	Tomás Mier


	On Monday, the Latin American Music Awards announced that Becky G will help host the awards show scheduled for April 25. The Mexican American musician will share the hosting mic with stars Alejandra Espinoza, Carlos Ponce, and Thalia, and will also perform her recent single “Mercedes” alongside Oscar Maydon. 

	“Hosting and performing at the Latin AMAs, just after releasing ‘Mercedes,’ feels like stepping into a whirlwind of excitement and creativity,” Becky G told The Hollywood Reporter. “It’s a celebration of past achievements and future aspirations, all wrapped up into a vibrant event that honors nuestra música.“
A post shared by Latin American Music Awards (@latinamas)

	Additionally, the event will also feature performances from Anitta, Feid, and Manuel Medrano. Anitta will debut singles “Double Team” and “Sabana” from her upcoming album Funk Generation at the awards show. Her album drops the day after the awards show.

	Feid will detour from his Ferxxocalipsis Tour, and perform songs “Fecha” and “Brickell” alongside Yandel in the tracks’ television debut. The Colombian star is also being honored with the Latin AMA Pioneer award after earning 12 nominations — tied for the most with Peso Pluma — at this year’s show.

	










	Medrano, meanwhile, will join a special tribute performance to Latin AMA Legacy Award winner Ricardo Montaner.

	The Latin AMAs also shared that artists such as Brray, Codiciado, Los Esquivel, Cassandra Sanchez-Navarro, Jackie Guerrido, and Chiquibaby will be among the presenters for this year’s awards show.

	Peso Pluma, Farruko, Yng Lvkas, Jay Wheeler, and Deorro are also scheduled to perform at this awards show.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	“We are excited to welcome the most electrifying and diverse lineup of artists to the stage for this year’s Latin American Music Awards,” TelevisaUnivision exec Ignacio Meyer told Rolling Stone in a statement to earlier this month. “Univision has long been the home to the biggest moments in music and we’re proud to showcase the dynamic artists who are breaking ground in the music industry.”

	The nominees for this year’s awards show were revealed last month, with Peso and Feid leading the list with 12 nods each. Bad Bunny and Grupo Frontera tied for 11 nods, Karol G and Shakira have nine, while Eslabón Armado and Fuerza Régida scored eight nominations each.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.