So High School. 
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce were spotted getting down to Bad Bunny’s “Tití Me Preguntó” at the US Open during their whirlwind weekend in New York City. 
A fan took a video of the pop star grinding against the Kansas City Chiefs star on Sunday. 
Swift, who stood in front of Kelce, rolled her hips and danced to the beat with a famous Grey Goose Honey Deuce in hand. 
The singer swayed from side to side before reaching up to gently caress Kelce’s face.
The tight end also grooved to the music as he placed his hands on the “Fortnight” singer’s hips. 
The couple, who began dating last summer, were all smiles as they sang along to the song and chatted with Patrick and Brittany Mahomes.
Swift and Kelce, both 34, looked happier than ever at the men’s finals of the tennis tournament, which ended in a win for Jannik Sinner over USA’s Taylor Fritz.
After arriving hand-in-hand, the couple made their way to a star-studded private suite, where they were seen packing on the PDA. 
The lovebirds have clearly bonded over their shared music taste as they were seen jamming out to “I Believe in a Thing Called Love” by The Darkness.
Both Swift and Kelce dramatically belted out the lyrics, with the “Cruel Summer” singer even whipping out the air guitar.
“A vibe,” the official US Open account posted. 
Swift leaned into her “Red” era in a gingham dress from Reformation ($248), a red Gucci bag ($3,980), and chic cat-eye sunnies from Crap Eyewear.
The 14-time Grammy completed the look with her signature red lip and red nail polish.
Kelce also added a pop of ruby to his full Gucci look, which consisted of a white polo shirt, cardigan, shorts and a red-and-green striped bucket hat. 
A few hours later, the couple stepped out for dinner at the Mēdüzā Mediterrania restaurant alongside the Mahomeses and Bon Iver’s Justin Vernon.
Swift swapped her daytime look for a brown and beige Gucci logo dress layered under a brown trenchcoat. 
She accessorized with a matching black Horsebit purse and heels. 
Kelce, for his part, looked a bit more laid back in dark pants, a striped polo shirt and a black cap that read “New York New York.”
Despite the couple’s jam-packed weekend, the NFL star is expected to fly back to Kansas City on Monday to prepare for his game against the Cincinnati Bengals on Friday, which Swift will likely attend. 
Meanwhile, the “All Too Well” singer is rumored to attend the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday. Although she is not slated to perform, she is nominated for 12 awards. 
Advertisement