By LILY JOBSON FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  18:03, 23 June 2024   |  Updated:  18:09, 23 June 2024   
 77
View  comments
Anna Wintour made a statement in a bright orange dress as she arrived at star-studded Vogue World Paris on Sunday evening.
The longtime Vogue editor, 74, who is hosting the event, made an early arrival ahead of the madness.
She turned heads in her glamorous orange ensemble with pink and white stripes, complemented with her trademark sunglasses and blonde bob.
The icon teamed her stunning look with snake print boots and chunky gold necklaces.
Earlier in the day, Anna ran last minute meetings and fittings around the city with a coffee in hand.
Anna Wintour, 74, made a statement in a bright orange dress as she arrived at star-studded Vogue World Paris on Sunday evening
The longtime Vogue editor, who is hosting the event, made an early arrival ahead of the madness
She wore a chic satin blue dress with a statement burnt orange coat with structured shoulder pads. 
A cohort of famous faces are taking part in the sold-out Vogue World event, celebrating 100 years of fashion and sport in the iconic city.
Guests include Gigi Hadid, Ciara, Maluma, Sabrina Carpenter, Emma Chamberlain, Kendall Jenner, Serena and Venus Williams, Bad Bunny, and Aya Nakumura.
The venue for the show is the famed Place Vendôme - a square which is a renowned location for fine jewellery and the inspiration for a Catherine Deneuve film.
Last year the event was hosted in London, while the year before the Big Apple was the backdrop for the high fashion extravaganza. 
Those who were unable to get a ticket for the event will be able to watch the action unfold on a live stream, which will be hosted by Cara Delevingne.
This year's Vogue World collaborated with youth athletic academies across France, pairing different sports with a history of 100 years of French fashion.
The sports include cycling, gymnastics, tennis, fencing, and break dancing, among others and the fashion will shine a spotlight on both modern and historic designers.
Earlier in the day, Anna ran last minute meetings and fittings around the city with a coffee in hand
A cohort of famous faces are taking part in the sold-out Vogue World event, celebrating 100 years of fashion and sport in the iconic city
The venue for the show is the famed Place Vendôme - a square which is a renowned location for fine jewellery and the inspiration for a Catherine Deneuve film
Artists who are expected to perform during the show include Bad Bunny and Aya Nakamura, although little detail has been revealed so far. 
Speaking on the event, Vogue's global editorial director and Condé Nast chief content officer Anna Wintour, said: 'If Vogue World: New York was a street fair, and Vogue World: London was a glamorous night at the theatre...
'Supporting arts and cultural organisations in London – Paris will be a kind of opening ceremony; one that celebrates 100 years of fashion and sport, as well as this extraordinary city.'
A percentage of the net proceeds from ticket sales will be donated to the humanitarian organisation Secours Populaire. 
The organisation facilitates access to essential equipment for young, aspiring athletes across France.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group