Manage your account
With just a few days to go until the 2024 Oscars, it’s time to learn what viewers can expect to see during Hollywood’s biggest night — including who will be handing out the coveted golden statues.
Since early last week, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences has been revealing the presenters for the upcoming ceremony, and there are quite a few Oscar winners and current nominees on the list.
"Barbie" stars Ryan Gosling and America Ferrera, who are both nominated in the supporting acting categories, will present awards. Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo, who will appear together in the highly anticipated movie "Wicked," which arrives at the end of the year, have been tapped to announce some winners, too.
So who else will make an appearance at the 96th Academy Awards? Well, the academy confirmed the presenters in three separate lists.
The following were announced in the first group of actors set to hit the stage on Sunday, March 10, to present an award:
Mahershala Ali
Nicolas Cage
Jamie Lee Curtis
Brendan Fraser
Jessica Lange
Matthew McConaughey
Lupita Nyong’o
Al Pacino
Michelle Pfeiffer
Ke Huy Quan
Sam Rockwell
Michelle Yeoh
Zendaya
Yeoh and Fraser won best actress and best actor at the 2023 Oscars for their performances in “Everything Everywhere All at Once” and “The Whale,” respectively.
Curtis and Quan, who both were presented with golden statues last year in the supporting actress and actor categories for their work in “Everything Everywhere All at Once,” will also be in attendance to present.
On Feb. 29, the academy revealed more presenters.
"Meet your second slate of presenters for the 96th Oscars," the award show's official account shared on X.
The second slate of presenters included:
Bad Bunny
Chris Hemsworth
Dwayne Johnson
Michael Keaton
Regina King
Jennifer Lawrence
Kate McKinnon
Rita Moreno
John Mulaney
Catherine O'Hara
Octavia Spencer
Ramy Youssef
A few days before the ceremony, the academy unveiled the third list of stars who will be presenters.
"Meet your third slate of presenters for the 96th Oscars," the award show tweeted March 5.
The third group of actors and musicians announced are:
Emily Blunt
Cynthia Erivo
America Ferrera
Sally Field
Ryan Gosling
Ariana Grande
Ben Kingsley
Melissa McCarthy
Issa Rae
Tim Robbins
Steven Spielberg
Mary Steenburgen
Anya Taylor-Joy
Charlize Theron
Christoph Waltz
Forest Whitaker
The academy has been sharing bits of information about the awards ceremony over the past few months. In November, it was announced that Jimmy Kimmel will return to emcee the ceremony for the fourth time. In preparation for the big night, which will be held at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, he appeared in a funny promo for the 96th Academy Awards featuring the cast of “Barbie.”
The blockbuster film landed eight nominations, including best supporting actor and actress nominations for Gosling and Ferrera, respectively. “Oppenheimer,” “Poor Things” and “Killers of the Flower Moon” lead the pack with the most nominations.
Regardless of who wins, the 96th Oscars has already made history, as three of the 10 flicks up for best picture were directed by women for the first time — “Past Lives” by Celine Song, “Barbie” by Greta Gerwig and “Anatomy of a Fall” by Justine Triet.
Movie fans will find out which stars will get to add “Oscar winner” to their resume when the award show begins March 10 at 7 p.m. ET/ 4 p.m. PT on ABC.
This article was originally published on TODAY.com