To be fair, Taylor Swift has been booked and busy!
Jennifer Lopez dropped a documentary about her new visual film This Is Me Now: A Love Story, and it's an extremely candid look at the making of the project—including what it was like to book all those celebrity cameos. But while the movie has appearances from a lot of A-listers, apparently some major names passed.
In one scene, casting director Nancy Nayor tells J.Lo, "We sent out all the offers last night to everybody and we're waiting to hear back from a few people. Like Jane Fonda." A voice off-camera then adds, "Taylor Swift is a no" as a producer says, "Jason Momoa is not available, Jennifer Coolidge not available, Lizzo not available." 
Someone then asks J.Lo if she wants "Vanessa Hudgens, by the way," and she responds with "For what?" before another person notes, "She's not available." At another point, the celeb says, "It'd be good to get Bad Bunny to do a little cameo as the bad kid," and is then told that "Ariana Grande's unavailable—she's in London until September."
J.Lo's reaction to her famous friends being busy, you ask? Keeping it chill and saying, "I don't wanna force anybody to do this who doesn't go 'This is going to be fun'...Nobody wants to say no to me, Benny, I get that. But when an actor doesn't like a script, or doesn't think it's good enough, or is worried about it, that's what they'll say. I know that. I've done it."
Oh, and in response to telling her choreographer Sienna Lallau that Khloé Kardashian was supposed to make a cameo, which didn't happen, J.Lo says, "People scared, scared to put themselves out there. I get it. Took me a long time. I'm scared."
FWIW, This Is Me...Now: A Love Story ended up having a ton of cameos, including from the likes of Jane Fonda (she came through!), Derek Hough, Trevor Jackson, Fat Joe, Jennifer Lewis, Post Malone, Trevor Noah, Keke Palmer, Sofia Vergara, Neil deGrasse Tyson, and Kim Petras, among many others!
The Tortured Poets Department drops April 19!
"I've never had an album where I needed songwriting more than I needed it on Tortured Poets."
Okay, this kiiiiinda disputes breakup album theories.
Interesting timing!!!!!
Joe Alwyn found shaking.
Once you see these side-by-sides, you will not be the same.
"From 'london boy' to 'so long london'..."
Joe Alwyn has everything to do with April 19.
It has to do with a group chat Joe has... 👀
Wills "Sickened" by Harry Leveraging Royal Status
Timothée's List of "Demands" for Dating Kylie 
Sydney and Brandon Allegedly Spotted Holding Hands
Is Lexi Wood Coming Back to Summer House?
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
Malia and Sasha Attend an Album-Release Party
Lily-Rose Depp and 070 Shake Take In a Lakers Game
Ice Spice & Sauce Gardner’s Relationship Timeline
Florence Pugh Hates Being Compared to Models
Laura Harrier and Sam Jarou Break Up After 4 Years
Shailene Woodley and Lucas Bravo's Ship Timeline
How Charles Feels About Kate and Wills' Snub
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.