Cancel Anytime
Troy 'Trombone Shorty' Andrews hosts Shorty Fest on Monday, April 29.
Looking for more to do this week? Check out the latest on Gambit's calendar at calendar.gambitweekly.com.
Troy “Trombone Shorty” Andrew’s annual Shorty Fest on Monday, April 29, includes music inside Tipitina’s and a block party around the Uptown venue. The outdoor party will feature brass bands, high school marching bands, Black Masking Indians, food trucks and a kids’ area. In the evening, Trombone Shorty & Orleans Avenue, Galactic featuring Anjelika “Jelly” Joseph, Sun Ra Arkestra and students from the Trombone Shorty Academy will perform indoors. Outdoor events start at 5 p.m. and the indoor show starts at 8 p.m. Tickets are $125 general admission and $300 VIP via tipitinas.com.
The three-day festival hosts indoor and outdoor music stages, boiled crawfish from NOLA Crawfish King, a crawfish eating competition, a cook-off and local arts vendors. Eric Krasno with Ivan Neville, Tony Hall, Raymond Weber and guest Anders Osborne headline night one; Tab Benoit tops night two; and Jon Cleary & The Absolute Monster Gentlemen with George Porter Jr., John Boutte and others close things out with a tribute to Snooks Eaglin. Gates open at 3 p.m. Monday, April 29, through Wednesday, May 1, at the Broadside. Tickets are $60 per day or $165 for a three-day pass via nolacrawfishfest.com.
The two-day festival at Faubourg Brewery is heavy on funk, soul and jam bands. Lettuce with guest guitarist John Scofield headline Tuesday, April 30, and Gov’t Mule with many guest artists close the festival on Wednesday, May 1. Other performers include The Dirty Dozen Brass Band, Krasno/Moore Project, The Rumble, Galactic and Karl Denson’s Tiny Universe. Single-day tickets are $70-$85 and two-day tickets are $155 via dazebetweennola.com.
The “Road House” reboot starring Jake Gyllenhaal has a lot of Gulf Coast ties. It takes place in Florida and features prominent Louisiana artists, who not only provide much of the soundtrack for the film, but also have cameos performing in the gritty beachside bar where all the famous brawling scenes go down. Those musicians, including C.C. Adcock (who wrote the movie’s theme song), Tommy McLain, Anjelika “Jelly” Joseph and Rockin’ Dopsie Jr. will be re-enacting their performances at BJ’s Lounge on Wednesday, May 1 at 6 p.m., before a screening of the film at 8 p.m. Members of the Krewe of Dreux will also be on-site, grilling steaks. For more information visit @bjslounge on Instagram.
As the late Bunny Matthews put it, “With ‘Rejuvenation,' the Meters delivered their definitive work: a perfect album, the only perfect New Orleans album ever recorded.” The Meters’ essential fifth album, again produced by Allen Toussaint, turns 50 this year, and Ivan Neville’s Dumpstaphunk will be joined by George Porter Jr., Leo Nocentelli and Cyril Neville for a celebration of the album and the iconic New Orleans funk band. The show starts at 10 p.m. Thursday, May 2, at the Civic Theatre. Tickets are still available for $220 via ticketmaster.com.
Gambit previews the second weekend of Jazz Fest 2024.
Soulful Southern rock band JJ Grey & Mofro earlier this year released “Olustee,” its first album in nine years. The band rolls through the Saenger Theatre at 8 p.m. Thursday, May 2, with blues rocker Samantha Fish. Tickets start at $41.50 via saengernola.com.
The mini-festival at the Howlin’ Wolf has two stages of music going all night. The main stage will feature The Rumble; The New Orleans All-Stars, with Gov’t Mule’s Kevin Scott, Johnny Vidacovich, John “Papa” Gros, Papa Mali and more; Cool Cool Cool; and Adam Deitch playing a late-night dance party set. The Den stage includes performances by Good Enough for Good Times (featuring members of Galactic); Robert Walter, Simon Lott, Reed Mathis and Will Bernard; Wil Blades, Ari Teitel and Jamison Ross; and Sgt. Splendor, a collab between Kate Vargas and Eric McFadden with Fishbone’s Norwood Fisher, Terence Higgens of Dirty Dozen and guest drummer Stephen Perkins of Janes Addiction. Music starts at 9 p.m. Tickets are $49.50 via thehowlinwolf.com.
In the musical based on the 1992 movie, Deloris Van Cartier is a nightclub singer who witnesses a crime and has to hide out in a convent. Her big personality isn’t an easy fit, but music brings the sisters together in the comedy. At 7:30 p.m. Friday, May 3, and Saturday, May 4, and 2 p.m. Sunday, May 5, and continuing May 10-19 at Rivertown Theaters for the Performing Arts. Tickets $39-$53 via rivertowntheaters.com.
Along with playing with the Preservation Hall Jazz Band and Charlie Gabriel during Jazz Fest, guitarist and positivity spreader Joshua Starkman hosts two festival editions of his Have a Great Day show. He’ll be joined by guest musicians for interviews and performances. Catch the next one at 5 p.m. Wednesday, May 1, at the Ace Hotel’s Alto bar. The show is free. Find more info at acehotel.com/new-orleans.
'God is love. But Satan does that thing you like with his tongue.'
Robin Barnes’ powerful voice is equally at home in jazz, soul, funk — really, any genre she’d want to tackle. At the Hotel Peter & Paul, she’ll dig into the soul aspects of her music with her band the Fiya Birds. The music starts at 8 p.m. Tuesday, April 30. Tickets are $25 via eventbrite.com.
The annual between-Jazz-Fest-weekends event gathers pianists from far and wide for a six-hour marathon fundraising concert for community radio station WWOZ. The lineup includes Little Feat’s Bill Payne, Marcia Ball, Jon Cleary, Oscar Rossignoli, Lilli Lewis, Tom McDermott, Jesse McBride, Victor Campbell, Larry Sieberth, Joe Krown and many more. The show starts at 5:30 p.m. Monday, April 29, at House of Blues. Find ticket and streaming information at wwoz.org.
Keys player and New Orleans funk heavyweight Ivan Neville headlines this week’s free Wednesday at the Square concert. Neville last year released “Touch My Soul,” his first solo album in nearly 20 years. New Orleans pop artist LeTrainiump opens at 5 p.m. Wednesday, May 1, in Lafayette Square. Find more details at ylcwats.com.
The Louisiana Music Factory hosts a series of daily in store-free shows Monday, May 29, through Wednesday, May 1, and Monday, May 6. Music starts at noon, and the final sets begin at 6 p.m. Tuesday features Aurora Nealand’s Monacle, Joy Clark, The Desert Nudes and more. Wednesday brings Palmetto Bug Stompers, The Tin Men, Ghalia Volt and more. Visit louisianamusicfactory.com for full schedule.
Pontchartrain Conservancy is joining the New Orleans Recreation Development Commission for a family-friendly, free showing of “Finding Dory,” appropriately on the shore of Lake Pontchartrain. Doors open at 5 p.m. and the movie starts at dusk. Drink and snacks will be available for purchase, with proceeds benefiting the Pontchartrain Conservancy. Find more info at scienceforourcoast.org.
Catbite has been front row to ska's recent resurgence.

        For more than 40 years, Gambit has covered New Orleans, for New Orleans.
        We’ve stood up to city hall with you, cheered the Saints with you,
        danced in the streets with you and cried over our collective loss with
        you. And we’re plannin’ on being here for 40 more. To do that, we need
        your help. Become a Gambit member today and help us continue our mission
      
Gambit's picks for the second Saturday out at Jazz Fest. 
Your weekly go-to show for all things happening in New Orleans.
Gambit's Events Calendar

For more upcoming events visit  
calendar.gambitweekly.com 

Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: