While December may have marked the end of Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny’s relationship, the new year appears to have ushered in a get-together for the model and Puerto Rican musician.
"Kendall and Bad Bunny celebrated New Year’s Eve together while on vacation near Barbados with friends including Justin and Hailey [Bieber]," a source tells ET. "Kendall and Bad Bunny are still close and have a good time when they’re together."
Kendall also posted about her 2024 celebration, and included a pic of her and Hailey. "years pass, and they seem faster and faster. presence and time is all i can ask for. so grateful for what has past, so optimistic for what’s to come. go love on the people you hold close to your heart, and don’t waste a second ❤️ 2024, shower me with love and laughter, gratitude and growth, patience and presence," she wrote.
News of Kendall and Bad Bunny's breakup last month came as a surprise to many, with the couple having been together for nearly a year. 
At the time, a source told ET, "Kendall and Bad Bunny have been doing their own things lately and things slowly started to fizzle out between them."
"They both knew going into this that it likely wouldn't be a forever type of relationship and that was mutually understood from the get-go," the source continued. "They have crazy busy schedules and know they're still young and have a lot more to experience individually before settling down."
The source added that there is no negativity between the two, and they genuinely want the best for each other. Kendall's family still holds Bad Bunny in high regard, with the source noting, "They just want her to be with whoever makes her happy, treats her with love and respect, and someone that understands and can handle the attention that comes along with dating her with poise and grace."
The couple first sparked romance rumors in February and were frequently seen together at various high-profile events, including a Met Gala after-party, NBA games, and a Drake concert where they showed some PDA.
The duo's last public appearance was at a Saturday Night Live after-party in October, where Bad Bunny served as both host and musical guest. 
Throughout their relationship, Kendall and Bad Bunny, whose real name is Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio, intentionally kept their romance private, choosing not to make any public comments about their love life. 
In a recent interview with Vanity Fair, Bad Bunny expressed his desire to maintain privacy, stating, "They don't know how you feel, they don't know how you live, they don't know anything, and I really don't want them to know."
RELATED CONTENT:
Video
News
News
TV
News
News