Emily Watson, Olivia Williams and Mark Strong lead the all-star cast.
The Dune universe is taking us back 10,000 years with a prequel series, Dune: Prophecy, which introduces fans of Denis Villeneuve's films to a whole new generation of Atreides and Harkonnen families.
Based on a prequel book to Frank Herbert's Dune novels, titled Sisterhood of Dune and written by Brian Herbert and Kevin J Anderson, the series charts the formation and evolution of the franchise's memorable sisterhood of priestesses, the Bene Gesserit.
At the helm of the sisterhood is the shrewd and calculating Mother Superior Valya Harkonnen (Emily Watson, Jessica Barden), who must attempt to maintain influence over the Imperium when an outsider threatens the balance of power.
Wondering who else stars in the cast? Here is your guide to who's who in the epic new series Dune: Prophecy, which is out on Sky Atlantic and NOW in the UK.
The following cast members have been confirmed for Dune: Prophecy.
Now here is all you need to know about the major players.
Who is Reverend Mother Tula Harkonnen? The kinder and more maternal younger sister of Valya Harkonnen is her subordinate in the Bene Gesserit.
Williams told RadioTimes.com that she was particularly keen to avoid potentially harmful depictions of women in her role as Tula, saying: "The depiction of hysteria in women is such a troubled area, that truth comes out of a form of feminine madness. I just didn't want to perpetuate that myth.
"But there are some elements that of the power of these women that is still sort of rooted in misconceptions about women. But women do still have to run power from a sequestered place away from men behind a veil. Still, women cannot come out front and centre and be president."
Where else have you seen Olivia Williams? The acclaimed British actress is best known for her role as Camilla Parker Bowles in the final two seasons of The Crown as well as film roles in The Postman, Rushmore, The Sixth Sense, Lucky Break, The Heart of Me, An Education, The Ghost Writer, Hanna, Anna Karenina, Hyde Park on Hudson, Maps to the Stars, Victoria & Abdul and The Father.
Where else have you seen Emma Canning? A relative newcomer, Canning's other roles include parts in the series Masters of the Air and Citadel: Honey Bunny.
Who is Mother Superior Valya Harkonnen? A member of the disgraced House Harkonnen, Valya becomes a leading member of the Sisterhood of the Bene Gesserit and rises to become Mother Superior, doing everything to protect the interests of the school.
Watson exclusively told RadioTimes.com that Valya is "from a truly, truly messed up background where she is full of trauma and vengeance and and with many, many dark secrets to keep close".
"A key moment for me, is the fact that she has been kind of anointed by the previous head of the sisterhood," Watson added.
"She was a very vulnerable and damaged young woman, and this woman has gone, 'I see you. You're very powerful, you're very special, and you are the chosen one.' And that's very dangerous thing to do, because then you think that the end justifies the means, and lots of bad things happen."
Where else have you seen Emily Watson? An acclaimed British actress on stage and screen, Watson found fame after her breakthrough role in Lars Von Trier's Breaking the Waves and found further success in films such as Hilary and Jackie and Oranges and Sunshine. Her other film roles include The Boxer, Angela's Ashes, The Luzhin Defense, Gosford Park, Punch-Drunk Love, Red Dragon, Equilibrium, The Life and Death of Peter Sellers, Corpse Bride, Miss Potter, Synecdoche, New York, War Horse, The Theory of Everything, Kingsman: The Golden Circle, The Happy Prince, God's Creatures, and Small Things like These. Watson's acclaimed television credits include her BAFTA-winning role in Appropriate Adult, Chernobyl and Apple Tree Yard.
Where else have you seen Jessica Barden? The British actress is best known for her role as Alyssa in Channel 4's The End of the F***ing World, along with roles in the films Hanna, The Lobster, The New Romantic, Pink Skies Ahead, and the television series Pieces of Her and You & Me.
Who is Padishah Emperor Javicco I Corrino? The ruler of the Imperium stands at the head of the Known Universe and the Emperor is always seeking to solidify his hold on the Great Houses and on the spice-producing world of Arrakis. Can he manage a fragile peace?
Where else have you seen Mark Strong? After rising to prominence in the acclaimed BBC drama Our Friends in the North, British actor Mark Strong had film roles in the likes of Stardust, RocknRolla, Sherlock Holmes, Kick-Ass, Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, Green Lantern, Zero Dark Thirty, The Imitation Game, Kingsman: The Secret Service, Kingsman: The Golden Circle, Shazam!, Cruella and Shazam! Fury of the Gods.
Who is Empress Natalya Arat? A formidable and conservative consort to the Padishah Emperor, Natalya untied much of the Known Universe in her marriage to Javicco. However, does she trust the Sisterhood?
May told RadioTimes.com of the Empress: "She's an opportunist, so she really sees [Desmond's power] as something to be used....How she is able to exert her influence from that point on, becomes quite fascinating."
She added: "Empress Natalya is pretty ruthless, and it's a portrait of a very unconventional mother. As an actor, that's so much more interesting to play when the character is that morally ambiguous."
Where else have you seen Jodhi May? The British actress is best known for her film and television roles from a young age, including A World Apart, The Last of the Mohicans, Sister My Sister, Aristocrats, Tipping the Velvet, The Other Boleyn Girl (2003), The Amazing Mrs Pritchard, The Jury II, I, Anna, A Quiet Passion, Genius, Moving On, Gentleman Jack, The Warrior Queen of Jhansi and The Witcher.
Who is Desmond Hart? A charismatic soldier with an enigmatic past who arrives on Salusa Secundus and seeks to gain the Emperor's trust at the expense of the Sisterhood. Episode 1 establishes that he has an intriguing and very dangerous power.
Fimmel told RadioTimes.com: "Desmond's got a certain goal, and something he's very driven by to achieve and he'll use a lot of violence to achieve that goal, and he thinks it's justified in doing so. But at the same time, it really hurts him when he hurts other people physically. It hurts him physically and emotionally but he still sort of enjoys it. He won't stop doing it."
Where else have you seen Travis Fimmel? The Australian actor is best known for his roles in the television series Vikings and Raised by Wolves, along with a role in the live-action Warcraft film.
Who is Princess Ynez? The headstrong heir to the Golden Throne and the daughter of the Padishah Emperor, the Sisterhood hopes that Ynez will join their ranks and help them control the Imperium's future.
Boussnina told RadioTimes.com of the Princess: "One of many things that I love about the character, is that she isn't afraid of fighting for what she believes in. So I feel like she will go far for what she believes in."
Where else have you seen Sarah-Sofie Boussnina? The Danish actress is best known for her television roles in the series The Bridge and 1864.
Who is Sister Lila? A young acolyte on Wallach IX who is very close to Reverend Mother Tula Harkonnen.
Where else have you seen Chloe Lea? Lea won a BAFTA for her turn as a younger performer in the CBBC adaptation of Jacqueline Wilson's Katy.
Who is Mikaela? A woman of Fremen descent who resides on Salusa Secundus with mysterious motives and a strong will. Will she ever see the planet Arrakis?
Where else have you seen Shalom Brune-Franklin? The British and Australian actress is best known for her television roles in Our Girl, The State, Doctor Doctor, Bad Mothers, Cursed, Line of Duty season 6 and The Tourist.
Who is Sister Theodosia? An acolyte of the Sisterhood who has many abilities and is highly regarded by Mother Superior Valya Harkonnen.
Where else have you seen Jade Anouka? The British actress of stage and screen is best known for her roles in the television series His Dark Materials, Trauma and Cleaning Up.
Who is Baron Harrow Harkonnen? The ambitious but lowly-regarded representative of House Harkonnen and the nephew of Valya and Tula Harkonnen. The Baron resides on Salusa Secundus.
Where else have you seen Edward Davis? The British actor is best known for his roles in Shadow and Bone and Sanditon.
Who is Keiran Atreides? A swordmaster on Salusa Secundus with a noble lineage from the heroic House Atreides, Keiran seeks to honour his bloodline and do the right thing but grows distracted by his connection with Princess Ynez.
Actor Mason said of his character: "I remember reading these scripts getting towards the end and just wanting Kieran to stay true to his to his beliefs. It's really great when you get a script, and sometimes it throws you a curve ball...the scripts are fantastic."
Where else have you seen Chris Mason? The British actor is best known for his television roles in Riverdale, Broadchurch, Dirty John and recently playing John Lennon in Doctor Who.
Who is Lord Constantine Corrino? The illegitimate but well-liked son of the Padishah Emperor who is close to his half-sister Princess Ynez and longs to please their father.
Where else have you seen Josh Heuston? The Australian newcomer is best known for his roles in the Aussie TV series Dive Club, More Than This, Heartbreak High and Bali.
Who is Sister Jen? A highly-regarded and bluntly honest acolyte of the Sisterhood who resides on Wallach IX.
Where else have you seen Faoileann Cunningham? The Irish newcomer has previously appeared in the film The Northman and the series The Witcher: Blood Origin.
Who is Sister Emeline? A sceptical and perceptive acolyte of the Sisterhood who resides on Wallach IX.
Where else have you seen Aoife Hinds? The actress and daughter of acclaimed Irish actor Ciaran Hinds has also appeared ins Normal People, The Long Call, and the film Hellraiser.
Who is Reverend Mother Kasha Jinjo? The Emperor's truthsayer and a member of the Sisterhood who trained alongside Mother Superior Valya Harkonnen.
Where else have you seen Jihae? The South Korean singer, actress and model has also appeared in the series Mars, Altered Carbon, and Succession, as well as the film adaptation of Mortal Engines.
Where else have you seen Yerina Ha? The rising Australian star has also appeared in the series Halo and Bad Behaviour.
Who is Sister Francesca? The former lover of Emperor Javicco and a member of the Sisterhood who trained alongside Mother Superior Valya Harkonnen.
Where else have you seen Tabu? The Indian actress is one of the most celebrated and regarded stars of Hindi cinema, appearing in huge commercial successes including comedies Golmaal Again, Bhool Bhulaiyaa 2, Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo, Andhadhun, Drishyam 2 and Crew.
Where else have you seen Charithra Chandran? The British actress is best known for her turns in Alex Rider and Bridgerton season 2.
Dune: Prophecy comes to Sky and NOW on Monday 18th November 2024.
Check out more of our Sci-Fi coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.
Lewis Knight is the Trends Editor for Radio Times, covering trending titles from TV, Film and more. He previously worked at The Mirror in TV, Film, and Showbiz coverage alongside work on SEO. Alongside his past work in advertising, he possesses a BSc in Psychology and an MA in Film Studies.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!