E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
Detroit has largely missed out on Bad Bunny’s global ascendance during the past few years.
Before his pyrotechnic spectacle on Saturday night, April 6, at Little Caesars Arena, the Puerto Rican singer and rapper had performed just one before in the metro area — a September 2018 concert at the nearby Masonic Temple during his first full U.S. Tour. Since then the man born Benito Ocasio has become a worldwide force, sending his last three Spanish language albums to the top of the Billboard 200 and scoring No. 1 hits on the Billboard Hot 100 — all firsts. He’s the first Spanish language artist to be Spotify’s most streamed artist of the year, has acting credits (“Bullet Train,” “Cassandro”) and is a WWE champion.
And just two years ago he was selling out stadiums on what was correctly called the World’s Hottest Tour.
So it was a triumphant Bad Bunny who arrived at Little Caesars on Saturday, with more music, more production and more mania to offer than his last time through town. The 14,000 or so (very expensive) tickets sold out in minutes, drawing fans from around to Midwest for what was undeniably an Event of the first magnitude.
The bearded Bad Bunny delivered on any lofty expectations, too, with an artful and well thought-out — if occasionally padded — two-hour and 20-minute carnival worthy of his commercial stature. It featured three dozen or so of his songs, nearly half from his 2023 album “Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Manana” but with plenty of drops into its predecessors, including scream-inducing favorites such as “Seda,” “Diles,” “Dakiti,” “Monaco” and more.
There was nary a word of English, but there didn’t have to be; this crowd was singing along with great volume, and a moving, discernible pride that one of the world’s biggest pop stars looked and talked (or sang) like them. (He also gave a shout-out to classical singing great Andrea Bocelli, who’s performing at LCA on Sunday, April 14.)
The Most Wanted Tour staging will be one they’ll talk about for years to come, too. Bad Bunny — joined at times by up to 19 dancers, — performed on two semi-circular stages positioned at opposite ends of the arena floor, as well as on a walkway hanging above the crowd, which pivoted to bring him closer to those sitting on the side. There were liberal offerings of pyrotechnics, fire, lasers and smoke jets, while boot-shaped necklaces given to fans as they entered lit up the arena with sequenced triggered patterns.
The show opened with a stately 10-minute overture from a small orchestra (about two dozen musicians) on one of the stages, which also accompanied Bad Bunny — in a layered black, hooded outfit — during the opening “Nadie Sabe.” The energy was high throughout the night as he worked through clubby thumpers, trap-style rap pieces and an occasional romantic ballad, , many of them performed to pre-recorded instrumental tracks and present in short, medley-style versions which kept things moving in a nimble fashion.
Except when it didn’t. Like many of his pop and particularly rap colleagues, Bad Bunny took time during the show to pause and milk more cheers — sometimes to an embarrassing degree that unnecessarily stalled the shows’ ferocious momentum. It’s a well-worn schtick, which is kind of the point; Bad Bunny seems positioned to a performer who can rise above that particular conceit.
The concert’s big gimmick was also a bit of anti-climactic, too. Following a video in which a masked Bad Bunny rode a horse across a long, barren field, he emerged at one end of the arena in the same mask, in his second outfit of the night (a blue-fringed suit) — and on a horse. But it was a brief ride to the stage, a quick dismount and into the next song, a kind of “meh” moment in a show otherwise filled with spectacular ones.
Those were speed bumps on an otherwise smooth ride, however, and by the time Bad Bunny and his dancers pounded through the concluding “Where She Goes,” with every special effect popping, everybody was hopping — and hoping that it won’t take another six years to get him back in these parts.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group