Melissa Etheridge and Jewel will team up for a show in Waite Park in early August.
Jon Anderson brings the sounds of YES to the Ledge in August. Rare footage will return Keith Emerson and Greg Lake to the concert stage alongside Carl Palmer's ELP Legacy.
Tickets start at $62 on Ticketmaster.
Stray Cats will bring its Summer Tour '24 show to the Ledge in August. Tickets start at $49. 
Dwight Yoakum returns to Waite Park after putting on a memorable show in 2023. Last year's show featured Aaron Lewis as an opening act and this year's show will feature The Mavericks. Tickets start at $49.
Legendary country rockers Nitty Gritty Dirt band will play at the Ledge in September. Tickets start at $39.
Australia's Crowded House, who has sold over 15 million albums worldwide, will play in Waite Park on a fall Saturday night. Tickets start at $40 and are on sale April 19th.
blink-182 reunited and hit the road in 2023, with one of the first stops on the tour happening in Minnesota. They will return in 2024 to play all of their hits along with songs from their new album "One More Time."
Tickets start at $50.
Metallica will play two shows with different setlists on Friday, August 16th and Sunday, August 18th in Minneapolis. Friday's show will feature Pantera and Wolfgang Van Halen's band Mammoth WVH. Tickets start at $89.
Green Day will tour in celebration of the 30th anniversary of their "Dookie" album while also performing songs from their new album "Saviors."
Tickets start at $28.
Creed teams up with "Kryptonite" hitmakers 3 Doors Down and Finger Eleven for an outdoor show at TI. Tickets start at $59.
Metallica will play two shows with different setlists on Friday, August 16th and Sunday, August 18th in Minneapolis. Sunday's show features Five Finger Death Punch and Ice Nine Kills as opening acts.
Tickets start at $83. 
Def Leppard headlines a classic rock triple bill at the home of the Minnesota Twins. Tickets start at $59.50.
Lynyrd Skynyrd and ZZ Top bring their "Sharp-Dressed Simple Man Tour" to Minnesota for an outdoor show. Tickets start at $49.
Iron Maiden brings the "Future Past" tour to Xcel Energy Center for a fall show. Tickets start at $44.