This is her…at the Met Gala 2024.
While Jennifer Lopez is no stranger to a stunning red carpet gown, she definitely pulled out all the stops for the first Monday in May.
Walking the red carpet at The Metropolitan Museum of Art, the “Jenny From the Block” singer, 54, looked incredible in a custom Schiaparelli Haute Couture design.
The mermaid-style gown was made from sheer tulle and covered in sparkling rhinestones and pearls, finishing off with a flowing train.
Per a press release from the fashion brand, the stunning dress featured 2,500,000 silver foil bugles and beads and took 800 hours of hand embroidery work. 
She brought plenty of bling in the form of an enormous Tiffany & Co. necklace, with the piece featuring more than 75 carats of diamonds, including one stone weighing a whopping 20 carats.
In total, the star was dripping in more than 100 carats of Tiffany & Co. diamonds.
She added matching earrings and a bracelet, wearing platform Andrea Wazen heels to match her dress. 
As per usual, Lopez’s glam was also on point, with the star wearing her hair pulled up in a high bun and finishing her look with glowing, bronzed makeup thanks, in part, to her JLo Beauty line’s That Star Filter Complexion Booster ($39).
While her dress didn’t necessarily tie directly to the event’s theme, “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion,” her diamond hummingbird-shaped necklace certainly fit the bill for the nature-centered event.
She’s also serving as one of the Met Gala’s co-chairs alongside Zendaya, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth, who wore Maison Margiela and Tom Ford, respectively.
Although the “Maid in Manhattan” actress skipped star-studded fundraiser in 2022, she returned to the Met Gala red carpet last year in statement-making Ralph Lauren design, showing off her abs in a black and pink gown that featured a revealing crisscross cutout design in the front.
In 2021, she had a Western-inspired moment, leaning into the “In America: A Lexicon of Fashion” theme with a wide-brim hat and cowboy gear, also by Ralph Lauren.
Still, while Lopez may have no problem stealing the spotlight with her looks, she’s set to officially take center stage this summer, performing her new tour, “This Is Me…Live | The Greatest Hits,” which she rebranded as a career-spanning concert rather than focus on her latest album.
The series of concerts follows the release of her work, “This Is Me…Now,” as well as a musical film, “This Is Me…Now: A Love Story,” and her documentary, “The Greatest Love Story Never Told.”
Advertisement