At this year’s Met Gala, it wasn’t just the women who dressed to dazzle. Ascending the emerald-dusted carpet that coated the steps–turned–runway at the Met last night, the gracious gents of film, fashion and art plumped for avant-garde accessories and floral embellishments to communicate their interpretation of the Garden of Time dress code. Inspired by a short story written by English novelist J.G. Ballard in 1962, the story chronicles a wealthy Count and Countess as they swan around their blissful and ethereal estate. A tale that oozes with charm, the best menswear looks celebrated the opening of the Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion exhibit by embodying the story’s flair and creativity. 
Headgear was a go-to accessory for some, with co-host Bad Bunny opting for a midnight blue suit with a red silk inseam by Maison Margiela, equipped with a plumply-rimmed Stephen Jones hat. For theatre producer and self-proclaimed “self-expression evangelist”, Jordan Roth, there was no break between the headgear and the rest of the costume, as he donned a custom Valentino gown that fluttered with flowers, only allowing breaks in the fabric for his face and arms. Sean McGirr’s Alexander McQueen was behind Usher‘s threads of choice, with the American singer pairing a sweeping black cape with a wide-brimmed leather hat and hand-carried dripping red roses. 
It was a stellar night for fashion’s biggest brands. Thom Browne sent basketball player Ben Simmons onto the carpet in a stunning suit-and-coat combo, equipped with tartan detailing on the shoulders and collar and paired with a black briefcase adorned with a vintage clock. Model Alton Mason also wore Thom Browne, donning a gaping skirt, high-rise cumberbund and draping coat, artfully constructed in the designer’s signature, grainy materials. Prada decked out an assortment of celebs in its classic ethereal style, with ambassador Troye Sivan walking the carpet in delightful blue shirt and black halter-neck combo, whilst actor Harris Dickinson wore a sleek, brown suit over a white shirt with lime-green embellishments. Nicholas Galitzine shined in Fendi, donning an expertly tailored black suit with subtle floral embossing. Saltburn’s Barry Keogan turned heads in a head-to-toe velvet number by Burberry, complete with pocket watch and top hat. Jack Harlow was a vision in greyscale, wearing an expertly fitted Dior suit with a delicate bouquet pin.
Loewe was another go-to, with ambassador Josh O’Connor both looking dapper as ever in a skinny, split tail train jacket paired with hand-beaded floral boots. O’Connor’s Challengers co-star, Mike Faist, also went with a Loewe look, a slightly simpler double-breasted jacket with cream trousers, decorated with a beaded radish that sat proudly on the lapel
It was a great night for smaller brands too, with actor Colman Domingo wearing a Willy Chavarria cape to pay homage to late, great André Leon Talley and Chadwick Boseman, both of whom wore similar garments when they attended the gala. Lil Nas X stunned as he usually does, wearing a outfit from up-and-coming brand Luar that was covered in over 50,000 Swarovski crystals.
With the ever-alluring option to just wear a plain, black suit and be done with it, the menswear looks at this year’s Met Gala were a knock-out. Let’s hear it for the boys!
Bad Bunny in Maison Margiela Artisanal
Jordan Roth in Valentino
Usher in Alexander McQueen
Ben Simmons in Thom Browne
Troye Sivan in Prada
Harris Dickinson in Prada
Nicholas Galitzine in Fendi
Barry Keogan in Burberry
Jack Harlow in Dior
Josh O’Connor in Loewe
Mike Faist in Loewe
Colman Domingo in Willy Chavarria
Lil Nas X in Luar
10 Magazine © 2024 | Web by Red Dot.