By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  23:43, 6 May 2024   |  Updated:  11:30, 7 May 2024   
 3
View  comments
Emma Mackey looked ethereal as she embraced the Met Gala red carpet on Monday. 
While arriving to the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute, the Sex Education star, 28, was the epitome of chic as she wore a nude ruffled dress. 
Making her Met debut, she turned up to the event as a group alongside Sienna Miller, Chemena Kamali, Greta Gerwig and Zoe Saldana. 
Her garment hung beautifully off her shoulders as the ruffle lining elegantly showcased her petite frame. 
Adding a hint of casualness to her look, she finished off her sensational ensemble with a pair of maroon knee-length boots.
Emma Mackey looked ethereal as she embraced the Met Gala red carpet on Monday. While arriving to the the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute, the Sex Education star, 28,was the epitome of chic as she wore a nude ruffled dress
Keeping her look natural, she opted for a minimal makeup look and let her long brunette tresses flow freely past her shoulders. 
Sienna looked beautiful as she wore a white netted dress which featured a high ruffled neck and a long skirt which framed a shorter hem on the front. 
Chemena cut a classic figure and kept it simple with a white blouse and black trousers. 
Greta looked fabulous as she for an embellished black cloak , designed by Chloe, which she layered over a pair of flared trousers.
Zoe also looked stunning a beige Chloe dressed which featured a gold belt and a ruffled neckline.  
The Costume Institute's spring exhibition falls on the first Monday in May every year and is held at New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art.
This year the event is titled Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion while the dress code is The Garden of Time.
Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth are this year's co-chairs.  Also on the committee is Vogue's Anna Wintour.
She turned up to the event as a group alongside Sienna Miller, Chemena Kamali, Greta Gerwig and Zoe Saldana (L to R)
The honorary chairs for the evening are Loewe creative director Jonathan Anderson and TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew.
'This year's co-chairs reflect a variety of career achievements, and all have distinct style histories with the Met Gala,' Vogue shared.
The showcase will feature approximately 250 items drawn from The Costume Institute's permanent collection - with many of the pieces too fragile to ever be worn again.
The pieces will all be displayed using elements such as AI, GCI, and more while playing up themes of land, sea, and sky. 
'It is very much an ode to nature and the emotional poetics of fashion,' said Andrew Bolton, Wendy Yu Curator in Charge of The Costume Institute, of the upcoming exhibition. 
Her garment beautifully hung off her shoulders as the ruffle lining elegantly showcased her petite frame. Adding a hint of casualness to her look, she finished off her sensational ensemble with a pair of maroon knee-length boots
'One thing I hope this show will activate is that sensorial appreciation of fashion.'
Guests expected to attend include the Kardashians, Blake Lively, Hailey Bieber, Sarah Jessica Parker and Timothee Chalamet. 
Gwendoline Christie, La La Anthony and Ashley Graham are hosting while YouTuber Emma Chamberlain is expected to interview stars on the red carpet. 
Last year's gala honored late designer Karl Lagerfeld. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group