By
The Met Gala is an annual event where celebrities wear designer outfits. Doja Cat stood out this year as she arrived all wet.
The 28-year-old superstar wore the outfit with silver jewelry and clear platformed heels outside the Mark Hotel on her way to an event. Then, for her Met Gala entrance, switched to a wet, see-through t-shirt dress styled by Brett Alan Nelson. 
A post shared by Doja Cat (@dojacat)
A post shared by GURAM GVASALIA (@gvasalia)
Doja Cat arrived at the Metropolitan Museum of Art for the Met Gala with Guram Gvasalia, the Creative Director of Vetements. She wore no undergarments with the revealing T-shirt dress. Her blonde buzz cut was complemented by cascading metallic eye makeup.
This year’s Met Gala theme was “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion.” When asked about her inspiration for the outfit, the “Say So” hitmaker said it is “timeless and poetic.” 
She told Entertainment Tonight: “I know that people were going to do flowers, so my flower of choice was the most-used flower and it’s cotton, and so I wanted to do a white T-shirt because a white T-shirt is timeless and felt very poetic and I knew it wasn’t really going to blend in. I really don’t like to blend in.” 
Doja Cat on how she decided to show up in a wet t-shirt at the #MetGala. pic.twitter.com/XXPvqXCGj9
She added: “I’m actually wet right now. I’m not supposed to give the secret but it’s hair gel. It’s all hair gel and it’s all over. I’m performing, it’s a show tonight. I’m probably going to sit in the chair wet all night.”
Other celebrities at this year’s Met Gala include Cardi B, Tyla, Bad Bunny, and Teyana Taylor.
The superstar had a personal fashion show last week. On Sunday (May 5), she walked around New York City in a two-piece made of plastic wrap. On Monday (May 6), before the Met Gala, she was sensationalized on social media for roaming New York City wearing nothing but a bed sheet and thong. 
A post shared by Doja Cat (@dojacat)
Doja Cat’s outfits made headlines recently as a guest on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. She showed the late-night host her full-body Coachella wig, wearing a sleeveless top with a high neckline and coordinating miniskirt. On the couch, she performed Broadway renditions of her music. As the evening’s musical guest, she performed “Acknowledge Me.”
.@DojaCat has Jimmy try on her full-body @coachella wig! #FallonTonight pic.twitter.com/WSDuCoNHpb
Last month, she received a lot of appreciation on social media for flaunting her surfer body in a sheer two-piece bathing suit. Among those to praise her gorgeous poses in the water were celebrities such as Victoria Monet, Funny Marco, and JWow.
A post shared by Doja Cat (@dojacat)
A post shared by Doja Cat (@dojacat)
Doja Cat headlined back-to-back weekends of Coachella with co-headliner Tyler, The Creator.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97