By TERRY ZELLER and JAMES VITUSCKA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:10, 17 March 2024   |  Updated:  14:02, 17 March 2024   
 129
View  comments
The stars came out for the LA Lakers versus the Golden State Warriors NBA game on Saturday.  
Kim Kardashian treated her son Saint West to the epic rivalry, while Jennifer Lopez got cozy with Ben Affleck courtside at the Crypto.com Arena in downtown Los Angeles.
The makeup mogul, 43, rocked a chic white T-shirt and black leather pants as she soaked in all the sports action alongside her eldest son, 8, who donned a Lakers jersey for the big game.
JLo, 54, exuded casual chic in a sweater and faded denim as she walked alongside her handsome husband, 51, while they escorted his son Samuel, 12, to their enviable seats.
The glitterati led a cavalcade of celebrities at the event, with Bad Bunny, Tyla, and more spotted in the crowd, occupying front and center seats.
Kim Kardashian treated her son Saint West to the Lakers versus the Warriors game in Los Angeles on Saturday
Jennifer Lopez got cozy with Ben Affleck courtside at the Crypto.com Arena in downtown Los Angeles 
Adding a pair of stiletto heels to her fashion mix, Kim looked to be enjoying the game with Saint West. 
At one point, she threw up a peace sign to the shutterbugs, as Saint was busy conversing with his pals sitting next to him.
Along with Saint, Kim also shares North, 11, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four, with her ex Kanye West.
The basketball game comes days after a source told DailyMail.com that Kim and NFL star Odell Beckham Jr. are exclusively dating.
The reality star and the 31-year-old athlete have been publicly linked since September 2023, when speculation began swirling about a potential connection between them.
Now, reports suggest that the two have taken their relationship to the next level and are exclusively dating each other. 
'Kim has been romantically involved with Odell since last summer and thought she had managed to keep it under wraps,' a source told DailyMail.com exclusively. 'She is not seeing anyone else right now – at least not that her close friends know of.'
Explaining why Kim has been unusually coy about her love life, the source stated that the pair agreed to keep things private in order to avoid any false speculation that the Skims mogul is a 'homewrecker'.
The makeup mogul, 43, rocked a chic white T-shirt and black leather pants as she soaked in all the sports action alongside her eldest son, 8,
At one point, she threw up a peace sign to the shutterbugs
Kim's natural beauty took center stage
Adding a pair of stiletto heels to her fashion mix, Kim looked to be enjoying the game with Saint West.
Kim made sure to greet the other fans
Saint lucked out on some goodies from the game
The pair started 'hanging out' following his split from longtime girlfriend Lauren 'LoLo' Wood – with whom he shares one-year-old son Zydn.
Their split was announced in September, but it is unclear when their relationship came to an end.
'Kim really wanted to keep this romance private for two reasons,' the source continued. 'One is that he has a one-year-old son with his ex Lauren Woods. 
'They both wanted to avoid any speculation that he left Lauren for Kim – branding Kim a homewrecker.'
The insider added that another key issue for the new couple is Kim's outspoken ex-husband, Kanye with whom she has four children: North, ten, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four.
'The second reason is to avoid the backlash from Kanye,' they continued. 'After what Kanye put Pete Davidson through, Kim wants to avoid that at all costs. 
'It is only a matter of time now before Kanye says something publicly, but he has no solid proof.' 
Kim and Kanye were married for seven years until their divorce was finalized in November 2022 – one month before he married his current wife Bianca.
Along with Saint, Kim also shares North, 11, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four, with her ex Kanye West
The basketball game comes days after a source told DailyMail.com that Kim and NFL star Odell Beckham Jr . are exclusively dating 
Now, reports suggest that the two have taken their relationship to the next level and are exclusively dating each other 
Explaining why Kim has been unusually coy about her love life , the source stated that the pair agreed to keep things private in order to avoid any false speculation that the Skims mogul is a 'homewrecker'
Meanwhile, Jlo and Ben's outing comes after the actor faced criticism for holding onto love letters from his then-ex and now-wife during his marriage with Jennifer Garner.
The former couple — who were married from 2005 to 2018 — co-parent daughters Violet Anne, 18, Seraphina Rose, 15 and son Samuel, 12. 
Previously, it was reported that Affleck didn't want his love letters to JLo being made public in her new film The Greatest Love Story Never Told. However, insiders revealed to DailyMail.com that it wasn't because he had kept them a secret from his ex-wife.
Garner 's fans were left outraged after Affleck revealed he clung onto his correspondence with Lopez during his 13-year marriage - and later had the letters and emails bound into a book to gift the Jenny from the Block singer when they reunited in 2021.
But insiders have quashed any notion that the admission shocked Garner, insisting she is happy for Affleck and Lopez - who she is friends with - and is also at peace in her relationship with John Miller. 
'Ben would love for the outside world not to know about his love letters, but he is a romantic, and as much as he loved Jennifer, he never got over JLo,' a source told DailyMail.com.
'Ben keeps his memories, whether it is from movies he worked on or family and relationship moments, he always has what the kids call "receipts".'
They continued: 'No one is surprised by this at all. Jennifer is OK with it, JLo obviously loves it and everyone notices that all this was meant to be. 
JLo, 54, exuded casual chic in a sweater and faded denim as she walked hand in hand with her handsome husband, 51, to their enviable seats
Jlo and Ben's outing comes after the actor faced criticism for holding onto love letters from his then-ex and now-wife during his marriage with Jennifer Garner 
Previously, it was reported that Affleck didn't want his love letters to JLo being made public in her new film The Greatest Love Story Never Told. However, insiders revealed to DailyMail.com that it wasn't because he had kept them a secret from his ex-wife
Garner 's fans were left outraged after Affleck revealed he clung onto his correspondence with Lopez during his 13-year marriage - and later had the letters and emails bound into a book to gift the Jenny from the Block singer when they reunited in 2021
But insiders have quashed any notion that the admission shocked Garner, insisting she is happy for Affleck and Lopez - who she is friends with - and is also at peace in her relationship with John Miller
'Ben would love for the outside world not to know about his love letters, but he is a romantic, and as much as he loved Jennifer, he never got over JLo,' a source told DailyMail.com
'Jennifer and Ben have their wonderful children and are both enjoying the relationships they have always wanted to be in.'
Another source said: 'JLo and Jennifer have a good relationship and they have become friends and to think that there is any bad feelings on Jennifer’s part about Ben holding onto JLo's letters is just ridiculous. 
'They have a blended family and Jennifer happily moved on a long time ago with John and the four of them have spent time together on multiple occasions.'
The insider explained that Garner was always aware of Affleck's fond feelings for Lopez.
'Jennifer knew going into her marriage how Ben felt about JLo and it was not a secret,' they continued. 
Ben lovingly held Jennifer's hand
The blended family cheered on their home team
The couple shared a laugh as they left the game
Samuel Affleck and a friend led the way
Stephen Curry posed with Samuel Affleck
Bad Bunny made an appearance at the NBA game
Jennifer and Bad Bunny gave each other a hug
Tyla had all eyes on her while she watched the event
'JLo and Jen have a lot of respect for each other and Jennifer has told JLo how happy she is that she has come back into Ben’s life because she can actually keep him in check. JLo refuses to let him slip into his old ways.'
JLo and Ben first got engaged at the end of 2002 but broke it off a year later before calling quits on their relationship for good in 2004.
In the intervening years, Lopez married and divorced Marc Anthony, with whom she has 15-year-old twins Max and Emme. 
The couple, affectionately known as Bennifer, reunited in July 2021, and finally said 'I do' the following year.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group