Throughout the first of the dual-weekend music extravaganza, it was pretty hard to miss the stripes adorned on every show-goers feet given the label’s track record with the festival 
Throughout the first of the dual-weekend music extravaganza, it was pretty hard to miss the stripes adorned on every show-goers feet given the label’s track record with the festival 
If there’s anyone who can bridge the worlds of streetwear and music, it’s undoubtedly adidas. The athletic gear giant has had a pretty impressive track record popping up at the multi-day festival in some serious style. 
Thinking back to when adidas Originals dominated the desert as one of the festival’s official partners back in 2022, adorning performers like BROCKHAMPTON on-stage and music-lovers both off-stage, with designer and upcycle sensation Sean Wotherspoon customizing 100 vintage archival adidas pieces as he teamed up with Kerwin Frost to gift to adiClub icon members at the festival. 
A year later in 2023, adidas went hand in hand with Latin music sensation Bad Bunny to make spring blossom like never before with an immersive pop-up experience on the festival grounds to celebrate the collaborative release of the Campus Wild Moss kicks.
Now in 2024, adidas certainly paid attention to the musical lineup this season and went with a much-enjoyed, laid-back experience that was tailor-made for each of their special guests to fit the vibe of the weekend. Starting off back in New York City, select invitees got to experience the brand’s official kick-off for the festival season with a special, intimate performance by musician Lucky Daye (donning the classic Samba T-Toe silhouette, of course) at the adidas headquarters. But hours before, select guests got the chance to get styled head to toe by rising stylist xx with custom outfits curated by rising styling sensation Sierra Rena featuring various iterations and colorways of the classic T-Toes sneakers.
Now with an ease into some good tunes and good footwear ready to go, day one of Coachella couldn’t be complete without a celebratory brunch to get all the good vibes going on the right note. Upon arrival, festival goers got to witness what the brand is all about with a curated selection of experiences that ranged from aura readings to glam and nail stations, and of course, some bites and drinks to top it all off. 
And throughout the three-day fete of music, three stripes were popping up everywhere. From VIP to DoLab, a range of musicians, actors, and content creators alike were incorporating some of the brand’s best pieces into their Coachella fits. From the classic Samba silhouette seen on content creator and VMAN digital cover star Noah Beck to the adidas x Gucci Gazelle’s seen on rising actress Xochitl Gomez. 
What’s next for adidas’ harmonious relationship with Coachella? We’ll just have to stay tuned next year to find out. 
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!