"I think at the end of the day, everyone in Puerto Rico is clear on what the best option is," he said.

													By
												

	Isabela Raygoza

Associate Editor, Billboard Español

	During Puerto Rico’s Election Day on Tuesday, Nov. 5, Bad Bunny cast his vote early at Saint John’s School in San Juan. Dressed in a classic salsero style sporting shades, an open-buttoned tee and burgundy pants, the superstar took a moment to address undecided voters. “Listen to your heart,” he advised after submitting his ballot, Telemundo Puerto Rico reported.

	“At the end of the day, everybody in Puerto Rico is clear what the best option is,” Bad Bunny continued. “The Puerto Rican people are not brute, they are not dumb. Puerto Ricans are intelligent, they are brave.  I am sure they know what is the best decision for Puerto Rico.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	His advice to voters comes just a week after he publicly voiced his support for Juan Manuel Dalmau Ramírez, an attorney and gubernatorial candidate representing the Puerto Rican Independence Party. 

	“I would tell them to think about their children, think about their grandchildren, think about their future, think about themselves, about those who have left and would like to return, and to listen to their hearts above what lies they want to invent — not to let themselves be deceived,” he added. “That is what I would tell them. I have already said a lot and I have said it from my heart. I am for Puerto Rico.” 

	In addition to speaking with the media, Benito also took to Instagram Stories to address ongoing issues in Puerto Rico, particularly the challenges faced during previous natural disasters. “The power will go out. The machines will cause problems. It’s raining. But we cannot give up. Let’s exercise our right to vote. And let’s defend it. It will be a long and difficult day, but it will be worth it. Let’s go, Puerto Rico! I have already voted! Go out and vote! For our present and future,” he urged.

	He has previously shown his support to Kamala Harris and spoke up when comedian Tony Hinchcliffe referred to the U.S. commonwealth as a “floating island of garbage” during Donald Trump’s Oct. 27 rally in New York’s Madison Square Garden. 

	See Bad Bunny’s message below: 
A post shared by Telemundo PR (@telemundopr)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.