Manage your account
“Let’s get loud,” Jennifer Lopez told the crowd on Thursday in Las Vegas at Kamala Harris’ “When We Vote We Win” campaign rally at Craig Ranch Amphitheater, a line that references a salsa-fused song from her debut album.
While her call to get Latino voters to the polls was loud and clear, the singer’s look for the evening turned up the volume on the quiet luxury trend in Alex Perry. Lopez wore the brand’s long-sleeve brown crêpe midi dress, featuring a sheath silhouette, crewneck and padded shoulders. She completed the look with brown sandals and diamond rings.
More from WWD
Charli XCX Illuminates in Mirrored Gucci Look for LACMA Art + Film Gala 2024 Red Carpet
Anna Kendrick Wears Strapless Chartreuse Dress for LACMA Art + Film Gala 2024 Red Carpet
Viola Davis Shimmers, Kaia Gerber Sees Green & More LACMA Art + Film Gala 2024 Red Carpet Arrivals
Minimalist shapes, neutral colors, tailored silhouettes and invisible branding are hallmarks of “quiet luxury,” which dominated social media and Google searches throughout 2023 during the final season of “Succession,” which had some viral stealth wealth fashion moments throughout the series run.
Lopez’s appearance at the rally came after racist remarks made by comedian Tony Hinchcliffe at a Donald Trump rally at Madison Square Garden in New York on Sunday, where Hinchcliffe described Puerto Rico as a “floating island of garbage.”
Lopez, who is of Puerto Rican descent, joined a lineup of entertainers who were outraged by the comments, including Bad Bunny and Rosie Perez.
“At Madison Square Garden, he reminded us who he really is and how he really feels,” said Lopez, describing Trump. “It wasn’t just Puerto Ricans who were offended that day, Okay? It was every Latino in this country, it was humanity and anyone of decent character.”
“I am a mother, I am a sister, I am an actor and an entertainer — and I like Hollywood endings  —  I like when the good guy, or in this case, the good girl wins,” she continued. “And with an understanding of our past and faith in our future, I will be casting my ballot for Kamala Harris as the next President of the United States.”
Harris joined Lopez on the stage, thanking her for the endorsement. The Vice President chose a single-button crepe blazer in cobalt blue by Tahari ALS with jeans and kitten heels, a versatile day-to-night outfit that she also wore in the morning at campaign events in Phoenix and Reno, Nevada. Harris has embraced smart workwear for her campaign stops, favoring jeans, shirts, blazers and kitten heels.
Lopez has joined a boldface roster of names who have given their endorsement to Harris in recent weeks, including Beyonce, Kelly Rowland, Willie Nelson and Jessica Alba.
Ahead of the Lopez’s arrival at the rally, Kenneth Cole also showed his support for Puerto Rico, releasing an “I Heart Puerto Rico” T-shirt, with $10 of every purchase donated to the Foundation of Puerto Rico, a nonprofit organization dedicated to economic development on the island.
               View Gallery   
Launch Gallery: Jennifer Lopez's Style Evolution: A Red Carpet Journey [PHOTOS]
Best of WWD
Every Dress Kim Kardashian Has Worn for LACMA Art + Film Gala Red Carpets Through the Years
Every Heidi Klum Halloween Costume Through the Years: 24 Years of Viral Looks
Derek Jeter's Wife Hannah's Style Evolution: From Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Model to Red Carpet Fixture
Sign up for WWD's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.