By 

	Tomás Mier


Bob Weir is voting for Kamala Harris. On Monday, the Grateful Dead founding member shared his endorsement of the Harris-Walz ticket — and a Grateful Dead-inspired T-shirt depicting Democratic presidential nominee and Vice President Kamala Harris and her VP running mate, Tim Walz, as part of the logo.

	“You can see your place in the world as something to defend from those who might want to take some or all of it from you — or you can see it as a grand adventure, a place to make dreams come to fruition for yourself and for others,” Weir wrote. “There is, of course, an in-between place — but the more you lean toward the grand adventure side, the clearer the choice becomes.

	“More good comes from focusing on building a world where disparities aren’t so pronounced that they cause friction and reducing the inequalities that create barriers,” he added. “With these things in mind, I’ve done my research and come to the clear conclusion that I’ll be voting for @KamalaHarris and @TimWalz this time around.”

	









A post shared by Bobby Weir (@bobweir)

	Weir’s post about Harris-Walz follows a lengthy list of celebrities and musicians who have voiced their support for the Democratic candidate for president. Just this weekend, Latin musicians Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny, and Ricky Martin were among the stars to support Harris for president. Rapper GloRilla endorsed Harris earlier on Monday.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Weir’s presidential endorsement also comes just a few days after he paid tribute to his bandmate Phil Lesh following the death of the bassist Friday. Lesh and Weir shared the stage together for nearly 50 years, from the band’s short stint as the Warlocks to their decades-long run as the Grateful Dead to post-Dead acts like The Other Ones and Furthur to the final “Fare Thee Well” shows in 2015. 

	“We had our differences, of course, but it’s not platitudinous to say that that only made our work together more meaningful,” he wrote. “Our conversation and interaction will last, at very least, ‘til the end of my days.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.