By JAMES GORDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM  
 Published:  02:17, 5 November 2024   |  Updated:  12:31, 5 November 2024   
 307
View  comments
Donald Trump Jr. hinted at a wild conspiracy connecting the arrest of Sean 'Diddy' Combs to an alleged blackmail scheme to compel celebrities to endorse Kamala Harris. 
Don Jr. said celebs who endorsed the Democratic nominee are either on an 'Epstein list or a Diddy party list' during a wild rant just hours before polls open in an election that could see his father return to the White House for a second term.
Trump Jr. intimated that Diddy was only arrested in order for Harris to blackmail all the celebrities who went to his parties - apparently the reason so many have come out in recent months to endorse her. 
'Why would anyone, even a liberal celebrity, endorse Kamala Harris? Well, one reason is because we're seeing unprecedented did amounts of pay for play,' Trump Jr. began. 'Again, none of this is organic. It's a paid influencer operation. 
Donald Trump Jr. went on a wild and angry rant on Monday night hours before polls open across the country that could see his father returned to the White House for a second term
Don Jr . appeared to suggest there was a conspiracy at play between the arrest and jailing of hip-hop mogul Sean ' Diddy ' Combs on criminal sex trafficking charges
'Know that the celebrities who aren't getting paid are getting probably paid in another way because they're either on an Epstein list or a Diddy party list or both,' Trump Jr. said.
'We all saw how magically Diddy get's busted and all of a sudden everyone's endorsing the Democrat just out of nowhere. Huh? The people that were endorsing endorsing Trump, we'll "We're going to go the other way now." I wonder why that is?' 
The 'Diddy party list' Trump Jr. makes reference to is the roster of celebrities and notable figures who attended parties hosted by Diddy, particularly his renowned 'White Parties' held between 1998 and 2009. 
The exclusive events, characterized by a strict all-white dress code, attracted high-profile guests from the entertainment industry and included Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lopez, Jay-Z, Beyoncé, Kim Kardashian, Paris Hilton, Mariah Carey, and Ashton Kutcher, among others. 
While many celebs attended Diddy's public events, there is no evidence to suggest that the guests were aware of or involved in any alleged illicit activities.
Last month Vice President Kamala Harris, left, was endorsed by Beyoncé, right
Beyonce and her husband Jay-Z, right, were among the most famous names to appear at Combs, left, events
Meanwhile, the term 'Epstein list' refers to various compilations of individuals associated with Jeffrey Epstein, the financier and convicted sex offender who killed himself in 2019.
Oddly enough, former president Donald Trump and his wife Melania have been pictured with both Diddy and Epstein. 
Various lists have been complied from different sources, including Epstein's address books, flight logs from his private jets and unsealed court documents. 
Of course, it is debatable what effect celebrity endorsements have on voters, but candidates always welcome them.
Music megastars Beyoncé and Taylor Swift were the biggest names to come out for Kamala. 
Last month Beyoncé spoke in front of a 30,000-strong crowd in her home town of Houston, Texas.  
Former flame of Combs, ­Jennifer Lopez, has also endorsed Kalama Harris. She has yet to comment publicly on the charges against him
Donald Trump and wife Melania are pictured with Diddy
Trump and wife Melania with Jeffrey Epstein and jailed madam Ghislaine Maxwell
'I’m not here as a celebrity, I’m not here as a politician. I’m here as a mother … Imagine our daughters growing up seeing what’s possible with no ceilings, no limitations. …We must vote, and we need you,' she said.  
Swift, endorsed the Harris only minutes after the presidential debate in September.
In an Instagram post published to her 283 million followers, Swift wrote: 'I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the 2024 presidential election … I think she is a steady-handed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos.'
Other celebrity endorsements for Harris include Bruce Springsteen, Stevie Wonder, Willie Nelson, Oprah Winfrey, Julia Roberts, Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny, Usher, Lizzo, Cardi B and Eminem. 
Those turning out for Trump include former wrestler Hulk Hogan, Elon Musk, Kid Rock, Kanye West, Russell Brand, Mel Gibson and Dr. Phil.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group