“Saturday Night Live” has remained an iconic symbol of New York City since the sketch comedy show first aired in 1975. And while the long-running series still calls the Big Apple home, it’s paid tribute to Boston and the Bay State on quite a few occasions over the course of its 50 seasons. From Casey Affleck’s fan-favorite Dunkin’ sketch to Kenan Thompson’s iconic impression of former Red Sox slugger David Ortiz, here are eight unforgettable Boston-related skits and moments featured on “SNL.”
Long before his older brother Ben was crowned a DunKing, Casey Affleck was out to prove that he was “the face of Dunkin’ Donuts” in an internet-breaking “SNL” spoof from 2016. Sporting a Bruins cap and a heavy Boston accent, Affleck plays Dunkin’ diehard fan Donny, a chain-smoking townie who gets into a few scuffles while hanging out at his favorite local Dunks. “I [expletive] love Dunkin’, guy,” he declares at the start of the sketch before causing mayhem for the shop’s staff and customers. Nearly a decade later, Affleck once again channeled his inner Bostonian while starring in a Dunkin’ commercial opposite Matt Damon tied to their Boston-set heist flick “The Instigators.”
Advertisement
What do “real Bostonians” think of Sam Adams’s pumpkin-flavored beers? Well, Canton comic Bill Burr brewed up a few uncensored thoughts while playing a local taste tester in a hit skit from 2020. Wearing a Celtics jersey complete with several layers of sweater-weather garb, Burr’s character drops a few expletives then spits out his drink after his first taste of the seasonal beer before going on to chug the brew. Several drinks later, a riled up Burr gets into a brawl with his character’s construction worker son, played by Mikey Day, who also appeared as a similar character in Affleck’s 2016 Dunkin’ skit.
Advertisement
Lexington native Rachel Dratch and future “Tonight Show” host Jimmy Fallon teamed up to bring fans a hilarious take on young adults in the Bay State with the recurring “Boston Teens” skit. Debuting in 1999, Dratch and Fallon played local lovebirds and foul-mouthed rabble-rousers Denise and Sully more than a dozen times on the show, most recently returning as the beloved characters in 2017. As devoted Red Sox fans who can’t help but drop their “r’s” while yelling out “Nomah” or “you ahh” before making out, the dynamic duo often found themselves in familiar settings, including a Cumberland Farms or the ski lift at Wachusett Mountain. While local stars like Ben Affleck, Conan O’Brien, and even former Red Sox shortstop Nomar Garciaparra have appeared in these skits, one of the more memorable entries involved Denise and Sully having a birthday dinner at Anthony’s Pier 4 (RIP) with Denise’s pyromaniac brother Danny, played by Justin Timberlake.
The saying “they hate us because they ain’t us” was just as true in 1775 as it is now. The day before the Patriots took on the Eagles at the Super Bowl in 2018, “SNL” poked fun at New England fans for their boastful ways during the team’s dynasty run. In a skit set during the Revolutionary War, a contingent from New England meets with their counterparts from Philadelphia, with the latter dreading the visit after a big win at the Battle of Bunker Hill. “Now we have to hear the boasting from the patriots of New England,” Beck Bennett’s character says before the New England group (featuring Dratch and Harvard alum Natalie Portman) loudly enter the room. “We are the patriots of New England, and we are unstoppable!” Dratch’s character yells with a Massachusetts accent while hoisting up a brew with the rest of her crew.
Advertisement
Who’s hungry for mofongo? Kenan Thompson absolutely cooked with his impression of David Ortiz during his many appearances as the famed Red Sox slugger on Weekend Update, where he always discussed the delicious food he planned to eat. Thompson debuted the character more than a decade ago, but returned as the World Series-winning designated hitter on several occasions to discuss his beloved mofongo, even after Ortiz’s retirement from baseball. In 2018, Thompson’s Big Papi shared his big plans for life after baseball with Weekend Update host and Harvard alum Colin Jost — while also teasing the menu for his “big lunch.” During the pandemic in 2020, Thompson brought his Ortiz back for the “Big Papi Cooking Show” sketch, serving up another big Dominican lunch with some help from singer Bad Bunny.
Western Massachusetts got a shoutout in a hilarious one-off skit from 2011 featuring Thompson, Jason Sudeikis, Fred Armisen, and Jason Segel as the fictional soft-rock quartet the Blue Jean Committee. “We come from a little place called Northampton, Mass. Have you heard of it?” Segel’s piano-playing character asks the crowd as the band kicks off its set. Armisen would reuse the group’s moniker for his IFC series “Documentary Now!” in 2015, teaming up with Bill Hader for a two-part mockumentary episode on a band called Blue Jean Committee. Armisen and Hader released an actual album titled “Catalina Breeze” as the group in 2015. It consisted of seven songs that, combined, clock in at just over 10 minutes.
Advertisement
After the Yankees fell to the Angels during the 2002 MLB playoffs, Red Sox fans Matt Damon and Seth Meyers joined forces on Weekend Update to offer some friendly advice to fans of the Evil Empire. Since the segment aired before Boston broke the Curse of the Bambino in 2004, Damon and Meyers were (unfortunately) accustomed to big losses at the time, with Meyers telling Yankees fans after the loss, “now you know what Matt, myself, and thousands like us go through every year. We’re experts in heartbreaking failure.” Damon later chimes in to remind fans to breathe, adding, “When the ball went through Buckner’s legs in ‘86, I was hospitalized for like a week.”
Patriots fans probably want to forget everything about Deflategate, but the controversy was top of mind for “SNL” writers in 2015. The show didn’t shy away from tackling the subject during its 40th season, poking fun at press conference remarks by then-head coach Bill Belichick and quarterback Tom Brady. “As you can tell, I’m taking this very seriously. That’s why I got dressed up,” Bennett’s Belichick grumbles before laying all the blame with Taran Killam’s Brady, who also denies taking part in deflating footballs. “I’m not worried about the air pressure in the ball, that’s nerd stuff,” Killam claims. According to him, he simply doesn’t know these things because he’s not a “science computer.”
Advertisement
Matt Juul can be reached at matthew.juul@globe.com.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information