From Ryan Gosling’s TAG Heuer to RDJ’s Jaeger-LeCoultre, pink was the colour of the Oscars

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The 96th Academy Awards or Oscars took place on Sunday night, and it was an evening to remember. Putting aside the emotional acceptance speeches, naked presenters and the ‘I’m Just Ken’ performance, the clothes, jewellery and watches worn by attendees were outstanding.
With actors dressed to the nines, many of the best watches were on display, including flashy and classy timepieces from the likes of TAG Heuer, Omega, Rolex, Cartier, Jaeger-LeCoultre and many more. I only really watch the Oscars to see what everyone is wearing, and I noticed that my favourite watches from the event all had one thing in common: pink!
Starting with Ryan Gosling, his pink sparkling suit during his ‘I’m Just Ken’ performance wasn’t the only pop of pink in his outfit. As brand ambassador to TAG Heuer, Gosling wore the TAG Heuer Carrera Date Plasma Diamant d’Avant-Garde in pink on the red carpet and during his performance. The watch debuted at LVMH Watch Week this year, and marks the second time TAG Heuer has incorporated lab-grown coloured diamonds into its designs.
The TAG Heuer Carrera Date Plasma Diamant d’Avant-Garde worn by Gosling at the Oscars featured a 36mm white gold case and a 2.9 carat lab-grown dial. The star of the show was a shield-shaped lab-grown pink diamond just underneath the 12 o’clock marker, and a 1.3 carat pink diamond on the crown. Was the watch’s pink accents a nod to Barbie? Probably yes, but other actors also choose a pink or rose theme with their watches this year.
Winner of Best Supporting Actor, Robert Downey Jr wore the Jaeger-LeCoultre Reverso Tribute which featured a reversible pink gold case. Classy, intricate and with a fun rectangular shape, the watch stood out and its toned-down watch dial made the pink gold the star of the show.
Another pink timepiece was worn by Bradley Cooper who donned the Louis Vuitton Tambour in rose gold. The 40mm watch uses 18 karat rose gold for the bracelet, case and dial accents, including the hands and hour markers. A combination of sporty and chic, the Tambour is a fun unisex watch, thanks to its thinner case and versatility.
While pink diamonds and rose gold were prominent at the Oscars, other eye-catching watches came in the shape of squares and rectangles. I’ve already spoken about RDJ’s Jaeger-LeCoultre Reverso Tribute, but other noteworthy watches include Glen Powell’s TAG Heuer Monaco with its iconic square shape, and Bad Bunny’s Cartier Tank Cintree with a platinum and white gold skeleton design.
Get all the latest news, reviews, deals and buying guides on gorgeous tech, home and active products from the T3 experts
Omega and Rolex were also worn by many including Best Actor winner, Cillian Murphy who wore the Omega De Ville Prestige. For Rolex, its brand ambassador, Roger Federer wore the Rolex Daytona ‘Le Mans’ while John Cena boldly wore the Rolex Explorer II and nothing else as he presented the award for Best Costume Design in the buff!
The Oscars 2024 were truly a masterclass for luxury watches, and as award season draws to a close, I’m excited to see what other timepieces will make their mark this year.
Beth is Home Editor for T3, looking after style, living and wellness. From the comfiest mattresses to strange things you can cook in an air fryer, Beth covers sleep, yoga, smart home, coffee machines, watches, grooming tools, fragrances, gardening and much more. If it's something that goes in your house, chances are Beth knows about it and has the latest reviews and recommendations! She's also in the know about the latest deals and discount codes from top brands and retailers.
Having always been passionate about writing, she’s written for websites, newspapers and magazines on a variety of topics, from jewellery and culture, to food and telecoms. You can find her work across numerous sites, including Wedding Ideas Magazine, Health & Wellbeing, The Bristol Post, Fashion & Style Directory, TechRadar, CreativeBloq and more. In her spare time, Beth enjoys running, reading, baking and attempting craft projects that will probably end in disaster!

Harman Kardon's Onyx Studio 9 is a mid-size portable Bluetooth speaker that delivers big sound


Merrell’s Moab Speed 2 are supportive, incredibly lightweight and look great too


This classically beautiful watch is inspired by Japanese silk


Louis Vuitton debuts Tambour collection, and they’re the most unusual watches we’ve seen


Inspired by a pocketwatch, Breguet’s latest is a one-hand wonder of watch design


Omologato celebrates a decade of watchmaking with new Arnage 24h GMT, inspired by sunrise at Le Mans.


Blue dials are my favourite watch trend of 2025 – here’s why


We’re totally besotted by these diamond-bezelled beauties from Girard-Perregaux


A sailing watch favoured by JFK Jr. is back on the scene


Which of these nine new Hamilton watches is your favourite?


T3 is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.