By MARGARET ABRAMS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:42, 15 October 2024   |  Updated:  22:45, 15 October 2024   
 6
View  comments
Crocs surprised its devoted fans when the footwear brand announced a partnership with pet supply company Barkbox and released 'legitimate Dog Crocs' for a limited-time only.
Crocs announced the news on Instagram this week with a post that read, 'When owners start looking like their dogs >>>' and showed a human wearing tie-dyed pink rubber shoes while their pups showed off a matching 'dragon fruit' pair and a 'green slime' option.  
On the Crocs website, the brand explains, 'You asked, we woofed! They're here – your very own Crocs made just for your four-legged best friend.' 
The two colorways are both glow-in-the-dark and come in three sizes 'to accommodate paws of all sizes,' with matching classic lined Crocs available for adults.
Many followers were excited, although they had questions about their particular pet - and on TikTok, commenters were split, especially because of the high price point. 
Crocs surprised its devoted fans when the footwear brand announced a partnership with pet supply company Barkbox and released 'legitimate Dog Crocs' for a limited-time only
On the Crocs website, the brand explains, 'You asked, we woofed! They're here – your very own Crocs made just for your four-legged best friend'
On TikTok, pet owners were divided after a Venice, California-based creator announced, 'The Crocs marketing team deserves a raise,' and joked, 'Throw them a bone'
The video quickly went viral, as the Californian creator announced that the dog Crocs cost $50 while the matching human pair will set you back $65
'Where are the cat crocs???' was a popular question on Instagram. 
Other people wondered if the sizes (which go up to 80 pounds) would fit larger breeds like St. Bernards or Great Danes.  
On TikTok, pet owners were divided after a Venice, California-based creator with the username shared the news and announced, 'The Crocs marketing team deserves a raise,' and joked, 'Throw them a bone.' 
The video quickly went viral, as the Californian creator announced that the dog Crocs cost $50 while the matching human pair will set you back $65. 
The creator also researched and found that similar dog shoes retail for similar prices, but there aren't matching options for owners other than the previously viral MSCHF Big Red Boots, which were a hit with celebrities and retail for closer to $600. 
Plenty of stars are fans of Crocs, as well, including Kendall Jenner, Margot Robbie, Travis Kelce, Justin Bieber, Bad Bunny, and JoJo Siwa. 
Some TikTok users adored the innovative shoes, calling them 'pawesome.' 
However, some commenters were put off by the high price, with one writing, '$50 for dog crocs is crazy. They go for like 45-60 for humans!' and another asking, 'but why are they the same price as OUR crocs?' 
Some TikTok users adored the innovative shoes, calling them 'pawesome,' while others wondered why they were almost the same price as the adult option
The two colorways are both glow-in-the-dark and come in three sizes 'to accommodate paws of all sizes,' with matching classic lined Crocs available for adults
Wagwear even got in on the conversation, posting on Instagram, 'That's cute,' while throwing subtle shade at the Crocs collaboration. 
'The miss was not selling Croc charms made out of dog treats!' another commenter quipped, and the creator responded, 'my dog would eat my feet.' 
'My dog would hate me so much for this,' one person said. 
Other people suggested their favorite pup brands, like Wagwear, which offers $39 versions for the snow and sand.
Wagwear even got in on the conversation, posting on Instagram, 'That's cute.'
The dog lifestyle brand reminded their followers that 'Dog moms/dog dads can already match their dog' and that they're 'the OG dog shoe designed for dogs,' even doing a giveaway of their products. 
Wagwear's followers rushed to their defense, commenting, 'Wagwellies will always be better because they're made by an actual dog company.'
'Wonder where they got the idea from,' another supporter joked. 
The clunky clogs can be customized with with charms called 'Jibbitz' that come in thousands of different designs that appeal to Gen Z and Gen Alpha 
Stars like Justin Bieber (pictured wearing Crocs), and rapper Post Malone have worked with Crocs to create their own designs, which were quickly snapped up by young fans
While Crocs were once considered 'ugly,' they've been embraced by high-fashion brands and celebrities no adore the resin footwear  
Despite the shade, Crocs - which is a massive hit with Gen Z and Gen Alpha - is constantly growing.
The brand boasts high-fashion collaborations with Balenciaga and has been spotted on the runway. 
Crocs has collaborated with Disney on a pair of Lightning McQueen-inspired Crocs from Cars, which sold out in under an hour.  
It helps that younger generations like personalization, and the clunky clogs can be customized with with charms called 'Jibbitz' that come in thousands of different designs.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group