Urban music singer Feid is living one of the sweetest moments in his personal life and career. However, a threat has just appeared that could tarnish the good moment.
It is a lawsuit filed by a business group that allegedly invested to boost his career between 2016 and 2017.
The information was revealed by the Colombian press, where it was revealed that the plaintiffs filed a legal claim on Monday, September 24, through lawyer Mauricio Maestre. It claims that Salomón Villada Hoyos, as artist known as Ferxxo is named, has not fulfilled his financial obligations to his investors.
According to the Colombian newspaper El Tiempo, among those suing Feid is his ex-manager, Juan Pablo Piedrahíta, and other businessmen, who allegedly contributed the funds for the growth of his popularity.
"It's the classic story of an artist who, upon reaching fame, forgets about those who trusted him from the beginning and helped him reach the top," Maestre said during a thread shared on his X (formerly Twitter) account.
According to Maestre, the money was destined to his promotion and physical image, including plastic interventions and outfits. He also added that he has proof that "the 'Feid' trademark is registered in Colombia and is owned by all involved, recognizing the right to fair compensation for its use," he added.
The legal agreement, which dates back to 2013, said that between 2 and 5% of the profits should go back into the pockets of those who backed it, they said.
So far,  Ferxxo and his team have remained silent about the accusations, but the company backing him assured that they tried to resolve the controversy in an "amicable manner".
Likewise, his record label Universal Music has not issued a statement on the matter either, especially after his agreement was signed in 2016 when the five-year contract he signed with the group of businessmen was still supposed to be in force.
It should be noted that the career of the creator of hits such as 'Brickell', 'Yandel 150', 'Un Chorrito Pa' Las Animas' and 'Perro Negro', his song with Bad Bunny that was chosen by former US president Barack Obama as one of his favorites of the summer of 2024, did not take off until he changed management team.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2p6O7EmroEs&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.enstarz.com%2F&source_ve_path=MjM4NTE
Sign up for our free newsletter for the Latest coverage!