Alyce Collins is a Newsweek Life and Trends reporter based in Birmingham, U.K. with a focus on trending topics that are both engaging and relatable. Since 2019, she has covered a variety of human-interest stories, from health concerns, wellbeing, fitness and beauty trends. Alyce joined Newsweek in 2023, having previously worked in U.K. press agencies to supply stories to a range of newspapers and magazines. She is a graduate of the University of York. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Alyce by emailing a.collins@newsweek.com
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
At most weddings, one of the biggest moments is when the bride finally makes her grand entrance, and the ceremony can finally begin. But at one Texas wedding, it was the maid of honor's spectacular solo entrance which stole the show as she danced down the aisle.
As the maid of honor at her sister's wedding, Brianna Perez, 25, knew she had an important role to play, and what better way to kickstart the day than strutting into the ceremony? The bride and groom, Ivette Aponte and Benjamin Aponte, asked everyone in the wedding parties to pick their own entrance song, with Perez telling Newsweek that they wanted "to have fun with it."
Perez, from Dallas, certainly didn't hold back as she chose the "Yo Perreo Sola" by Bad Bunny, which celebrates women wanting to dance and have a great time regardless of being alone. As Perez had to walk down the aisle by herself, this was the perfect choice to boost her confidence.
"I began to walk down the staircase and that's when the saying 'fake it until you make it' came into play. My heart was racing, but the song starts off with a girl saying how she no longer cares for the attention of men, and that she parties alone—so I pretended I was like her," Perez said.
"Because the song was very extra, I decided to add a prop (the sunglasses) for extra flare as I didn't have a dance planned, and I thought it'd be a funny detail that would come as a surprise since I hid them in my bouquet."
Not only did the sunglasses look incredibly chic, but Perez said they helped shield how nervous she felt deep down as she partied her way to the altar. She even found time to blow a kiss towards the person filming.
Despite her nerves and "just winging it," Perez couldn't have been happier with how she did, and perhaps most importantly, the bride and groom loved it too.
Perez continued: "I'm really happy with my entrance because not only did it go well, but I was able to express that, although I'm walking alone, I'm still having a good time and am happy on my own.
"The stairs were steep, I was in heels, and I was so nervous since this was all a first attempt. Once it was time for me to dance alone, I mentally blacked out. I don't remember much after I stepped off the staircase, I just went with the beat and made my way to the other side of the venue."
Following the wedding in January, Perez shared the footage of her memorable entrance on TikTok (@brianna.mperez) to share with her followers. The video has gone viral with more than 19 million views and over 2.7 million likes.
The social media reaction has been unbelievable as Perez never expected her video to generate so much attention. Many people found it funny or were inspired to replicate this at their next wedding, but what the maid of honor is most delighted about is that she can encourage others "to feel excited and empowered" about walking alone at a wedding.
"I haven't attended many weddings, but I didn't realize it was unusual to walk alone until a few days before when a family member expressed concern. That moment was when I realized some of our guests may have similar opinions, which inspired the song choice and captions I added to the video," Perez told Newsweek.
"If anything, the pressure surrounding whether or not someone walks alone is what I find unusual because it's such a small detail in the grand scheme, and, ultimately, since when was walking alone a bad thing?"
Needless to say, Perez earned heaps of praise for her epic wedding entrance, and the TikTok post has already amassed over 2,000 comments. One person wrote: "Now that's on real confidence."
Another person responded: "She slayed! But can we get a back story? Lol."
While another TikToker joked: "MOH left absolutely no crumbs."
Do you have viral wedding videos or pictures that you want to share? We want to see the best ones! Send them in to life@newsweek.com and they could appear on our site. 
Alyce Collins is a Newsweek Life and Trends reporter based in Birmingham, U.K. with a focus on trending topics that are both engaging and relatable. Since 2019, she has covered a variety of human-interest stories, from health concerns, wellbeing, fitness and beauty trends. Alyce joined Newsweek in 2023, having previously worked in U.K. press agencies to supply stories to a range of newspapers and magazines. She is a graduate of the University of York. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Alyce by emailing a.collins@newsweek.com
Alyce Collins is a Newsweek Life and Trends reporter based in Birmingham, U.K. with a focus on trending topics that are both engaging and relatable. Since 2019, she has covered a variety of human-interest stories, from health concerns, wellbeing, fitness and beauty trends. Alyce joined Newsweek in 2023, having previously worked in U.K. press agencies to supply stories to a range of newspapers and magazines. She is a graduate of the University of York. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Alyce by emailing a.collins@newsweek.com
Alyce Collins is a Newsweek Life and Trends reporter based in Birmingham, U.K. with a focus on trending topics that                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC