Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Griselda, the upcoming series starring Sofía Vergara, hits Netflix tomorrow. And while we’re all thrilled to see the former Modern Family star taking on a darker role, there’s been buzz about the cast featuring another famous face ahead of its debut.
Karol G — the Colombian singer-songwriter known for hits like “PROVENZA,” “QLONA,” and her collab with Bad Bunny entitled “Ahora Me Llama”  — shared pics and a video from the Griselda premiere on Instagram, posing alongside Vergara and the cast.
As for more intel on this “fictionalized dramatization,” Vergara — who also serves as an executive producer — transforms into the show’s namesake and infamous Colombian drug lord Griselda Blanco, who was popularly deemed “The Godmother” over the course of her rein, per Netflix’s synopsis.
“Griselda was not really talked about often,” said Vergara, per the show’s press notes. “She definitely was not as famous as someone like Pablo Escobar, but even he was scared of her at the time. She stood on her own, and we’ve never seen a drug lord organize a shipment of cocaine from Colombia, and then go home to take care of her three kids. Imagine, like, Tony Montana packing a lunch box.”
Other cast members include Alberto Guerra, Christian Tappan, Martín Rodriguez, Juliana Aidén Martinez, and Vanessa Ferlito.
But, back to that Karol G premiere appearance — is the superstar singer in Griselda? If so, who does she play? We’ve got answers. Here is everything we know:
A post shared by KAROL G (@karolg)
The answer is yes! Karol G — whose real name is Carolina Giraldo — portrays Carla, a sex worker from Medellín working under Blanco’s cartel in Miami as a drug runner. During last night’s premiere event, she spoke with Entertainment Tonight about making her “acting debut,” noting that she was “really nervous” and that she ultimately accepted a smaller role than what she was initially offered.
“They came [to] me with a different character, they wanted me more in the series,” she explained. “But I was like, wait, this is my first time doing this, and I think I’m going to accept something less. I want to start just learning first.”
Griselda hits Netflix Thursday, Jan. 25.

This story has been shared 3,351 times.
3,351


This story has been shared 3,011 times.
3,011


This story has been shared 1,592 times.
1,592


This story has been shared 1,044 times.
1,044


This story has been shared 1,022 times.
1,022


This story has been shared 739 times.
739


This story has been shared 661 times.
661


This story has been shared 511 times.
511


This story has been shared 458 times.
458


This story has been shared 389 times.
389


This story has been shared 368 times.
368


This story has been shared 307 times.
307


This story has been shared 306 times.
306


This story has been shared 243 times.
243


This story has been shared 223 times.
223