The Mexican and Puerto Rican superstars join forces on "Peso Completo."

													By
												

	Isabela Raygoza

Associate Editor, Billboard Español

	With sunglasses and donning all-black, Peso Pluma and Arcángel took the stage at the 2024 Latin American Music Awards to perform their joint single “Peso Completo.”

	Accompanied by 2 dozen black-clad people with their faces covered and standing in two rows amid scaffolding — and exuding mysterious vibes — the Mexican and Puerto Rican superstars delivered the quintessential Latin trap song of 2024 so far. With “Peso Completo,” both artists continue to demonstrate their musical versatility.

	










	Peso Pluma proves that his voice sounds just as compelling outside the música Mexicana spectrum, and Arcángel’s chameleon-like pipes also intrigue with R&B tones, sounding perfect for the sly Latin trap banger. 

	“I want to know if you guys like the music of Mr. Santos. The one who started making trap before everyone else. This bastard is an idol for me. Let’s hear the shout out loud for Arcángel!” chants Peso Pluma in the last interlude.

	“¡Arriba Puerto Rico, arriba México, viejo!,” shouted Peso Pluma at the end of their set. 

	The 2024 Latin AMAs took place Thursday, April 25, live from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas via Univision.

	Hitmakers Feid and Peso Pluma lead this year’s list of nominations with 12 nods each. The Colombian singer and Mexican star, who are up for the coveted artist of the year award and album of the year award, are followed by top nominees Bad Bunny (11), Grupo Frontera (11), Karol G (9), Shakira (9), Eslabon Armado (8) and Fuerza Regida (8). 

	Thalia, Becky G, Alejandra Espinoza and Carlos Ponce co-hosed the award ceremony that presented in a combination of English and Spanish, marking the first time any major U.S. award show featured a bilingual broadcast.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.