By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:19, 1 May 2024   |  Updated:  01:26, 1 May 2024   
 107
View  comments
Lisa Rinna flaunted her toned frame while sporting a sultry ensemble in a throwback video uploaded to Instagram on Tuesday. 
The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills alum, 60 - who recently glammed up at the Daily Front Row Fashion Awards - also showed off her dance skills while grooving to Rihanna's hit track, S&M. 
The TV personality donned a black, lacy bra as well as matching bottoms from Rihanna's lingerie brand, Savage x Fenty, in the clip - which was previously uploaded a few years earlier in 2019. 
She additionally sported a pair of comfy, gray sweatpants that were pulled up towards her lower waist. 
Her brunette locks were parted in the middle, and flowed down in light waves to brush the tips of her shoulders while her bangs gently fell onto her forehead. 
Lisa Rinna, 60, flaunted her toned frame while sporting a sultry ensemble in a throwback video uploaded to Instagram on Tuesday
The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills alum also showed off her dance skills while grooving to Rihanna's hit track, S&M
Natural sunlight streamed through an open window as she showed off her sculpted midriff and glowing skin while dancing to the song near the entrance of a bathroom. 
Earlier this year in January, Lisa opened up about the topic of aging during an interview with Cosmopolitan.  
'I've thought a lot about it, because I just turned 60 in July, and there's this whole thing about aging gracefully. And I'm like, "F*** it. I'm going to age disgracefully."'
She later added, 'I think it is about passion. You can't fight aging. Aging is going to happen. How do I do it so that I feel good and I'm happy?' 
'That's what I'm looking for, and I'm still passionate, and I'm still curious about life. I don't necessarily need to look like I'm 20 years old, though that's fun if you can get it...' 
The Days Of Our Lives star continued, 'It's about how do you morph yourself into this era and still feel good, be curious, be passionate, and be happy?'
In the caption of the post, Rinna penned to her 3.7 million fans and followers that she is getting ready for the 2024 MET Gala which will be held on Monday, May 6 and also revealed who she was thrilled to see at the glitzy event in NYC. 
'Well, 2 things, I'm really excited to see @badgirlriri at the Met Gala next Monday- and a lot of you seem very nervous about my last outfit choice so, Cheers. wearing @savagexfenty.' 
The TV personality donned a black, lacy bra as well as matching bottoms from Rihanna's lingerie brand, Savage x Fenty, in the clip - which was previously uploaded a few years earlier in 2019
Her brunette locks were parted in the middle, and flowed down in light waves to brush the tips of her shoulders while her bangs gently fell onto her forehead
Natural sunlight streamed through an open window as she showed off her sculpted midriff and glowing skin while dancing to the song near the entrance of a bathroom
Earlier this year in January, Lisa opened up about the topic of aging during an interview with Cosmopolitan
The star-studded festivities annaully take place at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in the heart of the Big Apple on the first Monday in May. 
This year, the hosts for the event include Zendaya, Chris Hemsworth, Jennifer Lopez and also Bad Bunny, per Vogue. 
The MET Gala will celebrate the new exhibition called Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion with the dress code being The Garden of Time. 
Lisa has been filtering though a busy schedule and recently attended the Daily Front Row Fashion Awards on Sunday at the iconic Beverly Hills Hotel. 
She wore a long-sleeved, off-white dress from Wiederhoeft that also had rows of black ribbon details throughout the material. 
The star slipped into a pair of closed-toed, black heels that had sparkling, silver rhinestone embellishments on top. 
Rinna opted to not add any flashy pieces of jewelry to allow the outfit to be the main focal point at the event. 
The TV personality was also joined by husband, Harry Hamlin, as well as daughters Amelia Gray and Delilah Belle - who was accompanied by boyfriend, Henry Eikenberry.  
In the caption of the post, Rinna penned to her 3.7 million fans and followers that she is getting ready for the 2024 MET Gala which will be held on Monday, May 6 and also revealed who she was thrilled to see at the glitzy event in NYC
Lisa has been filtering though a busy schedule and recently attended the Daily Front Row Fashion Awards on Sunday at the iconic Beverly Hills Hotel
The TV personality was also joined by husband, Harry Hamlin, as well as daughters Amelia Gray and Delilah Belle - who was accompanied by boyfriend, Henry Eikenberry
During the ceremony, Lisa's daughter Amelia was notably honored with the Model of the Year Award. 
While talking to Us Weekly at the event, Rinna said, 'You know, it's really interesting. I just posted a photo today from seven years ago and we had come to this event and Gigi Hadid was getting the Model of the Year Award.' 
'Here we are and Amelia is Model of the Year. It is mind blowing. It's just mind blowing how life can evolve and you can get what you want. She absolutely wanted this.' 
Amelia also gushed to the outlet, 'This is a special one. I am very blessed and I come from a privileged family, but I think that I am sort of walking proof of how manifestation works.' 
The model also gave a piece of advice and added, 'Follow your dreams. Don't give up apply yourself.' 
During the ceremony, Lisa's daughter Amelia was notably honored with the Model of the Year Award (seen above) 
Earlier this month, the reality star opened up about having a modeling agent once again at the age of 60
'Welp at 60 I have a new Model agent. Don't sleep on me That's what I say. @thelionsmgmt,' she concluded
Lisa has also been working hard in the modeling industry such as appearing on the cover of CR Fashion Book last year as well as Numéro Magazine. 
Earlier this month, the reality star opened up about having a modeling agent once again at the age of 60. 
While taking to her Instagram stories, the actress typed out, 'Last time I had a modeling agent was Wilhelmina in the late 80's.' 
'Welp at 60 I have a new Model agent. Don't sleep on me That's what I say. @thelionsmgmt,' she concluded.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group