Kirsten Dunst attends the 2023 Baby2Baby Gala Presented By Paul Mitchell at Pacific Design Center on November 11, 2023 in West Hollywood, California.
Kirsten Dunst is joining a list of female actors who believe she's being typecast in roles because of her age. In a new cover story for Marie Claire published Tuesday (March 4), the Bring It On star revealed she hasn't acted in two years. Dunst, who is a mother of two young sons, tells the publication the only roles she has been offered were "sad mom" roles.

A post shared by

Dunst, 41, is returning to the big screen in A24's forthcoming dystopian sci-fi film, Civil War. We last saw her star in 2021's The Power of the Dog, alongside her husband, Jesse Plemons, Benedict Cumberbatch, and Kodi Smit-McPhee. She opened up about how demoralizing it was to experience firsthand Hollywood’s gender-specific ageism. "To be honest, that’s been hard for me… because I need to feed myself,” she said. Dunst added that the hardest thing is being a mom and every mom not feeling like she has anything for herself. She then claimed, "There's definitely less good roles for women my age."
Instead of surrendering to sad motherhood, the award-winning actress hard-pivoted to what she calls “elevated action.” Reading the script for the Alex Garland-directed film, she felt was unlike any other work she's done before. Garland directed other sci-fi greats like Ex Machina and Annhilation. With mutual respect for each other's work, Garland praised Dunst's long acting career for her character in the upcoming film. He told the publication that Dunst has "a deep level of craft, and crucially for this role, she has soul. It's in her eyes, and her gaze, which felt perfect for a photographer."
Elsewhere in the interview, Dunst admits she would do another superhero movie? Not because she necessarily loves the genre, but she bluntly states, "because you get paid a lot of money, and I have two children, and I support my mother."
Dunst isn’t the only actress to talk about the challenges she’s faced in acting as she’s gotten older. Jennifer Lawrence and Anne Hathaway are just a few actresses who we have previously written about their experience aging in Hollywood.
Civil War hits theaters on April 12th. The film follows a dystopian US torn apart by a third-term president gutting governmental agencies (Nick Offerman) and 19 states have seceded, with California and Texas forging a "Western Forces" alliance. Dunst stars as steely photojournalist Lee Smith, who consistently risks her life covering the American war zone on a harrowing, bloody odyssey with press colleagues played by Cailee Spaeny, Stephen McKinley Henderson, and Wagner Moura. Dunst says the film is "a cautionary tale" of what happens when people stop seeing each other as human beings. Watch the trailer below:
March signifies the month of rebirth as we exit winter and enter spring with a fresh start. There are so many celebrities who are born in March, being either a Pisces (March 1 to March 20) or an Aries (March 21 to March 31). March Pisces' energy is usually associated with being empathetic, competitive, and ethereal. This sign makes incredible artists and creatives. Pisces is the last sign of the zodiac, making it the most wise and psychic of all the other signs. There is much to be learned by Pisces, who tend to live half in a dream state. Represented by two fish swimming in opposite directions, the constant division of Pisces's attention between fantasy and reality is seen as this yin-yang symbol. Half of the March Pisceans are co-ruled by the moon, the planet that governs our moods and sentiments. This makes March Pisces to be more sensitive and vulnerable to people's temperaments than the Pisces born in February. Pisces born in March need to protect their peace by staying away from energy suckers and toxic environments.
Meanwhile, Aries is the first sign of the zodiac, so they tend to be raw with their needs, wants, and emotions. Fiery Aries are bold and ambitious, and when it comes to some of our favorite stars and directors, it is thrilling to watch. Represented by the ram, Aries are passionate, motivated, and confident leaders who build community with their relentless determination. When we think of Aries, we think of how they are very direct in their approach, sometimes too much that they often get frustrated by exhaustive details and unnecessary nuances. This sign is ruled by Mars, the dynamic red planet named after the Roman god of war. Accordingly, these courageous rams are always ready for a fight. Aries are known for their explosive temper, but when their emotional reactions do not get the better of them, they are inspiring, playful creatures who enjoy living life to the fullest.
See below which of your favorite stars have a March birthday!
Born on March 1, 1994, the Canadian crooner is known for genre-melding musicianship and global influence in modern-day pop music. Bieber learned how to play the piano, drums, guitar, and trumpet while growing up. At 12 years old, he sang Ne-Yo's "So Sick" for a singing competition he won second place for. Posting the video to YouTube, Bieber's mother continued to upload videos of the young star singing covers of various R&amp;B songs, and his popularity on the site grew.
The 'Black Panther' star was born on March 1, 1983, in Mexico City, Mexico. Nyong'o is a fluent speaker of English, Spanish, Luo, and Swahili. At the age of 14, Nyong'o made her professional acting debut as Juliet in William Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. She credits Whoopi Goldberg and Oprah Winfrey's performances in 'The Color Purple' with inspiring her to pursue a professional acting career.
Kesha Rose Sebert celebrates her birthday on March 1. Born in Los Angeles in 1987, Kesha's mother was also a singer-songwriter. While attending high school in Nashville, she played the trumpet and later the saxophone in the school marching band. She dropped out of school at 17 to return to Los Angeles to pursue a music career. In 2005, Kesha was signed to Kemosabe Records and began stylizing her name as "Ke$ha" as an ironic gesture of her struggling to make money.
The "Baba O'Riley" singer was born on March 1, 1944 in London. As the co-founder and the lead singer of the Who, Daltrey  made his first guitar from a block of wood in 1957. The band was initially called the Detours until in 1964, the band discovered another band performing with the same name. Daltrey began his solo career in 1973, while still a member of the Who. Since then, he has released ten solo studio albums, five compilation albums, and one live album.
The 'No Country For Old Men' star was born on March 1, 1969, in Las Palmas, Spain. Bardem comes from a long line of filmmakers and actors dating back to the earliest days of Spanish cinema. As a child, he spent time at theaters and on film sets. At age six, he made his first film appearance, in 'El Pícaro (The Scoundrel).' Though he grew up in a family full of actors, he didn't see himself following into the family business, and actually preferred painting. He went on to study painting at an art school, but in order to make money, Bardem took on acting jobs to support his painting, but felt he was a bad painter and eventually abandoned it as a career.
Daniel Craig was born on March 2, 1968 in Chester, UK. He is most famously known for playing the sexy, secret agent James Bond for five installments in the film franchise, but we like him best with a southern drawl as Benoit Blanc in 'Knives Out.' Craig began acting in school plays at the age of six. He became interested in serious acting by attending Liverpool's Everyman Theatre with his mother. He moved to London in 1984, where he worked part-time in restaurants to finance his theatrical education. After gaining experience and credentials as a theater actor, Craig appeared in his first screen role in 1992's  'The Power of One.'
The "Fast Car" singer was born on March 2, 1990 in North Carolina. After dropping out of college to pursue a music career, he moved to Nashville, Tennessee, where he released his debut EP, 'The Way She Rides,' in 2014. With four albums under his belt, Combs has since become a member of the Grand Ole Opry and winner of Grammys, ACM Awards, and CMA Awards, including the latter's highest honor of Entertainer of the Year in both 2021 and 2022.
The Wu-Tang Clan was born Clifford Smith, Jr. on March 2, 1971 in New York. He took his stage name from the 1979 film 'Method Man.' He has also appeared in films like '187,' 'How High,' 'Garden State,' and 'Keanu.' He also acts alongside collaborator Mary J. Blige in the television series 'Power Book II: Ghost.'
The Coldplay frontman was born on March 2, 1977, in Whitestone, UK. The singer-songwriter is also the pianist and rhythm guitarist for the band. While attending the University College London where he attained an Ancient World Studies degree in Greek and Latin, he met his future Coldplay bandmates Jonny Buckland, Guy Berryman, and Will Champion. Since the release of their debut album 'Parachutes' in 2000, the band achieved international fame and success.
The New Jersey native was born on March 2, 1962 in Perth Amboy. He has released 15 studio albums with his band Bon Jovi as well as two solo albums. Bon Jovi began playing music at the age of 13, when he formed his first band. In 1984 and 1985, Bon Jovi released their first two albums and their debut single "Runaway."
The 'Schitt's Creek' star was born on March 4, 1954 in Toronto, Canada. The comedic actress gained recognition  as one of the original cast members on the Canadian television sketch comedy show 'SCTV' back in 1976! In the late 1970s, she provided voice-overs for a number of cartoons and television specials. Her iconic film roles including 'Home Alone 1 &amp; 2,' 'Beetlejuice,' 'Best In Show,' and 'For Your Consideration.'
Eva Mendes was born on March 5, 1974 in Miami, Florida to Cuban parents. She has been with heartthrob actor Ryan Gosling since 2011 and shares two daughters together. Mendes decided to take a break from acting shortly after her first daughter was born. She and Gosling now live in Australia with their children.
Shaq was born on March 6, 1972 in Newark, New Jersey. The basketball legend and sports commentator played for six teams over his 19-year career in the NBA and is a four-time NBA champion. He  is regarded as one of the greatest basketball players and centers of all time. In addition to his basketball career, O'Neal has released four rap albums, with his first, 1993's 'Shaq Diesel,' going platinum.
The Pink Floyd guitarist and vocalist was born on March 6, 1946 in England. His parents encouraged him to pursue his interest in music and by 1962, Gilmour joined the blues rock band Jokers Wild. In 1967, Pink Floyd, composed of Gilmour's Cambridge schoolmates Syd Barrett and Roger Waters, with Nick Mason and Richard Wright, released their debut studio album, 'The Piper at the Gates of Dawn.' By the late '70s, Gilmour thought his musical talents were being underused by Pink Floyd.  In 1978, he channeled his ideas into his first solo studio album, 'David Gilmour.'
The "ARE WE STILL FRIENDS?" rapper celebrates his birthday on March 6. Tyler Gregory Okonma was born in California in 1991 and  is one of the founding members of Odd Future. His music style has evolved greatly since his debut 2009 mixtape 'Bastard' and has since become a Grammy-winning artist. Also involved in the fashion industry, Tyler In addition to music, Okonma also is involved in the fashion industry, he runs both streetwear company Golf Wang and luxury line, Golf Le Fleur.
The 'Breaking Bad' alum was born on March 7, 1956 in Hollywood, California. Those who don't know him as Walter White know him as Hal from the early 2000s series 'Malcolm In The Middle.' While attending community college, Cranston took an acting class as an elective, which inspired him to pursue a career in acting, saying "At 19 years old, all of a sudden, my life changed."
The "King of Latin Trap" was born Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio on March 10, 1994 in Puerto Rico. His stage name originally came from a time in which he was forced to wear a bunny costume and was angry about it. He began getting popular after collaborating with artists like Karol G, Nicky Jam, Nicki Minaj, Ozuna, J Balvin, and Drake. He has been credited for bringing Latin trap into the mainstream in the English-language music market.
The 'American Idol
 alum celebrates her birthday on March 10. Underwood was born in Oklahoma in 1983 and used to sing at her church and local events growing up. Following her fourth season win at 'American Idol,' Underwood released nine studio albums. She holds the record for the country artist with the most awards of all time.
The producer was born Timothy Zachery Mosley on March 10, 1972 in Norfolk, Virginia. During his time as a DJ, he was known as "DJ Tim" or "DJ Timmy Tim." Over the course of his 30-year career as a producer, Timbaland has worked with Missy Elliot, Ginuwine, Justin Timberlake, Usher, Aaliyah, Jay-Z, Nas, The Lox, Bubba Sparxxx, Limp Bizkit, Ludacris, Nelly Furtado, and so much more.
The New York native was born Olivia Jane Cockburn on March 10, 1984. She derived her surname from Irish author Oscar Wilde, and started using it while in high school to honor the writers in her family, many of whom used pen names. Her first television appearance was on the short-lived television series 'Skin' in 2003. Wilde first gained attention for her recurring role on the teen drama series 'The O.C.' the following year.
Born on March 10, 1971 in St. Louis, Missouri, Hamm is best known for his role as Don Draper in the critically-acclaimed 'Mad Men' series. Starting with a background in theater since he was in first grade, Hamm's first job was an acting teacher for eighth-graders. He moved to Los Angeles in 1995 to pursue an acting career, but couldn't book any work for three years because he looked older for his age.
Born on March 12, 1946 in Los Angeles, California, the EGOT-winning entertainer is known for her commanding stage presence and powerful alto singing voice despite suffering from encephalitis. She is the daughter of actress and singer Judy Garland and director Vincente Minnelli. Liza moved to New York City in 1961 where she began her career as a musical theater actress, nightclub performer, and traditional pop music artist.
The 'Shameless' star was born on March 13, 1950 in Miami, Florida. Though His film career has been built on appearances in small, independent films, he has also appeared in mainstream films like 'Fargo,' 'Boogie Nights,' and 'Magnolia.' While attending college in Vermont, he studied under playwright David Mamet, then studied theater in New York City.
The rapper and actor was born on March 13, 1972 in Chicago, Illinois as Lonnie Rashid Lynn. Common began rapping in the late '80s while a high school student. He and two of his friends formed tap trio C.D.R., and opened for acts like N.W.A and Big Daddy Kane. He debuted as a solo artist in 1992 as Common Sense and released his debut studio album, 'Can I Borrow a Dollar?' He gained further critical acclaim with its follow-ups 1994's 'Resurrection' and 1997's 'One Day It'll All Make Sense.' He starred in films like 'Selma,' 'Smokin' Aces,' 'American Gangster,' and 'John Wick: Chapter 2.'
The legendary actor was born on March 14, 1933 in London. Though he has starred in an impressive 160+ films spanning seven decades, we best know him as Alfred in 'The Dark Knight' film trilogy. Caine first got an interest in acting at ten years old, with a start in theater. His first film role was in the 1956 film, 'A Hill in Korea.'
The Poison frontman was born on March 15, 1963 in Pennsylvania as Bret Michael Sychak. Michaels began playing the guitar as a teenager, and formed a short-lived band with future Poison members Rikki Rockett and Bobby Dall. In 1984, the band changed their name to Poison and moved to Los Angeles to pursue a successful music career.
The Heart vocalist and singer was born on March 16, 1954 in San Francisco, California. Raised in Washington, Wilson began playing music as a teenager.  During college, she joined her sister Ann, who had recently become the singer of Heart. Consided the first hard rock band fronted by women to achieve widespread commercial success, Heart released nine studio albums throughout the late '70s and '80s. Wilson has been lauded for her guitar playing, noted for its blending elements of flamenco and classical guitar styles with hard rock.
The 'Stay Ready' singer was born on March 16, 1988, in Los Angeles. Aiko embarked on her musical career in 2002, as a backing vocalist and music video performer for B2K. In 2013, she released her debut EP 'Sail Out,' with hit singles like "3:16AM," "Bed Peace," and "The Worst." Aiko released her debut studio album, 'Souled Out' in 2014, to critical and commercial success.
The 'Hateful Eight' actor was born on March 17, 1951 in Springfield, Massachusetts. He has been acting since the age of 12 where he starred in the western series 'The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters.' Russell became a Disney star in the late 60's, starring in 11 films. He also had a short-lived baseball career from 1970 to 1973 that he was forced to retire from due to an injury to his rotator cuff.
The Maroon 5 frontman was born on March 18, 1979, in Los Angeles. Levine describes his family as "very musical" and credits his mother with starting him "out on the path." Maroon 5 was given its name after the band added a fifth member so Levine could be freed from playing the guitar and be the star.
Born on March 18, 1989 in the UK, the actress stars in Netflix's hit show, 'Emily In Paris.' Her father is the legendary Phil Collins. Lily began acting at the age of two in the BBC series 'Growing Pains.' Her first film role was in 2009's 'The Blind Side,' playing Sandra Bullock's daughter.
The rapper and actress was born Dana Elaine Owens on March 18, 1970 in Newark, New Jersey. She found her stage name, Latifah, meaning "delicate" and "very kind" in Arabic when she was eight years old. She began beat-boxing for Ladies Fresh and was an original member of the Flavor Unit,  a crew of MCs grouped around producer DJ King Gemini. Latifah's first album 'All Hail the Queen' was released in 1989 when she was 19. She began her film career with supporting roles in ' House Party 2,' 'Juice,' and 'Jungle Fever.'
Born on March 19, 1955 in Germany, the 'Die Hard' actor has since starred in other iconic roles in the movies 'The Sixth Sense,' 'Pulp Fiction,' and 'The Fifth Element.' He has been diagnosed with  frontotemporal dementia (FTD) and his family said he would be "stepping away" from acting indefinitely.
Born on March 19, 1947 in Connecticut, the award-winning actress starred in 'Fatal Attraction,' '101 Dalmations,' and 'Hillbilly Elegy.' Close began her professional career at 27 years old on the stage in 1974 with 'Love for Love.' Her first film role was in 1982's 'The World According to Garp,' where she played Robin Williams' mother, even though she was only four years older than him.
Shelton Jackson "Spike" Lee was born March 20, 1957 in Atlanta, Georgia. The director, producer, screenwriter, actor, and author studied film and television in college. His mother nicknamed him "Spike" during his childhood. Spike Lee's award-winning films have catapulted actors' careers, like Denzel Washington, Laurence Fishburne, Samuel L. Jackson, Giancarlo Esposito, Rosie Perez, Delroy Lindo, and John David Washington.
The late Linkin Park vocalist was born on March 20, 1976 in Phoenix, Arizona. As Chester was becoming frustrated and nearly quit his musical career altogether, the vice president of A&amp;R at Zomba Music in Los Angeles offered him an audition with the future members of Linkin Park, who were  known as Xero at the time. Bennington struggled with depression and substance abuse for most of his life, and sadly, on July 20, 2017, he was found dead by suicide by hanging in his home. He was 41.
The 'Legally Blonde' actress was born Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon on March 22, 1976 in New Orleans, Louisiana. Her latest television acting credits in the shows 'Little Fires Everywhere,' 'Big Little Lies,' and 'The Morning Show' have been the best performances we've seen. Witherspoon began her career as a teenager, making her screen debut in 1991's 'The Man in the Moon.'
Born on March 24, 1977 in Sacramento, California, the  actress developed an interest in acting at age seven. After years of struggling for a breakthrough in film, landed a role in 2011's 'The Help.' She then starred in notable films such as 'Zero Dark Thirty,' 'Mama,' 'Interstellar,' 'A Most Violent Year,' and 'The Eyes of Tammy Faye,' just to name a few.
Sir Elton Hercules John was born on March 25, 1947 in the UK. He is one of the most successful artists of all time, having sold over 300 million records worldwide in a six decade career in music. The "Piano Man" dropped out of school at 17 years old to pursue a career in music. John started playing his grandmother's piano as a young boy, and began formal piano lessons at seven years old.
The 'Sex and the City' alum was born on March 25, 1965 in Ohio. She reprised her role as Carrie Bradshaw in the 'Sex and the City' films, as well as the revival show, 'And Just Like That....' As a young girl, Parker trained in singing and ballet, and was  cast in the Broadway revival of 'The Innocents.' Her family moved to New York so that she could get specialized training and develop her career as a child actress. In her early acting career, she landed roles in 'Footloose,' 'Girls Just Want to Have Fun,' 'Flight of the Navigator,' and 'L.A. Story.'
The "Marvin &amp; Chardonnay" rapper was born Sean Michael Leonard Anderson on March 25, 1988 in Detroit, Michigan. In his later years in high school, Sean would partake in a weekly rap battle contest held by a Detroit hip-hop radio station. In 2005, he met and performed for Kanye West and was signed to his label, GOOD Music, two years later.
The Aerosmith frontman was born Steven Victor Tallarico on March 26, 1948, in New York City. Aerosmith released their eponymous debut album in 1973. Three years later, the band was achieving major success with songs like "Dream On," "Sweet Emotion," and "Walk This Way." They were also headlining stadiums and rock festivals, reaching international fame. Tyler has been called the "Demon of Screamin'" due to his high screams and his powerful wide vocal range.
The "When the Sun Goes Down" singer was born on March 26, 1968, in Nashville, Tennessee. Chesney has recorded more than 20 albums since 1994. Many of his songs have charted within the Top 40, making him one of the most successful crossover country artists. He is one of the most popular touring acts in country music, regularly selling out venues.
Born on March 27, 1963 in Knoxville, Tennessee, the director's ten movies have all been critically acclaimed. At 14 years old, Tarantino wrote one of his earliest works, a screenplay called 'Captain Peachfuzz and the Anchovy Bandit.' After dropping out of high school, one of his first jobs was as an usher for an adult movie theater. In 1992, Tarantino released the crime thriller 'Reservoir Dogs,' which he wrote, directed, and acted in.
The New York diva was born on March 27, 1969. She is noted for her five-octave vocal range and her signature use of the whistle register. The "Songbird Supreme" spent much of her time at home alone and began singing at age three. Her mother, who was an opera singer, gave her vocal training. Carey debuted her first self-titled studio album in 1990.
The singer was born on March 27, 1975 in California. Since leaving the Black Eyed Peas in 2017, she has had a successful career as a solo artist.
The country music singer and actress was born on March 28, 1955 in Oklahoma. McEntire starred in the television series 'Reba,' which aired for six seasons from 2001 to 2007. With her mother's help, she and her three siblings formed the Singing McEntires, which played at local events and recorded for a small label. She relocated to Nashville, Tennessee after securing a country music recording contract in 1975. Since 1977, Reba released 33 albums.
Born on March 28, 1986 as 
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta in New York, the singer began topping the charts in 2008. Gaga began playing the piano at age four when her mother insisted she become "a cultured young woman." As a teenager, she performed at open mic nights. In 2008, she released her debut studio album, 'Fame.' She has since starred in movies like 'A Star Is Born' and 'House of Gucci.' She will next be seen in the 'Joker' musical sequel opposite Joaquin Phoenix.
The Canadian singer was born on March 30, 1968. She is best known for her powerful and technically skilled vocals. The "Queen of Power Ballads" had dreamed of being a singer from an early age. At 12, she collaborated with her mother and her brother to write and compose her first song, "Ce n'était qu'un rêve." Her international breakthrough came when she duetted with Peabo Bryson on the title track to Disney's 1991 animated film 'Beauty and the Beast.'
The "Beer Can't Fix" singer-songwriter was born on March 30, 1990 in Georgia. His father, Rhett Akins, had hit singles in the '90s with "That Ain't My Truck" and "Don't Get Me Started" before becoming a songwriter. Raised in Tennessee, Thomas learned to play drums while in junior high school. Rhett would later go onstage with his father and play. In high school, he was part of a band named The High Heeled Flip Flops. He has since released six studio albums.
The legendary guitarist was born on March 30, 1945 in England. Clapton is regarded as one of the most successful and influential guitarists in rock music. Clapton received an acoustic guitar for his thirteenth birthday, but cheap quality was difficult to play so he briefly lost interest. Two years later, he picked it up again and started playing consistently. Clapton was influenced by blues music from an early age, and practiced long hours learning the chords of blues music by playing along to the records.
Born on March 31, 1943 in Astoria, New York, the 'Deer Hunter' actor, who has a unique accent has a career that has spanned over 50 years with appearances in theater, film, and television. He and his brothers, Kenneth and Glenn, were child actors on television in the 50's, influenced by their mother's dreams of stardom. As a teenager, he worked as a lion tamer in a circus.
Angus McKinnon Young was born on March 31,  1955 in Glasgow, Scotland. As the co-founder, lead guitarist, songwriter, and the only remaining founding member of the hard rock band AC/DC, Angus is known for his energetic performances and his schoolboy-uniform stage outfits. He self-taught himself how to play guitar around the age of five. Angus was 18 when he and his older brother Malcolm formed AC/DC in 1973.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!