Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The Japanese Olympian ventured into professional fashion portraiture at the opening exhibition of the Gucci Ginza Gallery in 2023. 
Reporter

GUCCI‘S LATEST AMBASSADOR: After naming Thai actor, model and singer Gulf, whose real name is Kanawut Traipipattanapong, a brand ambassador, Gucci on Thursday will reveal that figure skater Yuzuru Hanyu has also been tapped for the role.  

	Hanyu, who started his skating career at the age of four, won two gold medals at two consecutive Olympic Games, Sochi in 2014 and Pyeongchang in 2018, for men’s single figure skating. Also in 2018 he was the youngest recipient of the People’s Honor Award bestowed by Japan‘s prime minister recognizing widely respected individuals whose accomplishments have inspired society. 

	After turning professional in July 2022, and continuing to pursue his own figure skating career, he has also organized ice shows and supported the recovery from the great East Japan earthquake in his hometown of Sendai.

	










			You May Also Like		







	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Hailey Bieber Revives Gucci's Tom Ford Era, Kendall Jenner Goes Oversize in The Row	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Daisy Edgar-Jones Makes Her Debut as Gucci Face in the Brand's New Campaign	
			








	“I am truly delighted to become part of the Gucci community, which nurtures bonds with creators around the world beyond the realm of fashion,” said Hanyu in a statement. “Throughout its long history, Gucci has devoted passion to craftsmanship and demonstrated exceptional creativity and is fascinating many fans in Japan as well. I am eager to continue discovering the allure of Gucci in the times ahead.”

	The men’s roster of ambassadors at Gucci also includes Italian tennis player Jannik Sinner, actor and singer Xiao Zhan, British soccer player Jack Grealish, American-born and South Korea-based rapper and entrepreneur Jay Park, Japanese actor Jun Shison, Paul Mescal, Bad Bunny and A$AP Rocky.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.