The Academy Awards experienced a traffic jam when protestors shut down the road.
As they made their way to the Dolby Theater, celebrities were forced to get out of their cars and trek on foot to the red carpet. Hundreds of pro-Palestine protestors, who are calling for a ceasefire in Gaza, showed up in large numbers to block the road. They carried Palestinian flags and signs. Calls for "ceasefire now" and "free Palestine" echoed through the streets.
Some danced in the streets as they played music and chanted a call for action. Many stood in front of cars to block their entry. A Tesla was damaged after insisting on driving through the protestor's cones and blockades. 
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Oscars 2024 LIVE: Taylor Swift has a seat at Academy Awards as Bad Bunny celebrates 30th bday
Hollywood groups like Writers Against the War on Gaza LA, Film Workers for Palestine, SAG-AFTRA Members for Ceasefire, and more helped organize the protest, pushing for awards to halt as long as the bombs continue to fall in Gaza. One sign read: "Shame. Dressing up and award each other while bombs and bullets rain down on starving babies."
"While you're watching, bombs are dropping," insisted others. Protestors were met by heavy police presence as rows of LAPD officers zeroed in on the area. 
Nonetheless, the red carpet proceeded on time as some of the biggest stars headed in for the award ceremony. As they stopped, posed, and gave interviews, some of them weren't silent on the Palestinian issue. Billie Eilish and her brother Finneas were spotted wearing red Artists4Ceasefire pins.
Eugene and Ramy Youssef were also seen with the pins on. On the carpet, Ramy told Variety: "We’re calling for immediate, permanent ceasefire in Gaza. We’re calling for peace and lasting justice for the people of Palestine.
"It’s a universal message of, 'Let’s stop killing kids. Let’s not be part of more war.' No one has ever looked back at war and thought a bombing campaign was a good idea. To be surrounded by so many artists who are willing to lend their voices, the list is growing. A lot of people are going to be wearing these pins tonight. There’s a lot of talking heads on the news, this is a space of talking hearts. We’re trying to have this big beam to humanity.”
Misan Harriman, the director of the nominated best live action short The After, and Kaouther Ben Hania, the director and writer of Four Daughters, which is nominated for Best Documentary Picture also expressed their support for the calls for peace by wearing the same pins.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
Celeb obsessed? Get a daily dose of showbiz gossip direct to your inbox