The supermodel takes on balletcore
Kendall Jenner gave her 292 million Instagram followers a sneak peek at her date-night style.
In a new post on the social media platform, Jenner makes a whimsical appearance in Paris at the Louvre, wearing an outfit that could belong in an art museum itself. 
Staring up at larger-than-life paintings, Jenner wears a black maxi dress with a tight bodycon bodice with short sleeves and a low-back silhouette. The skirt, featuring an asymmetrical hemline, is made of a sheer material, revealing nothing but a leotard underneath. For Jenner—whose off-duty style is known to be quite minimalist and clean—the ensemble is like a gothic romantic ode to balletcore.
As for the rest of her outfit … there was none. Literally. Jenner appeared to make her way through the empty galleries walking barefoot.
“The Louvre at midnight,” she captioned the post. A fan in the comments noted, “You know how powerful this woman is when she can have all the Louvre for herself in the middle of the night.”
Paparazzi photos from Wednesday show Jenner wearing the same outfit while walking side by side with ex-turned-rekindled-flame Bad Bunny. It might be safe to assume, then, the Puerto Rican rapper and singer was the one snapping the pictures of her inside the museum. (Someone cue “The Louvre” by Lorde, please!) 
The couple was seen heading out on another date night this past weekend, when they coordinated their outfits in monochromatic grays. The supermodel wore a stretchy steel top with an asymmetric neckline and matching flared leggings, both of which hailed from little sister Kylie Jenner’s clothing brand, Khy. As for Bunny, he looked suave in a gray suit paired with a black T-shirt and Adidas sneakers.
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.