Kendall Jenner admits sometimes "hysterically crying" herself to sleep.
The Kardashians star is known for her sense of style on the runway, becoming arguably the most successful of her sisters in the fashion industry. But it appears to grass isn't greener on her side of fame as the 28-year-old details her struggles and her "dark nights"
Appearing on the Anything Goes podcast with Emma Chamberlain, she acknowledged she was "extremely fortunate", but didn't shy away from talking about the perils of her rapid rise to the spotlight. "I'm not gonna sit here and say that I’ve had the toughest journey."
She explained: "I think I've been extremely fortunate. But I also have had my own set of challenges, whether it's [being] overworked or not getting a job that I would’ve really loved to get." Kendall revealed her world can sometimes feel "very lonely" and opened up about missing "something really crazy" at home and not being present with her family.
"I've had really dark nights where I've been in random cities and just hysterically crying myself to sleep because I haven’t been home in three months and I've been pretty much alone the entire time," she said. Kendall continued, admitting, "There’s been a lot of definite moments where I'm like, 'What is going on, is this all worth it?'"
It comes after she opened up about her desire for motherhood, confessing she "would love" to be a mum one day. She shared with Vogue her eagerness to embrace family life in the future, despite being the last in her immediate brood yet to welcome a child.
She has high hopes her dream will materialize within the next ten years, though she intends to maintain her sparkle in the spotlight. "I dream, above all, of longevity. Even when I'm older, I hope people will still think of me. I'd like to stay in the limelight as the years go by. I would love to have a family, become a mother and have children."
Kendall, who's currently linked with chart-topping hitmaker Bad Bunny, also confessed her long-standing admiration for iconic supermodel Christy Turlington. She aspires to emulate Christy's balance between a stellar career and a fulfilling personal life, noting how much she values relationships and her aspiration to build a family.
The star reflected: "I spent a lot of time looking at her face as a kid. She seemed so calm and collected. I really appreciated her energy through it all. And it feels like life outside modelling and family were really important to her. Relationships mean so much to me, and I can't wait to have a life with someone one day, to have kids, to create a family. Christy just gives good vibes. Maybe she cared a little bit less! I think that's really cool."
Kendall admits the timing isn't quite right. Speaking to WSJ, she said: "I'm excited for that time in my life. I just know it's not right now." Her new relationship followed her breakup with long-term beau Devin Booker which was announced all the way back in 2022.
The couple had been together for two years, with their split coming shortly after Devin joined Kendall in Italy for her sister Kourtney Kardashian's wedding to Travis Barker. A source at the time revealed that Kendall felt she and Devin were on "different paths". They reportedly had "discussions about their future" but found they were "not on the same page." The pair briefly reunited in October 2022 before parting ways once more.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.