We’ve got music to stream, besties!
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
As someone who constantly has the entirety of Taylor Swift’s discography playing on a loop in their head, my AirPods are the greatest piece of tech I own. Seriously, have you ever gone to open your gym bag ahead of a workout or unzipped your travel backpack on a flight only to realize your AirPods are nowhere in sight? It’s tragic, to say the least! Being able to pretend I’m the main character in a coming-of-age movie alongside a dramatic play of Fleetwood Mac’s “Silver Springs” is what I live for; and the best Apple AirPods allow me to fulfill this delusion daily. 
Whether it's going on a walk or trying to tune out loud chatter in the office (no shade, no tea!), having a pair of earbuds or headphones totally transforms my day-to-day life. And if you, like me, also drink out of the Apple-infused Kool-Aid (my iPhone, iPad, and Macbook laptop say hi), you know that the brand’s AirPods are some of the most impressive gadgets you can find. Plus, it doesn’t hurt that the Apple AirPods Max went viral for being so darn cute. 
From noise-canceling and non-noise-canceling earbuds to over-ear-headphones and wired headphones, figuring out which option is the best pick for you can be a doozy. Which is why I’m here to help you out on your search. 
Here’s a sneak peek at some of the best AirPods you can find in 2024. 
See, not so intimidating is it?! Below, find an in-depth breakdown of the best AirPods available now. Okay, got to go stream Bad Bunny’s newest album now, bye!
As the newest earbuds innovation from the brand, it’s probably not the biggest surprise that the Apple AirPods Pro are the star of the show article. These bbs took noise-canceling to the next level (according to the brand it’s twice as powerful as previous models) and made it easier than ever to take hands-free calls. A comfortable fit is also another benefit with these thanks to the cushioned silicone tips that have a v secure fit.
Hey, keeping up with tech can be expensive, and sometimes all you want is a no-fuss option to play your fave music. Trust me, I get it. These under-$100 AirPods are a tried-and-true pick you can’t go wrong with. Although they don’t have silicone tips, they are still a great pair with seamless Bluetooth connection. And the price? I love to see it.
*Clears throat* Allow me to break it down for the tech novice real quick: Open-ear headphones mean they don’t isolate sounds as effectively as other styles do, due to the, well, open back. Although, the sound quality itself is great—in fact, some say the crisp, smooth playback is some of the best you’ll get with the brand—you won’t find active noise-cancellation with these. Instead, you’ll be able to let in some ambient sound that makes it easy to stay aware of your surroundings, so perfect for those that take runs at night on their own or are in areas where total noise-cancellation might not be needed.
I’m sure you’ve seen these before! Yes, the over-the-ear headphones that took TikTok by storm are def one of the best AirPods you can buy rn. For frequent jetsetters or those who commute via public transit to work, this is the pair for you. Though they are a bit pricier than other models, they truly are a gorgeous pair that’s worth the splurge when it comes to sound, aesthetic, and fit (the plush ear pads are like little clouds for your ears). 
What can I say, I’m a proud defender of the wired headphones game. They’re making a comeback, I swear! For when you just want a method to play your music without the extra bells and whistles, these can’t be beat.
We here at Cosmo pride ourselves on testing out thousands of products across tech, lifestyle, beauty, and fashion to tell our readers the best things worth purchasing. Our associate shopping editor, Daisy Maldonado, frequently reviews the best gadgets and has tried out headphones from a variety of different brands. As a self proclaimed music-lover and someone who hates to fly or commute without a good soundtrack, AirPods continue to be one of her go-tos.
Ilia’s Limitless Mascara Finally Comes in Brown
Behold: The Duffel That Answered All My Prayers
Reviewed: A New Hair Brand Made for Lazy People
OMG Gap and Dôen Just Dropped Another Collab
15 Fruity Perfumes That Are Downright Delectable
Here Comes The ~Best-Smelling~ Bride
Work Backpacks That Don’t Scream ‘Corporate Drone'
I Have Wide Feet, These Are the Sneakers I Live in
Found: The Best Long-Wear Nail Polish for Summer
Wait—Meghan Markle’s Cutout Sneakers Are on Amazon
Travel Backpacks That Are Actually Cute Exist, FYI
Simply the Best Retinol Serums We've Ever Tested
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.