ByAssile Toufaily
ByAssile Toufaily,
 Former Contributor. 
Can Chelsea win their 6th WSL title in a row? (Photo by Gaspafotos/MB Media/Getty Images)
The Women’s Super League is back, kicking off on Friday, September 20, and the stakes are as high as ever.
The defending champion Chelsea enters an exciting era under Sonia Bompastor’s management, after 12 years with Emma Hayes.
They remain the favorites as their squad was bolstered with several new arrivals, but rival clubs will be behind them, trying to end their domination.
Manchester City has bolstered its squad with top-notch players such as Vivianne Miedema, and it hopes to win the league and throw Chelsea off the league’s throne.
As for Arsenal, with their transfer deals over the summer, they’ve added the qualities they were missing across the pitch, which could eventually end up giving them the edge in May.
For Manchester’s red team, the first objective of this year is to help fans forget about the disappointing 2023/2024 season.
Marc Skinner has a mixture of experience and youth talent in his squad so he is expected to at least lead the club back to a top 3 finish, like in 2022/2023 when the Red Devils finished second behind the Blues.
On the lower side of the table, the clubs have strengthened their squads and will be looking for redemption.
Maybe, Brighton stands out, having had arguably the strongest transfer window, adding Manchester United’s Nikita Parris and Chelsea’s Fran Kirby.
West Ham United has a good squad with Kristie Mewis, Katrina Gorry, Manuela Pavi, Halle Houssein, and Viviane Asseyi.
Leicester City appointed former Stade de Reims coach Amandine Miquel to lead the team that features Missy Goodwin, Janice Cayman, Yuka Momiki, and Deanne Rose.
With activity all over the table, the upcoming 2024/2025 season is expected to be the most exciting season so far.
Here is everything you need to know ahead of the official league kick-off this Friday.
The WSL is becoming the world's best women's soccer league. (Photo by Alex Burstow/Arsenal FC via ... More Getty Images)
TThe 2024/2025 season marks the first time the Women’s Super League and the Championship will operate independently from the Football Association (FA) and under a new independent entity called Women’s Professional Leagues Limited (WPLL).
Supported by a £20 million interest-free loan from the Premier League and led by former Nike GM Nikki Doucet, the WPLL aims to expand the English women’s soccer pyramid with the time, resources, and personnel that were not feasible under the previous FA structure.
As part of the new partnership, the FA holds a special share and representation on the WPLL board, similar to its arrangement with the Premier League.
However, Doucet has emphasized that the future of women’s soccer must be shaped by its own distinct context. One of the first steps was extending the broadcast deal with Sky and the BBC, which is rumored to be worth around $31 million.
Alongside potential changes in the league’s organization, clubs were also active during the transfer window, with Sonia Bompastor’s arrival being arguably the most talked-about news of the summer.
Chelsea brought in Sonia Bompastor to help them win the UWCL. (Photo by Harriet Lander - Chelsea ... More FC/Chelsea FC via Getty Images)
The former Lyon manager Sonia Bompastor joins Stamford Bridge with Champions League titles under her belt as both a player and manager – a trophy Chelsea has been striving to win.
She replaces USWNT current manager Emma Hayes, who turned Chelsea into a dominant force in English soccer, suggesting that the Frenchwoman has significant shoes to fill.
Her extensive European experience, along with her proven ability to manage a squad of world-class players, played a key role in securing her the position. With Chelsea’s main goal being to win the UWCL, who better to lead them than Bompastor?
While Chelsea fans are dreaming of the UWCL, retaining the WSL in London is just as important.
Fortunately, the team has the squad to achieve both objectives. Sam Kerr inked a new contract keeping her in London and she is on the verge of making her return.
She will rejoin key players like Millie Bright, Lauren James, and Erin Cuthbert who have been vital to Chelsea's success over the years.
Chelsea have the needed depth in their squad to fight for all titles. (Photo by Gaspafotos/MB ... More Media/Getty Images)
Catarina Macario and Mayra Ramirez are two other interesting players to follow this season. The American suffered from a long injury and she is finally making her way back to her ways, while Ramirez filled in Kerr’s shoes last season and will be hoping to win Bompastor’s trust.
The Blues strengthened their squad with some quality signings. Lucy Bronze left Barcelona on a free transfer and chose Chelsea, admitting that a 10-minute discussion with the French duo Bompastor and Abily was enough to convince her.
Sandy Baltimore and Oriane Jean François were also added from Paris Saint-Germain.
But if there is a player to watch this season is the 19-year-old Wieke Kaptein who has been inspiring during the preseason matches. It will be left for Bompastor to decide whether she will give the Dutch a chance to win her spot in the starting eleven.
Khadija Shaw finished last season as the WSL top scorer. (Photo by Barrington Coombs/PA Images via ... More Getty Images)
The team finished second last season, after missing out on goal difference, and is desperate to end Chelsea’s domination and win their first title since 2016.
Their Jamaican forward Khadija “Bunny” Shaw finished as the top scorer last season, having netted 21 goals in 18 appearances.
She will be joined by another natural goalscorer this season, a certain Vivianne Miedema, who moved from Arsenal. The Dutch forward is the WSL’s all-time record goalscorer, and after a couple of complicated seasons with the Gunners, she is expected to form an unstoppable duo with Bunny Shaw.
Gareth Taylor can also count on Lauren Hemp and Chloe Kelly on the wings, Aoba Fujino and Mary Fowler up front, Jill Roord and Jess Park in midfield, and Alexi Greenwood and Naomi Layzell in defense.
Their first few matches of the season are though as they will play against Arsenal, Chelsea, and Liverpool in the opening 4 away fixtures.
Jonas Eidevall is expected to be heavily counting on Rosa Kafaji this season. (Photo by David ... More Price/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
The Gunners are the most decorated team in England but in recent years, they’ve encountered difficulties to compete against Hayes’ Chelsea. Their last WSL title dates back to 2019.
This year, they have got the squad to grab the title but they will have to be consistent, and most importantly, find a way to avoid dropping points against lower-league-standing clubs.
Last season, they failed to grab the 3 points against Tottenham, West Ham, and Liverpool which ended up costing them the title, finishing with 50 points, 5 behind the leading duo.
They lost Vivianne Miedema to their rivals Manchester City – a transfer considered bad business for the Gunners by experts, but only time will tell if Jonas Eidevall is about to regret letting go of the Dutch.
On the other hand, they brought in one of the world’s most exciting payers in the world, Rosa Kafaji. The 21-year-old Swedish forward finished as BK Häcken’s top scorer in the 2023/2024 season with 15 goals and has already caught the eye of the Gunners fans.
In addition, they brought in another top-quality player: no other than Barcelona’s Mariona Caldentey. The Ballon d’Or nominee is expected to add the spark that Arsenal was missing, alongside Kafaji.
They join a squad bolstered with talent such as Alessia Russo, Beth Mead, Caitlin Foord, Kim Little, Frida Maanum, Stina Blackstenius, and Leah Williamson.
Ahead of the new season, it was announced that both the WSL and the Championship in England will be shown live on YouTube, ending The FA Player era.
Some fixtures are also selected for broadcast and will be shown on Sky Sports or the BBC in the United Kingdom.
Global broadcasters include Optus (Australia), CBS (United States), DAZN, ESPN, Viaplay, and more.