This year’s Met Gala, one of the biggest events in fashion, is underway with co-chairs Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Anna Wintour and more stunning in fashion aligned with the theme: “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion.”
Actress and co-chair of the Met Gala Jennifer Lopez arrives at the Metropolitan Museum of Art on ... More Monday in New York. The Gala's 2024 theme is "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion."
Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth co-chaired this year’s gala along with Zendaya, Lopez and Wintour, the editor-in-chief of Vogue who has been leading the event since 1995.
The gala serves as an annual kick-off event for a new exhibit at the museum, and this year’s “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion” exhibit will feature 250 objects with “iconography related to nature” that span four centuries from the Institute's archive, according to the museum.
Co-chair of the 2024 Met Gala Zendaya arrives at the Metropolitan Museum of Art on Monday to ... More celebrate the theme "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion."
Co-chair Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky arrive at the 2024 Met Gala on Monday. (Photo by Jeff ... More Kravitz/FilmMagic)
Emma Chamberlain, a social media star, arrives for the 2024 Met Gala, which fundraises for the ... More Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute.
Bad Bunny, another co-chair of this year's event, attends the gala on Monday. Last year, a single ... More ticket to the gala was about $50,000, though it's been reported that designers sometimes purchase tickets for the celebrities they style. (Photo by Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic)
Theater producer Jordan Roth arrives at the 2024 Met Gala dressed to theme of "Sleeping Beauties: ... More Reawakening Fashion." Last year, the theme was “Karl Lagerfeld: A Line of Beauty” and in 2022 it was “In America: An Anthology of Fashion."
Lea Michele, who is expecting her second child, arrives at the "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening ... More Fashion" Met Gala on Monday, showing off her baby bump.
Fashion designer Willy Chavarria (L) and Saks CEO Marc Metrick (R) arrive at the 2024 Met Gala in ... More New York City.
The annual Met Gala is typically on the first Monday in May. The gala is always star-studded and draws buzz on social media as people rate celebrity looks of the evening and discuss who dressed to theme best. This year’s exhibit and celebrity guests worked with a gala theme that looked at how fashion and the natural world interact. The gala began in 1948 as a small fundraiser—though now it raises millions of dollars annually to keep the Costume Institute at the Met going.
This year’s exhibit features what the museum called “sleeping beauties,” or garments that aren’t able to go on mannequins anymore “due to their extreme fragility.”
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.