By PAUL CHAVEZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:40, 15 August 2024   |  Updated:  16:25, 15 August 2024   
 103
View  comments
Kim Kardashian revealed that her children try to set her up on dates but she's not ready during an appearance on Wednesday on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
The 43-year-old reality star was quizzed about her love life by Jimmy, 49, while she sizzled in a revealing all-white outfit that included a bra top and long skirt.
'What's going on with the love scene? Are you seeing anyone?,' Jimmy bluntly asked after talking to Kim about her blossoming acting career.
'Oh, I thought you meant like a love scene in a show,' Kim said to laughter from the studio audience in New York City.
'No,' she added.
Kim Kardashian revealed that her children try to set her up on dates but she's not ready during an appearance on Wednesday on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on NBC
'You're not? Single?,' Jimmy said.
'Yeah,' Kim confirmed.
'It's so funny because my kids try to set me up, like they're ready now, and I'm not,' said Kim, who has children North, 11, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, five, with ex-husband Kanye West, 47.
'They're so particular, like they come home, they make lists. Saint wants me to be with like any basketball player or soccer player. And I'm like, ''If you only knew'',' Kim said while covering her mouth and talking to the side.
'It's no. No, no,' said Kim, who was married to former pro basketball player Kris Humphries, 39, for 72 days in 2011.
'Some of my kids want me to be with streamers. Like, they have lists and they try to sneakily set me up. And I'm like, ''Guys this just isn't what I want right now'',' Kim said.
Kim earlier revealed that she was on a solo trip with her daughter North to New York City and gave her a shout-out in the audience.
The Los Angeles native shared that she loves to travel solo with each of her kids and enjoys the personal bonding time with them.
The 43-year-old reality star was quizzed about her love life by Jimmy, 49, while she sizzled in a revealing all-white outfit that included a bra top and long white skirt
'It's so funny because my kids try to set me up, like they're ready now, and I'm not,' said Kim, who has children North, 11, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, five, with ex-husband Kanye West, 47
Kim is shown with daughter North on Wednesday as they were enjoying a trip together in NYC
The reality star is shown with Saint and Psalm in June 2022 in New York City
Kim and ex-husband Kris Humphries are shown in August 2011
'I always do a soccer trip with my oldest son,' Kim said.
She revealed that North is into art, while Saint is into basketball and watching soccer.
Kim said her son Psalm plays soccer and Saint loves to watch soccer so they travel the world for soccer games.
'We're going to Spain to see the first Real Madrid game soon,' Kim said. 'It's pretty nutty that I've traveled the world for my kids' interests, but it's fun.'
Jimmy also congratulated Kim for the success of her Skims undergarment campaign during the recent Olympics and noted that Time magazine listed it as one of the 100 most influential brands.
'We're going to Spain to see the first Real Madrid game soon,' Kim said. 'It's pretty nutty that I've traveled the world for my kids' interests, but it's fun'
'You start something and then you really hope that it does really well. But then, to see people love it. I mean, I think like I knew I made it when I walked into a dinner. And this, like, Oscar-winning actress just pulls up her shirt and is like, "I'm wearing a Skims bra!" Like, and I was just like, "I made it. I made it'',' Kim said.
Kim said she's also run into fans of the brand while at concerts with her children who hold up signs that read 'I'm wearing Skims'.
Jimmy asked about her upcoming acting project with Hollywood writer-director Ryan Murphy, 58.
'We're doing a new show called All's Fair. I'm so excited,' Kim said.
'I'm an attorney and I play one on TV,' said Kim, who has studied law under an apprenticeship program and passed the so-called 'baby bar exam' in 2021.
Kim described her character as the 'Laura Wasser' of the firm, referencing the Los Angeles attorney who specializes in divorce.
'I'm well versed in Laura Wasser,' quipped Kim, who has been married three times.
Kim and Jimmy also promoted a competition between them for a new signature line of Beats by Dr. Dre headphones.
Kim and Jimmy also promoted a competition between them for a new signature line of Beats by Dr. Dre headphones
The studio audience rooted for Kim as she promised headphones if she won
Jimmy went with mustard-colored Beats Studio Pro headphones while Kim chose three nude and neutral colors.
They walked over to a large poster to reveal the winner and Kim promised that if she won everyone in the studio audience would get Beats headphones.
The poster revealed that Beats x Kim was the winner and the studio audience gave Kim a standing ovation.
Beats by Dr. Dre was founded in 2006 by Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine and was acquired by Apple Inc. in July 2014. 
BY HEIDI PARKER
Kim Kardashian has made some striking fashion statements at the annual Met Gala in New York City over the years.
During her first year (2013) at the splashy, star-studded event she had on a tight floral-print dress that made the most of her very pregnant belly as she posed with Kanye West.
Later she would be seen in a gold column dress, a silver suit that made her look like a robot, a see-through lace wonder and a dress that came in so tight she had to wear a waist trainer for weeks beforehand.
In 2021 she covered her face with black cloth in a shocking move as she shared she had a full face of makeup on underneath for some reason.
In 2022 the siren slipped into Marilyn Monroe's old Happy Birthday Mr President gown as she was seen with boyfriend-at-the-time Pete Davidson. 
The Met Gala returns on May 6 at The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City with co-chairs Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Chris Hemsworth and Bad Bunny. 
The 2024 Costume Institute exhibition, titled Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion, will feature approximately 250 items drawn from the Costume Institute’s permanent collection.
Here is a look back at the looks The Kardashians star has tried out during the most important night in fashion. 
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2013  - GIVENCHY
Her first time at the Met Gala was for PUNK: Chaos to Couture in 2013. She was pregnant with North and wore a floral print dress from Givenchy. 
The California native said that she was not invited but rather was Kanye West's plus one.
Sadly, after the gala she 'cried' because she was so insecure about everything, she has said.
'2013 Riccardo Tisci for Givenchy. I was Kanye's plus one & so nervous! I didn't know anyone & I'm sure no one wanted me there lol. I did my own lipstick & the color is so off. I went home & cried after of insecurity but this is one of my fave looks now,' said the TV vet.
2013 - GIVENCHY 
 2014  - LANVIN
In 2014, Kim had on a blue strapless Lanvin outfit as Kanye had on black. 
The theme was Charles James: Beyond Fashion.
The daughter of Kris Jenner said it was the first time she had been invited on her own.
'My dress was originally made of this amazing leather with metallic detailing,' Kim said earlier. 'But we decided at the last minute to redo it in blue satin.'
 2014 - LANVIN
2015 - ROBERTO CAVALLI
She wore a very sheer and sexy lace and net gown by Roberto Cavalli for the May 2015 event. 
Her jet-black hair was slicked back and she modeled huge diamond earrings.
And the star posed with rapper husband West, who went with a black suit and boots.
The theme was celebrating China: Through the Looking Glass.
2015 - ROBERTO CAVALLI 
2016 - BALMAIN
Kardashian tried out silver at the Manus x Machina: Fashion In An Age Of Technology in 2016.  
She wore Balmain, a shimmery silver dress that looked like a futuristic gown with a slit up the side. West was in the same designer.
She said: '2016 Olivier Rousteing for Balmain. I was back to insecure this year because I hadn't lost all of my baby weight. 
'Big mistake to bleach the brows but Kanye looked so good this year with those blue eyes! It was super controversial that he wore denim.'
Earlier she had noted: 'I thought Balmain was the perfect choice for me and Kanye, especially. I think Kanye's look is a little bit more downplayed with the denim mixed with all the Balmain bling.'
2016 - BALMAIN 
2017 - VIVIENNE WESTWOOD
In 2017 the theme was Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between. 
The Selfish author had on a white Vivienne Westwood off-the-shoulder dress with no jewelry and strappy heels.
In the bus ride to the event she had to stand up so the dress would not wrinkle and she said she was already sweating and had to use the bathroom because she was so nervous.
The pal of Paris Hilton said, '2017 Vivienne Westwood. 
'This was my first year going solo. I was so nervous to go by myself I almost threw up on the way & I had to pee every second.
'I was FaceTiming my sisters to meet up at the top of the stairs. Vivienne made me this beautiful dress from her archive.' 
2017 - VIVIENNE WESTWOOD 
2018 - VERSACE
Kim attended the Heavenly Bodies: Fashion & The Catholic Imagination Costume Institute Gala alone in 2018.
She said this gold mesh Versace dress fit her like a 'glove.'
Kardashian added, 'I knew exactly what I wanted and was most confident this year. 90's, chainmail, sexy and simple.' 
She looked sensational with her hair partially up with a long curl down her chest. She added a cross necklace with diamonds to match the cross on her dress. 
2018 - VERSACE 
 2019 - THIERRY MUGLER
Kardashian was in a wet look for Camp: Notes on Fashion in 2019.
She had to wear a waist trainer to get her midsection as small as possible to pull off this Thierry Mugler dress.
The look was supposed to be 'wet' which is why she had crystals that looked like raindrops coming off of her.
Her hair also looked wet as she had oiled skin with shimmering eye shadow and a glossy lip.
2019 - THIERRY MUGLER 
2021 - BALENCIAGA
Kim shocked fans when she wore a head to toe black look that covered her famous face in 2021.
Later the red carpet fixture said that she was fully made up under that face sock which seemed like a lot of effort for no payoff.
Turns out, it was not her favorite move. 
'I fought against it. I was like, I don’t know how I could wear the mask. Why would I want to cover my face?' she told Vogue.
'But Demna [Gvasalia, Balenciaga’s creative director] and the team were like, "This is a costume gala. This is not a Vanity Fair party where everyone looks beautiful. There’s a theme and you have to wear the mask. That is the look."'
2021 - BALENCIAGA
2021 - Sister Kendall Jenner, left, stole the show in GIVENCHY
 2022 - JEAN-LOUIS 
Kim stunned fans when she wore an iconic Marilyn Monroe dress — the same one the movie star wore in 1962 when she wished President John F. Kennedy a happy birthday at Madison Square Garden.
The star lost 16 lbs. within three weeks to fit into the dress that she had borrowed from Ripley's.
Her blonde hair was slicked back and she added a white fur jacket.
And there was another accessory: her boyfriend at the time, SNL star Pete Davidson. 
'To me it was like, "OK, Christian Bale can do it for a movie role and that is acceptable,"' she later explained to The New York Times. 'Even Renée Zellweger gained weight for a role. It's all the same to me.'
2022 - JEAN-LOUIS

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group