By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:45, 27 May 2024   |  Updated:  22:16, 27 May 2024   
 142
View  comments
Kendall Jenner and her ex Bad Bunny have been seen together again after shocking fans by reuniting at a Met Gala after party in New York City earlier this month.
The exes - who split in December 2023 after a year together - were seen following each other as they exited their luxury hotel in Miami, Florida while a handler carried their luggage.
They were spotted walking on level B1 through the parking garage as they did their best to sneak out of the oceanside resort. They both got into the back of the same car as a security guard kept watch.
The two have been spending a lot of time together after they seemed to say goodbye to their relationship around Christmas time.
Kendall was seen at the last two of Bad Bunny’s three concerts at Kaseya Center in Miami. They were also seen at Bad Bunny’s restaurant Gekko for dinner on Friday and they were going to Grutman’s Casadonna restaurant for lunch on Sunday.
Kendall Jenner and her ex Bad Bunny have been seen together again after shocking fans by reuniting at the Met Gala in NYC earlier this month
The exes - who split in December 2023 after a year together - were seen following each other as they exited their luxury hotel in Miami, Florida
Kendall had on a pale gray tank top with matching long slacks as she added black thin flip flops. Her hair was down and she used a glass bottle of water to try to hide her face to no avail.
The older sister of Kylie Jenner added black think sunglasses even though it was dark in the garage 
Bunny stood out like the sun. The rapper had on bright yellow shorts with a white top that had yellow embroidery. He added slide-in Birkenstock style light brown sandals as he flashed a gold bracelet and carried a black bag.
This comes after they stood out at a private dinner at Gekko Japanese Steakhouse in Miami.
Following the 30-year-old Puerto Rican rapper's show at the Kaseya Center, the former couple were spotted grabbing a late-night meal together. 
The pair, who were escorted to a VIP room, reportedly dined for 'about an hour and 20 minutes before leaving after midnight,' an eyewitness told TMZ. 
Although the eyewitnesses noted that the stars did not engage in any 'outward signs of affection' that they 'still seemed to be a couple.' 
While leaving the restaurant, Jenner followed the three-time Grammy winner out, who turned around to make sure she was behind him, before leaving in the same SUV.
This marks the second time the supermodel, 28, and singer have been seen together in a week, following their cozy reunion at Met Gala afterparty earlier this month.
Last Friday, Jenner was seen attending one of his concerts in Orlando, Florida. 
In a video, shared on X (previously known as Twitter), the 818 Tequila founder could be seen bopping her head and dancing as Bad Bunny performed. 
Kendall wore a a pale gray top and slacks as she added think black flip flops
Kendall was seen at the last two of Bad Bunny’s three concerts at Kaseya Center in Miami. They were also seen together going to Grutman’s Casadonna restaurant for lunch on Sunday and Bad Bunny’s restaurant Gekko for dinner on Friday
They were seen walking through the parking garage as they did their best to sneak out of the oceanside resort
The two have been spending a lot of time together after breaking up over six months ago
They both went into the same SUV car as a male security guard made sure they made it in OK
The Vogue cover girl attempted to blend in with the crowd as she watched the show from the VIP section. 
A source recently told Entertainment Tonight that 'there is definitely still a vibe between' the former couple. 
'Kendall and Bad Bunny are still in contact and spend time together when they can,' the insider revealed. 
'There's a strong connection between them whenever they're together and they have the same chemistry that they've always had.' 
Jenner and Bad Bunny both were pictured sitting next to each other and catching up over a drink at the Après Met 2 Met Gala After Party.
Mr Bunny had on the same outfit but Kendall was now in a black dress with a black purse over their shoulder as they were seen crossing a median
A man in a blue shirt guided the cover girl to a black Cadillac Escalade
The next day, they were seen leaving the same hotel in the heart of Tribeca within the same hour. 
In mid-December, it was reported that Jenner and Bad Bunny, born Benito Martinez Ocasio, split after almost a year together. 
Just weeks after their breakup, the exes rang in the New Year together with mutual friends in Barbados.
'Kendall and Bad Bunny aren't petty and no drastic break up happened. You'll see them together again and again, will it lead to them getting back together romantically or a friends with benefits, those options are on the table but right now nothing is official between the two,' a source told DailyMail.com, at the time.
A source told People that the duo are 'no longer a couple,' giving no details as to why.
Prior to their split, Kendall and Bad Bunny were last pictured together on October 29 while at breakfast in Beverly Hills, one day after they attended a Halloween bash together, per TMZ.
That sighting came after they attended an afterparty for Saturday Night Live in New York City on October 22.
Kendall and Bad Bunny first sparked rumors of a romance in February 2023, after they were seen out together on what appeared to be a double date with Justin and Hailey Bieber at Wally's in Beverly Hills.
At the time, a source at People said: 'Kendall recently started hanging out with him. They were introduced by friends. He moved to LA a few weeks ago and bought a home.'
Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz skip David's birthday dinner
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
David Beckham shares his excitement ahead of 50th birthday
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Fan regrets paying $700 to go to Cowboy Carter for shock view
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Bridget Jones author reveals she was 'groped' while at the BBC
Britney Spears' bold move after ex Sam Asghari flaunts new girlfriend
In mid-December, it was reported that Jenner and Bad Bunny, born Benito Martinez Ocasio, split after almost a year together; Jenner and BB seen at the 2024 Met Gala earlier this month
Jenner and Bad Bunny both were pictured sitting next to each other and catching up over a drink at the Après Met 2 Met Gala After Party (seen on May 6) 
'She likes him and is having fun. He is different from guys that she dated in the past. He is very charming,' the insider said.
Soon after, the couple were seen going horseback riding together in early April, cuddled up on a horse. They were seen on a horse at the Hidden Hills Equestrian Center in LA.
Two weeks later, Kendall and Bad Bunny stayed close at Coachella Music Festival in California. They were seen chatting and standing close in the crowds.
Bad Bunny performed at the festival, with Kendall also supporting him in the audience.
They also attended Met Gala afterparties together on May 1st, despite posing separately on the red carpet at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in the Big Apple.
On May 12, the couple enjoyed a Lakers playoff game together while seated courtside; they appeared very flirty and happy together.
Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz skip David's birthday dinner
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
David Beckham shares his excitement ahead of 50th birthday
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Fan regrets paying $700 to go to Cowboy Carter for shock view
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Bridget Jones author reveals she was 'groped' while at the BBC
Britney Spears' bold move after ex Sam Asghari flaunts new girlfriend
Kendall recently posed in a green bikini - with the top off - for Calzedonia Swim
Kendall and Bad Bunny made a rare display of PDA in August at the Drake concert in LA. The couple couldn't keep their hands off each other, as they kissed, hugged and danced together in the crowd.
The lovebirds jetted off to Milan, Italy after holidaying in Idaho together. They made their front row debut as a couple at the Gucci show in September, which also is the same brand they starred in a campaign for.
Previously, Kendall has dated Harry Styles, Devin Booker, Jordan Clarkson, Blake Griffin and Ben Simmons.
Prior to Jenner, Bad Bunny was romantically linked to Gabriela Berlingeri and Carliz De La Cruz.
What&rsquor;s so important about her and bugs bunn...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group