Friday, May 2 – These 9 New Horror Movies Released Today
‘Hot Ted’ – Killer Teen Comedy to Star Ariana Greenblatt, Ella Purnell, and Billy Magnussen
‘Omukade’ Trailer – Thai Monster Movie Unleashes an Insane Giant Centipede Nightmare! [Exclusive]
‘Bring Her Back’ Directors Preview “Harrowing, Traumatic, and Fun” Film in New Featurette
‘Rosario’ Exclusive Clip Finds Terror Under the Bed; Now Playing in Theaters
Netflix Renews Apocalyptic Sci-Fi Series ‘The Eternaut’ for Season 2
‘Revival’ Trailer Brings the Dead Back to Life in SYFY Comic Book Adaptation Series
Check Into Shudder’s ‘Hell Motel’ from the Creators of ‘Slasher’ [Trailer]
Matthew Lillard in Talks to Join Mike Flanagan’s ‘Carrie’ TV Series
True Crime Book ‘American Predator’ TV Series in the Works from ‘Queen of the South’ Showrunner
‘Rosario’ Review – Family Curse Horror Story Gets Caught in Familiar Possession Trappings
‘The Horror at Highrook’ Nails the Cosmic Horror, But Lacks Complexity [Review]
Blendo Games’ Immersive Sim ‘Skin Deep’ Is Hilarious and Exhilarating [Review]
‘Until Dawn’ Review – Kitchen Sink Creature Feature Fails Its Source Material
‘The Legend of Ochi’ Review – They Don’t Make Fantasy Adventures Like This Anymore
Let’s Cast a ‘White Lotus’ Season With Stephen King Characters! [The Losers’ Club Podcast]
Salem Horror Fest 2025 Opening Night Raises Hell with Ashley Laurence [Event Report]
6 Recent Free-to-Play Horror Games That’ll Give You Nightmares!
Sequel ‘Amityville VR’ Expands Upon the World of ‘Amityville AI’ [The Amityville IP]
Recovered Memories: Karloff Film ‘The Walking Dead’ Is an Overlooked 1930s Horror Offering
‘Return to Skull Island’ Trailer – Kong Strikes in MonsterVerse Comic Miniseries
War-Horror Card Game ‘Deckline’ Coming to Steam on May 7 [Trailer]
‘Bring Her Back’ Directors Preview “Harrowing, Traumatic, and Fun” Film in New Featurette
Get Your Dinosaur Survival Horror Fix in Latest ‘Code Violet’ Gameplay Video [Watch]
Descend Through Hell in Style With Upcoming Metroidvania ‘Fevericide’ [Trailer]
War-Horror Card Game ‘Deckline’ Coming to Steam on May 7 [Trailer]
‘Evil Dead: The Game’ Has Been Quietly Delisted From Digital Storefronts
IndieGogo Campaign Launched for Andrew Saullo’s ‘RESURRECTION: A Biohazard Story’ Web Series [Video]
Get Your Dinosaur Survival Horror Fix in Latest ‘Code Violet’ Gameplay Video [Watch]
6 Recent Free-to-Play Horror Games That’ll Give You Nightmares!
Published
on
By
This week brought along with it five brand new horror movies, including a sequel to a viral hit, the at-home debut of a recent theatrical release, and even a new Easter horror movie.
Here’s all the new horror that released March 25, 2024 – March 31, 2024!
For daily reminders about new horror releases, be sure to follow @HorrorCalendar.
From Fathom Events, the slasher sequel Winnie the Pooh: Blood and Honey II was released into theaters on March 26, but the bad news here is that the film was only playing in theaters for three days – March 26 – March 28. Stay tuned for an at-home release date.
In the film from director Rhys Frake-Waterfield, “Deep within the 100-Acre-Wood, a destructive rage grows as Winnie-the-Pooh, Piglet, Owl, and Tigger find their home and their lives endangered after Christopher Robin revealed their existence. Not wanting to live in the shadows any longer, the group decides to take the fight to the town of Ashdown, home of Christopher Robin, leaving a bloody trail of death and mayhem in their wake. Winnie and his savage friends will show everyone that they are deadlier, stronger, and smarter than anyone could ever imagine and get their revenge on Christopher Robin, once and for all.”
The cast for Winnie the Pooh: Blood and Honey 2 includes Tallulah Evans, Alina Desmond, Scott Chambers (Doctor Jekyll) as Christopher Robin, Ryan Oliva (Seasoning House) as Winnie-the-Pooh, and Peter DeSouza-Feighoney (The Pope’s Exorcist) as Young Pooh.
Matt Leslie (Summer of 84) wrote the screenplay for the slasher sequel.
There haven’t been all that many Easter-themed horror movies over the years, with most fans agreeing that Mick Garris’ Critters 2 still remains the definitive Easter horror movie.
The good news? A brand new Easter horror movie has added itself to the mix this week, with the indie effort Easter Bloody Easter now available for rental on VOD outlets.
Here’s the official synopsis: “The film follows Jeanie (Diane Foster), who, after discovering her husband missing and his car wrecked with blood and fur, embarks on a journey with her friend Carol to uncover the truth behind the town’s dark legend of the killer Jackalope — a shapeshifting human-rabbit hybrid that terrorized the area a century and a half ago. Now, Jeanie and Carol must team up with professional bunny slayer Megan to save their small Texan town — on the eve of celebrating “Easter-palooza” — and stop the Jackalope once and for all.”
From what we gather, the team is hoping that Easter Bloody Easter will launch a franchise, but that of course depends on how many people plunk down their money to check it out.
After scaring up $30 million at the worldwide box office, Blumhouse and Lionsgate’s new horror movie Imaginary is now available for Premium VOD rental/purchase this week.
Imaginary is available to buy for $24.99 and to rent at $19.99 (48-hour period).
DeWanda Wise (Jurassic World Dominion) stars in Imaginary…
“Jessica moves back into her childhood home with her family. Her youngest stepdaughter Alice develops an eerie attachment to a stuffed bear named Chauncey she finds in the basement. Alice starts playing games with Chauncey that begin playful and become increasingly sinister. As Alice’s behavior becomes more and more concerning, Jessica intervenes only to realize Chauncey is much more than the stuffed toy bear she believed him to be.”
The film also stars Tom Payne, Taegen Burns, Pyper Braun, Veronica Falcon, and Betty Buckley. The screenplay is by Jeff Wadlow & Greg Erb & Jason Oremland.
Blumhouse’s Jason Blum produced, with Jeff Wadlow (Cry Wolf, Kick-Ass 2, Truth or Dare, Fantasy Island, The Curse of Bridge Hollow) producing and directing.
Universal’s “Dark Universe” may have gone up in flames right out of the gate, but that’s not stopping other studios from (unofficially) making their own Universal Monsters mashups. All the classic monsters unite to brawl in The Asylum’s Monster Mash, now available on VOD.
Who brings them all together, you ask? Michael Madsen, of course!
In Monster Mash, “A dying Dr. Frankenstein is determined to meld the world’s strongest monsters into a singular, unstoppable creation. Now the monsters—including Dracula, Werewolf, and the Invisible Man—must work together to stop him before it’s too late.”
The film is written and directed by Jose Prendes (The Exorcists).
Legendary’s epic-sized Monsterverse is back on the big screen with Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire, which teams up the two titans to battle a world-ending threat.
Rebecca Hall is back as Dr. Ilene Andrews with Brian Tyree Henry also returning as Bernie Hayes, and they’ll be joined in Godzilla x Kong by Dan Stevens (The Guest).
Adam Wingard (who previously helmed Godzilla vs. Kong) directs Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire, which features a screenplay by Terry Rossio (Godzilla vs. Kong, the Pirates of the Caribbean series) and Simon Barrett (You’re Next) and Jeremy Slater (“Moon Knight”), from a story by Rossio & Wingard & Barrett.
“This latest entry in the Monsterverse franchise follows up the explosive showdown of Godzilla vs. Kong with an all-new cinematic adventure, pitting the almighty Kong and the fearsome Godzilla against a colossal undiscovered threat hidden within our world, challenging their very existence – and our own. The epic new film will delve further into the histories of these Titans, their origins, and the mysteries of Skull Island and beyond, while uncovering the mythic battle that helped forge these extraordinary beings and tied them to humankind forever.”
Kaylee Hottle (Godzilla vs. Kong), Alex Ferns (The Batman, “Chernobyl”) and Fala Chen (“Irma Vep,” Shang Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings) also star.
Writer in the horror community since 2008. Editor in Chief of Bloody Disgusting. Owns Eli Roth's prop corpse from Piranha 3D. Has two awesome cats. Still plays with toys.
Bloody Disgusting’s Summer Horror Preview 2025: 34 Horror Movies You Don’t Want to Miss!
‘I Know What You Did Last Summer’ – Exclusive Look at the Fisherman Slicing & Dicing a Victim!
‘Better Luck than Chuck’ – Horror Trivia Game Show Debuts at SeriesFest This Friday!
Published
on
By
In the wake of five new horror movies this past Tuesday, including the at-home debuts of Christopher Landon’s Drop and the Jenna Ortega-starring Death of a Unicorn, another NINE new movies were unleashed today. They include a period piece shark attack film, the return of David Howard Thornton, and a sun-soaked psychological freakout starring Nicolas Cage.
Here’s all the new horror that released on Friday, May 2, 2025.
For daily reminders about new horror releases, be sure to follow @HorrorCalendar.
Felipe Vargas (Milk Teeth) makes his feature directorial debut with the horror movie Rosario, which is now playing in limited theaters beginning today from Mucho Mas Releasing.
Alan Trezza (We Summon the Darkness, Burying the Ex) wrote the film, which explores the weight of generational secrets and the price we pay for the dreams we inherit.
Emeraude Toubia (“Shadowhunters”) and David Dastmalchian (Late Night with the Devil) star.
“Wall Street stockbroker Rosario returns to her grandmother’s apartment after her sudden death. While sorting through her Grandmother’s belongings, Rosario uncovers a horrifying secret—a hidden chamber filled with occult artifacts tied to dark generational rituals.
“As supernatural occurrences plague her, Rosario must confront her family’s buried secrets and face the truth about the sacrifices and choices they made.”
Paul Ben-Victor (“The Wire”), José Zúñiga (Constaine), Diana Lein (“Fear the Walking Dead”), Emilia Faucher (Snow White), and Guillermo García (“Mayans M.C.”) round out the horror movie’s cast. Shot on location in Bogotá, Colombia and New York City, Rosario is produced by Silk Mass’ Jon Silk and Mucho Mas’ Javier Chapa and Phillip Braun.
From director Matthew Holmes (The Legend Of Ben Hall, The Cost), Fear Below does something a little different with the tried-and-true shark attack horror movie, transporting us back in time to the deep, dark waters of 1940s Australia. It’s now available on VOD.
In the shark movie, “A team of professional divers in ’40s Australia are hired to locate a sunken car in a river whose efforts are thwarted by a deadly bull shark hunting in the waters.
“When the divers discover they are working for ruthless criminals trying to recover their stolen gold bullion, the bank robbers prove to be as treacherous as what lurks beneath the surface.”
Hermione Corfield (Sea Fever), Will Fletcher (The Rings Of Power), Jake Ryan (Wyrmwood: Apocalypse), Clayton Watson (Matrix Revolutions), Josh McConville (Elvis), Kevin Dee (Road To Boston), Sam Parsonson (Transfusion), Jacob Nayingul (Higher Ground), and Arthur Angel (The King’s Daughter) star.
Did we do good this time, Matthew? Any objections? Sound off below.
After an exclusive theatrical run earlier this month, Steven LaMorte’s Screamboat starring David Howard Thornton is now available at home from DeskPop Entertainment.
You can rent the film for $19.99 or purchase it for $24.99.
David Howard Thornton stars as Steamboat Willie in Screamboat, a twisted version of the black-and-white Mickey Mouse that was introduced in Disney’s animated short in 1928.
In the film, “Be our guest on a NYC ferry ride that turns into a hilarious nightmare when a mischievous mouse named Steamboat Willie becomes a monstrous reality. As passengers set sail, their trip turns deadly when the tiny terror unleashes murder and mayhem.”
From the producers of Terrifier 2 and Terrifier 3, Screamboat is written and directed by Steven LaMorte (The Mean One). Quantum Creation FX, Inc. (The Last Voyage of the Demeter) created the creature from designs by concept artist Christian Cordella (Spider-Man: No Way Home).
The cast includes Allison Pittel (Stream), Amy Schumacher (The Mean One), Jesse Posey (Selena), Jesse Kove (Cobra Kai), Kailey Hyman (Terrifier 2), Rumi C Jean-Louis (Hightown), Jarlath Conroy (George A. Romero’s Day of the Dead), and Charles Edwin Powell (The Exorcist III), with cameos from Tyler Posey (Teen Wolf), Brian Quinn (Impractical Jokers), and stand-up comedian Joe DeRosa (Better Call Saul).
Director Joshua Erkman’s feature debut A Desert blends nihilistic neo-noir and horror, and it’s now playing in select theaters only in Los Angeles from Dark Sky Films. 
The film comes to NYC theaters on May 9 and gets a wider release on May 16.
In the noir horror thriller, “A past his prime photographer heads out on a road trip across the American Southwest to recapture the magic and success of his previous work. Instead, he finds himself thrust into the dark and chaotic underbelly of America and unwittingly drags his wife and a shady private detective down into this nightmare world with him.”
David Yow (The Toxic Avenger), Kai Lennox (Green Room), Sarah Lind (A Wounded Fawn), Zachary Ray Sherman (“Under the Banner of Heaven”), Ashley B. Smith (Off Ramp, Extremity), Rob Zabrecky (A Ghost Story), and S.A. Griffin (Vegas Vacation) star.
Meagan Navarro wrote in her review out of Tribeca Film Fest, “A Desert reaches a fitting conclusion, thematically and tonally, but the steadfast refusal for tidy answers may polarize. Still, the refreshingly unpredictable journey and richly textured worldbuilding establish Erkman as a bold new voice, one that deftly blends genres with stunning precision.”
The Nicolas Cage psychological thriller The Surfer from director Lorcan Finnegan (Vivarium, Nocebo) is now playing in theaters from Lionsgate and Roadside Attractions.
When a man (Nicolas Cage) returns to his beachside hometown in Australia, many years since building a life for himself in the U.S., he is humiliated in front of his teenage son by a local gang of surfers who claim strict ownership over the secluded beach of his childhood.
Wounded, he decides to remain at the beach, declaring war against those in control of the bay. As the conflict escalates, the stakes spin out of control, taking him to the edge of sanity.
Julian McMahon, Nic Cassim, Miranda Tapsell, Alexander Bertrand, Justin Rosniak, Rahel Romahn, Finn Little and Charlotte Maggi star alongside Nicolas Cage.
Thomas Martin wrote the screenplay for The Surfer.
Vampire lore gets reimagined in Daydreamers, a groundbreaking genre-bender set in modern-day Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. The Vietnamese film is now playing in limited theaters.

Daydreamers will later sink its fangs into digital platforms on June 3.
The film follows Nhat, a young vampire raised in a secluded river community that suppresses its thirst for human blood in hopes of regaining lost humanity.
When his long-lost brother Marco returns with stories of vampires thriving in the big city amongst humans, Nhat is drawn into a dangerous world that tests his loyalty, beliefs, and survival. His fate takes a turn when he meets Ha, a rebellious schoolgirl who uncovers his secret—forcing Nhat to break vampire law in an act of forbidden protection.
As Trieu, a ruthless vampire queen, orders their execution, the city erupts into chaos, setting the stage for a final battle between brothers—one embracing the monster within, the other fighting to hold onto his last shred of humanity.
Tran Ngoc Vang (Nhat), Thuan Nguyen (Marco), Trinh Thao (Ha), and Chi Pu (Trieu) star in the film that blends horror and fantasy, written and directed by Timothy Linh Bui.
From Freestyle Digital Media, the psychological horror/thriller Room Six is now available on all major VOD outlets. The film is written and directed by Hobart Miller & Michael Panico.
Room Six tells the story of Maxx — a college student working the night shift for her summer job at a rural, vacant rundown motel before the late-night arrival of two brothers.
After a few suspicious incidents, Maxx’s curiosity (or paranoia) gets the best of her, and she decides to investigate. Maxx quickly finds herself in danger as she uncovers what lies hidden in the brothers’ room. Sophia Echendu, Mickey O’ Sullivan, and Jack Ball star.
“Room Six is a raw, gritty thriller that takes place across one eventful night at a rural motel. We wrote this story after reflecting on our own self-destructive tendencies and coping mechanisms,” said the directors. “The intention is to highlight how unresolved trauma in one’s past can shape their future and to explore what it means to reach the point of no return.”
In the wake of Disney’s Snow White movie starring Rachel Zegler, indie horror mockbuster The Death of Snow White was released in select theaters beginning today, May 2.
We understand the theatrical release from Atlas Entertainment is extremely limited, with The Horror Collective bringing the film home to Digital outlets later this year.
Stay tuned for an at-home release date and check your local listings.
“After the mysterious death of Snow White, her closest friends embark on a journey to uncover the truth behind her demise. As secrets unravel and betrayal surfaces, they realize the darkness that lurks beneath the surface of their seemingly idyllic kingdom. With twists and turns, they must navigate through danger to seek justice and avenge their friend’s tragic end.”
Sanae Loutsis, Chelsea Edmundson, Tristan Nokes, Meredith Binder, Colin Miller, and Dillon Moore star in the indie mockbuster from Real Fiction and STL Productions.
Jason Brooks directed the film, written by Brooks and Naomi Mechem-Miller.
Train to Busan breakout star Don Lee (The Roundup franchise) continues his streak for playing tough guys with Holy Night: Demon Hunters, now playing in select theaters.
In the occult action-horror film, “Seoul descends into chaos as a devil-worshipping criminal network emerges. In a desperate plea for salvation, the police turn to ‘Holy Night’—a secretive trio of demon hunters armed with supernatural powers.”
Lim Dae-Hee directed the film from a story by Don Lee. Seohyun (K-Pop group Girls’ Generation), David Lee (“Squid Game“), Kyung Soo-Jin, and Jung Zi-so also star.
Don Lee, also known as Ma Dong-Seok, leads as Ba Woo. He’s joined by Sharon (Seohyun), who can detect and exorcise demons, and Kim-kun (David Lee), their loyal support. When psychiatrist Jung-Won (Kyung Soo-Jin) begs for help to save her possessed sister Eun-Seo (Jung Ji-So), the team faces a terrifying force unlike any they’ve seen before.
Copyright © 2025 Cineverse





													You must be logged in to post a comment.