Former President Barack Obama shared a list of the songs he's been listening to over the summer, continuing a tradition of sharing songs, TV shows and movies he thinks others should check out.
Here's a look at the songs on Obama's playlist.
What Happened: Obama is best known for his role in politics, which recently included an endorsement for Vice President Kamala Harris as president in the 2024 election.
The former president is also known for his role in entertainment with Higher Ground, a production company co-founded with wife Michelle Obama.
The production company has produced several television series and movies and earlier this year expanded a partnership with streaming giant Netflix. Higher Ground and Netflix signed a new multiyear first-look content deal back in June.
Obama's list of songs he's been jamming to over the summer includes classic musicians like Etta James, Bob Dylan, The Rolling Stones, The Supremes, The Miracles and Bob Marley and a mix of newer artists like Billie Eilish, Charli XCX, Shaboozey and Beyoncé.
Here's a look at the list of songs in the order Obama shared them:
Did You Know?
Why It's Important: The list shared by Obama is likely just for fun, but could lead to big spikes in sales or streams for certain artists, particularly the smaller ones that the former president included.
Obama has 131.7 million followers on X, ranking second behind billionaire Elon Musk, who also owns the social media platform.
The former president also shared the playlist on other social media platforms, which could expand the reach.
Followers were ready to debate on why certain artists were included on the playlist and others weren't. Among the biggest question mark from users was why global superstar Taylor Swift didn't find her way on the playlist.
Check This Out:
Photo: Evan El-Amin on Shutterstock
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
Trade confidently with insights and alerts from analyst ratings, free reports and breaking news that affects the stocks you care about.
A newsletter built for market enthusiasts by market enthusiasts. Top stories, top movers, and trade ideas delivered to your inbox every weekday before and after the market closes.