A collaboration that’s virtually irresistible 
A collaboration that’s virtually irresistible 
SYKY and XTENDED iDENTiTY have joined forces to curate a collection that takes fashion across mixed realities. Unveiled at a recent launch party on June 7th, the collection reflects the shared vision of both brands and extends beyond the ordinary to create visionary NFTs.
XTENDED iDENTiTY, a London-based, female-led fashion brand, has gained a reputation for harnessing the power of technology to redefine identity. The brand is a favorite among music industry icons like Grimes, Ozzy Osbourne, Megan Thee Stallion, IVE, and Bad Bunny. The five-piece collaboration with SYKY includes physical and digital versions of luxury fashion and homeware pieces in a striking exclusive SYKY-blue chrome colorway.
The collection includes five signature pieces including jewelry, accessories, and home goods — each available in both digital and 3D-printed versions. By merging organic forms with modern embellishments and materials, the collection reimagines the limitations of reality and brings about the impossible with digital fashion.
The Winged Wonders ensemble is a physical-digital one of one marvel, with digital wings that unfold behind the wearer, eminent of soaring birds, butterflies, and other mythical creatures. The Butterfly Crown is a made-to-order masterpiece, available in both digital and 3D-printed physical versions. The Butterfly Candle Holder also captures the emotion and magicality of a butterfly in flight. 
Additionally, the Butterfly Earring, an open edition treasure, features a romantic winged shape that curls delicately around the ear, while the Stem Vase is a fusion of nature-inspired design and cutting-edge technology, crafted in XTENDED iDENTiTY’s signature skeletal style to mimic the literal curve of a flower stem.
Both digital and physical pieces from the collection will be available for purchase on SYKY.com until December 6th, with physical versions also available through xidentity.org. This collaboration marks the first drop in the “SYKY Drops” series, a monthly release of digital and physical pieces from the world’s most exciting designers, held on the first Friday of every month.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!