Care and Feeding is Slate’s parenting advice column. Have a question for Care and Feeding? Submit it here.
Dear Care and Feeding,
My husband and I recently moved to a new town. I’d like to make friends with some other families at our kids’ school, but my husband is very introverted and private—he rarely likes to attend or host social gatherings. I’m fine going on my own, but other couples seem uncomfortable or taken aback when I respond, “The kids and I would love to join you for dinner; Dave won’t make it.” Their well-meaning response is always to propose alternate dates when Dave might be available, but the truth is that Dave is likely never going to want to come. Is there a polite, efficient way to communicate, “This probably won’t be a couples friendship, but I’d love to be part of your group if you’ll take me solo”?
—Co-parenting with an Introvert
Dear Co-parenting,
As long as maintaining all the social connections doesn’t feel burdensome for you, I think it’s great to just do whatever generally works best for you and your husband, respectively. He shouldn’t feel pressured to attend way more events than he can handle without ending up totally drained, and you should still be able to meet people and socialize frequently if that’s what you want.
As for what you tell people, I’m sure you’re going to be polite no matter what—so it’s really a question of what you’re comfortable with. There’s nothing wrong with just saying that your husband is really introverted, so it’s often going to be just you and the kids. It’s also fine to leave his introversion out of it and go with something closer to what you wrote: You want to hang out and appreciate being invited, and quite often you might be solo.
I can’t promise there won’t be anyone who comments on your husband’s absence. But the people you really want as friends shouldn’t judge or care. And frankly, it shouldn’t be some new experience for them—many people are solo parents, for one reason or another.

      Please keep questions short (<150 words), and don‘t submit the same question to multiple columns. We are unable to edit or remove questions after publication. Use pseudonyms to maintain anonymity. Your submission may be used in other Slate advice columns and may be edited for publication.
    
Thanks! Your question has been submitted.
Dear Care and Feeding,
My mom was an alcoholic and had some type of mental health issue with huge mood swings with scary highs and suicidal lows. She was incredibly anxious all the time. She could be very charming but unpredictable. Sometimes she pulled me out of school to go to the mall and spoil me with money we didn’t have, and sometimes she greeted me home from school by chucking a bottle at my head. I lost four of my baby teeth from the glass and got plastic surgery on my mouth as an adult. She died in a DUI when I was 12, and I can’t explain how much of a relief it was. One of my dad’s girlfriends got me in therapy a few years later, and my husband’s family all but adopted me in my 20s. I feel like I’ve mostly recovered from my mom, although I’m a strict non-drinker because of those experiences.
My husband and I have beloved 13- and 15-year-old daughters together. I know that mood swings and irritable, moody behavior is normal for teens. I’m worried it goes beyond normal for our younger kid, but I don’t know where the line is for getting her evaluated. My dad and I barely talk, so if there are any medical clues about my mom, it would be very delicate to try to get them. Our older daughter was definitely moody and anxious about fitting in at that age, and she often still is. But with our younger daughter it’s totally different—it seems more intense, and the mood swings climb alarmingly high and swing back down just as far. I’m afraid I’m seeing something that isn’t there because of family history. My husband says teenagers are just moody; that everything is fine and we should wait it out and avoid medicalizing what could be totally normal. But she could have inherited something from my family, and if that’s the case I’d rather get her help early. She hasn’t brought it up to me as a problem or asked for help, but she’s 13 so I wouldn’t really expect her to.
My gut says something’s wrong, but my gut also tells me that a glass of wine with dinner could lead me into alcoholism, so it’s not reliable. Should I be trying to get my dad to provide medical info? Should I wait this out? Should I insist on a doctor visit?
—Mama Trauma
Dear Mama Trauma,
It’s really up to you how hard you want to press your dad for more medical info, or whether you want to do so at all. He might not actually know much about your mom’s diagnoses—if she was even formally diagnosed. And remember that even if you had a definitive medical history from your mother, it wouldn’t prove or disprove anything where your younger daughter is concerned, because her health is her own.
I have so much sympathy for your inability to trust your gut when your own history has given you reason to be worried. We can never really know exactly what’s going on in someone else’s head, no matter how much we love them. All you can do is your best, trying to trust yourself and support your child as much as possible. You know what you’re seeing. You say that you find your daughter’s “mood swings” alarming at times. Here are a few other questions to think about: Have you noticed these “moods” or anxiety regularly affecting her daily life? Her eating or sleeping routines, her ability to do schoolwork, her motivation to get things done? Have you ever been even a little worried that she might harm herself somehow?
I really am not sure what your husband’s comment about “medicalizing” means? But I don’t think it’s “overmedicalization” to use a resource you already have; namely, your child’s doctor. I’ve sometimes scheduled a call or appointment with my kids’ pediatrician (with or without the kids present) just to share some concern we have, or something we want to pay attention to. It doesn’t have to be a five-alarm fire to warrant documenting it and asking whatever questions you have. You shouldn’t be afraid to bring it up—at least, you shouldn’t if you really trust your family’s pediatrician (who should be routinely screening for mental health issues anyway). Asking questions and sharing your concerns is what you should be doing with your kids’ doctor. I don’t see it as “medicalization” to try to get more information or ask whether your daughter might be able to use some additional support.
Your husband seems to be saying “it’s not that bad yet,” to which I can only say, first of all, good; and second, there’s no rule stating that you have to let a child struggle more than she needs to, or try to figure everything out all on her own, just because being a teenager is hard for everyone. Odds are that whatever is going on with your daughter is very much within the bounds of normal for a teenager. That doesn’t mean she couldn’t possibly use some help identifying and processing those normal things and feelings. She might be able to do that with you, but if you ever think she might need more support, or just someone to talk to who’s not one of her family members, it’s always fine to consider that.
It’s not as if something has to be terribly, wildly out of control or “wrong” for you to wonder if there are ways it could be easier or better for your child. It’s actually great if you can spot a challenge and try to get a kid some help before something more serious occurs. Two things can be true at once: Whatever your daughter is feeling is most likely a pretty common thing for kids her age, and perhaps she can still be supported to find better, healthier ways of acknowledging and dealing with it—ways that might cause her less anxiety, heartache, and turmoil along the way.
· Missed earlier columns this week? Read them here. · Discuss this column in the Slate Parenting Facebook group!
Dear Care and Feeding,
I have read your many excellent responses to the perennial issue of Santa, yet still find myself struggling with what to say to my now-4-year-old twins. I really did not want to do Santa for my kids—at least, not the breaking-and-entering aspect. I also didn’t love that he would get credit for my gift ideas! Plus, two members of my extended family had very negative reactions to being told the truth about Santa—one got into a fight with the friends who were trying to clue him in, and the other had a meltdown and wouldn’t speak to his parents for weeks when they told him the truth). And I’m just not into or good at lying to my kids—I like playing pretend but I am clear with them it is not real. So I decided when they were born we just wouldn’t go big with Santa in our home. We take pictures with Santa but he would be more like a character in a book or TV show—like seeing Mickey Mouse walking around the fall festival.
That worked ok when they were younger than 4. This summer, they started pestering me with questions about Santa and everything about him and what he does, focusing especially on all the toys he brings. I can do some light pretending such as “Yes, he does live at the North Pole!” but I am really freezing up at all the toy questions. And I’ve not outright said “He’s pretend” and don’t want to do this, as I don’t want my kids to spoil it for other kids. My mom suggested a compromise with a “Santa stocking,” if I really don’t want him to get credit for the gift, but that doesn’t solve the home invasion and the lying. I am stuck and could use some language to help me get through this but also—maybe I need a reality check and should suck it up and just let the kids believe whatever they want?
—Am I On the Naughty List?
Dear Naughty List,
Though I honestly think it’s a bit much to refer to Santa’s activities as “breaking and entering,” I’ll admit that something always tripped me up when I thought about going all-in on the Santa legend, or the Easter Bunny, or the Tooth Fairy. I suppose I just wanted to be able to tell my kids that I’d never intentionally lied to them about anything, no exceptions—I wanted them to know that when I said something to them, I always knew (or at least believed) that it was true. At the same time, I love Christmas and didn’t want to deprive them of any joy around the holiday. So, when they were young enough to care about or “believe” in supernatural gift-givers, I was mostly a passenger; it was their ride.
Despite me never talking with them much about Santa, they kind of absorbed a generic belief in the Jolly Old Elf from other kids, children’s books and movies, etc. They “believed” primarily because it made them happy to do so, and there was no big reason for me to take that away from them. So when they asked me if Santa was real, I would ask them what they thought. When they questioned how he could possibly make it to all the houses he needed to visit in one night, I asked how they thought it could work. One year, one of my kids noticed that all the tags on the presents said they were from us, so she concluded, entirely on her own, that the gifts in the stockings must be from Santa. I guess some sticklers might call my decision not to correct her a lie of omission? But to me, there is a difference between asking what she believes/letting her believe what she wants, and outright creating a fantasy and telling her it’s real. (To be clear, I’m not here judging anyone who does that; I know Santa is an important tradition to a lot of people, even if I could personally take or leave it.)
This is honestly my approach to a lot of big (and small) issues that have come up over the years. Of course there are plenty of times when the stakes have been a lot higher and I’ve wanted to—and have—had much more influence over what they believe. I don’t shy away from sharing my values and opinions. But even so, I’ve rarely regretted taking the time to ask my kids what they think and why. And when it comes to something as low-stakes as Santa, I was fine with them believing in him for a while if they wanted to.
If it’s at all reassuring to you, my kids have always enjoyed Christmas the exact same amount—in years when they were more Santafied, and in years when they weren’t. No matter your kids’ ages when they stop believing, they will sometimes find themselves around other kids who do, so the rule of “don’t spoil the fun for anyone else” applies regardless.
—Nicole
My husband and I have a great toddler, and after some medical challenges in trying to have a second child, we’ve decided to adopt. We’re excited! But we’re dealing with a few sets of issues, including a negative reaction from some family members. What should we do?
Slate is published by The Slate
          Group, a Graham Holdings Company.
All contents ©
        2025
        The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved.