By OWEN TONKS FOR MAILONLINE and SARAH PACKER CHIEF SHOWBIZ REPORTER 
 Published:  22:09, 24 May 2024   |  Updated:  23:09, 24 May 2024   
 192
View  comments
Katie Price was issued with a parking ticket as she visited London's Clapham to record an episode of her podcast on Friday.
The former glamour model, 46, was seen with her boyfriend JJ Slater, 30, as she parked her pink Range Rover before laying down the latest instalment of her podcast The Katie Price Show.
She wore a cropped white top which left her stomach tattoos on show and donned some pink tracksuit bottoms for her outing.
Reality star Katie shielded her eyes behind some dark sunglasses and was followed by partner JJ, who rose to fame on Channel 4's Married At First Sight UK last year.
The former Celebrity Big Brother winner found herself in another unfortunate situation with the parking ticket following confirmation for the first time this week she's finally moving out of her Mucky Mansion after she was served an eviction notice to leave the property.
Katie Price was issued with a parking ticket as she visited London's Clapham to record an episode of her podcast on Friday
The former glamour model, 46, was seen with her boyfriend JJ Slater, 30, as she parked her pink Range Rover, with the parking ticket later being slapped on her windscreen
Katie stepped out to lat down the latest instalment of her podcast The Katie Price Show in London
The mother-of-five revealed she will soon be collecting the keys for a new home and denied recent reports she was looking to move her family into a caravan.
After nine years, Katie says she 'can't wait' to relocate and admits, 'I've had nothing but bad memories in that house', insisting moving will be the start of a new chapter in her life.
Former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! campmate Katie was declared bankrupt for a second time in March over an unpaid tax bill of £761,994.05.
Speaking about the West Sussex property, branded the 'Mucky Mansion' because of its constant state of disrepair, Katie said: 'I absolutely hate the Mucky Mansion, even how it's been called the Mucky Mansion because of all the stuff that happened there before.
'I can't wait to get out of that house I've had nothing but bad memories in that house for nine years. I hate the Mucky Mansion, I never want to see it again and I can't wait to move into my new place, I am so excited.
'New beginnings, new start, reset button, I love it.
'But don't worry, I'll be featuring my new house on my YouTube channel when I get the keys and welcoming you to my new house, I can't wait, I just want to get rid of all the bad stuff in the past and have a fresh start. 
'Although I would love a big caravan, it wouldn't fit us all in so it's definitely not a caravan I'm moving into.' 
She wore a cropped white top which left her tattoos on show while JJ wore a grey hoodie and some white shorts
Reality star Katie and her partner JJ, who rose to fame on Channel 4's Married At First Sight UK last year, where away from the vehicle when it was seen by a parking attendant
JJ was seen chatting on the phone while Katie was recording her podcast but spotted the parking ticket on the car
He collected the yellow ticket after it was issues to hand to Katie when she returned to the car
Katie found herself in another unfortunate situation with the parking ticket following confirmation for the first time this week she's finally moving out of her Mucky Mansion
Katie, who's a mum to Harvey Price, 21, as well as Junior, 18, and Princess, 16, who she shares with Peter Andre and Jett, 10, and Bunny, nine, from her relationship with Kieran Hayler, was first declared bankrupt in 2019. 
In March, she became bankrupt for a second time after she failed to pay her taxes, saying the reason she has debts is because she went through a 'breakdown.'
Speaking on the Stripping Off podcast with Matt Haycox, Katie said she wasn't even aware of the second bankruptcy, insisting, 'I will pay it, but it just has to be when I've got it.'
She said: 'Yeah, you should always pay your tax, this and that. But obviously, I went through a breakdown so then I didn't pay tax and that's sort of where the bankruptcy thing has come from.' 
Katie has been given until June 26 to leave the Mucky Mansion, which became the subject of a Channel 4 documentary when she attempted to install life back into the property for the last time.  
She was served an eviction notice to leave the property and will soon be collecting the keys for a new home and denied recent reports she was looking to move her family into a caravan (JJ pictured)
During an Instagram live on Tuesday, she confirmed there will be no further renovation shows based around the house, saying, 'Is there going to be anymore Mucky Mansions shows? No.'
She was served an eviction notice on April 24 and told to leave by the end of May but has been given an extension by her mortgage provider.
Katie was due to give evidence at the High Court over her finances last month but failed to turn up because she was on holiday in Cyprus with boyfriend JJ.  
The 'Mucky Mansion' earned its nickname following years of damage to the property, including flooding, burglaries, mould and even reports of it being haunted.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group