By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:43, 4 November 2024   |  Updated:  07:46, 4 November 2024   
 274
View  comments
Jennifer Lopez looked red carpet ready while arriving at a screening for her upcoming film Unstoppable in New York City. 
The On The Floor singer, 55 — who recently enjoyed a lavish lunch with her 16-year-old son — commanded attention in a Gucci tan knit button-up with a diamond collar and matching shorts.
On Sunday, she leveled-up her look with a brown turtleneck and knee-high boots paired with designer glasses as adoring fans snapped photos of her. 
The bombshell wore a full face of glamorous makeup and tied back her honey-toned locks while posing up a storm in the streets.
Unstoppable first premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September and is slated for a limited theatrical release on December 6 before hitting the Prime Video library on January 16, 2025.
Jennifer Lopez looked red carpet ready while arriving at a screening for her upcoming film Unstoppable in New York City on Sunday
She commanded attention in a Gucci tan knit button-up with a diamond collar and matching shorts
The actress and singer wore a full face of glamorous makeup and added a pair of leather gloves
According to an official description the film follow the true story of 'Anthony Robles, born with one leg, who defies expectations to become a champion wrestler in college, competing against the very school that rejected him.' 
Unstoppable also stars Jharrel Jerome, Bobby Cannavale, Don Cheadle and Michael Peña.
Lopez's Big Apple outing comes days after the Puerto Rican songstress endorsed vice presidential candidate Kamala Harris, joining the democrat at her Las Vegas rally. 
The New York native campaigned for the 60-year-old Vice President on Thursday, entertaining her supporters with a performance and emotional speech.
She look radiant in a brown bodycon dress that flaunted her famous curves while encouraging first-time voters and meaningful political discussion.
Lopez also expressed her unity with fellow Puerto Ricans after Trump rally comedian Tony Hinchcliffe called Puerto Rico a 'floating island of garbage' on Monday.
The comment received backlash from the Puerto Rican community, leading to high profile celebrities who share the heritage to use their platform to fire back. 
Pop sensations Bad Bunny and Ricky Martin publicly proclaimed their support for the democratic ticket in response. And reggaeton singer Nicky Jam withdrew his endorsement of former president Trump in the wake of the anti-Puerto Rican joke at his Madison Square garden rally. 
The bombshell tied back her honey-toned locks while posing up a storm in the streets 
Unstoppable first premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in September and is slated for a limited theatrical release on December 6 
The film will hit the Prime Video library on January 16, 2025
The film follow the true story of 'Anthony Robles, born with one leg, who defies expectations to become a champion wrestler in college, competing against the very school that rejected him
Unstoppable also stars Jharrel Jerome, Bobby Cannavale, Don Cheadle and Michael Peña
Lopez's estranged husband Ben Affleck and his longtime friend Matt Damon are among the producers on the biographical sports film drama 
Lopez and Judy Robles dished about their experience making the film with William Goldenberg, who was making his feature film debut with Unstoppable
The panel included the likes of Cori Murray (Moderator), William Goldenberg (Director), Lopez, Judy Robles, Jharrel Jerome and Anthony Robles
'I'm so excited to be here in Nevada campaigning with VP Kamala Harris,' the Hustlers star said in a clip of her presentation.
'Our very futures are on the line in this election. So, come on everybody... let's get loud,' referencing her 1999 hit. 
After the rally, she took to her Instagram to share photos of herself with the democratic presidential nominee. 
'Honored to stand with @KamalaHarris. Let’s continue to lift each other up and keep pushing for a future where every voice is heard!' she wrote to her audience of 250M.
Harris added to the caption of the joint post, 'Listen to @jlo: Your vote is your voice. Let’s get loud.' 
Lopez's Big Apple outing comes days after the Puerto Rican songstress endorsed vice presidential candidate Kamala Harris, joining the democrat at her Las Vegas rally
Vice President Kamala Harris has already garnered various endorsements from a string of high-profile celebrities that have pledged to vote for the former Attorney General of California.
Just after the October 1 presidential debate, pop-megastar Taylor Swift took to Instagram to endorse the former Senator, writing, 'I'm voting for @kamalaharris because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them. I think she is a steady-handed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos.'
Nine-time GRAMMY award-winning singer Billie Eilish and her brother Finneas also took to X to praise the Harris-Walz ticket.
Other celebrity endorsements include Harrison Ford, Beyonce, Jennifer Lopez, Ariana Grande, Charli XCX, Bill Nye, Jaime Lee Curtis, Demi Lovato, Anne Hathaway, Cardi B, Ben Stiller, Bruce Springsteen and Barbra Streisand, among others.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group