Just when you thought the adidas Gazelle couldn't get better, adidas introduces a modern twist — wrapping the trendy sneaker in everyone's favorite practical material, GORE-TEX. 
If we've learned anything from DESCENDANT's GORE-TEX Gazelle collab, it's that the adidas model wears the outdoor-ready material pretty well. And adidas' newest in-line iteration doesn't disappoint.
adidas' GORE-TEX Gazelle sneakers are some of the cleanest versions of the model, constructed with the breezy, weatherproof technology frequently seen in outdoor shoes.
Everyday sneakers regularly enjoy the GORE-TEX treatment now (as you can probably tell by this adidas update).
adidas finishes the Gazelles off with creamy leather Stripes and incredibly nice colorways, including icy blue and navy, which bring some stylish appeal to the shoe.
The adidas Gazelle continues to be a crowd favorite with its flat-soled aura, classic suede build, and endless solid colorways.
The collaborations involving the adidas model have also been quite on point, from Bad Bunny's perfectly imperfect remake to CLOT's espadrille-ification of the shoe.
GORE-TEX? Gazelles? What's not to like?
For those who are ready to slam their card down to check out, adidas' GORE-TEX Gazelle sneakers are expected to drop at sites like BILLYS on on September 30.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.