By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:04, 13 April 2024   |  Updated:  20:10, 13 April 2024   
 27
View  comments
Kendall Jenner was spotted walking the grounds on the first day of the celebrity-packed weekend one of the Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival in Indio Valley, California.
On Friday evening, the supermodel, 28, bundled up in a gray zip-up hoodie and brown leather jacket, opting for a low-key profile in a blue baseball cap and her hood pulled over her head.
She also sported a pair of black, straight-leg denim jeans and shiny, patent leather boots.
The Kardashians star — who appeared to be attending solo unlike last year when she was spotted cozying up to her now-ex and then-headlining act Bad Bunny — left her raven black tresses down and tucked inside of her jacket during the windy night in the desert.
She looked stunning in a radiant and rosy makeup look featuring champagne highlighter, peachy-pink blush and a mauve gloss.
Kendall Jenner was spotted walking the grounds on the first day of the celebrity-packed weekend one of the Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival in Indio Valley, California
Jenner appeared to be walking away from a set and heading to another with her team. 
None of her famous family members appeared to have been in attendance with her on the first day of the festival.
This year, the 818 Tequila founder also brought along her liquor brand for an 'outpost' — which she shared snaps of on her Instagram Story — providing drinks and merchandise for partygoers.
Last year, the reality TV personality was seen supporting Bad Bunny as he performed his headlining set in the early stages of their relationship.
During his show, he even pulled up an old tweet on the screen behind him and dissed Jenner's ex Harry Styles. 
After watching his performance and dancing up a storm with her friends, the couple had attended a show together, where they were seen whispering sweet nothings into each other's ears.
Even after starring in a luxury brand campaign together, however, their relationship started to 'fizzle out.' 
Ten months after the pair first sparked romance rumors, it was reported that she and the Puerto Rican rapper called it quits in December 2023. 
Just earlier this month, she was seen in another Gucci campaign but this time rolling her luggage through a commercial airport all by herself. 
On Friday evening, the supermodel, 28, bundled up in a gray zip-up hoodie and brown leather jacket, opting for a low-key profile in a blue baseball cap and her hood pulled over her head. She also sported a pair of black, straight-leg denim jeans and shiny, patent leather boots
Last year, the reality TV personality was seen supporting Bad Bunny as he performed his headlining set in the early stages of their relationship. This year, she appeared to be attending by herself
Ten months after the pair first sparked romance rumors, it was reported that she and the Puerto Rican rapper called it quits in December 2023
Recently, Jenner is rumored to be dating her NBA ex Devin Booker again. The former couple were dating for two years before quietly splitting in November 2022
After the ad was released on Thursday afternoon, many of her fans took to social media to troll the wealthy star, who tends to travel via private jets and has handlers to carry her luggage. 
Some social media users also asked where her ex-boyfriend was, joking that he 'must have not gotten a return flight. 
Recently, Jenner is rumored to be dating her NBA ex Devin Booker again. 
The former couple were dating for two years before quietly splitting in November 2022. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group