Kendall Jenner can never be low key with her 292 million Instagram followers, but her summer post is quite charming and chill.
Many users are obsessed with her love life, with even this most-recent post closely scrutinized with the lack of her latest beau, Bad Bunny.
More noticeable is her continued love affair with horses, with many photos in the Instagram post including beautiful images of her with presumably Arizona. Of course, those in the fashion world know that Jenner and Gigi Hadid made a grand entrance at Vogue World Paris 2024 in matching equestrian-inspired suits from Hermes, riding horses naturally.
The 28 year old captioned the post, “some of me.”
A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner)
Look at the show jumping one. Impressive! 
For those that don’t know, Jenner has been passionate about equestrian sports and horses her entire life, going so far as to tell Vogue that she was more into equestrian sports than fashion growing up. And obviously, she blends the two, as is very apparent in her Vogue equestrian fashion ride earlier this year.
So of course her bikini photos will get all the headlines, but it’s the heartwarming equestrian photos that would seemingly be her favorite. Oh, and the one with the adorable baby llama.
— Enjoy free dish of rich and fabulous players with The Athlete Lifestyle on SI —
Duplantis’ date: GF Desiré Inglander blowing up after Armand Duplantis’ epic celebration
How much?!: Snoop Dogg’s alleged Paris Olympics payday has fans reeling
U-S-Nay: Why Olympic darling Duplantis chose Sweden over the United States
Sprinting stunner: Meet Ewa Swoboda: Viral tattooed Polish sprinter and Barbie model
$$$: How much gold is in a 2024 Olympic gold medal and what is one worth?
Matthew Graham has over 20 years of media experience and oversees The Athlete Lifestyle On SI. He has had previous leadership roles at NBC Sports, Yahoo, and USA TODAY, where he co-founded For The Win (named Best Mobile Site by Digiday). He has also written for ESPN, Cosmopolitan, US Weekly, People, E! Online, and FHM, covering major sports and entertainment events like the Oscars, the Golden Globes, NBA Finals, Super Bowl, and winning the Yahoo Superstar Award for coverage of the Olympics.

© 2025 2024 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.