Darren Aronofsky is an actor's filmmaker. He knows how to get his cast members nominated for Oscars, and in two instances, he has secured wins for them (Natalie Portman and Brendan Fraser). This is partially what makes his upcoming film so exciting.
The filmmaker has confirmed that Caught Stealing will be his next venture. The thriller will be set in 1990s New York, and revolve around an ex-baseball player who plunges into the criminal underworld in a manic fight for survival. It's a great premise, and one that seems ideally suited to Aronofsky's very specific brand of psychological exploration.
The cast is staggering. Aronofsky consistently lands A-list talent, but he's decided to pivot to a mixture of newcomers and veterans for Caught Stealing. In an effort to bring more attention to the Sony thriller, we wanted to run through the cast and help build hype for what's sure to be one of the most buzzed about films of 2025.
Austin Butler will be playing the aforementioned former athlete. The actor is one of the most promising young stars in Hollywood, as evidenced by his Oscar-nominated performance in Elvis (2022) and his scene-stealing turn in Dune: Part Two (2024).
The rest of the main cast includes Zoe Kravitz, Matt Smith and Regina King. All three actors have had exemplary decades, thanks to their ability to alternate between indies and blockbuster releases. Kravitz recently made her directorial debut with Blink Twice, while Smith continues to be a standout on House of the Dragon. 
Bad Bunny will also be playing a crucial role in Caught Stealing. The music superstar has dabbled in film and TV, courtesy of Bullet Train (2022) and Narcos: Mexico (2021). The rest of the ensemble, per Deadline, will rely on veteran character actors like Griffin Dune, Liev Schreiber, and Vincent D'Onofro. 
Dune is best known for his role in After Hours (1985), another film about a man falling down the rabbit hole of New York, while D'Onofrio is perhaps best known for portraying Hell's Kitchen kingpin Carlton Fisk in the MCU.
A release date for Caught Stealing has not yet been announced, but if this doesn't qualify as an anticipated 2025 film, we don't know what will.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.