By STEPHEN M. LEPORE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:21, 3 July 2024   |  Updated:  14:03, 3 July 2024   
 90
View  comments
White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre may need advice from her own book that she penned four years ago as her boss Joe Biden's reelection chances plummet following a disastrous debate performance. 
Biden insiders continue to insist that the president, 81, will carry on against Donald Trump despite the massive fallout from his train wreck first debate from just five days ago. 
Jean-Pierre, who has been in the job since May of 2022 after replacing Jen Psaki, is a longtime figure who has worked for several Democrat politicians in the past.
She has gained so much experience on campaigns that in 2020, before Biden was elected to his first term, she released a memoir called 'Moving Forward.' 
The book received a mild resurgence on social media this week, for reasons she might come to regret: an excerpt she used to promote it titled 'What it's like working for a doomed presidential candidate.'
White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre may be looking for advice from herself four years ago as her boss Joe Biden's campaign continues to crumble
Jean-Pierre has gained so much experience in Democrat politics that in 2020, before Biden was elected to his first term, she released a memoir called 'Moving Forward'
The Salon excerpt was published on February 17, 2020, before Biden had clinched the nomination, in between Jean-Pierre's stints as Chief of Staff for now-Vice President Kamala Harris' flop campaign and her work with the eventually victorious Biden one. 
'There's nothing more dispiriting than working on a dying campaign. The atmosphere resembles one of those sad birth­day balloons with the air slowly seeping out as it deflates,' she writes. 
Jean-Pierre discussed her experiences working for two of the most notoriously disgraced men in Democrat Party history: Philanderer, ex-North Carolina Senator and failed presidential candidate John Edwards and former New York Congressman and convicted sex pest Anthony Weiner.
Weiner's name has remained in the news over the years, after he spent time engulfed in a number of high-profile scandals that doomed his political ambitions and sent him to jail.
The Congressman was caught on multiple occasions sending explicit snaps to various women - even during his political campaigns.
But he failed to learn from his missteps and was later sentenced to 21 months in prison after he began sexting a 15-year-old girl.
Jean-Pierre served as press secretary for Weiner as he was contemplating running for mayor of New York City in 2009. 
She calls Weiner 'one of the most gifted politicians I have ever encountered' but as many have since found out, incapable of self-control. 
Jean-Pierre discussed her experiences working for two of the most notoriously disgraced men in Democrat Party history: Philanderer, ex-North Carolina Senator and failed presidential candidate John Edwards (pictured) and former New York Congressman and convicted sex pest Anthony Weiner
Weiner's name has remained in the news over the years, after he spent time engulfed in a number of high-profile scandals that doomed his political ambitions and sent him to jail
Jean-Pierre 'wasn't burned by my association with Weiner' and quickly moved on to working for the 2012 Barack Obama campaign. 
However, she claims it taught her to not be easily impressed by her bosses and when it comes to politics, 'believe in the mission, not the messenger.' 
Before working for the man infamously known as 'Carlos Danger,' she cut her teeth working for Edwards, who imploded his campaign in one of the biggest Democrat political scandals of 2000s. 
Edwards - whom Jean-Pierre correctly points out was once considered 'Bill Clinton without the baggage' - ran as John Kerry's running mate in 2004 as a rising star in the party, ultimately losing to President George W. Bush and VP Dick Cheney. 
In 2008, he sought the Democratic presidential nomination, going against Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama.
He withdrew from the race after The National Enquirer revealed his affair with a campaign staffer while his wife, Elizabeth, battled cancer. Seven months after Elizabeth's death, Edwards was charged with campaign finance violations.
It was alleged that he funneled nearly $1million in donations from wealthy socialite Bunny Mellon to his mistress - Rielle Hunter - with whom he fathered a child. 
But after a six week trial in North Carolina, a jury failed to reach a decision on five of the six counts he'd been facing. The acquitted him on the sixth, and a year later, the federal prosecutors who so zealously went after him agreed to drop the case. 
Jean-Pierre 'wasn't burned by my association with Weiner' and quickly moved on to working for the 2012 Barack Obama campaign
Before working for the man infamously known as 'Carlos Danger,' she cut her teeth working for Edwards, who imploded his campaign in one of the biggest Democrat political scandals of 2000s
Edwards has remained largely out of public view since his May 2012 acquittal on one charge of campaign finance fraud. 
A federal judge declared a mistrial on five other criminal counts after jurors couldn’t agree if Edwards illegally used campaign money to hide his pregnant mistress as he ran for president in 2008. 
Unlike the Weiner escapade, Jean-Pierre said 'of all my career decisions, the one I most regret is choosing to join the John Edwards campaign in 2007 rather than Barack Obama's.'
She said that when Edwards was finishing third in South Carolina in 2008 to Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, 'I couldn't get out of town fast enough.'
Jean-Pierre reiterates her message on believing in Edwards' agenda - which she says she still does on most issues - and not the candidate himself.
'You, the volunteer or staffer, should believe in the politician's mission, their goal of changing society, more than in the poli­tician him or herself,' she concluded. 
These are not even Jean-Pierre's only experiences working for a longshot presidential hopeful, as she served as Deputy Campaign Manager for Martin O'Malley's third place 2016 run. 
Jean-Pierre was forced to give her own explanation about the president's poor debate performance from the White House podium Tuesday.  
Jean-Pierre was forced to give her own explanation about the president's poor debate performance from the White House podium Tuesday
The tense exchanges show how the issue of a declining president will overshadow the rest of this year's election, as nervous Democrats begin openly calling for Biden to step aside.
'We're not taking away from what you all saw or what the American people saw,' said Karine Jean-Pierre. 
'We understand it was a bad night. It is not uncommon for incumbents to have a bad night on their first debate, and we are going to continue to do the work that we have been doing on behalf of the American people.'
Her answers were greeted with incredulity in the White House briefing room as she explained that the president was simply suffering from a cold and had no plans to step aside.
The poor performance has dominated news headlines ever since, triggering panic among Democratic donors who fear his campaign is sleepwalking into disaster.
Questions in the briefing room about what sort of shape Biden will be in at the end of a second term and about dementia will not help.
Jean-Pierre did her best to draw a line under the debate. 
She painted a picture of a busy president getting on with the job, traveling to Wisconsin later in the week, sitting down for an interview with ABC News' George Stephanopoulos, and hosting a solo press conference next week when NATO leaders are in town. 
She also confirmed he was holding a virtual meeting with Democratic governors, but would not answer questions about whether it was designed to offer reassurances. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group