Want Stoke-on-Trent news emailed to you direct from our journalists? Sign up to our newsletter
We have more newsletters
Want Stoke-on-Trent news emailed to you direct from our journalists? Sign up to our newsletter
We have more newsletters
A schoolboy was diagnosed with cancer - after hurting his back as he played with friends. Christopher Tolley had been playing outside when he fell and complained of the bad back.
Medics sent the 12-year-old to Birmingham Children's Hospital where he was diagnosed with Ewing sarcoma. He is still receiving chemotherapy at the Royal Stoke University Hospital following his October diagnosis.
Now brave Christopher is raising money to buy computer games and toys for the Royal Stoke's 217 oncology ward.
READ: Dad, 37, 'fobbed off' by NHS given weeks to live as cancer mistaken for indigestion - Joe Snape was diagnosed with terminal cancer this year, despite visiting doctors for 18 months
READ: Stokie great-grandad skydives for Dougie Mac after beating cancer twice - 75-year-old Alan Rigby, from Etruria, jumped from an aeroplane at 10,000ft
Mum Sam, from Blurton, said: ”I originally thought Chrissy had broken his spine because he came in from outside crying his eyes out. The doctors said we’d have to go to Birmingham so we went over and he was diagnosed with Ewing sarcoma. As strange as it sounds, I’m thankful he had that fall because I don’t know what would have happened if it hadn’t triggered it. Christopher can’t walk at the moment because he was leaning all on his nerves so he’s in a wheelchair but he does try to use a frame. All he wants is his mobility back so he can play with his friends.”
An online fund-raising appeal has so far collected more than £1,200 for the Royal Stoke. It comes as Christopher has been treated to the Star Bikers turning up in his street - thanks to family friend Bonnie Maclachlan.
Sam added: “Christopher has been doing amazing. Bonnie knows loads of Star Bikers and organised it and arranged for Steve Colclough to pick him up in his supercar because Christopher couldn’t ride a bike due to not being able to walk. Marcia Hughes bought a bunny for Chrissy and she put a Star Bikers badge on for him. Chrissy calls it his worry bunny and is taking it with him when he has treatment.
“The street was packed, you couldn’t fit cars down there. It really made his day because bikes and cars are Christopher all over and he says this is something he’ll remember for the rest of his life. It was a truly amazing day. We managed to raise £338 when the bikers turned up so we’ve raised over half his target already in total. I can't thank them all enough for what they did for my boy. Chrissy's smile means the absolute world to me and they all did that.”
To support the online fund-raising appeal, click here.
  NEWSLETTER: Sign up for email alerts direct to your inbox