Roman Reigns generously surprised a pediatric patient, Emma, at the Joe DiMaggio Children’s Hospital with VIP tickets to a Bad Bunny concert and a special meet-and-greet session with the artist.
The hospital made the heartwarming announcement via its official Instagram account. Emma, a devoted fan of Bad Bunny, received this special gift from Reigns, which brought joy and excitement to her stay at the hospital.
The hospital wrote on Instagram,
“Grab the tissues for a feel good, happy tears moment
@WWE Tribal Chief, @romanreigns, recently surprised our adorable patient, Emma, with VIP suite tickets and a private ‘meet and greet’ with her favorite artist, @BadBunnyPR, at his concert in Miami. Roman Reigns remembered her telling him how much she loved the superstar singer when he visited our Child Life Zone over the holidays, and with the help of some good friends, he made her dreams come true.
Thanks to the incredible generosity of #LarrysPrivateCarandLimoWorldwide and the support of Sergeant Robinson from the Miami Dade Police Department, Emma’s experience was nothing short of magical as she arrived to meet ‘el conejo malo’ in style. This unforgettable gesture created beautiful memories for our sweet girl and left a beaming smile on her face!
Thank you to @badbunnypr, @romanreigns and the @miamidadepd, for making Emma’s dreams a reality!
#JDCHFoundation #BadBunny #JDCH #JDCHKids #conejomalo”
The Tribal Chief’s last WWE appearance was at WrestleMania 40 (Night Two) where he lost the Undisputed WWE Universal Title to Cody Rhodes.
A post shared by Joe DiMaggio Children’s Hosp (@jdchospital)
Roman Reigns is the longest-reigning WWE Universal Champion, and is part of the Anoaʻi family, which also includes his father Sika Anoaʻi, brother ...
eWrestlingNews was founded in 1999 and has been covering wrestling news 24/7 ever since. With a strong team of writers, editorialists, and social managers, we strive to provide to you the most up-to-date wrestling news and information around the web.