By 

	Marc Malkin

Senior Editor, Culture and Events

	This year’s Met Gala will be a garden party.

	Vogue announced Thursday that the 2024 gala — taking place May 6 — will coincide with the Metropolitan Museum of Art’s Costume Institute’s “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion” exhibit. Dress code for the evening is “The Garden of Time.”

	Anna Wintour’s co-chairs for the evening include Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth. This year will mark Hemsworth’s first time at the ball, with the three other co-chairs having attended in the past. “Garden of Time” is inspired by J.G. Ballard’s 1962 short story of the same title

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Horror Overkill: Too Many Scary Movies Set for 2025 Theatrical Releases		
			














	
		
					NBC Cheerleading Comedy Pilot 'Stumble' Casts Jenn Lyon in Lead Role		
			








	The announcement was made on Vogue’s social channels along with a video of text messages Wintour sent to the co-chairs asking if they’re free on May 6.

	“Anyone got a Garden of Time outfit I can borrow,” Hemsworth wrote in an Instagram post alongside the text message chain.

	“Garden of Time” is inspired by J.G. Ballard’s 1962 short story of the same title.

	The Met Gala is considered the year’s biggest night for fashion and Hollywood. It always takes place the first Monday of May.
“It’s Valentino, baby!” Rihanna walks the carpet at the MetGala.

	Last year’s co-chairs included Penélope Cruz, Dua Lipa, Roger Federer and Michaela Coel. The gala celebrated the “Karl Lagerfeld: A Line of Beauty” exhibit with a dress code “in honor of Karl.” Jared Leto arrived on the carpet in cat costume in honor of Lagerfeld’s beloved pet, Choupette.

	This year’s “Sleeping Beauties” exhibit will include about 250 items spanning 400 years from the Costume Institute’s permanent collection. The exhibition will be shaped around three main “zones” – Land, Sea and Sky.

	Performances at the gala are not usually announced ahead of time. Lizzo was last year’s surprise performer. 
The Business of Entertainment