News | Jan 17, 2024 
UPDATE: Tonight’s HAIRBALL show has been canceled, according to event organizers. 
“Due to vehicle issues and severe weather conditions on i70 throughout the morning, the band and crew could not make it to Beaver Creek for tonight’s performance,” said Ruthie Hamrick of the Vail Valley Foundation. “They were so excited to rock out in Beaver Creek for the first time, but look forward to their Vail Valley debut this summer.”
The band is scheduled to return to the Vilar August 8.
The original story is below.
—
Hairball — A Bombastic Celebration of Arena Rock packs the night full of sensory overload in the best possible way. The band pays homage (and oh, it is “worthy”) to the likes of Aerosmith, Van Halen, KISS, Motley Crüe, Queen, Journey and more, complete with costumes, pyrotechnics, five video screens and lighting.
As the band’s website describes it, it’s like 20 concerts in one night: “To merely call it a concert would be like calling Mount Rushmore a roadside attraction.”
“It’s everything you’d want to see — (where) visual meets sonic power,” said vocalist Dave Moody, a former bass player for Billy Ray Cyrus who sings hits from AC/DC, Twisted Sister, Cinderella, Quiet Riot, KISS and more in Hairball. “It’s an assault on your eyes and ears. We’re gonna leave you sticky, broken and confused. We want you to float out of there.”
For 23 years, the band has rocked hundreds of thousands of fans across the nation. It performs about 130 shows a year, spending 200 days on the road and adding more characters, pyrotechnics, lights, props and rockin’ attitude as it goes along.
“Every night is a 100% full-on, no-hold-barred, exciting, chaotic, fiery party that has to be experienced to be believed,” according to Hairball’s bio.
The six artists who make up Hairball have lived “the gospel of rock ‘n’ roll,” as Moody puts it, all their lives. While most kids grew up with Bert and Ernie or Bugs Bunny, the crew spent their formative years listening to rockers like Alice Cooper, Gene Simmons, Axl Rose, Brian Johnson and many others.
“Those were our babysitters,” Moody said, “so they’re easy to replicate.”
KISS is the sole reason Moody performs today — as a kid listening to “ALIVE!,” he mimicked all four members while standing in front of his mirror.
“I would spend hours looking at album covers, liner notes and band thank yous. I’d read that stuff over and over and over. It was almost disturbing. KISS was my release, my religion and my teacher,” he said in his bio.
Meanwhile, bands like Styx, Kansas and Boston were Hairball vocalist Drew Hart’s obsession. He, like Moody, studied the albums and acted out the parts. Vocalist Kris Vox began as a drummer at age 13, spurred by favorite bands like KISS, Foreigner, Queen, Bad Company and The Beatles. Drummer Billy steeped himself in classic rock, following legendary drummers like John Bonham, Alex Van Halen, Neil Peart, Terry Bossio and Phil Rudd. Once Hairball bassist and vocalist Brian HBK heard Led Zeppelin, he was hooked. He joined his first bar band at age 15 and hasn’t looked back since. He has a hard time choosing the favorite act he plays with Hairball, but, if pressed, he’ll go with Guns N’ Roses. Lead Hairball guitarist and vocalist Happy grew up admiring Evel Knievel, Kung-Fu and The Six Million Dollar Man — with a side of Dean Martin. He brings the feelings that his musical heroes like KISS, Van Halen, Queen, Cheap Trick and Aerosmith infected him with to the audience night after night.
“They are the soundtrack to our lives and many others’,” Moody said about the legendary rockers.
As a result, Hairball’s shows have become intergenerational; it’s not uncommon to see a grandma and her granddaughter singing choruses together and pumping their fists.
“We stay true to the characters in facial expression, movement, attitude and costumes,” Moody said, adding that they ask the audience to suspend disbelief and place themselves in the arena of rock — albeit, a smaller, more intimate one. “While we know we are not these characters, we become the characters.”
As Hairball pays tribute to the greatest arena rock bands during its two-plus hour show, they hope to transport fans straight into the power of rock ‘n’ roll.
“We get possessed with the power and the glory. We go out and testify every night. You get infected by the spirit, and it overtakes you and there’s nothing you can do to stop it,” Moody said. “We want people to have fun. This world is so crazy now — we’re a refuge for that. (Hairball) is nothing but great music and a great party to forget about your problems.”

May 1, 2025


Apr 24, 2025


Apr 22, 2025


Apr 22, 2025


Apr 17, 2025


Apr 30, 2025


May 1, 2025


Apr 28, 2025


May 1, 2025


May 1, 2025


Now Hiring: Insurance Sales & Agency Support Rep . Do you love working in a positive, energetic environment where you…


Advocate Position Summary: Under the direction of Bright Future Foundation’s Advocacy and Housing Supervisor, the Advocate will support the mission…


Appointment Scheduler Avon, CO Job Type Full-time Description About the Steadman Clinic: Join The Steadman Clinic Team and embark on…


Hiring Full Time Front Desk Agent & Maintenance Technician Join a fun team with great benefits! Housing may be available.…


Catholic Charities Housing Now Hiring a Site Manager in Glenwood Springs, CO Salary: $56485-$64000 Machebeuf Apartments and Benedict Apartment. OUR…


Job Title: Towing Operator - West Vail Shell Company: West Vail Shell Towing Services Location: West Vail, Colorado About Us:…


Full-Time positions with excellent benefits • Senior Engineer: $110,000-$152,000 • Public Works- Operator I: $56,000-$76,000 • Public Works...


Insurance Specialist Avon, CO Job Type Full-time Description About the Steadman Clinic Join The Steadman Clinic Team and embark on…


IT'S TIME TO BEGIN YOUR STORY WITH FOUR SEASONS VAIL Current Openings: Lead Host, Host, Lead Concierge, Guest Experience Specialist,…


EAGLE COUNTY GOVERNMENT JOIN OUR TEAM Our Full-Time jobs come with amazing benefits. Soar with Eagle County! Apply now at…


May 2, 2025


May 2, 2025


May 2, 2025

Sign up for daily and breaking news headlines.
Manage Subscriptions

May 1, 2025

Kentucky Derby Parties The 151st Kentucky Derby is set for Saturday at 4:57 p.m. and here are a few places you can go for watch parties: Lookout Bar at Westin Riverfront in Avon Celebrate the Kentucky...

Apr 17, 2025

Easter events in the Vail Valley Church services An Easter tradition that’s been going on for over 30 years is the Vail Mountain Easter Sunrise Service bright and early on Sunday morning. This takes place...

Apr 10, 2025

Après Madness Championship Party at Avanti F&B The NCAA College Basketball Tournament may have crowned a champion on Monday, but Friday is when you can congratulate this year’s winner of Vail’s own form of competition:...

Apr 3, 2025

Après at The Amp For its third year in a row, the Gerald R. Ford Amphitheater has proven that it’s not just a summer venue. Each April a huge crowd comes out – rain, snow,...

Mar 27, 2025

Mania: The ABBA Tribute ABBA, the Swedish pop band that took the world by storm in the 1970s and early 1980s with its hits “Waterloo,” “Take a Chance on Me” and “Dancing Queen,” will virtually...

Jobs


Classifieds


Autos


Real Estate


Rentals


Service Directory


Pets


Merchandise


Legals


Place Legal Ad


Search Legal Ads


Farm & Ranch


Recreation


Announcements


Contact Us


Become a Carrier


Submissions


Advertise


Submit an Obituary


Commercial Print Sales


RSS


Magazines


Vail Daily E-Edition


Daily Weekly E-Edition


Eagle Valley E-Edition


Newsletters


Cookie List


Do not sell my personal information


Events in Vail today and tomorrow


Events in Vail this week


Events in Vail within two weeks


Aspen-Snowmass


Breckenridge-Summit County


Craig-Moffat County


Glenwood Springs-Rifle


Park City-Utah


Steamboat Springs-Routt County


Winter Park-Granby-Grand County


Printing Press Jobs

©2005 - 2025 Swift Communications, Inc.