By 

	Ellise Shafer


	At a campaign event for Kamala Harris in Nevada on Thursday night, Jennifer Lopez called out the comments about Puerto Rico made at Donald Trump‘s Madison Square Garden rally earlier this week.

	Before Trump took the stage on Sunday, comedian Tony Hinchcliffe said: “There’s literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. I think it’s called Puerto Rico.” The remark sparked outrage from the Latino community and beyond, including from Lopez, Bad Bunny and Ricky Martin. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					What an AI War on Copyright Law Could Mean for Content Creators		
			














	
		
					'Suits LA' Casts Yvette Nicole Brown in Guest Star Role (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	“He reminded us who he really is and how he really feels,” Lopez said of Trump at Harris’ Nevada event (via CNN). “It wasn’t just Puerto Ricans who were offended that day. It was every Latino in this country, it was humanity and anyone of any decent character.”




			Popular on Variety		






	Lopez added that she is “not here to trash anyone or bring them down.”

	“I know what that can feel like and I wouldn’t do it to my worst enemy, or even when facing the biggest adversary I think America has internally ever had,” she said. “But over Kamala Harris’ entire career, she has proven to us who she is. She has shown up for us every day, for the people. And it’s time for us to show up for her.”

	Lopez noted that her parents were born in Puerto Rico before moving to New York City. “Yes, I was born here and we are Americans,” she said. “I am a mother. I am a sister. I am an actor and an entertainer and I like Hollywood endings. I like when the good guy, or in this case the good girl, wins. And with an understanding of our past and a faith in our future, I will be casting my ballot for Kamala Harris for president of the United States proudly.”

	She concluded: “You can’t even spell American without Rican.”
The Business of Entertainment