Netflix is adding the new sports series Spring and Receiver to its lineup in July 2024. Vikings: Valhalla returns for season three, Exploding Kittens featuring the voice Tom Ellis (Lucifer) debuts, and Cobra Kai kicks off its sixth and final season this July.
Netflix’s roster of films arriving in the hot summer months include Beverly Hills Cop: Axel F, The Imaginary, Wild Wild Punjab, Vanished Into the Night, and Find Me Falling. New documentary films and series include The Man with 1000 Kids, Homicide: Los Angeles, Skywalkers: A Love Story, and Dirty Pop: The Boy Band Scam.
July 1, 2024
About Antoine: Season 1
Amazing Antoine
American Hustle
American Psycho
Annabelle
Back to the Future
Back to the Future Part II
Back to the Future Part III
Big Daddy
The Blind Side
Call Me by Your Name
Captain Phillips
Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 2
Easy A
Extreme Makeover: Home Edition (Batch 3)
The House Bunny
Jigsaw
The Karate Kid
Lost: Seasons 1-6
Magic Mike XXL
Matilda
The Nun
Paw Patrol: The Movie
Spider-Man
Spider-Man 2
Spider-Man 3
Star Trek: Prodigy: Season 2
Suits: Season 9
The Sweetest Thing
Uncle Buck
The Wiz
Zombieland
July 2, 2024
SPRINT – Sports Series
Elite sprinters navigate training, media scrutiny and fierce competition in this sports series following their race to become the world’s fastest humans.
July 3, 2024
Beverly Hills Cop: Axel F – Film
Forty years after his unforgettable first case in Beverly Hills, Detroit detective Axel Foley returns to do what he does best: solve crimes and cause chaos.
Love Is Blind: Brazil: Season 4 (BR) – Reality Series
In this season, singles, once engaged or married, explore new romantic possibilities and make deep connections without seeing each other first.
The Man with 1000 Kids – Documentary
A group of families learn the charismatic man they had trusted is sperm donor to hundreds – or perhaps thousands – of other children across the world.
July 4, 2024
Barbecue Showdown: Season 3 – Reality Competition
The mouthwatering cooking competition returns as nine contestants face off in a fiery battle to be the next barbecue champion.
Rhythm + Flow France: Season 3 – Reality Competition
New jury. New rules. Superstar judges SCH, SDM and Aya Nakamura shake it up in their quest to crown the new biggest name in French-language rap.
July 5, 2024
Desperate Lies – Series
Due to a rare phenomenon, a woman finds herself pregnant with twins by two men. Over time, she strives to keep her family united — and her secrets hidden.
Goyo – Film
A young museum tour guide with autism falls in love with his older coworker and grapples with new, intense emotions.
The Imaginary – Film
Rudger, a made-up friend, gets separated from his best friend Amanda and must team up with lost Imaginaries to get back to her before he fades away.
The Secret of Skinwalker Ranch: Season 3
July 7, 2024
Boruto: Naruto the Movie
The Last: Naruto the Movie
Road To Ninja: Naruto The Movie
July 8, 2024
Bad Boys
Bad Boys II
July 9, 2024
The Boyfriend – Series
Over the course of a month, a group of men live under one roof and run a coffee truck together to connect and hopefully meet their one true boyfriend.
Hannah Berner: We Ride at Dawn – Comedy
A new stand-up special from comedian Hannah Berner.
July 10, 2024
Eva Lasting: Season 2 – Series
Eva’s return sparks a new round of school debates, deep chats, dating dramas, magical moments of camaraderie — and endless hope for Camilo.
Love Is Blind: Brazil: Season 4 – Reality Series
In this season, singles, once engaged or married, explore new romantic possibilities and make deep connections without seeing each other first.
Receiver – Sports Series
It’s been said that there’s no more difficult position in the NFL than the quarterback. But throwing the pass is only half the story. Receiver follows five of the NFL’s best pass catchers throughout the 2023 season on and off the field: Davante Adams, Justin Jefferson, George Kittle, Deebo Samuel and Amon-Ra St. Brown.
Sugar Rush: The Baking Point: Season 2 – Reality Competition
Ready, set, whisk! Emotions — and cakes — run high as six new teams whip up jaw-dropping culinary creations to wow the judges and take home the dough.
Wild Wild Punjab – Film
A group of drunk boys decide to avenge a friend’s breakup by crashing his ex’s wedding and achieve closure. What ensues is a bold and impromptu plan for a “breakup trip” leading to unforeseen adventures in this maze of a land called — Wild Wild Punjab!
July 11, 2024
Another Self: Season 2 – Series
As they continue to explore their ancestral traumas, Ada, Sevgi, and Leyla face life-altering decisions amid new beginnings in coastal Ayvalık.
Vanished into the Night – Film
A father, immersed in a difficult divorce process, embarks on a dangerous mission when his children disappear from their isolated country house.
Vikings: Valhalla: Season 3 – Series
Seven years have passed. As Harald aspires to become King of Norway, Leif searches for the Golden Land and Freydis seeks a happy life for her people.
Rhythm + Flow France: Season 3 – Reality Competition
New jury. New rules. Superstar judges SCH, SDM and Aya Nakamura shake it up in their quest to crown the new biggest name in French-language rap.
July 12, 2024
Blame the Game – Series
Pia invites her new boyfriend Jan to her regular game night, but the unannounced arrival of Pia’s ex raises the stakes for everyone.
The Champion – Film
A hot-headed football star has it all until a fight gets him benched and assigned a new tutor: a reclusive academic who’ll teach him to face his fears.
Exploding Kittens – Series
Earth sucks, so God (Tom Ellis) gets fired and sent to Earth to reconnect with humanity. The catch? He’s trapped in the body of a chubby house cat. As part of his rehabilitation, he moves in with a dysfunctional family and tries to solve their problems, but ends up spending a lot of time chasing laser pointers. And to top it off, Godcat’s next-door neighbor, who is also a cat, turns out to be none other than his nemesis, the Antichrist. The result is the ultimate fight between good versus evil…except, Godcat (Ellis) is distracted by a pigeon he saw in the yard and Devilcat (Sasheer Zamata) is busy napping on someone’s laptop.
Lobola Man – Film
Ace Ngubeni, a slick lobola negotiator, faces his toughest deal yet for a shy client — only to find the stakes are higher than cash.
July 14, 2024
Five Star Chef – Reality Competition
Seven professional chefs compete to bring their fine-dining concept to the historic Palm Court restaurant at London’s luxurious Langham Hotel.
July 15, 2024
Midnight Sun
Trolls Band Together
Wonderoos – Family
Join animal pals Kiki, Dewey, Hazzy, Luly and Teshi as they learn how to make friends, try new foods and face other big firsts in colorful Roo City!
July 16, 2024
The Boy Next Door
Fifty Shades Darker
Fifty Shades Freed
Chad Daniels: Empty Nester – Comedy Special
Comedian Chad Daniels sounds off on dad-shaming, dating someone with allergies and the upside of an empty nest in this edgy stand-up special.
Homicide: Los Angeles – Documentary Series
From Law & Order Creator Dick Wolf, Wolf Entertainment and Alfred Street Industries comes Homicide, a new docuseries that illuminates the stories of notorious murder cases as told by the people who know them best: the detectives and prosecutors who cracked them.
July 17, 2024
The Green Glove Gang: Season 2 – Series
Hiding and on the run, the Green Glove Gang is forced to resurface when one of their sons entangles with a fierce gangster, prompting a showdown.
T・P BON: Season 2 – Anime
Now an official Time Patrol agent, Bon continues his extraordinary rescue missions through space-time while mentoring his new assistant, Yumiko.
July 18, 2024
Cobra Kai: Season 6 Part 1 – Series
With Cobra Kai eliminated from the Valley, our senseis and students must decide if and how they will compete in the Sekai Taikai — the world championships of karate.
Master of the House – Series
A family enters a power struggle following the death of their patriarch, who leaves behind his diamond empire — and the housekeeper he recently married.
Rhythm + Flow France: Season 3 – Reality Competition
New jury. New rules. Superstar judges SCH, SDM and Aya Nakamura shake it up in their quest to crown the new biggest name in French-language rap.
July 19, 2024
Find Me Falling – Film
After a failed comeback album, a rock star (Harry Connick Jr.) escapes to a cliffside home on a dreamy Mediterranean island, only to find his new life complicated by unwanted visitors — and an old flame.
Skywalkers: A Love Story – Documentary
To save their career and their relationship, a daredevil couple journey across the globe to climb the world’s last super skyscraper and perform a life-or-death acrobatic stunt on the spire.
Sweet Home: Season 3 – Series
The world teeters on the boundary between monsters and humans, leaving humanity with a difficult choice. As desires clash, a desperate fight ensues.
Too Hot to Handle: Season 6 – Reality Series
New season, new prize fund, new twists — and a naughty new sidekick for Lana, who’s stirring up trouble among the villa’s sexy singles.
July 21, 2024
Rhythm + Flow France: Season 3 – Reality Competition
New jury. New rules. Superstar judges SCH, SDM and Aya Nakamura shake it up in their quest to crown the new biggest name in French-language rap.
July 23, 2024
All American: Season 6
July 24, 2024
Dirty Pop: The Boy Band Scam – Documentary
This compelling docuseries tracks the rise and fall of Lou Pearlman, the music mogul who created and exploited some of the biggest boy bands of the ’90s.
Love of my life – Series
The young and fierce daughter of a wealthy landowner falls for a charismatic young laborer — only for their families to tear them apart.
Resurrected Rides – Reality Series
Comedian Chris Redd works with a dream team of car experts to breathe new life into worn-out rides with stunning customized makeovers.
July 25, 2024
The Decameron – Series
In 1348, a plague strikes hard in the Italian countryside as a handful of nobles take their servants to a grand villa for a lavish holiday. But what starts as a wine-soaked sex romp turns into a scramble for survival in this dark comedy.
Kleo: Season 2 – Series
Former East German spy Kleo continues her whirlwind rampage through post-Cold War Europe, sending her deeper into her own past than she would like.
Tokyo Swindlers – Series
A team of swindlers gets wind of prime real estate worth 10 billion yen and will stop at nothing to pull off their most ambitious scam yet.
July 26, 2024
The Dragon Prince: Season 6 – Family
As Callum and Rayla set out in search of a way to destroy Aaravos, their friends face the elf’s insidious influence in both Xadia and Katolis.
Elite: Season 8 – Series
Omar and Nadia reunite just as graduation nears for students at Las Encinas and one last mystery pushes friendships — and enemies — to the brink.
House of Ga’a – Film
Bashorun Gaa recounts the rise and fall of a ruthless kingmaker who wielded deceit and voodoo to reign, only to be undone by his own blood.
Non Negotiable – Film
Hostage negotiator Alan Bender is called to rescue the president from a kidnapping, only to find himself also mediating to save his wife and marriage.
Too Hot to Handle: Season 6 – Reality Series
New season, new prize fund, new twists — and a naughty new sidekick for Lana, who’s stirring up trouble among the villa’s sexy singles.
July 27, 2024
The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
July 31, 2024
Mountain Queen: The Summits of Lhakpa Sherpa – Documentary
​​The first Nepali woman to conquer Everest sets out to ascend the peak for the 10th and final time in this captivating documentary.
Unsolved Mysteries: Volume 4 – Series
Cold cases, bizarre creatures and more puzzling events are reexamined by witnesses, law enforcement and experts in this chilling docuseries.
Advertisement




Advertisement




Advertisement




Write for Showbiz Junkies!
Contact Us
Follow Showbiz Junkies on Social Media
About the Showbiz Junkies Team
Terms and Conditions