By LILY JOBSON FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:21, 27 February 2024   |  Updated:  15:12, 27 February 2024   
 50
View  comments
Jennifer Lopez has revealed what famous faces turned down her offer to appear in her This Is Me... Now movie.
During her new Prime Video documentary The Greatest Love Story Never Told, which released on Tuesday, the singer, 54, shared which A-listers were given the opportunity.
From reality stars, to singers and actors, Jennifer invited a range of celebrities to take part in her Amazon Prime movie. 
One of Jennifer's team members claimed Snoop Dogg, Khloe Kardashian, Taylor Swift, Bad Bunny, Vanessa Hudgens, Lizzo and Ariana Grande were either unavailable or said no following her offer.
Jennifer, whose documentary shares a behind-the-scenes insight into creating the film, also wanted Jason Momoa and Jennifer Coolidge to star in her movie.
Jennifer Lopez, 54, has revealed what famous faces turned down her offer to appear in her This Is Me... Now movie
During her new Amazon Prime documentary The Greatest Love Story Never Told, which released on Tuesday, the singer shared which A-listers were given the opportunity (Taylor Swift pictured)
One of Jennifer's team members claimed Snoop Dogg (pictured), Khloe Kardashian, Taylor Swift, Bad Bunny, Vanessa Hudgens, Lizzo and Ariana Grande were either unavailable or said no following her offer
Big names who appeared in her move included: Jane Fonda (Sagittarious), Trevor Noah (Libra), Kim Petras (Virgo), Post Malone (Leo), Keke Palmer (Scorpio), Sofia Vergara (Cancer), Jenifer Lewis (Gemini), Jay Shetty (Aries), Neil deGrasse Tyson (Taurus) and Sadhguru (Pisces).
Jennifer's beloved husband Ben Affleck played Rex Stone/ Biker, while her long-time friend Fat Joe played her therapist in the movie. 
The new documentary charts the singer during the making of her latest album This Is Me... Now as well as her twenty-year journey to 'self-love'. 
The newly released film This Is Me... Now received a high rating on Rotten Tomatoes, as well as a positive fan reaction.
The 54-year-old star's self-financed project was given 81% on the tomatometer and a 91% fan reaction upon its release.
The undertaking, which cost $16M to bring to life, was inspired by Jennifer's rekindled romance with husband Ben.
The movie is part of a three-way project about her famous search for love and how she ultimately found it with her husband.
Another part of the endeavor includes an album of the same name, which is a follow-up to her 2003 album This Is Me… Then, also a tribute to Affleck.
Jennifer, whose documentary shares a behind-the-scenes insight into creating the film, also wanted Jason Momoa and Jennifer Coolidge to star in her movie
Jennifer shelled out a staggering £16million ($20million) to fund This Is Me…Now: A Love Story, a semi autobiographical 'musical rom-com action sci-fi' documenting her love 
The movie is part of a three-way project about her famous search for love and how she ultimately found it with her husband Ben 
The couple's love story started in 2002 when they dated while filming the movie Jersey Girl. They became engaged the following year but broke up in 2004 (pictured in 2003) 
Meanwhile during the documentary, Jennifer and Ben detailed the highs and lows of their rekindled romance, with Ben revealing he initially asked his wife to keep their relationship offline when they decided to give things another ago 
The pair ended their engagement a year after the release of This Is Me... Then, but got back together almost two decades later and married in 2022. 
The couple's love story started in 2002 when they dated while filming the movie Jersey Girl. They became engaged the following year but broke up in 2004. 
Meanwhile during the documentary, Jennifer and Ben detailed the highs and lows of their rekindled romance, with Ben revealing he initially asked his wife to keep their relationship offline when they decided to give things another ago. 
While navigating their reconciliation, two decades following their first engagement, the two-time Oscar winner, 51, admitted he had zero interest in becoming a fixture on his wife's social media accounts.
'Getting back together, I said, 'Listen, one of the things I don't want is a relationship on social media,' the actor recalled. 
'Then I sort of realized it's not a fair thing to ask. It's sort of like, you're gonna marry a boat captain and you go, "Well, I don't like the water."'
He continued: 'We're just two people with different kinds of approaches trying to learn to compromise.' 
Ultimately, Jennifer respected his wishes, and has only posted a small handful of snaps featuring him, including a raunchy shirtless photo last Father's Day and a sweet video of them singing Sam Cooke's (What A) Wonderful World in the car on his birthday.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group