by 
	Alice Kelly

The countdown for the 2025 Met Gala has officially started, and we can’t wait to see all our favorite stars strut their stuff up the Met steps.
But before we get ahead of ourselves with the celeb looks, let’s backtrack a bit. The 2025 Met Gala, which has the theme “Superfine: Tailoring Black Style,”  will be co-hosted by Oscar nominee Colman Domingo, F1 driver Lewis Hamilton, rapper A$AP Rocky and Creative Director of Louis Vuitton Men’s Pharrell Williams. NBA legend Lebron James will be the night’s honorary chair. What an impressive lineup, right?
Now, the fivesome will officially join a long list of stars who have been hand-selected to be the face of past Met Galas. Ahead of the night, the co-chairs will play a role in publicizing the event and, on the night, welcome all the glamorous guests.
The theme of the 2025 Met Gala will draw inspiration from Monica L. Miller’s 2009 book Slaves to Fashion: Black Dandyism and the Styling of Black Diasporic Identity. Per Vogue, the exhibit will feature garments, paintings and photographs that will explore the style of Black men from the 18th century through the present day. The dress code will be “Tailored for You.”
Here are all of the celebrity co-chairs of the Met Gala from 2005 to 2025.
Colman Domingo, Lewis Hamilton, A$AP Rocky, and Pharrell Williams will be co-chairing the 2025 Met Gala alongside Anna Wintour and honorary chair LeBron James, per Vogue.
The 2025 Met Gala will be themed “Superfine: Tailoring Black Style.” Met Gala attendees wil be following the dress code, “Tailored for You.”
The 2024 co-chairs were quite a varied group. Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny, Zendaya and Chris Hemsworth all joined Anna Wintour is hosting the occasion.
In 2023, Wintour was joined by actress Michaela Coel, singer Dua Lipa, Tennis superstar Roger Federer and actress Penélope Cruz.
The theme for the evening was “Karl Lagerfeld: A Line of Beauty” and honored the late Chanel creative director.
Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds made it a date night while joining Wintour and Hamilton creator Lin-Manuel Miranda. The 2022 theme was “In America: An Anthology of Fashion.”
Designer Tom Ford and Instagram head Adam Mosseri were honorary co-chairs.
Regina King was initially named as a co-chair but didn’t attend the evening. The actress’s son died earlier that year, leading fans to send their love after she skipped the fashion event.
The Met Gala returned after a 2020 hiatus with Mosseri, Ford and Wintour serving as honorary chairs in 2021. Singer Billie Eilish, poet Amanda Gorman, actor Timothée Chalamet, and tennis star Naomi Osaka were on co-chair duties.
The theme for the evening was “In America: A Lexicon Of Fashion.”
Wintour co-chaired in 2019 for the iconic “Camp: Notes on Fashion” theme. She was joined by co-hosts Harry Styles, Serena Williams, Gucci designer Alessandro Michele and Lady Gaga.
Donatella Versace, Rihanna and Amal Clooney joined Anna Wintour to greet guests dress on theme for “Heavenly Bodies: Fashion & The Catholic Imagination” in 2018.
Billionaires Stephen Schwarzman and Christine Schwarzman served as honorary co-chairs.
2017 was a celebration of Japenese designer Rei Kawakubo and her work at Comme des Garçons titled “Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons: Art of the In-Between.”
Power couple Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen co-chaired alongside Katy Perry and Pharrell, and Wintour, of course.  
Apple Chief Development Officer Jonathan Ives was fittingly named a co-chair for the 2016 event which was sponsored by Apple and themed “Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology.”
But, of course, Wintour also implored the help of celebrity co-chairs Idris Elba and Taylor Swift.
Chinese actress Gong Li joined Jennifer Lawrence as a celebrity co-chair in 2015, when the theme was “China: Through the Looking Glass.”
The two stars were also joined by Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and entrepreneur Wendi Murdoch as well as Anna Wintour. Businessman Silas Chou acted as honorary chair. 
In 2014, “Charles James: Beyond Fashion” was the theme for the night and Met Gala veteran Sarah Jessica Parker joined Bradley Cooper and fellow co-chairs, Oscar de la Renta, and Lizzie and Jonathan Tisch to host the event.
Actress Rooney Mara, entrepreneur Lauren Santo Domingo and designer Riccardo Tisci co-chaired in 2013 when the theme was “Punk: Chaos to Couture.”
Beyoncé attended as an honorary co-chair.
“Schiaparelli and Prada: Impossible Conversations” was the theme of 2012’s Met Gala, which was co-chaired by actress Carey Mulligan, designer Miuccia Prada and Wintour.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos served as honorary co-chair.
2011 co-chairs Stella McCartney and Colin Firth got some A-list support from honorary co-chairs Salma Hayek and her billionaire husband Francois-Henri Pinault.
The theme for the evening was “Alexander McQueen: Savage Beauty.”
Gap fashion designer Patrick Robinson was a logical choice as co-chair when his brand was sponsoring the 2010 event, which was themed “American Woman: Fashioning a New Identity.” Wintour also invited Oprah Winfrey to co-chair.
Alongside Wintour and Justin Timberlake, supermodel extraordinaire Kate Moss co-chaired the 2009 event when “The Model as Muse: Embodying Fashion” was the theme.
Designer Marc Jacobs, who designed Moss’s dress, was the evening’s honorary co-chair.
A-list besties Julia Roberts and George Clooney co-chaired the 2008 “Superheroes: Fashion and Fantasy” themed event with designer Giorgio Armani as co-chair.
Cate Blanchett co-chaired with Louis Vuitton creative director Nicolas Ghesquière during 2007’s theme, “Poiret: King of Fashion.”
To celebrate the theme “AngloMania: Tradition and Transgression in British Fashion,” Wintour enlisted the help of actress Sienna Miller and former Burberry creative director Christopher Bailey.
Rose Marie Bravo and Peregrine Cavendish, Duke of Devonshire acted as honorary co-chairs.
Nicole Kidman co-chaired for the second time in 2005 with Chanel creative director Karl Lagerfeld and Anna Wintour. The theme was “The House of Chanel.”
She had previously hosted in 2003 with designer Tom Ford.
Kidman was the first actress to hold the position of co-chair; fashion designers were the only ones selected in the years since the Met Gala began. 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.