MIAMI -Los Tigres del Norte, Lele Pons and Anitta share a very specific characteristic that goes beyond music and the fact that all of them are Latinos. They selflessly contribute to creating a better world, according to Univision.
This is why they will be recognized with the prestigious "Agent of Change" recognition at Premios Juventud, which will take place on July 25 at the Coliseo de Puerto Rico José Miguel Agrelot.
Previous recipients of this special recognition include Ricky Martin, Shakira, Becky G, Camila Cabello, J Balvin, Daddy Yankee, JuanPa Zurita, Pitbull, and Maluma.
The news was revealed this week, as Premios Juventud gears up for this year edition. Besides being recognized as an agent of change, Pons is one of the hosts of the show, together with Clarissa Molina and Wisin.
A post shared by instagram
The show will be broadcast by Televisa Univision, starting with a special hour from the red carpet titled Noche de Estrellas of Premios Juventud, as the prelude to the gala. It will be hosted by actor and activist Arap Bethke, influential content creator and Mexican singer Domelipa, beloved Despierta América host Jessica Rodríguez making her debut on the show, fashion expert Jomari Goyso, and El Gordo y la Flaca correspondent Roberto Hernández. Noche de Estrellas will air live on Univision and be available to stream on ViX on July 25 at 7p/6c.
A post shared by instagram
Anitta, renowned in the realms of Brazilian pop and funk, not only captivates with her energy and empowering lyrics but also stands out as an advocate for the environment, actively promoting sustainable practices. Committed to social justice, she embraces her Brazilian heritage and advocates for racial equality, as well as LGBTQ+ inclusion and respect. Her influence inspires youth to embrace their identity and pursue their dreams, making her a true Agent of Change.
Lele Pons has shown a consistent commitment to raising awareness about mental health, based on her own experiences with Tourette syndrome, depression, and obsessive-compulsive disorder. By breaking barriers and openly sharing her struggles, she has inspired thousands to seek support and accept their vulnerabilities. Her activism against bullying through social media platforms encourages victims to speak out. Her inspiring story offers hope to those facing personal challenges and aiming to make a positive impact in the world.
Los Tigres del Norte, originally from Sinaloa, Mexico, have transcended music to become cultural icons and powerful voices in the fight for social justice, particularly in advocating for immigrant rights. Using their platform, they have amplified marginalized voices and advocated for fair immigration policies. Through their foundation, they work tirelessly to preserve and promote Mexican and Mexican American folklore, ensuring that the rich cultural heritage of their communities endures for future generations. Their music and activism position them as authentic Agents of Change in our community.
Carin León, Maluma, and Peso Pluma, lead the nominations for 2024 Premios Juventud, with seven nominations each. The list of nominees also includes Colombians Karol G and Shakira with six each, while Becky G and Grupo Frontera have five each.
A post shared by instagram
Bad Bunny, Bizarrap, Farruko, Feid, Fuerza Regida, Manuel Turizo and Ozuna, on their end, are each competing for four awards. The audience can vote for their favorite artists at PremiosJuventud.com from Tuesday until Monday, July 8.
© 2025 Latin Times. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.