Share
Netflix paved the way for countless other entertainment streaming services to follow.
LOS ANGELES - Nearly 30 years later, Happy Gilmore is making a return to the green – and fans got a first look at the new sequel coming to Netflix. 
The streaming platform on Christmas Day shared a teaser trailer for "Happy Gilmore 2," which shows Adam Sandler reprising his role as the titular hockey player turned pro-golfer. 
The trailer also shows scenes featuring original stars Julie Bowen and Christopher McDonald. It also shows some new faces, including Kansas City Chiefs star Travis Kelce with the line, "It’s great to see you back, Mr. Gilmore."
Another brand-new co-star for the sequel is Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio, also known as Puerto Rican singer and songwriter Bad Bunny. 
"Happy Gilmore," which was released on Feb. 16, 1996, follows Happy Gilmore – a wannabe hockey player who finds a newfound talent for golf and competes in a golfing tournament to save his grandmother's house. 
It was the second feature Sandler wrote and starred in following "Billy Madison" in 1995. 
In the sequel, Happy is seen facing down Shooter McGavin, played by McDonald, who was a star golfer and his enemy in the original film. 
Christopher McDonald and Adam Sandler are pictured reprising their roles from the original for "Happy Gilmore 2." (Credit: Scott Yamano via Netflix) 
Other actors appearing in "Happy Gilmore 2" include Conor Sherry, Ethan Cutowsky, Maxwell Jacob Friedman, and Phillip Fine Schneider.
"It’s currently unclear how the film will resurrect Gilmore’s golf career, but one thing’s for sure: In the real world, at least, Happy Gilmore is a legend. Even the world’s best golfers agree." Netflix wrote in a press release announcing the release of the trailer. 
Netflix did not provide a release date beyond 2025 or "coming soon," so fans will have to stay tuned. 
The Source: This story was written based on information published by Netflix on Dec. 25, 2024, regarding "Happy Gilmore 2." It was reported from Cincinnati.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations