Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
“Saturday Night Live” has once again explored the oddities of the English language through the eyes of George Washington.
Comedian Nate Bargatze returned as host for the late night sketch comedy show for the second time on Oct. 5 alongside musical guest Coldplay. 
During the second episode of the show’s landmark Season 50, Bargatze reprised his role as George Washington for “Washington’s Dream 2,” a follow up to a popular sketch from his first hosting gig last year.
This time around, Bargatze led his soldiers across the Delaware River in 1776. Amid the journey, he shared his fears, as well as his hopes and dreams, with the troops so they could take control of their destiny. In his speech, he also advocated for ability to “do our own thing with the English language.”
Bargatze’s dreams for the English language included the freedom to “spell some words two different ways,” including the name Jeff by spelling it “the short way with a J and the stupid way with a G.”
While Bargatze said they were fighting to “extend these liberties to all Americans,” Kenan Thompson interjected to ask if he was also including men of color, but Bargatze ignored the question and continued with his explanation.
The comedian proceeded by calling out some of the intricacies of the language, including having “two names for animals — one when they are alive and a different one when they become food,” such as cows being beef and pigs being pork while “chickens are chicken.”
“And we will create our own foods and name them what we want, like the hamburger,” Bargatze said, to which Mikey Day asked, “Made of ham, sir?”
He chuckled at Day before adding, “If it only were that simple.”
“A hamburger is made of beef, just as the buffalo wing is made of chicken,” Bargatze said. “But fear not, men, a hot dog will not be made of dogs.”
But when he was asked by Bowen Yang what hot dogs were made of, Bargatze simply replied, “Nobody knows.” 
When he was pressed further by James Austin Johnson about what was in the contents of a hot dog, Bargatze ordered him to get off of the boat and into the water below because “a real American would never want to know what’s in a hot dog.”
Bargatze proceeded to explain the future of the language, including a dollar bill with his face on the front and “crazy stuff” on the back including “squiggles, Latin words, a pyramid with a floating eye on top.” 
He also shared the concept of new holidays including the Fourth of July, Flag Day, and Presidents’ Day, which would be celebrated annually with a time old tradition: buying a new mattress.
The sketch served as a follow up to Season 49’s “Washington’s Dream” from Bargartze’s hosting debut in October 2023, where Bargatze inspired his troops with the American dream of being able to choose “our own systems of weights and measures.”
It earned a spot in the top 5 most-watched live sketches from the entire season alongside the viral “Beavis and Butt-Head” sketch featuring Ryan Gosling and “Protective Mom 2” with Bad Bunny and Pedro Pascal.
Francesca Gariano is a New York City-based freelance journalist reporting on culture, entertainment, beauty, lifestyle and wellness. She is a freelance contributor to TODAY.com, where she covers pop culture and breaking news.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.