If you are watching the New York Mets, you are likely going to see a sign in their locker room that reads "OMG" and you may not know why.
First and foremost: The Mets are a team that uniquely experiences significant humor, whimsy, and joy. Nowhere is that more apparent than when they use a sign that reads "OMG" as part of a celebration. But what does it all mean and where it come from?
The story is quirky and silly and surprising and also makes all of the sense in the word for a team like the Mets.
Walk with us and let's take you back earlier this season in New York. It was May 31 and the Mets were 24-33 (.438) and at a very low point in the MLB season for the organization. It looked like a rebuilding year.
Iglesias, a 34-year-old infielder who signed a minor league deal with the Mets, was called up to join the majors and made his debut with the team. While it did not seem like a big deal at the time, it was a turning point for the franchise.
They started winning and heading from spring into summer, the vibes were getting better for the team. Iglesias was playing well but as it turned out, he was also working behind the scenes on his side career as a musician.
Now it was June 28 and the Mets were suddenly one of the hottest teams in baseball.
Iglesias, who was still playing well, was also getting closer to releasing a song under his moniker Candelita. As it turned out, Iglesias also moonlights as a musician star because of course the Mets had a minor league who is also a Latin Pop star.
JOSÉ IGLESIAS: Mets teammates joined infielder for performance of 'OMG' at Citi Field after another win
The infielder performed his latest single "OMG" at Citi Field as all of his teammates joined him for the amazing moment. It was a sight to behold.
The Mets are 49-33 (.588) since that spectacular performance in June.
Meanwhile, the song has over 4 million YouTube views and debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard charts for Latin Digital Song Sales.
Iglesias also performed the song at MLB All-Star Weekend during the Home Run Derby in Texas.
The "OMG" sign was created by an artist named Jerome McCroy, who goes by Jaymaccustoms.
It was based on a shirt that Alex Cohen, wife of Mets owner Steve Cohen, posted on her Instagram. McCroy gave the sign to Alex, who passed it along to someone who could put it in the locker room.
The Mets use it to celebrate in the dugout whenever they hit a home run. The celebration is often led by Mets pitcher Luis Severino, who has become one of the more reliable arms in the rotation for New York.
Iglesias is playing fantastic baseball as well and is currently enjoying a 20-game hit streak at the time of this publication. He is planning to soon release a remix, perhaps even featuring music icon Bad Bunny.
Did Devin Williams leak the Yankees facial hair policy change with 1 photo?
The Yankees finally changed their facial hair policy and decided to join the modern era
5 MLB broadcast partner options after ESPN break-up (Hint: a lot of streamers)
15 big name MLB free agents still available as spring training opens (including Anthony Rizzo!)
What is ABS? How MLB's ball-strike challenge system will work in spring training