By ALANAH KHOSLA FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  15:25, 8 May 2024   |  Updated:  16:53, 8 May 2024   
 7
View  comments
Ikea has taken on high fashion with a playful recreation of Doja Cat's Met Gala white towel dress.
She's known to push boundaries in fashion, and the Paint the Town Red singer, 28, continued to turn heads on Monday evening when she stepped out of the Mark Hotel in New York sporting a towel mini dress before heading to the Met for the main event. 
Designed by the luxury Swiss fashion house Vetements, the ensemble was one of the singer's many avant-garde looks crafted for this year's Met Gala.
But fashionistas longing to recreate the look need not go high-end, thanks to Ikea's £13 FREDRIKSJÖN bath towel.
In a nod to the singer, IKEA crafted an oversized label on the towel dedicated to the popstar, with a cat icon alongside the washing instructions.
On Monday, Doja Cat stepped out of the Mark Hotel in New York wearing a towel dress (pictured). Now, Ikea have unveiled their Doja inspired £13 towel for those longing for the singer's bold look
Before strutting her stuff on the Met Gala red carpet, Doja stepped out with what looked like a white towels wrapped around her body and head.
The statement piece was Doja's attempt at channelling this year's Met Gala theme - Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion.
The high-end look from Vetements will undoubtedly come with a hefty price tag, but thanks to Ikea, those looking to recreate the look can do so for £13.
The £13 FREDRIKSJÖN bath towel comes with a label in typical Ikea style except for the tag now reading 'Doja'.
In an amusing attempt to recreate the look, a model took to one of Ikea's locations dressed in the bath towel.
Posing with a plate of the brand's celebrated meatballs, the towel-clad model also donned a towel headpiece, directly mimicking Doja's ensemble.
Throughout the Met Gala, Doja sported three just-got-out-of-the shower inspired looks on her way and at the star-studded Met Gala. The last of which was an oversized wet T-Shirt, showcasing her body.
In a playful campaign, the Swedish furniture brand recreated the Paint the Town Red singer's daring Met Gala look 
While enjoying a plate of the brand's favoured meatballs, the model showcased the £13 towel - complete with a Doja label 
She was joined on the red carpet with the creative director of Vetements and brother of Balenciaga creative director Demna Gvasalia who is known for disrupting the fashion world.
Keeping up with the shower look, Doja donned a different ensemble while leaving her hotel earlier in the evening, sporting a clear poncho - which resembled a shower curtain and/or bouffant cap - over a nude catsuit. 
No doubt many believed that would actually be her Met look but she changed it up in time for the star-studded affair.
The Costume Institute's spring exhibition falls on the first Monday in May every year and is held at New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth were this year's co-chairs. Also on the committee is Vogue's Anna Wintour.
Doja Cat stepped out in a towel-inspired dress from Swiss fashion house Vetements - a look similar to Ikea's £13 towel 
In a nod to the singer, the £13 FREDRIKSJÖN towel comes complete with a cat logo on the oversized label 
The honorary chairs for the evening were Loewe creative director Jonathan Anderson and TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew.
'This year's co-chairs reflect a variety of career achievements, and all have distinct style histories with the Met Gala,' Vogue shared.
The showcase features approximately 250 items drawn from The Costume Institute's permanent collection — with many of the pieces too fragile to ever be worn again.
The pieces will all be displayed using elements such as AI, GCI, and more while playing up themes of land, sea and sky. 
'It is very much an ode to nature and the emotional poetics of fashion,' said Andrew Bolton, Wendy Yu Curator in Charge of The Costume Institute, of the upcoming exhibition.  
'One thing I hope this show will activate is that sensorial appreciation of fashion.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group