Plus, check out Billboard's New Music Latin weekly playlist below!

New Music Latin is a compilation of the best new Latin songs and albums recommended by Billboard Latin and Billboard Español editors. Check out this week’s picks below.




	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Camilo		
					






















	
		
					Gabito Ballesteros		
					






















	
		
					Rauw Alejandro		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

Camilo, cuatro (Sony Music Latin/Hecho A Mano)

	Camilo’s new album, cuatro, is the culmination and the summation of four EPs — un, dos, tres and now cuatro — released individually in the past several months, and now together in this last, grand finale. While the concept may appear to be a marketing ploy, it wasn’t conceived that way. The songs came to be simply as songs — inspired by Camilo’s professed love for his wife and muse, Evaluna, and also for his love of the diverse tropical rhythms that were soundtrack of his childhood. (So much so that, “Una Vida Pasada,” his collab with Mexican star Carin León, is a salsa.) 

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	But cuatro’s biggest triumph lies in its storytelling. Each song is a tale, of love lost and won, narrated in Camilo’s efficient but poignant and compelling prose. Standouts include “Gordo” and “Una Canción de Amor Para La Pulga” (La Pulga is Evaluna) — and be prepared for a surprise in “Sálvame,” a salsa cover of the RBD hit performed with Cuban timba master Alexander Abréu and his band, Havana D’Primera. — LEILA COBO


			Trending on Billboard		






Trueno, El Último Baile (Sony Music Latin/Sur Capital Records)

	For his third studio album, El Último Baile, Trueno thoroughly showcases the generational and cultural impact of hip-hop music. “I keep it real, esto es lo que representó […] por acá no hablamos sin tener conocimiento” (I keep it real, this is what I represent […] we don’t speak without knowledge here), he freestyles in the nearly 45-second intro, further proving that he lives and breathes the movement. 

	Home to 13 tracks (with no collaborations), Trueno digs deep into the now-half-century-old genre. The previously released singles “Tranky Funky” and “Ohh Baby,” for example, are backed by potent piano, bass, and drum beats, bringing to life a psychedelic funk-rap fusion à la De La Soul and A Tribe Called Quest. A lot of old-school and nostalgic rap blankets the album, but so does groovy R&B — as heard in “Real Gangsta Love,” about falling in love with a girl from the hood; dancehall and Afrobeats, as heard in “Como Antes”; sensual-yet-futuristic trap in “Night,” a song about feeling lost after a breakup; and hard-edged electronic beats, as heard in “Cuando el Bajo Suena” and “La Nota.”

	










	“With the album, I try to expand a different concept through each track with a musical genre that has been part of hip-hop culture,” the Argentine artist expresses in a press release. “It’s a journey through certain eras, certain decades of hip hop and the genres that emerged from it – that is where the concept was born. I want to offer a little celebration for the people during a time that was perhaps socially and economically critical. Like many of us in Latin America.” — JESSICA ROIZ

Gabito Ballesteros, THE GB (Los CT Records)

	Even before dropping an entire project, Mexican singer-songwriter Gabito Ballesteros had already cemented himself as a música mexicana hitmaker with songs like “Lady Gaga,” which he co-wrote, and “AMG.” Now, with THE GB — his first studio album following his breakout 2023 — Ballesteros doubles down on his commitment to keep regional Mexican music’s momentum going. With the swagger that has characterized his music, he kicks off the 22-song set with “Sad Loqueron,” powered by prickly guitars and a wailing trombone. 

	Ballesteros starts off mellow, with a moody song about heartbreak — which is very much his essence — but he also taps into the faster-paced corridos tumbados that have catapulted himself (and other acts like Natanael Cano and Peso Pluma) to the top of the charts. Both Cano and Peso, two of Ballesteros’ biggest supporters, are, of course, featured artists in the set. The three megastars first team up on the flashy “Lucky Charms,” the second song on the set, which finds Peso, Cano and Ballesteros singing about a lush lifestyle that includes Lambos and Bentleys. 

	










	While it’s clear that Ballesteros can do corridos tumbados well, he also shows off his ability to cover classic songs — like Son by Four’s “A Puro Dolor” and Julieta Venegas’ “Me Voy” — and make them his own, in a nod to the music that has influenced his musical palette. Other star collabs include Chino Pacas (“Bichi”), Blessd (“Balenciaga Rose”) and Fuerza Regida (“Sonrisa Colgate”). —  GRISELDA FLORES

Kinky, “un x100to” (OCESA Seitrack)

	For over two decades, Kinky has redefined the traditional rock band paradigm with their innovative blend of electronic music and norteño flair. As masters of this unique musical fusion, the Monterrey ensemble recently put their own spin on five beloved regional Mexican songs, including Ed Maverick’s “Fuentes de Ortiz,” Rocío Dúrcal and Juan Gabriel’s “Déjame Vivir” (featuring Majo Aguilar) and Grupo Soñador’s “El Paso del Gigante,” singles that the outfit released earlier this year. 

	Today, they unveil the final two shots in the barrel with 5 Disparos EP — which includes dynamic reinterpretations of “Nunca Es Suficiente,” by Los Ángeles Azules featuring Natalia Lafourcade, and Bad Bunny & Grupo Frontera’s “un x100to.” The latter transforms from familiar guitar strums and a cumbia rhythm into a brilliant uptempo dance-pop anthem that glitters at night. Few artists can reimagine and elevate a phenomenal song while preserving its original spirit as deftly as Kinky does. — ISABELA RAYGOZA

Rauw Alejandro, “Touching the Sky” (Sony Music Latin)

	In his first solo release of 2024 (after dropping a few collabs), Rauw Alejandro presents a synth-pop banger infused with disco, which marks “a new chapter in his musical career,” according to a press release. Written by Rauw, “Touching the Sky” has everything to become a summer anthem — from feel-good lyrics about the thrill of finding new love and enjoying the moment, such as ​​“I throw myself in a parachute for you/ My heart was gray before, now it’s red… I feel like I’m touching the sky,” to the perfect rhythm for the dance floor, driven by electronic beats and the penetrating voice of the Puerto Rican star. The song comes with a cinematic music video, directed by Martin Seipel, which shows Rauw and a group of dancers taking the streets of New York City. — SIGAL RATNER-ARIAS











Alex Anwandter, Dime Precioso (5AM)

	Following his Latin Grammy-nominated El Diablo en el Cuerpo (2023), Alex Anwandter strikes back with Dime Precioso, his sixth studio album — a vibrant synth-pop opus of nine tracks crafted for the dancefloor. More experimental than ever, the album launches with a seductive, hip-thrusting beat cloaked in glimmering effects, setting the stage where Anwandter plays the part of a wayward lost boy. Elsewhere, “Tu Nueva Obsesión” captivates with funky bass lines that dance with iridescent keys, and the spotlight track “Paris, Tal Vez?,” enchants with ethereal musings on the romantic mystique of Parisian nights. 

	“The title ‘Dime Precioso’ refers to wanting to feel constantly desired in a chaotic and hopeless world,” the Chilean star said in a press release. “And how absurd — funny sometimes but mostly tragic — it is to surrender to this obsession while horrific things are happening right now.” Claiming influences ranging from Burt Bacharach to ‘90s house music, Gil Evans, Brazilian MPB, and Latin American pop, the singer-songwriter and producer continues to stand out as one of today’s most groundbreaking indie artists. — I.R.

Alejandro Fernández & Anitta, “La Tóxica” (UMG Recordings)

	Alejandro Fernandez, known for his iconic ranchera style, has ventured into a unique collaboration: His new album, Te Llevo En La Sangre, not only features the finest of the ranchera tradition, but also includes the Anitta collab “La Tóxica” as its focus track. This marks the Brazilian star’s first incursion into the regional Mexican genre, adding a fresh twist to the album. The norteño soon-to-be anthem celebrates the freedom of being single and the healing process away from toxicity, while the duo playfully unite their voices on the chorus: “I have already freed myself from another, toxic, romantic, intense and insecure,” they sing. — INGRID FAJARDO











	Listen to the New Music Latin playlist below: 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.