Manage your account
As of Monday, music lovers were still waiting for the highly-anticipated drop of Spotify Wrapped 2024.
From Beyoncé's "Cowboy Carter" to Charli XCX's "Brat" to Taylor Swift's "Fortnight," 2024 has proven to be an exciting year for music and Spotify is ready to celebrate it.
Spotify Wrapped is almost here! Soon, you'll be able to share your most-listened-to songs of 2024 on social media. Last week, the music platform even teased to the release, letting listeners know the recap was on its way.
"Wrapped is almost here," the company said in a news release posted Nov. 27. "And one of the keys to getting the best Wrapped experience is making sure your Spotify app is up-to-date."
Users will be alerted when their Spotify Wrapped is ready by another pop-up upon opening the Spotify app, as long as no updates are pending. Spotify is also likely to post about the release date on its social media.
People are also reading: Texas country music icon George Strait receives CMA Lifetime Achievement Award
This year's Spotify Wrapped should drop any day now. The event hasn't come this late in the year since 2019, when it dropped on Dec. 5. Previous release dates have fallen into the middle of the week, so we're hopeful that it'll come in the next few days, if not hours.
While the service has yet to announce a date, previous release dates for Spotify Wrapped are as follows:
2023: Thursday, Nov. 30
2022: Wednesday, Nov. 30
2021: Wednesday, Dec. 1
2020: Tuesday, Dec. 1
2019: Thursday, Dec. 5
2018: Thursday, Dec. 6
Because Spotify Wrapped is released ahead of Dec. 31, users may wonder when tracking of their listening habits concludes. Some seem to believe Spotify only tracks data between Jan. 1 and Oct. 31.
However, Spotify itself took to social media to dispel these rumors and reassure users that tracking would continue into November. On the last day of October, the audio streamer posted a Halloween-themed graphic of a jack-o'-lantern filled with candy and a message reading: "Spotify Wrapped doesn't stop counting on October 31st."
Aside from this reassurance, it remains unclear when Spotify does stop tracking listener data. All we know is that it's sometime between Nov. 1 and whenever Wrapped drops.
Spotify Wrapped is a year-end roundup of the songs, artists, genres, and subgenres you’ve streamed the most. Spotify has been doing personalized year in reviews for users since 2015, originally called "Year In Review."
Typically, Spotify Wrapped displays a user's top songs, artists and genres. Users are encouraged to share their Spotify Wrapped on social media. The streaming platform also creates a playlist with a user's 100 most streamed songs and shares fun facts like whether they're in the top 1% of Taylor Swift's listeners or what their music aura looks like.
User data is collected from Jan. 1 through the fall of that same year to produce a user's Spotify Wrapped.
The campaign also shares quirky data-driven facts about their listening habits, including what color their music aura is, what region their taste is similar to, and whether they're in the top 1% of Bad Bunny listeners.
Spotify will create a presentation for each user that shows their own personal listening trends. How many times did they listen to Sabrina Carpenter's album "Short n' Sweet?" Or did they have Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande's rendition of "Defying Gravity" from the "Wicked" movie on repeat?
If you listened to Laufey for 30,000 minutes, your Spotify Wrapped will tell you and maybe ask if you're ok (just kidding, no one who listens to that much Laufey is ok.)
So, this one unique feature people go gaga over every year lets them know everything they need to know about their 2024 music preferences, including if they're one of Lady Gaga's top 0.05% of listeners.
Spotify offers four types of Premium accounts, including a special offer for an Individual Premium account that expires at the end of the year. Additional terms and conditions may apply.
Individual: $0 for 3 months, $11.99/month after
1 Premium account
Cancel anytime
15 hours/month of listening time from audiobooks subscriber catalog
Student: $0 for 1 month, $5.99/month after
1 verified Premium account
Discount for eligible students
Access to Hulu
Cancel anytime
Duo: $16.99/month
2 Premium accounts
Cancel anytime
15 hours/month of listening time from audiobooks subscriber catalog (plan manager only)
Family: $19.99/month
Up to 6 Premium or Kids accounts
Control content marked as explicit
Access to Spotify Kids
Cancel anytime
15 hours/month of listening time from audiobooks subscriber catalog (plan manager only)
People are also reading: Kendrick Lamar's new album 'GNX' is out, will likely perform new music at Super Bowl LIX
When released, the "Spotify Wrapped" package should appear on the front page of the platform's iOS and Android apps. Users can expect to see an invitation to view their Wrapped report upon opening the app.
To check if the app is updated, iPhone users should visit the App Store, and Android users should open the Google Play Store and then search for Spotify.
If you don't have the latest version (Version 8.9.94), there will be an option to update the app in the store. Hit that update button, and you will be set.
If your app is already up-to-date, you will only be given the option to open it. Nothing further is required, and all you have to do is listen to your music and wait for Wrapped to be released.
Users who do not have the most current version of the app may miss out on a "fully optimized Wrapped experience," Spotify said in their press release.
"If your phone isn’t set to update the app automatically and you haven’t manually updated it in a while, you may be missing out on some pretty great features," according to the music-sharing company.
Without updating your app, you also may not be able to integrate social media apps, like TikTok or Instagram, with your listening experience.
In 2019, Apple jumped on the Wrapped bandwagon and released its own feature called Apple Music Replay. Functioning similarly to Spotify Wrapped, Apple Music Replay has begun releasing monthly Replay experiences, highlighting a user's listening habits at the end of each month.
A release date for 2024 Apple Music Replay has not been announced. But the platform has already posted its 2024 Artist of the Year, giving the title to singer Billie Eilish.
Apple Music users can access their Replay by locating the Listen Now tab in the app, scrolling to the Replay section, tapping the Replay ’24 playlist, and then selecting the plus button in the top right.
After that, Apple Music users can check out their Replay '24 throughout the year in the Playlists section of their library.
Since its official launch in December 2016, the app's users have eagerly awaited its annual drop. While the majority seem to enjoy sharing their results, many also joke that their Spotify Wrapped may be "embarrassing." Music taste is highly subjective, and some may fear online judgment if their listening habits don't align with the music they are expected to listen to, whether it pertains to a specific artist or a genre as a whole.
Spotify users have begun to speculate about their versions of Spotify Wrapped and what they might reveal about their personalities and interests.
Spotify will resume tracking listener data for next year's Spotify Wrapped in January.
Spotify users can find their previous Spotify Wrapped playlists, showing their 100 most streamed songs of the year, through the platform's search engine.
However, the Wrapped presentation sharing annual statistics is only available to users for around a month.
— USA TODAY contributed to this report.
This article originally appeared on Austin American-Statesman: Spotify Wrapped 2024: See past release dates, how to update app