Share
Members of the nation's Puerto Rican community are expressing outrage over a comedian's remarks during a Trump campaign rally in New York on Sunday. The comedian made controversial jokes about Puerto Rico and minorities during his appearance.
ATLANTA - A comic who called Puerto Rico garbage before a packed Donald Trump rally in New York could have a major impact on the presidential election in Georgia. Puerto Ricans cannot vote in general elections despite being U.S. citizens, but they can exert a powerful influence by persuading relatives on the mainland.
Comedian Tony Hinchcliffe and the Trump campaign continue to face backlash for his racist jokes about Puerto Rico and minorities during the Madison Square Garden event.
Members of Georgia's Puerto Rican and Latino communities expressed their outrage at a news conference in Norcross on Tuesday.
"Words matter, especially if somebody is going to be the leader of this nation," said community leader Grace Williams.
WATCH: Trump rally at Madison Square Garden
The Trump campaign has tried to distance itself from the comedian, saying Hinchcliffe's joke about Puerto Rico does not reflect the views of President Trump or the campaign.
Just a week before Election Day, speakers said the vulgar remarks could hurt Trump in key battleground states.
"One-hundred thousand Puerto Ricans live in the metro area, and we vote," said Williams.
Democratic Vice President Kamala Harris is competing with Trump to win over Puerto Rican communities in swing states. Shortly after, stand-up comic Tony Hinchcliffe said, "I don’t know if you guys know this, but there’s literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. I think it’s called Puerto Rico," multiple Puerto Rican celebrities, including reggaeton superstar Bad Bunny, announced they were backing Harris.
Hinchcliffe’s set also included lewd and racist comments about Latinos, Jews and Black people, all of whom are key constituencies in the election.
The Associated Press contributed to this FOX 5 Atlanta original report.
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations