Manage your account
PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — Spring is approaching, along with concerts that some ticket-buyers have been looking forward to for months.
Here are your top concert picks for March.
 Popular burger chain In-N-Out to open a location in Ridgefield 
When: Sunday, March 3 at 7:30 p.m.Where: Roseland Theater, 8 NW 6th Ave, Portland, OR 97209
Former leader of Grace Potter and the Nocturnals, Grace Potter is promoting her “Mother Road” record on a tour of the same name. The Grammy-nominated musician will sing tracks from the band’s discography and from her own, including the song “Want Something That I Want,” which had a recent resurgence on TikTok.
When: Thursday, March 7 at 8 p.m.Where: Moda Center, 1 N Center Ct St, Portland, OR 97227
Record-breaking artist Bad Bunny will perform songs from last year’s “Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana.” The Puerto Rican rapper’s 2022 work, “Un Verano Sin Ti”, still holds the title of Spotify’s most streamed album of all time.
When: Thursday, March 7 at 8 p.m.Where: Wonder Ballroom, 128 NE Russell St, Portland, OR 97212
Mariah the Scientist’s “To Be Eaten Alive” earned her her first entry on Billboard’s Top 200 albums chart late last year. Fans will now hear new tracks including “From A Woman” and “Different Pages” live.
 Washington could launch hotline for hate crimes, bias incident reports 
When: Saturday, March 9 at 8 p.m.Where: McMenamins Crystal Ballroom, 1332 W Burnside St, Portland, OR 97209
English singer-songwriter Arlo Parks is backing her latest indie pop record with a North American tour. The musician’s recent accomplishments include an Artist of the Year nomination for the upcoming Brit Awards and an NPR Tiny Desk concert.
When: Sunday, March 10 at 7 p.m.Where: Holocene, 1001 SE Morrison St, Portland, OR 97214
Arin Ray will finally perform at Holocene after his October 2023 show was canceled due to “unforeseen circumstances.” The R&B artist was first introduced to the music industry as a contestant on season two of the competition show The X Factor.
When: Saturday, March 16 at 7 p.m.Where: Moda Center, 1 N Center Ct St, Portland, OR 97227
Former “The Voice” coach Blake Shelton has returned to the stage with a trip “back to the honky tonk.” So far, the country star’s setlist has featured his greatest hits like “Nobody But You” and “God’s Country.”
 NW Natural distributing $29 million in credits to Oregon customers 
When: Monday, March 25 at 8 p.m.Where: Revolution Hall, 1300 SE Stark St #203, Portland, OR 97214
After writing for artists like Kehlani and Masego, Destin Conrad is embarking on his first-ever headlining tour in the U.S. The Tampa-raised R&B singer will perform tracks from his companion projects titled “SUBMISSIVE” and “SUBMISSIVE2.”
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to KOIN.com.