In custom Maison Margiela, the singer looks every bit as Garden of Time-y as we’d expect him to.
God, I love the Met Gala. It's fashion's biggest night, and when stars and their stylists bring their A game, they really bring their A game. Granted, when it comes to menswear, a lot of guys tend to play it safe with a simple, monochromatic look or—heaven forbid—a penguin suit. But not Bad Bunny.
Bad Bunny, certified fashionhead, is the type of guy who shows up to the red carpet an hour early with a playful little hat, hoofed Tabi shoes, tiny sunglasses, and the kind of swagger that only an artisanal Maison Margiela couture look could grant.
Benito, Benito, Benito, I knew better than to ever doubt you. You, wearing goatlike shoes with literal animal hair on them and a big floppy hat that makes me yearn for the Renaissance Fair's return to town. You, clutching a fistful of all-black roses in your leather glove on the red carpet, because the power of accessorizing doesn't end at a hat and sunglasses.
Bad Bunny has turned out many an iconic look in his time (I still think quite often about his all-white floral look by Jacquemus from last year's Met Gala), and he's a man who knows how to dress to a theme.
Tonight, for instance, the Met Gala's theme is "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion," with a dress code suggesting that guests arrive according to the "Garden of Time." Bad Bunny, you have outdone yourself. The timelessness of the almost utilitarian squared tailoring with white pinstripes and flashes of red, the ephemerality (and garden-ness!) of the decayed flowers, the contrast between eccentricity and modernity. What more is there to say?
Well, there's this: The rest of the guys following in Bad Bunny's footsteps on the red carpet tonight have a very, very high bar set for them. 
Tecovas Bartlett Weekender Review 2025
14 Shoes Made to Withstand the Summer Heat
A Great Pair of High-Tops Is an Absolute Essential
Our 10 Favorite Undershirts Of All Time
Five Fits With: Snowboarding Star Zeb Powell
The 10 Best Western Shirts for Men
What the Hell Are Hedi Boys?
Hoka Has a Bunch of Great Gear on Sale Right Now
Lewis Pullman on 'Thunderbolts*,' Style, and More
Levi's Heads to Japan for a High-End Collection
How to Style Your Wide-Leg Pants
9 Jackets to Buy This Spring
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.