To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
Brooklyn Beckham has finally hit back against the jack-of-all-trades allegations by amusing fans in a new self-deprecating advert. 
As the eldest son of David and Victoria Beckham, Brooklyn had plenty of success to inspire him from his parents but has struggled to find the perfect career path for himself over the years.
First, he tried to follow his dad’s footsteps by pursuing football but dropped out of Arsenal academy aged 15 after realising it would be ‘difficult’ to live up to David. 
Then Penguin Random House published his infamous collection of photography which included a badly lit photo of an elephant with the caption: ‘Elephants in Kenya. So hard to photograph but incredible to see.’
At the tail end of last year, Brooklyn switched things up once more when he announced his plans to become a chef. But after regularly coming under fire for his cooking videos, he said he’s ‘used to the hate’ and that ‘cooking makes [him] happy’. 
Now, however, he is embracing his notoriously pottered professional trajectory with a hilarious new advert for Booking.com where he labels himself a ‘professional traveller’ and visits New York. Where else for a man named Brooklyn?
The video begins with Brooklyn hyping himself up. 
‘You’re a great chef, a great photographer. I’m Brooklyn Peltz-Beckham,’ he says while pinching the top of his nose.
He then fully embraces his reputation as a serially bad worker by clumsily swimming through his New York trip and his lines are delivered with impeccable comedic timing. 
He starts the holiday by incorrectly pointing out his eponymous bridge. Then he wonders if graffiti is Italian while spray painting a wall and completely butchers a bagel while proclaiming he had ‘nailed’ it.
In a change of pace for the model, his comments were flooded with praise for his ability to poke fun at himself. And do it with such skill.
‘Fantastic move from Brooklyn. Own the ‘negativity’ and transform it into your power,’ @mattskings wrote. 
‘I like the fact he can laugh at himself. This is brilliant,’ @rebeccaly21 echoed. 
‘This is very funny, well played sir!’ @nichola8898 commented.
Some pointed out he has adopted his father’s sense of humour.
‘I’ve always thought Brooklyn was more like Victoria but he’s really morphing into his Dad now! Never noticed before,’ @zoemarieh88 added.
‘God he is like his dad in every way,’ @natamos20 agreed.
Perhaps a thriving comedy career is in Brooklyn’s future.
Brooklyn has been happily married to his wife Nicola, daughter of billionaire business mogul Nelson Peltz, since April 2022.
Nicola has had a difficult year after losing her grandmother, Bunny, and pet chihuahua, Nala, just a month apart.
She shared her sadness on social media following Nala’s death.
‘This has been the hardest month of my life. I can’t even find the words to describe my heartbreak on so many levels,’ she said.
She then explained that Nala was ‘perfectly healthy when she went to the groomers yesterday but came out hyperventilating and couldn’t catch her breath.
‘We rushed her to the vet and she passed hours later, her life was taken away from her way too soon. She was my beautiful queen and stayed by my side for 9 years through everything,’ she continued.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Negativity towards Gareth Southgate’s England side may also have an effect closer to home
Arrow
MORE: Top minister arrested over ‘performing black magic spell’
Arrow
MORE: Man killed by lightning strike while warning others of incoming storm