By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:14, 7 May 2024   |  Updated:  11:18, 7 May 2024   
 100
View  comments
Zendaya had all eyes on her as she returned to the 2024 Met Gala at The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City on Monday, after a five year hiatus. 
The Euphoria star, 27 — who is a co-chair of the event alongside Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth — ruffled a few feathers in her metallic peacock-colored Maison Margiela by John Galliano gown. 
The blue and green bias-cut dress featured a mermaid tail and grape embellishments to fit with this year's garden theme. The star accessorized it with a fascinator with a long black feather. 
The actress, who last attended fashion's biggest night in 2017,  added height to her look with custom-made Tabi pumps by Christian Louboutin for Margiela.
The beauty added more drama to her look with bright pink eyeshadow and black lipstick. She was styled by her longtime collaborator Law Roach.
Zendaya, 27, had all eyes on her as she returned to the 2024 Met Gala at The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City on Monday, after a five year hiatus 
The Euphoria star ruffled a few feathers in her metallic peacock-colored Maison Margiela by John Galliano gown
A press release for her look revealed that 'John Galliano specially created an haute couture look for co-chair Zendaya composed of a sage lamé and organza bias-cut dress worn over a duchess satin corset.'
'The dress features bands of hand-painted metallic crin, a drape and bow layered from aluminum material and iridescent organza, and a corsage hand-embroidered with natural motifs hand-painted in electric blue and emerald, green.'
'Zendaya's hand-painted plume-like veil and hat wrapped in stockings was created by Stephen Jones for Maison Margiela.'
Expectations were high for the star, following a successful promotional tour for her last two films Challengers and Dune 2, where she raised the fashion bar at every red carpet. 
The gown was not a hit with all her fans.
'I'M CRYING MY MOM SAW ZENDAYA'S DRESS AND SAID "Oh, is the theme fruit?" one Twitter user wrote.
'Does Zendaya finally have a miss?' another asked. 
However, many others were impressed, with one fan writing, 'Zendaya came and brought all the drama #MetGala2024.' 
The beauty added more drama to her look with bright pink eyeshadow and black lipstick 
The blue and green bias-cut dress featured a mermaid tail 
The actress added height to her look with custom-made Tabi pumps by Christian Louboutin for Maison Margiela
The gown was adorned with grape embellishments to keep up with the garden theme
A press release for her look revealed that 'John Galliano specially created an haute couture look for co-chair Zendaya composed of a sage lamé and organza bias-cut dress worn over a duchess satin corset'
Zendaya navigated the red carpet in her sensational ensemble
She was styled by her longtime collaborator Law Roach for fashion's biggest night
He was pictured adjusting her headpiece to ensure a perfect presentation 
She was also spotted posing with Austin Coleman, who rocked an all white suit 
Zendaya was also spotted posing with Austin Coleman, who rocked an all white suit. 
The Costume Institute's spring exhibition falls on the first Monday in May every year and is held at New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art.
This year the event is titled Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion while the dress code is The Garden of Time. 
The honorary chairs for the evening are Loewe creative director Jonathan Anderson and TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew.
'This year's co-chairs reflect a variety of career achievements, and all have distinct style histories with the Met Gala,' Vogue shared.
The showcase will feature approximately 250 items drawn from The Costume Institute's permanent collection - with many of the pieces too fragile to ever be worn again. 
The pieces will all be displayed using elements such as AI, GCI, and more while playing up themes of land, sea, and sky.
'It is very much an ode to nature and the emotional poetics of fashion,' said Andrew Bolton, Wendy Yu Curator in Charge of The Costume Institute, of the upcoming exhibition.
The gown was not a hit with all her fans. 'I'M CRYING MY MOM SAW ZENDAYA'S DRESS AND SAID "Oh, is the theme fruit?" one Twitter user wrote
'Does Zendaya finally have a miss?' another asked
Expectations were high for the star, following a successful promotional tour for her last two films Challengers and Dune 2, where she raised the fashion bar at every red carpet
There were plenty of memes with one writing the star reminded them of the Miss Spider character
Another said she looked like a Tim Burton character 
Her choice of makeup was also in question 
However, many other fans were pleased with her look and praised Zendaya for her style
'Zendaya never disappoints,' one fan wrote 
'One thing I hope this show will activate is that sensorial appreciation of fashion.'
Guests expected to attend include the Kardashians, Blake Lively, Hailey Bieber, Sarah Jessica Parker and Timothee Chalamet.
Gwendoline Christie, La La Anthony and Ashley Graham are hosting while YouTuber Emma Chamberlain is expected to interview stars on the red carpet.
Last year's gala honored late designer Karl Lagerfeld.
BY HEIDI PARKER
 Zendaya has always made a splash when at the annual fashion event The Met Gala held in New York City.
The Oakland, California native has been five times before: in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019. 
This year the 27-year-old Spider-Man veteran will be going up the famous Met Museum steps for the first time in five years. 
The Dune actress is set to co-chair the event alongside Jennifer Lopez, Chris Hemsworth and Bad Bunny.
The siren said in late April she finds the Met Gala 'terrifying'. During an appearance on Live with Kelly and Mark, she told the hosts: 'Going up the steps is very daunting, and I haven't been back for maybe four or five years. So this is, like, my first time back at the Met in quite a while.'
Zendaya has always made a splash when at the annual fashion event The Met Gala held in New York City . The Oakland, California native has been five times before: in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2019. This year the 27-year-old Spider-Man veteran will be going up the famous Met Museum steps for the first time since 2019. Seen in April in Beverly Hills
This year's Met Gala theme - which will take place on May 6 - is Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion. 
The dress code will be The Garden of Time, which is said to be inspired by the J.G. Ballard's 1962 short story of the same name. 
Vogue has explained the dress code will be about 'fleeting beauty.'
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2015
FAUSTO PUGLISI 
Zendaya's first Met Gala was in 2015 for the China: Through The Looking Glass Costume Institute Benefit Gala.
It was held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City on May 4, 2015.
Her gown was by Fausto Puglisi, Sicilian fashion designer and creative consultant for Roberto Cavalli. 
It included a black plunging bodice and a short red skirt with a long train. She added a jeweled headband and wrist cuff that matched the designs on her skirt. 
Zendaya at the China: Through The Looking Glass Costume Institute Benefit Gala at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in 2015
2016
MICHAEL KORS 
For her second Met Gala in 2016 she had on a sleek, form-fitting glittery gold dress with a slight mermaid finish by Michael Kors.
There was a high collar and a single sleeve. 
Her dark hair was in a high-gloss bowl cut as she had on brown and nude makeup and wore several gold rings on her fingers.
The theme was Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology. 
For her second Met Gala in 2016 she had on a sleek, form-fitting column of gold fabric by Michael Kors. There was a high collar and a single sleeve
2017
DOLCE & GABBANA 
Zendaya wore a stunning off-the-shoulder floral and parrot print ball gown by Dolce & Gabbana.
Her chocolate brown hair was worn down and full as she added a red pout for a romantic look. 
The event was held on May 1, 2017.
The theme in 2017 was at Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between. 
Zendaya wore a stunning off-the-shoulder floral print ball gown by Dolce & Gabbana at Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art of the In-Between
2018
VERSACE 
Zendaya seen with short red hair with heavy bangs at the opening of Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination on May 7, 2018.
She had on a silver metal Atelier Versace gown.
She looked ready for battle with armor hanging from her shoulders. It also included silver epaulets, a spiked metal collar and a single-leg split.
The look was finished off with strappy silver platform heels.
Zendaya seen with short red hair at the opening of Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination on May 7, 2018
2019
TOMMY HILFIGER 
Zendaya at the Met celebrating the opening of Camp: Notes on Fashion on May 6, 2019.
The thespian stood out in a lit-up blue, gray and white Cinderella style dress by Tommy Hilfiger.
The dress appeared to change color when the lights blinked.
The star, who went blonde, held onto a rhinestone-studded pumpkin carriage purse and a sweet headband to drive home the Disney character theme.
Zendaya at the Met celebrating the opening of Camp: Notes on Fashion, Arrivals on May 6, 2019 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group