By DAN WOODLAND 
 Published:  01:49, 28 June 2024   |  Updated:  01:57, 28 June 2024   
 11
View  comments
Netflix has been forced to remove a sex scene in a hit crime series about a notorious drug smuggler after he complained.
Laureano Oubiña, from Galicia in northwest Spain, sued the streaming platform over its portrayal of him and his wife in the television series Cocaine Coast. 
The 78-year-old, who was convicted of drug trafficking and money laundering, demanded Netflix pay him €1.5 million for the 'moral damage' the series had caused. 
While a judge ruled that the show's depiction of the crime kingpin was not 'very different' from reality, they did find that a sex scene between Oubiña and his wife in the first episode of the series was not justified. 
The court ordered Netflix to remove the scene, which sees a police raid interrupt the couple during an intimate moment, and pay Oubiña €15,000 for breaching his privacy, The Times reported.
Notorious drug smuggler Laureano Oubiña has forced Netflix to remove a sex scene with him and his wife in a hit crime series
Oubiña, who is portrayed in the show by actor Carlos Blanco (pictured), sued the streaming platform over its portrayal of him and his wife in the television series Cocaine Coast
The series, which is called Fariña in Spanish, is based on the rise of drug clans in Galicia in the 1980s and 1990s
A judge said that the 'the undeniable creative freedom of the creators and producers of the series' did not justify the inclusion of the scene. 
They added the scene, which only showed the couple from behind, was unnecassary and was used to 'hook the viewer into the plot'. 
Oubiña had initially tried to sue Netflix for €1.5 million for creating the show, which he said portrayed him as a violent cocaine trafficker.
The series, which is called Fariña in Spanish, is based on the rise of drug clans in Galicia in the 1980s and 1990s, with Oubiña being played by actor Carlos Blanco. 
Oubiña's lawyer, Jorge Paladino, said 'The life of Mr Laureano Oubiña has worsened considerably since the broadcast of this series because he is portrayed as a person capable of taking the life of another, [a] violent, sexist, a cocaine trafficker, impotent, vicious, unfaithful, a bad father, a bad husband, a brute, foolish, vengeful, an abuser of women, ignorant and a mafioso.'
But the court rejected the other complaints as it found the show had been 'inspired by reality' and Oubiña's portrayal was not 'very different' from that which he and his 'conduct' had led the world to believe. 
The scene sees a police raid interrupt the couple during an intimate moment, with the couple only being shown from behind
Oubiña (pictured) had initially tried to sue Netflix for €1.5 million for creating the show, which he said portrayed him as a violent cocaine trafficker
The 78-year-old was previously convicted of drug trafficking and money laundering
This kind of case is not something Netflix is unfamiliar to, with the streaming giant currently facing a number of other complaints about the subject of its shows. 
Earlier this month it was revealed that the only surviving son of jailed murderer and fraudster Alex Murdaugh is planning to sue Netflix and Warner Brothers over documentaries connecting him to the murder of his former classmate.
Buster Murdaugh, 30, unmistakable for the distinctive red hair that he and his brother both inherited from their father Alex, 55, is suing several media outlets and two major studios for damaging his reputation.
Murdaugh claims that various films and stories written about the case have linked him to the killing of 19-year-old Stephen Smith.
Just weeks prior to that, the woman who claims she is the inspiration for Netflix's stalking drama Baby Reindeer announced she is suing the streaming platform for $170million.
Fiona Harvey, who says lead character Martha's life is based on her own, denies ever going to prison or to court, as the show portrays.
Harvey alleges Netflix allowed viewers to track her down in real life and that she is now being inundated with abuse, according to legal dossiers obtained by TMZ.
A legal showdown now looks set between Netflix and Fiona Harvey (pictured) who claims her supposed depiction in Baby Reindeer is untrue  
Fiona Harvey, who says lead character Martha's life (pictured) is based on her own, denies ever going to prison or to court, as the show portrays
Harvey says the show, which features Richard Gadd and Jessica Gunning (pictured), makes false claims about her
In the series Martha is depicted as a bunny-boiling stalker who is constantly harassing the protagonist Donny, played by Richard Gadd. 
Harvey claims that she is being bombarded with hate from around the world because of how Martha is portrayed in the Netflix hit.
She asserts that she never stalked Gadd, did not sexually assault him, nor was she ever convicted of stalking.
The Scot alleges that Netflix led viewers to believe that fictional elements of the show were factual.
As a result, Harvey is suing the show for defamation, negligence, intentional infliction of emotional distress and violations of right of publicity, among other charges.
She is demanding more than $50million in damages.
And in another case similar to that of Oubiña's, the family of Griselda Blanco are also seeking to sue Netflix over its alleged 'unauthorized use of their family's image and likeness' in a series about the female drug kingpin. 
A lawsuit obtained by and launched by Blanco's adult kids acting as representatives for her estate, names Netflix as a defendant as well as Sofia Vergara, who portrays Griselda in a series of the same name. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group