The 'Kick-Ass' star said she voted for Harris “in the need for legal protections that protects the LGBTQ+ community as a gay woman”
Chloë Grace Moretz has appeared to come out as a “gay woman” in a social media post in which she endorses Kamala Harris for President.
The 27-year-old actor, known for her appearances in Kick-Ass, Hugo, Carrie and The Equalizer, posted on Instagram on Friday (November 1), revealing that she had “voted early” for the Democratic nominee.
It is later in her post, which includes a photo of Moretz’s jeans with an ‘I Voted Early’ sticker, that she says that one of her reasons for her decision is that she believes “in the need for legal protections that protects the LGBTQ+ community as a gay woman”.
A post shared by Chloë Grace Moretz (@chloegmoretz)
“I voted early and I voted for Kamala Harris,” Moretz wrote. “There is so much on the line this election. I believe the government has no right over my body as a woman, and that the decisions over my body should come ONLY from myself and my doctor.”
“Kamala Harris will protect that for us. I believe in the need for legal protections that protects the LGBTQ+ community as a gay woman. We need protections in this country and to have access to the care we need and deserve. SO… Are you voting early? Let’s get a plan together to get to your polling place with your friends! Go to IWillVote.com to figure out the best plan for you.”
Moretz has not previously opened up about her sexuality in this way, although she has been linked romantically in the press with the model Kate Harrison in the past, after they were pictured kissing in Malibu, California in 2018. She was in a relationship with Brooklyn Beckham from 2014 to 2018.
In supporting Harris, Moretz is far from alone in the entertainment industry. Her endorsement comes a day after Bruce Springsteen appeared in a ‘Hopes and Dreams’ campaign ad for the Vice President, while Taylor Swift broke her silence in September when she wrote that she would be voting for the Democrat “because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them”.
Last week, the cast of Marvel’s Avengers, including Mark Ruffalo, Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans and Don Cheadle, reunited to endorse Harris in an Instagram clip.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, a former Republican governor of California, has also said he is voting for Harris. “I will always be an American before I am a Republican,” he said. “That’s why, this week, I am voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. I’m sharing it with all of you because I think there are a lot of you who feel like I do. You don’t recognise our country. And you are right to be furious.”
Others to officially endorse Harris include Beyoncé, Charli XCX, Joni Mitchell, Chappell Roan, Megan Thee Stallion, Cher, Lizzo, Eminem, Usher, P!nk, Leonardo DiCaprio, Bad Bunny, Bon Iver, Quavo, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, Mumford & Sons, GloRilla and Finneas.
High-profile backers of Trump include Kid Rock, Kelsey Grammer, Kanye West and Hulk Hogan.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.