"Happy Gilmore 2" was in production in Middletown Monday. Bobby Bank | GC Images
Adam Sandler is back in action as Happy Gilmore in New Jersey.
The actor, writer and producer practiced his golf swing in the sand Monday with a view of the water from the Middletown set of the film on Ideal Beach.
Netflix’s “Happy Gilmore 2″ is slated to film all over Jersey.
As we reported last month, the production held an open casting call in August for local extras and background actors.
Filming will run through November in Bergen, Essex, Monmouth, Morris and Somerset counties, New York’s Grant Wilfley Casting previously told NJ Advance Media.
Last week, on Sept. 9, Sandler, who is renowned for his laid back fashions, could be seen wearing a striped robe and sunglasses (over some sweats and sneakers, naturally) on the “Happy Gilmore 2″ set in South Orange (photos below!).
That day also happened to be his birthday — he turned 58.
Adam Sandler's sequel will feature returning "Gilmore" characters and a star-studded roster of new faces.Bobby Bank | GC Images
The Newark Office of Film and Television recently told NJ Advance Media that the production had also been scouting in the city.
And Golf.com reported that Sandler is set to film in October at a country club in Bedminster (no, no that one — Fiddler’s Elbow).
“Happy Gilmore,” which premiered in 1996, was directed by Dennis Dugan and written by Sandler and Tim Herlihy.
Netflix announced the sequel in May. Herlihy returned to write the movie with Sandler and Kyle Newacheck, who directed Sandler in “Murder Mystery” (2019), is helming the film. Dugan is an executive producer.
Adam Sandler was in South Orange on his birthday. Bobby Bank | GC Images
Sandler’s Happy Gilmore turns from hockey to golf in the first movie as he tries to save his grandmother’s home from foreclosure by competing in a pro golf tour.
That movie was filmed in Canada, in the Vancouver region. Grossing more than $41 million worldwide (on a $12 million budget), the 1996 film became one of Sandler’s calling cards, along with “Billy Madison” (1995) and “The Waterboy” (1998).
“It ain’t over,” Sandler posted on Instagram the other week, sharing a photo of Gilmore’s jersey. “The way I see it… we’ve only just begun.”
Besides Sandler as Gilmore, Emmy winner Julie Bowen (”Modern Family”) is set to reprise her role as Virginia Venit, Happy’s love, in “Happy Gilmore 2.”
A post shared by Adam Sandler (@adamsandler)
“Happy Gilmore” was one of Bowen’s earliest big screen credits. She recently said in an interview on “Today” that Virginia and Happy are still together ... and that she really hated her hair in the first film, which she thought no one would actually see at the time.
Christopher McDonald is also returning as Shooter McGavin, a pro golfer who was a foil to Gilmore in the first movie.
Longtime “The Price is Right” host Bob Barker, who played Gilmore’s celebrity partner on the golf tour, died in 2023. Their onscreen rumble is stuff of cinematic legend. (”The price is wrong, b----!”)
“Rocky” actor and NFL veteran Carl Weathers, who played Derick “Chubbs” Peterson, Gilmore’s coach, died in February.
Bob Barker rumbled with Happy Gilmore in the 1996 film.Universal Pictures
New faces in “Happy Gilmore 2″ include Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, aka Taylor Swift’s boyfriend (Sandler and Kelce talk about their golf swings in the clip below).
Actor and director Benny Safdie (”The Curse,” “Uncut Gems,” “Oppenheimer”) is also in the cast. In August, Sandler told IndieWire that Safdie has “a juicy part” in the movie.
Music superstar Bad Bunny, aka Benito Martínez Ocasio, is also part of the cast. His previous acting roles include the series “Narcos: Mexico” and the films “Bullet Train” and “F9.”
Also joining is frequent Sandler movie actor and comedian Nick Swardson (”Leo,” “Sandy Wexler,” “Pixels,” “Grown Ups 2,” “You Don’t Mess with the Zohan,” “I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry”).
A post shared by New Heights (@newheightshow)
Thank you for reading. Please consider supporting NJ.com with a subscription.
Amy Kuperinsky may be reached at akuperinsky@njadvancemedia.com and followed at @AmyKup.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices