Ladies and gentlemen, start your engines and head down to Florida because Formula 1 is back in Miami.
The biggest names in racing and celebrity car racing aficionados are set to hit Magic City ahead of the 2024 Miami Grand Prix taking place at the Miami International Autodrome in Miami Gardens, Fla., May 5.
Local hotspots are revved and ready to go with some of the hottest parties in town, as F1 makes its return for the third year in a row to South Florida.
Italian motorsport engineer Guenther Steiner, who was announced as Miami Grand Prix’s ambassador, recently told the New York Post exclusively why this racing event lives up to the hype.
“The program around Miami — it’s so big,” he explained. “There is Marc Anthony signing the national anthem, there [are] six different food outlets at the track, so it’s a lot to do also for the family.
“In general, it’s a very interesting sport and people want to consume it now because before they were not aware of what was actually happening.”
Page Six has rounded up all of the parties happening Miami Grand Prix weekend you won’t want to miss.
One of the most elite parties taking place at the Miami Grand Prix is making its grand return.
Major Food Group and American Express will once again host the star-studded “Supper Club on The Sand,” featuring the best in delicious cuisine by renowned chef Mario Carbone, from May 2 to 5.
The event — which always brings out the biggest A-listers in town including Travis Kelce, Diana Ross and Jeff Bezos in recent years — will feature performances from surprise guests. 
A seat at the four-night extravaganza costs a staggering $3,000-a-head for its starting entry fee, but if you’re willing to pay to play, tickets are available at CarboneBeach.com. Friday and Saturday are sold out.
E11EVEN Miami is also gearing up for another epic race weekend with a hot list of performers hitting the stage every night, including 50 Cent on May 3, A$AP Rocky on May 4 and Afrojack on May 5.
The 24-hour ultraclub is also partnering with Playboy for a limited edition capsule collection release party kicking off the entire weekend on May 1. DJ Cedric Gervais and Amémé are set to perform.
E11EVEN is also offering a “Winners Circle” package — exclusively for F1 — that consists of a four-night stay at the Gabriel hotel, dinner for up to 11 people at the prestigious restaurant Giselle, private chauffeur to and from the club, and a $50,000 table tab at E11even for a total price tag of $111,000.
Prepare to live it up at LIV nightclub at the Fontainebleau hotel. Miami’s premier destination for luxury nightlife is featuring live performances from top DJs and renowned artists, including Black Coffee on May 2, John Summit on May 3, Bizarrap on May 4 and DJ Khaled will round out the renowned LIV on Sunday party on May 5. The hip-hop star is set to perform his hits “All I Do is Win,” “Popstar” and more.
No RSVP is needed and tickets are available to the public upon entry.
Red Bull Fan Zone is bringing back the largest off-track fan festival during Miami race week. SWARM Entertainment Group’s Racing Fan Fest, located at 2250 NW Second Avenue, will be taking place from May 2 to 5. This four-day immersive event boasts live stage performances by Ariel Assault, ZIV, Konnekt, Sictric, Rz Spinz, Kaos, and captivating activations.
In celebration of F1 Miami’s return and the thriving sports culture in South Florida, the typically members-only padel club Reserve will be open to the public from April 29 to May 5.
Non-members can reserve a court by emailing designdistrict@reservepadel.com. Court fees still apply.
Cartier Eyewear is hosting a pop-up at the extravagant Chateau Lobby of the Fontainebleau Miami Beach from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. ET on May 2 to 5. Guests will be able to shop a curated selection of Cartier’s bestselling men’s and women’s eyewear, ranging from sophisticated frames to timeless designs.
Art aficionados can squeeze in some culture amid all of the partying and athletic events by attending Cash App’s pop-up in partnership with Wynwood Walls, the world’s largest outdoor street art museum.
From May 3 to 5, over 50 murals from renowned international street artists and a pop-up by Smorgasburg will be featured. Cash App card users will get 20 percent off their admission ticket, 20 percent off from gift shop items, complimentary ice cream, a swag bag and other perks. It is open to the public.
Additionally, the Visa Cash App RB F1 team, an Italian Formula 1 racing team, will host a unique livery event on May 1 ahead of the race.
Lionel Messi’s “The Messi Experience: A Dream Come True” is one of the newest must-see attractions in Miami. Guests will be able to explore different rooms featuring the soccer legend’s life from childhood to present day via an interactive journey. It is open daily to the public from 10 a.m. to 6:45 p.m. ET.
French-Mediterranean restaurant Villa Azur will be hosting parties all weekend from May 2 to 4. World-class DJs, including Laurent Simeca, Hushmoney, and ZIV will spin tunes for partygoers.
American Express is hosting a card member event on May 1, featuring special guest and award-winning artist Camila Cabello, at the Temple House in South Beach.
During the event, card members can listen in on a discussion with the pop superstar and Susie Wolff, managing director of F1 Academy, that looks at the role of women in business and sports, and how these dynamic female leaders have been able to drive impact and inspire future generations.
Cabello will also give a first-look at her new music. Tickets can be purchased here. Space is limited.
Racing legend Lewis Hamilton’s non-alcoholic spirit, Almave, is partnering with restaurant mogul David Grutman for an F1 kickoff party at the latter’s latest hotspot Casadonna on May 1.
Groot Hospitality and Almave distiller Iván Saldaña are set to introduce a non-alcoholic drink menu. The mocktails will be available at Grutman’s other restaurants Komodo and Gekkō throughout the summer. This event is open to the public.
For one night only, Sexy Fish Miami is hosting Loren Allred, the songstress behind “The Greatest Showman” hit “Never Enough,” for a Broadway-themed dinner party. 
Guests are invited to relish in delectable dishes and theatrical cocktails curated to transport them to the Great White Way, while listening to legendary show tunes written by Broadway’s most iconic composers.
Reservations can be made online. A deposit of $300 per person is required for the table. The deposit will be used towards food and bottle service. Tax and service charges are not included.
NTERTAIN Studios, the company behind compelling Latino narratives such as “Los Montaner” and “La Firma,” is celebrating a new docuseries spotlighting the career of Formula 1 legend Juan Pablo Montoya. 
The private, invite-only reception will be held at 7 p.m. ET at Miami’s Soho Beach House.
German-born artist Erik Parker, known for his meticulously crafted and vibrant paintings, is debuting his new exhibit at the Ross+Kramer Miami Gallery on May 1.
Ocean Drive is celebrating Formula 1 and their May/June cover star, Sofia Resing, at Tala Beach Club at the 1 Hotel South Beach. The fun party will feature delicious cocktails and a captivating music performance by Pietro. Partners Montecristo, Body Armor Flash IV, Golden Goat, La Croix, Yave Tequila and more will be present to provide guests with a complete experience. This event is invite-only.
NEON16 is hosting their second annual Celebrity ESports Tournament, featuring 28 celebrity participants, in Wynwood on May 2 at 7 p.m. ET. 
Contestants will compete in high-performing Oracle Red Bull Racing branded simulators to virtually race on the Miami Grand Prix track and have the opportunity to go head-to-head with Red Bull athlete and FIA Formula 3 driver Sebastian Montoya. This event is invite-only.
Pilo’s Tequila Gardenis hosting a Thee Fever pop-up to listen to beats by DJ Mr. Anderson and special guests from 9 p.m. to 3 a.m. No RSVP is needed and this event is open to the public.
Brade Lowe of the Taste Network is collaborating with Dolphins Challenge Cancer, ESPN’s V Foundation and 1 Hotel for a one-of-a-kind dining experience called Nourish. The luxury dining event — which will feature notable chefs, artistic food presentations, top-tier drinks and charitable giving — is being held at Habitat 1 Hotel South Beach from 8 p.m. to 11:30 p.m. ET. RSVP is needed, but this event is sold out.
For one night only, DraftKings will bring together international wagyu expert Hisato Hamada of WAGYUMAFIA to host a unique pop-up dinner experience at Gekkō, the Japanese-inspired steakhouse led by Grutman and Bad Bunny for a six-course dinner. Reservations can be made at http://gekko.com/.
David Velasquez of @mixingwithdavid is hosting a hands-on cocktail making master class experience in YOTEL Miami‘s intimate community area, Revolve. Guests can RSVP here.
Dance the day away with the top DJs surrounded by celebrities and athletes at the only event where luxury yachts anchor around a live floating music venue, “The Vessel.”
With Residence Yacht Club‘s fleet, you’re invited to a premium experience, presented by the preprix, with VIP access throughout the night, including a coveted boat slip at “The Vessel,” your own private yacht, a water taxi service and an all-inclusive bar package. Soulfly and Chèvre will provide culinary delights.
Sexy Fish After Dark will feature an exclusive performance by DJ Guy Gerber starting at 10 p.m. ET on May 3. Guests are invited to enjoy exquisite signature cocktails and an extensive list of premium spirits and fine Champagnes. 
Record producers Chris Jedi and Gaby Music are hosting an immersive event filled with live performances, interactive pit stops, and unforgettable moments that showcase the essence of Miami.
The event will be open to the public with RSVPs. Fans interested in attending the live event in Miami can register in advance on a first-come, first-served basis at ​​www.jackdanielsgarage.com.
Grammy winner Marc Anthony will perform the national anthem on the grid at the Miami International Autodrome on May 5. 
Steve Aoki, Don Omar, Kaskade, Ed Sheeran and John Summit are also set to hit the stage. Performances will be livestreamed on videoboards throughout the Hard Rock Stadium’s circuit.
Kaytranada, who has been named this year’s podium performer, will be the race’s closing act.  
Advertisement