By CODIE BULLEN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:56, 15 May 2024   |  Updated:  15:00, 15 May 2024   
 104
View  comments
Kendall Jenner sent temperatures soaring on Tuesday as she posed for FWRD's new summer campaign. 
The model, 28, who also appears on the cover of Vogue's summer issue, modeled an array of sexy bikinis in the very racy shoot. 
In one sizzling snap, Kendall covered her modesty with her hand as she posed topless in the shower.
Kendall later relaxed at the edge of a pool in a blue string bikini, while her wet locks were pushed back out of her face. 
A mystery model was also spotted in the communal showers completely naked while Kendall wore a cropped ringer T-shirt and red bottoms. 
Kendall Jenner sent temperatures soaring on Tuesday as she posed for FWRD's new summer campaign
In one sizzling snap, Kendall covered her modesty with her hand as she posed topless in the shower
'Who is the man?' asked one of her Instagram followers while another commented that the fellow should be Bad Bunny , her ex, after they reunited at a Met Gala after party earlier this month. 'This man took Bad Bunny's place, not fair,' wrote another.
Kendall and Bad Bunny have modeled before for Gucci so it would not be far-fetched for them to co-star in this FWRD campaign.
The same male model was also seen laying down next to her by a swimming pool as she wore a skimpy bikini. In that image he had on swim trunks.
In another image, she curled up on a lounge chair in a red floral print bikini that displayed her toned physique to perfection.
Kendall modeled a sexy zebra print swimsuit and heels as she sat upon the hood of the car, her eyes shielded behind a pair of sleek sunglasses.
The swimsuit, named 'The Attico', retails for $470.
Kendall posted snaps from the campaign to her Instagram Stories, tagging the FWRD brand and campaign photographer Cameron Hammond.
In one of the images the 28-year-old model was seen sitting on a marble counter of a modern-looking bathroom with a naked man in the shower 
The same guy was also seen laying down next to her by a swimming pool as she wore a skimpy bikini. In this image, he had on swim trunks. 
She left little to the imagination in floral thong bikini bottoms as she posed topless
Kendall curled up in a lounge chair in a floral print bikini
Kendall modeled a sexy zebra print swimsuit and heels as she sat upon the hood of a Porsche, her eyes shielded behind a pair of sleek sunglasses
The runway beauty has had years of experience modeling, recently appearing on the cover of Vogue's Summer 2024 issue.
During her candid interview with the publication, she revealed she's had a 'tough two months' as she detailed her 20 year anxiety battle.
The model opened up about her ongoing anxiety battle and the unique way she's tackling mental health anguish in her new shoot with Vogue.
Kendall oozed confidence in a slew of stunning snaps for the fashion bible, but admitted in reality, she has been 'more sad' than usual.
She explained: 'I don't see why I shouldn't be honest about it. In my career right now I feel really stable, really hopeful. But I've had a tough two months.
'I haven't been myself, and my friends see it. I'm more sad than usual. I'm way more anxious than usual. So I'm not going to sit here and act like everything's perfect. That's life—I'm always going to be in and out of those feelings.'
She struck an array of poses in the swimwear 
Kendall posted snaps from the campaign to her Instagram Stories, tagging the FWRD brand and campaign photographer Cameron Hammond
The runway beauty has had years of experience modeling, recently appearing on the cover of Vogue's Summer 2024 issue
'In past interviews, when someone’s asked me about my mental state, it’s always been, "I’m great right now, but this is what I’ve dealt with." Well, right now I’m actually in it.'
She went on to share: 'For me, getting out of bed in the morning and putting one foot in front of the other is so helpful for me. Moving, getting my blood flowing.
'When I say I’m struggling right now, I’m not doing those helpful things. Choosing to sit in my bed and mope all day is setting myself up for failure.'
The supermodel has been an advocate for mental health and has been very open about her struggles with anxiety on Keeping Up With The Kardashians and her social media platforms for several years.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group