Manage your account
Ronald Acuña Jr. and his siblings inspire one another's baseball performances
Megan Briggs/Getty ; Luisangel Acuna Instagram
Luisangel, Bryan and Kenny Acuña are the younger brothers of Atlanta Braves outfielder Ronald Acuña Jr., one of Major League Baseball’s brightest young stars.
Since being called up to the majors in 2018, Ronald Jr. has amassed a slew of accolades, including Rookie of the Year, three Silver Slugger Awards, the Hank Aaron Award and Most Valuable Player. The four-time All-Star was also part of the Atlanta Braves World Series winning team in 2021. Now, his siblings are hoping to follow in his footsteps.
The Acuñas hail from La Sabana, a small seaside town located approximately 65 miles east of Caracas, Venezuela, and home to an estimated 6,000 people. The tiny coastal town has also produced several baseball players, including their father, Ronald Sr. and other multiple Acuña descendents.
Naturally, the brothers draw comparisons to their famous older brother, but Ronald Jr. encourages them to focus on their respective games and exercise patience.
When asked about Luisangel’s skills, the reigning NL MVP told The Dallas Morning News through an interpreter in 2023, “My brother is more advanced and better than I was at his age. Maybe I was as talented, but not as advanced.”
“I don’t think he’s trying to be like me at all. And I’ve always said that to him as well,” Ronald added in a follow-up interview with the New York Post a month later. “I’ve always said that he’s a better player than I am. He’s a tremendous talent. He doesn’t need to be like me at all.”
Here’s everything to know about Ronald Acuña Jr.'s brothers — Luisangel, Bryan and Kenny — and their relationship with the fellow MLB star.
Michael Reaves/Getty
Ronald Jr. is the oldest of the four brothers: He was born on Dec. 18, 1997, to Ronald Acuña Sr. and Leonelis Blanco.
Luisangel followed on March 12, 2002, but doesn’t share the same mother with Ronald Jr.
The third brother, Bryan, was born to Ronald Sr. and Keila Escobar in Manchester, New Hampshire, on Aug. 11, 2005.
Ronald Sr. and Keila also welcomed Kenny in April 2009. While less is known about him, he's still active on social media, where he enjoys cheering on his older siblings.
Luisangel Acuna Instagram 
Ronald Jr. is the most recognizable of the Acuña brothers, but each boasts athletic talents.
Luisangel is a shortstop in the New York Mets minor league system. He was originally tapped to join the Braves before the team became embroiled in an international signing scandal, which derailed those plans.
Meanwhile, Bryan is currently an infielder in the Minnesota Twins organization. When he signed with the team in 2022, his parents and Kenny were by his side and two years later, he's still working on his skills in the field.
As for Kenny, the Philadelphia Phillies reportedly verbally agreed to a deal with Ronald Jr.'s youngest brother in 2024. However, Kenny is still underage and is not eligible to sign up for the international free agent class until January 2028.
For the majority of his professional career, Ronald Sr. played in the minor leagues. The outfielder was a part of the farm systems of the Mets, Toronto Blue Jays and Milwaukee Brewers for eight years, but he only advanced up to the Double-A League.
In addition, he represented Venezuela at the 2011 Pan American Games.
Ronald Sr. has lamented his own lack of discipline in his career and advised his sons to avoid his past mistakes.
“I had talent. I knew how to play baseball,” Ronald Sr. shared in an interview with La Vida Baseball in 2018. “But I never cared about lifting weights. Nor did I have the best attitude on the field. Those two mistakes cut short my career. Otherwise, I would have made it.”
He continued, "Ronald Jr. will be a major league star. Besides having much more power, he’s also more talented and disciplined than I ever was.”
Michael Reaves/Getty ; Ben Ludeman/Texas Rangers/Getty
Ronald is a few years older and two to three inches taller than his younger brother, but they share similarities.
In August 2023, a clip went viral on X (formerly known as Twitter), showing the two ballplayers’ nearly identical swings. The side-by-side comparison showed similar hand placements and leg kicks before making contact with the ball.
Shortly after, Ronald acknowledged the striking parallels. “I think we’re going to have a great rivalry just because there are so many parts of our game that are similar,” the Braves outfielder told reporters through a translator.
“Watching him play feels like watching myself play to be honest. ... The only main difference is he’s on the infield.”
Luisangel Acuna Instagram 
Ronald unanimously won the NL MVP award in 2023, becoming the third Venezuelan to do so. He was also the first of his countrymen to achieve this accolade in the National League.
Luisangel was on hand when his older brother received the award at the Baseball Writers’ Association of America dinner held in New York City in January 2024. The previous summer, Luisangel spoke about the impact his all-star brother had on his own career.
“I want to get to that level, the one that my brother’s at,” he told MLB.com through an interpreter in August 2023. “Everything he does is super impressive.”
Luisangel continued, “I look up to my brother. I’ve obviously learned a lot from him being a superstar in the game. I consider him being a part of my career because he’s always been there for me.”
Brace Hemmelgarn/Minnesota Twins/Getty 
Grammy winner and Puerto Rican native Bad Bunny started his sports management company, Rimas Sports, in 2023 to represent Latin American athletes in several areas, including financial advising, brand marketing, public relations and agent management.
Players Santiago Espinal, Yonathan Daza, Ezequiel Tovar and several other prospects are part of the Rimas roster. In June 2024, the agency announced that they signed Bryan to a marketing deal.
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.