The New York Boricua demonstrated once again that he's the king of modern salsa. ¡Ale, ale, ale!

													By
												

	Isabela Raygoza

Associate Editor, Billboard Español

Marc Anthony presented the world premiere of his newest single “Ale Ale” at the Latin American Music Awards 2024, ahead of the release of his long-awaited album. And with its “ale, ale, ale” hook, it already sounds like a summer anthem.

	Hands down, the New York Boricua demonstrated once again that he’s the king of modern salsa, and one of the best vocalists of the night as of yet.

	Sporting all black, including an elegant long-sleeve button-up adorned with leather straps, and his signature sunglasses, the salsa revivalist and Latin music icon looked like a rockero, and basked in the glory of roaring fans invigorated with the festive rhythms of the new song. 

	










	Meanwhile, the audience raised flags from different countries, in celebration of unity and Latin pride. 

	The 2024 Latin American Music Awards took place Thursday, April 25, live from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas via Univision. 

	Hitmakers Feid and Peso Pluma lead this year’s list of nominations with 12 nods each. The Colombian singer and Mexican star, who are up for the coveted artist of the year award and album of the year award, are followed by top nominees Bad Bunny (11), Grupo Frontera (11), Karol G (9), Shakira (9), Eslabon Armado (8) and Fuerza Regida (8). 

	Thalia, Becky G, Alejandra Espinoza and Carlos Ponce co-hosed the award ceremony that presented in a combination of English and Spanish, marking the first time any major U.S. award show featured a bilingual broadcast.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.