ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT

DETROIT LAKES
    
       — For about a month now, Danish recycled materials artist Thomas Dambo and his creative team have been in Detroit Lakes, working hard to prepare what has become Dambo's largest public exhibition of troll sculptures to date, known as "Alexa's Elixir."
"You can measure everything in different ways," said Dambo during a media preview of three different troll sculpture sites on Thursday, June 6. "But here we have done the most separate installations ... there are nine different sculptures. And also, the tallest one that I've ever done is here." 
ADVERTISEMENT
That troll, known as Long Leif (pronounced as "long life") was one of the three that were on the media preview tour on Thursday. Standing 36 feet tall, Long Leif was named after a friend; Dambo explained that many of his trolls are named after friends and mentors who have helped him along his journey to becoming a full-time artist.
"I'm self taught," Dambo said in response to a reporter's question about his artistic background, but as he also noted during the tour, he has had a lot of help along the way. 
For instance, to get the five giant trolls, three mirror portals, and one "super secret" golden rabbit ready for the exhibition's planned unveiling on Monday, June 10, Dambo and his crew of 17 artists have employed a legion of nearly 400 volunteers to assist them on various aspects of the project. 
On Thursday, June 6, Dambo gave a handful of area media representatives a preview of three different "Trolls in DL" sites — including the one housing the golden rabbit, which has been kept under wraps so tightly that the artist required his media guests to surrender their cell phones (to ensure that no GPS tracking could be used) and sign non-disclosure agreements.
He explained that the intent behind the secrecy is to make the hunt for the rabbit into an adventure for "troll hunters," who must follow the clues that have been left at the other eight sculpture sites in order to discover the rabbit's location. 
"My exhibition here, it's about a fairy tale," Dambo explained, noting that the "bad bunny" in this fairy tale "is hiding somewhere far away that's really, really hard to find. You can only find it if you can solve a riddle."
He also revealed that the key to solving the riddle lies in the book that is located at the City Park, where the troll known as Alexa now resides. That site is the starting point of the troll hunting adventure, for which Dambo has crafted the tale of "Alexa's Elixir." 
ADVERTISEMENT
In this tale, Alexa has come to Detroit Lakes with her magical wagon to craft an elixir that she will use to cure those who have been cursed by the golden rabbit.
Dambo and his crew will be in Detroit Lakes until Monday, when there will be a Chamber of Commerce ribbon cutting at the City Park sculpture site at 11 a.m. 
Though they will be unable to attend the ribbon cutting, Dambo did speak at the park on Friday after the completion of the Alexa sculpture. 
The crew is already off on their next troll building adventure; Dambo noted last week that he is planning on completing roughly two dozen troll sculptures at various sites in the United States this year.
"My goal is to (eventually) have (at least) one in every state," he said.
If he completes all of his planned sculptures in the U.S. this year, Dambo added, he will have trolls in 19 different states; he already has them in 17 other countries around the globe. 
"Over the last decade, I've built 138 giant recycled sculptures in 17 countries and 19 American states — all across the world," he said of the troll project.
ADVERTISEMENT
For fans to discover the approximate locations of them all, Dambo explained, he has crafted a "Troll Map" at his website, 
    
      thomasdambo.com
    
       (click on the Troll Map link at the top of the page). The website also contains information about his other public art projects.
The artist also said on Thursday that one of the biggest projects for the nearly 400 volunteers employed at the nine different local sites over the past four weeks has been the construction of 600-plus birdhouses, painted purple and yellow, that will be used to decorate the sites in unexpected ways. Birdhouses were Dambo's first foray into public art more than 10 years ago, as he revealed to attendees at an 
    
      artist talk
    
       he did at Detroit Lakes' Historic Holmes Theatre on May 21 (information on Dambo's birdhouses is available at the website as well). 
On Thursday, he gave a little more insight into his reasons for choosing trolls as a theme for his giant sculptures. 
"I think there are two reasons for why I like stories and fairy tales," Dambo said. "And one is that my mother always used to make up stories and tell them to me as a child. And she would read me different stories about trolls and the Vikings and Nordic mythology and like that. 
"The trolls, they come from Scandinavia," he continued. "So there is just a lot of children's literature and children's TV that has trolls in it. And we have an amusement park (in Denmark) that's named after a troll. ... But then also I come from this city where the Danish poet Hans Christian Andersen comes from."
Dambo also talked about how he used to perform as a rapper, and he and his fellow performers would get somewhat annoyed because "everybody in our city would always talk about the old poet (Andersen). What about us? We are the new poets."
All of these different aspects of his childhood and early career as a rapper led to Dambo's deep appreciation for storytelling and fairy tales, he said. 
ADVERTISEMENT
This weekend, Dambo and his crew will be busy putting the finishing touches on the nine sculpture sites in preparation for Monday's reveal. 
In addition to the June 11 ribbon cutting at the Detroit Lakes City Park, another one is planned for the troll sculpture located at Frazee's Wannigan Park. That event will take place at 4 p.m. on Tuesday, June 18. 
Dambo's "Trolls in DL" public art installation has been sponsored by local nonprofit Project 412, whom Dambo warmly thanked during Thursday's tour. For more information on their involvement with the installation, visit 
    
      project412mn.org.

ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT