Filed under:
Your Saturday morning dose of New York Mets and MLB news, notes, and links.
If you buy something from an SB Nation link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.
Joel Sherman writes the Mets adventures in London is ultimately a business trip.
Francisco Lindor and the Mets are ready for the two game London Series.
J.D. Martinez was the organizing force for the Mets to see the sights across the pond.
Daniel Murphy beat Chase Utley in a Home Run Derby yesterday in London.
Top prospect Jett Williams had wrist surgery on Friday and could return to play some time in August.
The Mets plan to try Brett Baty at second base in the near future.
Francisco Alvarez’s return from the IL is likely delayed due to Alvarez returning to Venezuela due to a family matter.
Kodai Senga is set to throw a bullpen at the beginning of next week.
The Phillies acquired Buddy Kennedy from the Rangers.
Ranger Suarez will start for the Phillies today.
The Marlins beat the Guardians and ended a four game losing streak in the process.
The Nationals beat the Braves, 2-1.
Juan Soto was not in the Yankees lineup on Friday night but his MRI on his left forearm only revealed inflammation. 
The National League Wild Card appears to be somewhat wide open through the first two months of the season.
The MLBPA told a judge this week that Bad Bunny’s sport agency committed violations including offering concert and NBA tickets to players they did not represent.
Another Friday means another This Week in Mets Quotes from Joe Sokolowski.
In honor of the London Series, Chris McShane had some fun imagining the Mets as a Premier League team.
Chris McShane previewed the two game series in London as well.
A new episode of Flushing is Burning dropped!
The Mets picked Nolan Ryan on this date in the first ever MLB draft.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.