By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:41, 31 October 2024   |  Updated:  03:48, 31 October 2024   
 324
View  comments
Selena Gomez was the latest star who responded to Tony Hinchcliffe's controversial joke about Puerto Rico at Donald Trump's recent rally.
The actress, 32, said she 'strongly disagreed with any comments that were made recently' in an interview with Variety, after the comedian compared Puerto Rico to a 'floating island of garbage.'
Selena, who was born in Texas and who has family of Mexican descent, added, 'I definitely want to stand by my people.'
The star recently shared a video of herself submitting her ballot. She explained she posted the clip because 'people can sometimes forget that the one vote can change everything.'
Her Emilia Perez co-star, Zoe Saldaña, 46, whose mother is Puerto Rican, also shared her thoughts on Hinchcliffe's remark.
Selena Gomez, 32, was the latest star who responded to comedian Tony Hinchcliffe's joke about Puerto Rico at Donald Trump's recent Madison Square Garden rally; seen October 28
Gomez, 32, said she 'strongly disagreed' with the comments in an interview with Variety, after Hinchcliffe (pictured) compared Puerto Rico to a 'floating island of garbage'
'It's sad that today, 2024, there’s just so much poverty in character on so many people that we misname as leaders. We have to pick leaders that really represent who we are as human beings.'
On Monday, Gomez dropped off her official election envelope in a mail box on the way to the premiere of Wizards Beyond Waverly Place in Los Angeles.
She even accessorized her mesmerizing red sequin Rodarte gown with a coordinating clutch that featured her 'I Voted' sticker on it.
'ITS TIME TO GO VOTE!!!' she reminded her more than 58.2 TikTok followers.
This marks her second time voting in a presidential election as she admitted in 2020 that she previously felt her vote didn't matter as a Democrat living in a blue state.
'Honestly, I’m not ashamed to say this but I kind of—this was my first time,' she told Vogue, at the time. 'And I’m going to say that, because I've never felt — and this is so true, and I'm now admitting it to people — like my vote counts. Every vote counts. Some people get in their head, and they're like, "Oh, well what does it matter?"'
While poking fun at celebrity Democrats, Hinchcliffe's offbeat remark sparked major backlash.
Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny and Ricky Martin were among a number of stars to throw their support behind Harris after Hinchcliffe said during Trump's raucous Madison Square Garden rally on Sunday: 'There's literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. I think it's called Puerto Rico.'
The actress, who was born in Texas and who has family of Mexican descent, added, 'I definitely want to stand by my people'; pictured October 29 in Los Angeles
Her Emilia Perez co-star, Zoe Saldaña, whose mother is Puerto Rican, also shared her thoughts on Hinchcliffe's remark, telling Variety: 'It's sad that today, 2024, there’s just so much poverty in character on so many people that we misname as leaders'
Gomez recently shared a video of herself submitting her ballot. She explained she posted the clip because 'people can sometimes forget that the one vote can change everything'
She dropped off her official election envelope in a mail box on the way to the premiere of Wizards Beyond Waverly Place in Los Angeles on Monday
This marks her second time voting in a presidential election as she admitted in 2020 that she previously felt her vote didn't matter as a Democrat living in a blue state; seen October 21
The joke received a tepid response from the crowd, and widespread condemnation from Democrats, Republicans and even Trump's own campaign. A series of Puerto Rican stars responded by endorsing Harris and sharing her plans for the U.S. territory.
Martin, the Puerto Rican superstar with 18.6 million followers on Instagram, quickly shared a video of Harris's appeal to Puerto Rican voters, along with a clip of Hinchcliffe's disparaging remarks.
'This is what they think of us,' Martin wrote in Spanish. 'Vote for @kamalaharris.'
Lopez shared the same video and multiple slides showing Harris' Puerto Rico policy to 250 million followers.
The video shared by Bad Bunny on Instagram shows Harris saying 'there's so much at stake in this election for Puerto Rican voters and for Puerto Rico.' A representative of the artist confirmed that Bad Bunny is supporting Harris.
The artist then shared another part of the clip where Harris says, 'I will never forget what Donald Trump did and what he did not do when Puerto Rico needed a caring and a competent leader.'
New York rapper Fat Joe wrote: 'The man threw towels at you and blocked financial aid in Hurricane Maria and you Boris think he's your guy WAKE UP VOTE!!!!!!! This is what he really thinks about you.'
Two Florida Republicans joined the condemnation for the joke, including Senator Rick Scott.
'This joke bombed for a reason. It's not funny and it's not true. Puerto Ricans are amazing people and amazing Americans! I've been to the island many times. It's a beautiful place,' Scott wrote.
Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny and Ricky Martin were among a number of stars to throw their support behind Harris after Hinchcliffe's remark; Lopez seen October 26
Lopez shared the same video and multiple slides showing Harris' Puerto Rico policy to 250 million followers
Bad Bunny also shared a clip of Harris, with his representative confirming he is supporting her in the 2024 election
Martin, the Puerto Rican superstar with 18.6 million followers on Instagram, quickly shared a video of Harris's appeal to Puerto Rican voters, along with a clip of Hinchcliffe's remarks
'Everyone should visit! I will always do whatever I can to help any Puerto Rican in Florida or on the island.'
Congresswoman Maria Salazar wrote: 'Disgusted by @TonyHinchcliffe's racist comment calling Puerto Rico a "floating island of garbage." This rhetoric does not reflect GOP values.'
'Puerto Rico sent 48,000+ soldiers to Vietnam, with over 345 Purple Hearts awarded. This bravery deserves respect,' she added. 'Educate yourself!
The normally pugnacious Trump campaign took the rare step of distancing itself from Hinchcliffe.
'This joke does not reflect the views of President Trump or the campaign,' senior adviser Danielle Alvarez said in a statement.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group