By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Katy Perry is one of the Met Gala’s most-notable fixtures. Having attended nine times since 2009, the singer has never shied away from pushing the fashion envelope. And while footwear often remains hidden for most celebrities walking the red carpet, Perry puts her shoes on display. While she skipped last year and is currently on The Lifetimes World Tour so it’s up in the air whether or not she will attend, the “Woman’s World” singer has given fans so many standout moments to look back on in her absence.
Like in 2019, for instance, when she dressed up as a real-life chandelier. Perry wore a crystal-covered minidress with a full-sized chandelier attached to it — complete with candles — in an outfit  designed by Jeremy Scott for Moschino. For her heels, she wore crystal-embellished, silver mules. 

 











			Watch on FN		




Related Stories Kylie Jenner’s Met Gala Shoe Moments Over the Years: Gianvito Rossi, Jimmy Choo and More Katy Perry Models Head-to-Toe KNWLS Look to Promote Upcoming Tour and Talk Space Travel on Sirius XM’s ‘The Morning Mash Up’ in Las Vegas 
Later that evening, Perry took her look further and dressed as a cheeseburger for the Met Gala after-party, wearing another design by Moschino. She paired the look with sneakers from her own Katy Perry Collections label. Dubbed the Munchie, the shoes were made to resemble burgers, with lettuce, tomato, ketchup and mustard trim, and an upper that looks like a sesame seed bun.
“I decided once you show up as a cheeseburger to the Met and conquer the theme of ‘camp,’ you can do anything! I feel like that is peak,” Perry told FN in her June 2022 FN cover story. “We all know that women are not just one thing. That goes for me with my fashion personality. I’ve taken a satirical approach to fashion. I’ve always had fun with it, I’ve never taken it too seriously.”
Another major Met Gala shoe moment for the star came in 2018. The “Firework” singer wowed in  dramatic Versace look that came with angel thigh-high golden boots, matching her gold and crystal, chain-linked minidress.
For her most recent Met Gala appearance, which came in 2022, Perry wore a custom one-shouldered black-and-white Oscar de la Renta gown accented in black floral lace and chiffon with sheer gloves, paired with clear Aquazzura So Nude PVC leather sandals.

 









“I wanted to take it somewhat seriously,” Perry said. “I wanted to be more modern, to almost look like the underpinnings of the era, as if you took one of those dresses and X-rayed it. I think it was a step in the right direction and it kept people guessing. It’s about keeping people on the edge of their seats and surprising them.”
In 2017, Perry was one of the night’s co-chairs for the Met Gala’s “Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons: Art of the In-between” theme. She wore a custom Maison Margiela dress, designed by John Galliano, which she paired with the house’s iconic Tabi shoes. 
At the “Punk: Chaos to Couture”-themed Met Gala in 2013, Perry put her heels on display yet again. This time around, she wore head-to-toe Dolce & Gabanna, featuring gold, block-heeled shoes.
And for her Met Gala debut, Perry opted for gold peep-toe platform Christian Louboutins paired with a blue, Tommy Hilfiger gown. 
Keep scrolling for more of Perry’s Met Gala looks through the years. 
On Monday, the 2025 Met Gala will take place at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York in celebration of the Costume Institute’s new exhibition, “Superfine: Tailoring Black Style,” which explores the history and significance of Black sartorial style. The exhibition is scheduled to run from May 10 through October 26, 2025, at The Met Fifth Avenue. The theme for the 2025 Met Gala, which celebrates the opening of the exhibition, is “Tailored for You.”

 









Pharrell Williams, Colman Domingo, Lewis Hamilton, A$AP Rocky, and Anna Wintour will each co-chair the event.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.