By
			
			Hamish Woodward		

Despite what you have been led to believe, John Cena wasn’t really naked at the Oscars.
The 16-time WWE Champion appeared on the award show to present an Oscar. Ironically, his role was to announce the winner of the Best Costume Design, which was one by Poor Things.
During the event, Cena shuffled onto the stage with the golden envelope covering his private parts. 
He looked totally naked. However, he was eventually fashioned a toga out of curtains, to allow him to continue presenting the award.
The joke was that he was supposed to streak across the stage. An argument with host Jimmy Kimmel soon put an end to the bit.
Cena claimed that he did not want to go streaking, which was the plan, because he did not want to get judged. He also proclaimed “the male body is not a joke”!
This brought a huge laugh from the audience, and is one of the most shared moments from the award show. Some might even be unaware that Cena’s bit was a spoof of a streaker from the 1974 Oscars ceremony. 
The former WWE Champion was not actually naked though. Backstage photos from the event showed that Cena was ALMOST fully naked, but his most delicate areas were covered by a skin-colored cloth.
Cena wore just the modesty cover and a pair of sandals when presenting the Oscar, which must be a first in the 96 years of the awards.
An almost-naked John Cena wasn’t the only wrestler to appear on stage at the Oscars.
WWE legend The Rock and artist-turned-wrestler Bad Bunny appeared together to present on stage. The pair teamed up to present the award for Best International Feature Film. This award was given to Jonathan Glazer for The Zone of Interest.
As confirmed on the March 8 episode of WWE SmackDown, The Rock will return to the ring at WrestleMania 40, as he will team up with Roman Reigns to face Cody Rhodes and Seth Rollins at WrestleMania 40.
Meanwhile, Cena is not currently wrestling on the show, although he did reveal that is free on the day of WrestleMania 40.
Hamish Woodward is a freelance writer and wrestling fan from Wales, and has been covering the sport full-time since 2021.
He graduated from Swansea University in 2018, and has written for a number of online publications since then.
Share article