Fashion icons and celebrities from across the globe will be getting dressed to the nines as they prepare for the biggest night in the fashion industry. 


  Vogue hosts the 2024 Met Gala which always takes place on the first Monday in May with a new theme every year. 


  The night promises to present spectacular outfits, iconic pop culture moments and no doubt some fashion failures too. 


  Although the Met Gala takes place in New York City, the event is popular worldwide and if you can watch part of the event from the UK, here is everything you need to know from the theme, guest list and how to watch. 


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Vogue (@voguemagazine)






A post shared by Vogue (@voguemagazine)


  The Met Gala is also known as the Costume Institute Benefit or the Met Ball and is simply a luxurious charity event held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. 


  It first started back in 1948 as a simple dinner founded by fashion publicist Eleanor Lambert. 


  But it later became the gala by former US Vogue editor Diana Vreeland and is now in the hands of the current editor Anna Wintour who has led the magazine since 1995. 


  The fundraiser marks the opening of the Costume Institute's exhibitions that open to the public after the gala. 


  Every year the event raises millions by selling tickets that cost nearly £35,000 or an entire table for between £200,000 to £300,000.


  The Met Gala takes place every year on the first Monday of May with this year being held on May 6.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by The Metropolitan Museum of Art (@metmuseum)






A post shared by The Metropolitan Museum of Art (@metmuseum)


  The theme for the 2024 Met Gala's exhibit is 'Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion'.


  It's inspired by items that are too fragile ever to be worn again with the Met's exhibit displaying 250 historical pieces.


  Describing the exhibit, the Met shares: "The exhibition will breathe new life into these storied objects through creative and immersive activations designed to convey the smells, sounds, textures, and motions of garments that can no longer directly interact with the body."


  The co-chairs or hosts of the Met Gala 2024 were announced back in February by Vogue.


  Joining Anna Wintour as co-chairs will be, actress Zendaya, singer Jennifer Lopez, actor Chris Hemsworth and singer Bad Bunny.


  There will also be two honorary chairs with the creative director of Loewe Jonathan Anderson and TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Vogue (@voguemagazine)






A post shared by Vogue (@voguemagazine)


  This year's dress code for the Met Gala is 'The Garden in Time' inspired by the novella of the same name by  JG Ballard.


  The story, written in 1962 tells the story of Count Axel and his wife, the Countess who live in an unarmed paradise that overlooks gardens filled with magical flowers and crystals.


  With the garden at risk of being invaded by a furious mob, the Count takes matters into his own hands and uses every time-reversing flower, seeing the Count and Countess lay in a bed of thorny poisonous flowers in a derelict estate.


  Vogue will be hosting a live stream for the event to see all the A-listers' red-carpet arrival and exclusive interviews. 


  The live stream will be available on the Vogue Youtube Channel and its TikTok account with Gwendoline Christie, La La Anthony and Ashley Graham as hosts.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.