The outfits that shutdown the red carpet at this year's Met Gala
It's officially the first Monday in May which means one thing: the Met Gala is here!! The event celebrates the Costume Institute of the Metropolitan Museum of Art's annual fashion exhibition, which this year has the theme “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion". The most important fashion event of the year, the 2024 Met Gala will see celebrities from the worlds of fashion and entertainment interpret the dress code "The Garden of Time".  
Still scratching your head about what sort of outfits to expect? We don't blame you, the theme and dress code are confusing AF. So much so, Anna Wintour actually apologised! Too late now, let's hope the A-List looked to the Costume Institute's exhibition theme for inspo, which the Met's head curator Andrew Bolton has clarified is "very much an ode to nature and the emotional poetics of fashion." This means one thing: florals for Spring!
The star-studded event also has a series of VIP co-chairs. This year, it's the turn of Bad Bunny, Chris Hemsworth, Jennifer Lopez and Zendaya, who we just know will bring the fashion heat. Alongside the likes of Pamela Anderson and Ayo Edebiri making their Met Gala debut.
Given that previous iterations of the ball have birthed iconic fashion moments such as Kim Kardashian rocking up in Marilyn Monroe's vintage dress and Rihanna wearing an iconic, avant-garde Comme des Garçons gown, we're more than a little bit excited to see what is in store for us fashion fans. You can bet naked dresses will most definitely be on the cards.
As the evening progresses we'll be giving you the lowdown on all the major fashion moments from the Met Gala red carpet. Enjoy! 
In  Maison Margiela Couture.
In Schiaparelli Couture.
In Maison Margiela Artisanal Couture.
In Tom Ford.
In Jean Paul Gaultier.
In Ludovic de Saint Sernin. 
In Balmain.
In Luar.
In Erdem.
In Versace.
In Alaïa.
In Loewe.
In Thom Browne.
In Diesel.
In a custom Marni nude bodysuit and beaded overlay.
In Balmain.
In Diesel.
In Marc Jacobs.
In archival Givenchy.
In Maison Margiela.
Megan Wallace (they/them) is Cosmopolitan UK’s Former Sex and Relationships Editor covering sexual pleasure, sex toys, LGBTQIA+ identity, dating and romance. They have covered sexuality and relationships for over five years and are the founder of the PULP zine, which publishes essays on culture and sex. In their spare time, they can be found exploring the London kink scene and planning dates on Feeld. 
Alexandria Dale is the Digital Fashion Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from the celebrity style moments worth knowing about to the latest fashion news, there’s nothing she loves more than finding a high street dupe of a must-have designer item. As well as discovering new brands, she’s passionate about sustainable fashion and establishing the trends that are actually worth investing in. Having worked in fashion journalism for six years, she has experience at both digital and print publications including Glamour and Ok! 
Why Blake and Ryan are skipping the 2025 Met Gala
Is this why Tom Holland missed the Met Gala?
The best Met Gala after party fashion
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Dove Cameron's Met Gala dress is a floral dream
Ayo Edebiri's floral Met Gala gown is beautiful
Rita Ora's Met Gala look is basically naked
 Anna Wintour apologises for 2024 Met Gala theme
Pam just wore makeup for the first time in months!
Tyla, Pam & more wow at their first ever Met Gala
Butt-skimming hair was *the* trend @ the Met Gala
Cara is a sparkly spaceman at the 2024 Met Gala
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.