We’re here to “slay dragons” and hold power accountable, but we can’t do it alone. By contributing today, you ensure that independent journalism not only survives but thrives in Arkansas. 
Together, we can make a difference—join the fight. Re-subscribe today.
We’re here to “slay dragons” and hold power accountable, but we can’t do it alone. By contributing today, you ensure that independent journalism not only survives but thrives in Arkansas. 
Together, we can make a difference—join the fight. Re-subscribe today.
Not a subscriber yet? Get a full month of unlimited access for just $1. 
Arkansas Times

					Arkansas news, politics, opinion, restaurants, music, movies and art				
The Arkansas Times officially turns 50 this month, and our golden anniversary issue is on Central Arkansas newsstands now. It’s packed with curated archival material from the last 50 years, loosely arranged by decade. 
It’s intended to be neither a history of Arkansas nor the Times — instead, think of it as a scrapbook, with all the randomness that entails. Unless otherwise noted, all images below are from hard copies of the Arkansas Times published in the 1970s (or the Union Station Times, as the magazine was initially known). Without further ado, here’s the first installment in our by-the-decades tour of a half-century of the Arkansas Times.
***
When singer-songwriter Lucinda Williams — who once called Fayetteville home — first appeared in our pages, she had recently cut her debut LP, “Ramblin’ on My Mind,” made up exclusively of covers and traditionals. It wouldn’t be until the 1988 release of her self-titled album that the wider world took proper notice of Williams, but Arkansas Times writer Bruce Weigl knew he was witnessing something timeless and auspicious when he penned a profile of her for our September 1979 issue:
It is easy to get the blues for singer guitarist Lucinda Williams. She has the kind of deep, rough, sultry voice — the likes of Gertrude “Ma” Rainey, Ornette Coleman, Sippie Wallace and Bessie Smith — that has come to stand for the Blues. She recently played and sang through three nights, three sets a night at the White Water Tavern in Little Rock and demonstrated a command of material and a sense of audience well beyond her twenty-six years. Moving easily from the Delta Blues of Robert Johnson, to A.P. Carter’s Negro spiritual-rooted country, to finally her own slowed down version of Bob Dylan, Lucinda managed to captivate the loud, beer-drinking audience to the point of anticipation. Her own strong compositions, primarily country-folk songs, were also well-received and, before the night was over, requested. … 
Through her eight years of apprenticeship in small clubs and loud bars — those dark, smoky places where a truly dedicated and gifted musician can learn her craft — Lucinda Williams has developed a richly original style of Blues-folk-traditional-country music that is as basic as blood and as moving and important as the best American music has always been.
“New age whole food grocery” Beans and Grains and Things offered its organic produce and bulk herbs, nuts and seeds on Fair Park before settling in at The Village at Pleasant Valley Shopping Center on North Rodney Parham Road. It was purchased by Wild Oats, which was later acquired by Whole Foods. The building is a McFarland Eye Care clinic now, but if we close our eyes, we can almost smell the earthy, organic wafts of beans and grains and things.
Such was the name Mara Leveritt (then Margaret Arnold) gave to the “well-heeled” Little Rock professionals for whom “marijuana has replaced alcohol as an instrument of leisure and entertainment.” She profiled three anonymously in November 1977, including “Brian,” a successful real estate agent who was busted in a police sting in Clark County five years earlier but remained dedicated to weed. 
Brian considers himself a politically-oriented person and feels that a change is in the wind. “Marijuana is not the stigma in Little Rock that it was. The bigger it gets, the more loose it’s going to get.” … 
Brian believes there is a growing movement for reform of marijuana laws but that if repeal ever came, there might be some problems. How for instance, would the government establish quality controls once pot was legalized? Would there be bags or cartons labeled “Columbian,” “Maui Wowie” and “Plain Old Mexican”? Or would it be more along the lines of 80 or 100 proof? “You could do that,” he suspects, “but it would cost a lot of money to test every batch of marijuana.”
Brian doesn’t want marijuana to fall under the control of existing agencies like those handling alcohol and tobacco now because “there’s too much graft and corruption there.” Besides, there is something casual and friendly in the small-scale sale of marijuana. “Marijuana is still a friendly kind of thing. It’s still a Woodstock, flower-child thing. What people don’t realize,” he adds, “is that the young professional guys now, the suit and tie people — ten years ago they were the same ones with their hair down to their asses. And now everybody looks at them and thinks they’ve come around.”
The Arkansas Times adopted the catfish as its mascot in January 1977, with Publisher Alan Leveritt declaring it “Arkansas’s answer to the sophisticated [Playboy] bunny” and an ideal symbol for the state as a whole. Two months later, writer B.C. Hall made the case in full, in a story titled “The Catfish: King Of Rivers And Good Ole Boy.”
Arkansans would be a lot better off, more natural and true to form if we made the catfish our state symbol. Right now, no matter what anybody says, it’s the razorback who holds that spot. But you think about it: The catfish is just as ugly as the razorback — maybe even uglier — and he has a lot more personality, he can swim a whole lot better and he has far more taste. He’s not the subject or object of any such doggerel like “OOOOOO PIG SOOOOWEEEEE.” A hog might come running at such a behest, but a catfish? Never! He’d just tail back a little in his hole and sneer with benign contempt. Yes sir, the catfish is preferable all around with just about everybody, from good ole boys to agri-hips to pin-stripe businessmen who know how to eat escargo with shrimp forks but who go after that smoking-hot catfish with their fingers. The catfish is a being for all men and women and for all seasons.
Hall’s paean included the tale of a certain “Uncle Billy,” a man of 80 years “who lived in a tent on Lake Dardanelle, up around Delaware” and went fishing in a small boat every day. “Uncle Billy said that there was only one true fish to go after, the catfish,” Hall wrote …
So there Uncle Billy was one cold, gray morning, out in the middle of the lake, kind of slumped over, fishing pole in his hands, the boat cruising in crazy patterns, circling and circling. And somebody happened to think that there wasn’t a motor on Billy’s boat. They finally got in a motorboat and went out in the lake to see what the devil was going on with Billy. And they found him dead, frozen in his fishing position, his line taut. They had to pry his hands loose from his pole and when they at last landed the fish they found a monstrous catfish, still very much alive. The cat had been towing Uncle Billy all around the lake, and there was this really peaceful look, they said, on Uncle Billy’s face. 
That wouldn’t be a bad way to go at all.
The original Arkansas Times staff met for breakfast every morning at The Shack, a legendary barbecue institution on Third and Victory streets opened by the Slaughter family (who later opened H.B.’s Barbecue on Lancaster Road). 
“The smoked ham breakfast was amazing. That was the star of the show,” Publisher Alan Leveritt recalled recently. He’s pictured above (left), alongside Mara Leveritt (then known as Margaret Arnold, at center) and David Glenn (right). About nine months after launching the Times, “We were broke, owed a printing bill and were about to go out of business,” he says. “No one could or would sell an ad, so I went to Bill Terry, my friend and former wire editor at the [Arkansas] Democrat, and said, ‘You take my job as editor and I’ll go try to sell an ad.’” Terry agreed. “My first call was The Shack, and I sold a three-quarter page. The rest is history,” Leveritt said.
In 1975, Times writer David Glenn poked at the Christmas display at the Arkansas Capitol, which included a “plaster baby Jesus” installed on the marble steps. “In a state where Southern Baptism and other forms of fundamental Christianity dominate, maybe decorating the state Capitol for Christmas was as inevitable as the Sunday blue laws,” he conceded. “But with increasing attention being given to minority viewpoints, it may one day occur to the people in charge that there are some genuine Arkansans to whom Jesus is neither the son of God nor the savior of man and that the celebration of his birth might not be the best use of their tax dollars.”
Forty-nine years later, the Capitol grounds are home to a hulking  granite slab inscribed with the Ten Commandments, and anti-abortion zealots in the Legislature are working on a “monument to the unborn.” The Arkansas Times is still complaining about it.
A concert promoter lamented to Times writer David Glenn in 1976 that “hard, raunchy rock and roll” sells in Little Rock, while more “refined” artists such as “Joni Mitchell, Randy Neuman [sic] and Bruce Stringsteen [sic]” simply do not. (Copy editors were in short supply around the office at the time.) “We’ve tried to bring class entertainment to Little Rock, but it hasn’t worked because of lack of ticket support,” the promoter said. The cause, and the result, was the following, Glenn reported:
They’ve come to Barton Coliseum from all over the city and the state. Their faces are young; their hair is thick and long; they are dressed in patched jeans and gaily-colored T-shirts and they have come to hear their kind of music: the hard, heavy rock of ZZ Top, Styx, Aerosmith and Kiss. And whether you like it or not, this group of youngsters is setting the taste and style of music these days in Little Rock.
The result is that Little Rock is missing out on some of the best music in the country. Singers like Paul McCartney, groups like the Rolling Stones and other artistic bands by-pass Little Rock, looking for greener pastures elsewhere. A market just doesn’t exist for them here. There are a number of reasons: the small size and inaccessibility of Barton Coliseum, a past history of trouble at the coliseum and, perhaps more importantly, musical taste in a market dominated by the teeny bopper crowd. 
Put this on your time machine itinerary: In the ‘70s, Little Rock was home to at least two restaurants where you could catch a lunchtime belly dancing show while eating Mediterranean food. We have the ads to prove it.
What a time to be alive in Stifft Station. Pizza D’s delivered “the best pizza this side of New York City,” and next door you could score 75-cent cooked crabs for Monday Night Football at the Little Rock Oyster Bar.
The Sept. 5, 1974, inaugural issue of the Arkansas Times — then the Union Station Times — included this dispatch from Little Rock’s Oak Forest neighborhood. “Blockbusting” real estate interests targeted white families skittish about integration, convincing them to flee west and sell their homes at bargain-basement prices. Today, Oak Forest (which sits to the east and north of the UA Little Rock campus) remains racially diverse, according to U.S. Census data. Here’s reporter Fran Fulton:
Harry Barnes packed his heirlooms again in newspapers and talked of his plans to sell his house on Fair Park Boulevard. He is white. Across the street lives a black family, and the prospective buyers of his spacious home are black.
Oak Forest is slowly, almost unnoticeably, becoming integrated. But if the neighborhood follows the pattern of other mid-city housing, it will soon be deserted by the whites. The rows of neat homes with their tall shade trees may soon be discarded for newer, more prestigious suburbs to the west.
Their departures could be suddenly triggered by intense real estate activity, by the door-to-door solicitation that is known as blockbusting. This is what happened to Pine Forest, a neighborhood only a few blocks to the east, that changed its racial complexion almost overnight. To the edgy property owners in Oak Forest, it must have seemed a matter of time until the “For Sale” signs would begin to mushroom in their own neighborhood.
This hasn’t happened yet, largely due to the efforts of a group of property owners organized into an ACORN-affiliate, the Oak Forest Property Owners Association. The group, predominately white, formed about two years ago, welcomes the idea of blacks as neighbors, of opening up more much-needed moderately priced houses to blacks. They banded together to dissuade their neighbors from leaving en masse and to give them the option of selling their homes of their own free will, rather than being stampeded by real estate agents. 
The group has focused on “solicitation,” the door-to-door requests or telephone calls that come uninvited from salesmen and often serve to trigger mass panic. “The property owner is confronted with what is, in reality, a myth,” said Walter Nunn, the former chairman of the group. “He thinks that the value of the property will go down. The best way not to get caught, he thinks, is to sell first.”
Perhaps more than any other writer, Mara Leveritt has shaped the moral and political sensibilities of the Times over the decades. In 1978, Leveritt (then called Margaret Arnold) reported on the dispersal of outlying Black communities in Pulaski County as the Little Rock metro area “churns outward and generally westward” with growth. By the ’70s, West Rock, a community once nestled near the bottom of Cantrell Hill, was already a fading memory, a casualty of “urban renewal” and “slum clearance” policies. Other Black suburbs and hamlets further west were in developers’ crosshairs, Leveritt reported.
There’s not much to remind people of West Rock anymore. Like a number of similar black communities in Pulaski County, it has vanished. Today the property on which West Rock stood is owned by whites. Old Cantrell Road, formerly the heart of West Rock, is now lined with many stores and businesses whose wares, imported artichoke hearts, Mercedes Benzes and retirement real estate, are attractive to the rich. … 
The black property owners in West Rock, many of whom inherited the land from their grandparents who first settled it in the 1880s, were often too poor to maintain it and could not keep up the economic pace as the white population moved abreast of their community and eventually surrounded it. So long as the area was far enough removed from the city that it was of little economic interest to white Little Rock, its residents could live undisturbed in their poverty. But when the land in West Rock and other communities became economically viable — that is to say when the white developers wanted it and had the money to buy it — the picture changed. The result, in every case, has been the demolition of the area’s buildings and homes, the dispersion of its population and the change of property ownership from black to white hands.  …
Yesterday, it was West Rock; today it is the Crystal Hill area, a community of several square miles lying along the north bank of the Arkansas River west of North Little Rock. … Because of its prime location, as an integral community it is doomed. 
In the first half of the century, this riverside community was called Walker Bottoms, and all the land was owned and farmed by blacks. Back then it took two days to haul a wagon-load of cotton into North Little Rock, and four mules to carry it over Katie Mitchell Hill. Like so much about Walker Bottoms, the memory of Katie Mitchell, who she was or why she had a hill named for her, is lost. Now, it seems, what survives of the community is itself approaching a vanishing point.
Construction of Interstate 430 just east of the Bottoms in 1973 was the first of several changes to affect the area. It was followed in 1974 by the opening of a brand new city, Maumelle New Town, not more than a mile from the old community. Inevitably, the developers and investors bought up the land near the freeway, and today, signs have cropped up in numerous locations advertising land for sale for commercial use, land, as the real estate men say, which is “as hot as a firecracker” and already selling at $5,000 to $15,000 an acre …
Mrs. Eldora Brown, sitting on a kitchen chair under the trees in her front yard, sees what is coming and she is resigned. … “I can remember when this place (the community) was owned almost entirely by colored folks. Back then it was nothing but trees here, and all the people all up and down the road, were kin. If anybody’d told me back then they’d put a highway through here, I wouldn’t have believed it.” …
The integrity of still another predominately black area is being threatened by the city’s westward sprawl, a community of some 500 people that lies just beyond the Little Rock city limits and is known as Pankey. Pankey, like its sister area on Crystal Hill Road across the river, also holds a strategic real estate position — along Highway 10, not much more than a stone’s throw from the elite Pleasant Valley subdivision and just down the hill from the luxurious all-white Walton Heights development. It has survived so far only because it has remained outside the city limits. According to [Little Rock Housing Authority Director Bill] George, Pankey … is the kind of place “that just grew up, and then the city started to grow around it. Sooner or later, something is going to have to be done to upgrade that community.” … 
Obviously, blacks who have valuable property to sell in Pankey or along Crystal Hill Road will improve their financial conditions, and some of them will happily take the money and run. But this sudden financial improvement, some blacks say, is not all good. Jeffrey Hawkins, a black justice of the peace in Pulaski County, sees a loss for his race that outweighs individual economic gains. Poverty, he says, is “coercive,” if it forces a person to sell something he otherwise would not. It’s a bad deal for the black people as a whole even though the price is right for the individual.
The losses to blacks when communities are uprooted are both personal and political, Hawkins believes. “When you think of a neighborhood that’s been there for years, where the people have gotten used to one another, and then you scatter them …” This, he sees as an assault on black identity and on the will and ability to organize politically. Because blacks have been so dispersed over the years and forced to live in small, often isolated communities, they have been powerless politically to withstand the march of white progress.
The Hillcrest staple now called Leo’s Greek Castle has been around for more than 100 years, according to lore (and a 2010 Arkansas Times story). Back in the ’70s, though, it was called Leo’s Malt Shop and served “breakfast, plate lunches at noon, fried items like sandwiches, malts and ice cream snacks all day, and dinner until about 7 p.m.,” according to our first review in 1977, which doubled as a brief profile of owner Val Zachariah (pictured above):
Zachariah, a former newspaperman who was owner and editor (1958-1968) of the Booneville, Ark., Democrat, was born in San Francisco and came to Arkansas as a serviceman in World War II. He bought Leo’s in 1973, and whatever is the right kind of personality for being a successful restaurateur, Zachariah has it. He knows his customers by name and occupation, is respectful towards them, but not obsequious, diligent in seeing that they are served well, and in general has the kind of demeanor that makes you want to call him “Uncle Val.” But he doesn’t overdo it. Some restaurant owners, long-winded story-tellers unaware they suffer from acute logorrhea, join you for a meal and talk your ear off. Not Val. But if you want to talk, he’ll oblige … 
The atmosphere at Leo’s is not elegant … you are not paying for decor when you sit down for your meal. But the place does have intimacy, coming mostly from rather close quarters in the table arrangement. Zachariah recently spent about $5,000 expanding his place and can sit about 16 at the tables, plus there are four stools at the counter. A lot of customers know each other because they live and work in the neighborhood, and thus exists a camaraderie among the patrons that adds to the personality of the place. 
It only makes sense that the White Water Tavern was already advertising with us in December 1976, just three months after Paul Black and Mike Galbraith took over a decades-old bar called The Pitcher and renamed it. These days, it’s damn near impossible to find a single issue of the Arkansas Times that doesn’t include at least one mention of the storied music venue and home away from home for generations of Little Rockers. It’s the kind of place that’s survived three serious fires (two by the same arsonist), all the while hosting innumerable national legends and local favorites. The 1976 version of White Water that touted shuffleboard, pinball, dominoes and a “Star Trek happy hour” somehow doesn’t even feel that far away from the current incarnation, with its deep respect for all things vintage. Maybe that has something to do with the fact that White Water’s bar is made from the repurposed remains of the old shuffleboard table. 
In a time when critical voices are increasingly silenced, the Arkansas Times stands as a beacon of truth, tirelessly defending the fundamental rights and freedoms within our community. With Arkansas at the epicenter of a sweeping culture war affecting our libraries, schools, and public discourse, our mission to deliver unflinching journalism has never been more vital. We’re here to “slay dragons” and hold power accountable, but we can’t do it alone. By contributing today, you ensure that independent journalism not only survives but thrives in Arkansas. Together, we can make a difference — join the fight.
Get top news stories, highlights of local entertainment and breaking news in your inbox.
Founded 1974, the Arkansas Times is a lively, opinionated source for news, politics & culture in Arkansas. Our monthly magazine is free at over 500 locations in Central Arkansas.

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

Privacy Policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.