Liv Morgan and Raquel Rodriguez previously requested a tag team match against Meg and Cardi B.

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

	For years, WWE superstars and fans have requested that Megan Thee Stallion get involved with the company in some capacity. They got their wish this past week as she now lays claim to the Friday Night Smackdown theme song, and she teased that more could be on the way.

	This past Friday (Sept. 13), Smackdown returned to USA Network where it was previously broadcasted from 2016-2019. The 25-year-old weekly wrestling show debuted a new logo and opening video backed by a new theme song, the Houston artist’s “Neva Play” featuring RM of the popular K-pop group BTS.

	










	The official WWE X account shared the opening montage and the three-time Grammy winner quoted it, writing “*fire emojis* I think it’s finally time I make my debut lol #NEVAPLAY.” Check out the montage and tweet below.
???I think it’s finally time I make my debut lol #NEVAPLAY https://t.co/gihdCzkmaG

	This isn’t Megan Thee Stallion’s first interaction with the WWE or its superstars. In 2021, she took a photo with current WWE Women’s Tag Team champion Bianca Belair at Lollapalooza. In May 2023, former Women’s Tag Team champions Liv Morgan and Raquel Rodriguez called out Meg and Cardi B for a tag team match.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Megan Thee Stallion To Open "THEE LITTEST Popeyes Ever"		
			







	“I think Meg would be incredible,” Morgan said. “They’ve also been so active with us on Twitter and just responded to different things. Those two would be interesting to see in the ring. Us versus Cardi and Meg. Make it happen. I’m not gonna go easy on them, though. They look like they could take the titles: an Extreme Rules Match, Last Woman Standing Match. Let’s do all of it.”

	This past May, current Women’s Tag Team champion Jade Cargill referenced lyrics from the Hot Girl Summer leader’s 2022 track “Ungrateful” featuring Key Glock when she said, “We’re giving out work, come apply.” 
WWE Superstar, Jade Cargill references Megan Thee Stallion’s ‘Ungrateful’ after retaining the Women’s Tag Team Championship:“We're giving out work. Come apply” pic.twitter.com/zEWOWr20Zm

	The seeds have most certainly been planted for Megan Thee Stallion to make her presence felt in the squared circle or on WWE television, and given their recent crossovers with celebrities and artists, it is highly possible. In May, Sexyy Red debuted on WWE’s weekly developmental show NXT where she unveiled the NXT Women’s North American championship, announced she would be hosting their premium live event Battleground, and even got involved in a match between Trick Williams, Je’Von Evans, and Gallus.

	










	In the recent past, the WWE has synced records from Migos, The Weeknd, Future, NAV, Meek Mill, and more for their premium live events. Celebrities, artists, and athletes such as Logan Paul, Bad Bunny, Johnny Knoxville, Tyrese Haliburton, and Jalen Brunson have also gotten physically involved in the action. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.