The Colombian quartet performed new single "Faltas Tú."

													By
												

	Leila Cobo

Chief Content Officer Latin/Español, Billboard

	We can’t remember the last time anthemic pop/rock made it onto a Latin music awards show. But after watching Morat perform at the Latin AMAs 2024, all we can say is: Let’s bring on some more of this.

	The Colombian power quartet, who have been touring since the beginning of the year, performed their new single, the rousing “Faltas Tú,” released a month ago. Morat is is made up of childhood friends Juan Pablo Isaza (guitars and vocals), Juan Pablo Villamil (banjo and vocals) and brothers Simón Vargas (bass and choruses) and Martín Vargas (percussion and choirs). The four were rocking out to the fast-clipped “Me Faltas Tú,” reminiscent of ’90s arena rock.

	










	At a Latin AMAs edition dominated by Mexican corridos and urban beats, their music was like a salve, with the group reminding us that “Latin” comes in many genres.

	Morat, who recently finished the U.S. leg of their tour, will kick off their stadium tour June 21 in Madrid.

	The 2024 Latin American Music Awards took place Thursday, April 25, live from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas via Univision.

	Hitmakers Feid and Peso Pluma lead this year’s list of nominations with 12 nods each. The Colombian singer and Mexican star, who are up for the coveted artist of the year award and album of the year award, are followed by top nominees Bad Bunny (11), Grupo Frontera (11), Karol G (9), Shakira (9), Eslabon Armado (8) and Fuerza Regida (8). 

	Thalia, Becky G, Alejandra Espinoza and Carlos Ponce hosted the award ceremony in both English and Spanish, making this the first time a Latin music award show in the U.S. is fully bilingual.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.