Plus, Myke Towers picks up second top 10 on Tropical Airplay with "La Capi."

													By
												

	Pamela Bustios

Sr. Charts & Data Analyst (Latin & Billboard Español)

Ozuna adds a 34th No. 1 to his Billboard Latin Airplay chart history as “Baccarat” climbs 6-1 on the list (dated March 30).

	“Baccarat” leads the way on the 50-deep tally as the Greatest Gainer of the week thanks to a 26% increase in audience impressions, to 9.2 million, earned during the March 15-21 tracking week, according to Luminate.

	Among “Baccarat’s” biggest supporters during the tracking week, New York’s WSKQ (1.4 million) and WXNY (1.2 million) steer the ship, with KXOL in Los Angeles (1.1 million), coming in on second place.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Myke Towers		
					






















	
		
					Ozuna		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	As the Chris Jedi and Gaby Music-produced tune rises to No. 1 on Latin Airplay, Ozuna captures his 34th champ on the overall radio ranking, still the second-most leaders since the chart launched in 1994. Here’s a recap of the leaderboard, with Shakira being the only female representation among acts with at least 18 No. 1s::

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	36, J Balvin34, Ozuna32, Enrique Iglesias28, Daddy Yankee24, Bad Bunny24, Maluma22, Wisin21, Romeo Santos21, Shakira18, Ricky Martin

	“Baccarat” is one of the 15 tracks from Ozuna’s sixth-studio album, Cosmos (his seventh top 10 on Top Latin Albums), which reached No. 9 high last December. The song concurrently grants Ozuna his eighth champ on Latin Airplay as a soloist, unaccompanied by any other act, and first since “Deprimida” reached No. 1 in June 2022, for one week in charge.

	Elsewhere on the Latin radio rankings, Myke Towers’ “La Capi” takes the Hot Shot Debut of the week on Tropical Airplay, as the song opens at No. 7 with 2.3 million audience impressions during the tracking week.

	“La Capi,” released via One World International/ Warner Latina, grants independent label One World International its first top 10 on Tropical Airplay. Warner Latina, meanwhile, collects its first top 10 through a Towers’ entry.

	“La Capi” becomes Towers second entry on the tropical radio tally, after “Travesuras,” his collab with Nio García, Casper Mágico, Ozuna, Wisin & Yandel and Flow La Movie, which topped the chart for one week in 2021.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.