By TERRY ZELLER and EMMA POWELL FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:54, 31 July 2024   |  Updated:  09:21, 1 August 2024   
 42
View  comments
Taylor Swift's Eras Tour is set to make the pop superstar even richer, having already become the first tour to gross over $1 billion.
The 152-date concert series, in which Swift, 34, runs through hits from her 17-year career, is expected to surpass $2 billion by the end of its run in December, with the staggering per night receipts revealed by Variety on Wednesday. 
'One source close to the production said early in the Eras Tour era that her average gross each night is $14 million,' reported the outlet. 'Others believe that is a highly conservative estimate, with a possible total that on at least some nights edges closer to $17 million.'
This marks an increase from earlier Forbes reports, which estimated the figure to be between $10 and $13 million. 
Notably, this figure excludes revenue from inflated resale tickets, which have often sold for several times their original price. Swift opted not to profit from the scalping of her own tickets, which averaged around $230 and reached a maximum of $499, excluding VIP packages that topped out at $899.
Taylor Swift 's Eras Tour is set to make the pop superstar even richer, having already become the first tour to gross over $1 billion 
The concert series, in which Swift, 34, runs through hits from her 17-year career, is expected to surpass $2 billion by the end of its run in December, with the staggering per night receipts revealed by Variety on Wednesday
She’s on track to reach $2 billion, excluding resale inflation, and that doesn’t even account for the hundreds of millions made from merchandise. 
'She is the torchbearer for the live industry,' Pollstar editor Andy Gensler said of the Cardigan hitmaker to Variety. 'It’s nothing we’ve ever seen before, and it’ll be a long time before we see it again.'
He continued: 'Her timing was exquisite: The pandemic created this yearning and hunger for live entertainment like nothing else in our history, so she couldn’t have picked a better time to go out.' 
Additionally, the Eras Tour film, released last fall before the tour ended, grossed over $180 million domestically and $261 million worldwide, surpassing records set by Justin Bieber's concert film in the U.S. and Michael Jackson's globally, per Variety.
The major hiccup for The Eras Tour happened in November 2022 when Ticketmaster's system crashed due to overwhelming demand, causing delays for thousands of fans. 
Despite setting a record with 2 million tickets sold in a single day, the blame fell on the ticketing platform, not Swift herself. 
While she has had an incredibly successful year - between her 152-date Eras Tour and the release of The Tortured Poets Department - Taylor is already working on new music, which insiders now say could be released as early as next year.  
According to sources, the Cruel Summer singer has no plans for a lengthy break and is already working on new music for a 2025 release – and is also in talks to hit the road again in 2026, insiders claim.
Despite some of her fans, or 'Swifties,' voicing apparent fatigue over her constant chart domination and seemingly never-ending release of TTPD variants – of which there are currently 30 plus - Taylor is determined to keep the wheels turning on her lucrative success. 
Speaking to DailyMail.com, insiders have claimed she has been writing new material while on the road – which could see her address the controversy surrounding her alleged rivalry with Charli XCX.
‘Taylor is working on a new record which is due out in 2025 followed by a new tour in 2026,’ an insider told DailyMail.com. ‘She is heavily inspired by all the new experiences she is having on the Eras tour and has been quietly writing songs backstage.
Notably, this figure excludes revenue from inflated resale tickets, which have often sold for several times their original price 
Swift opted not to profit from the scalping of her own tickets, which averaged around $230 and reached a maximum of $499, excluding VIP packages that topped out at $899
‘Contrary to what some say, she loves artists like Charli XCX so those who have heard some of the ideas say she is paying attention to what is hot right now and will use that as inspiration.’
Taylor’s TTPD – her 11th studio album – has maintained the No.1 position on the Billboard 200 chart since its release on April 19. A double album edition titled The Anthology, which contained 15 bonus tracks, was surprise-released digitally two hours later.
However, some critics have suggested her chart success could be a result of the periodic release of variant and extended editions to keep sales and streaming figures high.
In total, she has now put out 37 versions in two months.
Meanwhile, Swift is likely to bring in more than $2 billion over the span of the tour.
Worldwide, Swift’s tour was followed by Beyonce in second, Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band in third, Coldplay in fourth, Harry Styles in fifth, followed by Morgan Wallen, Ed Sheeran, Pink, The Weeknd and Drake.
In North America, there was a similar top 10: Swift, followed by Beyonce, Morgan Wallen, Drake, P!nk, Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band, Ed Sheeran, George Strait, Karol G and RBD.
According to their estimates, Pollstar predicts a big 2024 for Swift as well. The magazine projects the Eras Tour will once again reach $1 billion (£799 million) within their eligibility window. That means Swift is likely to bring in more than $2 billion (£1.5 billion) over the span of the tour
Swift at the London premiere of RENAISSANCE: A Film By Beyonce on November 30, 2023 in London
Earlier this week, Swift was named Time Magazine’s Person of the Year
Beyond Swift, 2023 was a landmark year for concert sales: worldwide, the top 100 tours of the year saw a 46% jump from last year, bringing in $9.17 billion (£7.31 billion) compared with 2022’s $6.28 billion (£5.06 billion).
Last November, Swift was named Time Magazine’s Person of the Year.
Around the same time, Apple Music named her its artist of the year.
Spotify also revealed she was 2023’s most-streamed artist globally, raking in more than 26.1 billion streams since January 1 and beating Bad Bunny’s three-year record.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group