Our latest roll call of Seattle bar openings includes a fancy French spot and a place focusing on natural wines. The list also includes a drinking den that defies any category. But this Capitol Hill hot spot is good fun, headed by two guys who obviously don’t take themselves or the craft cocktail scene too seriously. More details below.
More
1801 E. Olive Way, Seattle (Capitol Hill); thewashseattle.com
This bar looks like a grotto adorned with hearts and fake furs, an intentionally cheesy love nest where the main floor is outfitted with shiny, Naugahyde-like booths and there’s a giant disco ball overhead. The color scheme screams neon pink and red. Imagined by interior designer Sloan Wood, the décor obeys no master or time period. Think Southwest roadside motel meets Austin Powers. (Yeah, baby!) Co-owners Emilio Esparza and Nick Filer know how to have fun. Their john is designed to look like a tanning booth. Their modest kitchen can whip up a Sonoran dog along with nachos and other simple bites if you get the munchies. But this dive is more of a drinking den, with snacks intended to fortify you between rounds of shots or suds. If nothing else, you should drink here so you have an excuse to check out the pink restroom.
410 Broadway E., Seattle (Capitol Hill); guillotine.restaurant
Four blocks north sits a bar that’s the opposite of The Wash; Guillotine crafts drinks with rum, cognac and gin, and the kitchen composes French-inspired dishes like the trout almondine served with handmade pasta. The shared plates and entrees vary from foraged mushrooms with Champagne butter to boneless fried chicken that you can dunk in a green goddess aioli. Management washed away all the Southern accents and Pentecostal church décor from the previous tenant, The Witness, and replaced it with crushed-velvet banquettes done in midnight blue for a more polished vibe.
409 First Ave. S., Seattle (Pioneer Square); 206-596-8940, barsosta.com
The team behind Il Terrazzo Carmine in Seattle and Carmine’s in Bellevue opened this sleek bar in Pioneer Square with a cocktail list that pays homage to the 21st-century cocktail renaissance. Think modern classics like the Jungle Bird and the Toronto. Its pizza crosses between a New York-style and a Neapolitan pie. Bar Sosta is on a stretch where many Mariners, Sounders and Reign fans walk to get to games, though the bar doesn’t seem to be tailored for the pre-func and tailgating set. With its shiny white marble bar, this swanky Italian spot is where you go for an aperitif or Negroni before you settle in for a meal elsewhere.
532 Queen Anne Ave. N., Seattle (Uptown); richrichseattle.com and ladiveseattle.com
Two bars under the same roof, the front space is an offshoot of the stellar Capitol Hill natural wine bar La Dive and the backroom is Rich Rich, focused on craft cocktails and music. La Dive’s kitchen runs a bigger menu at its Uptown locale, with grilled asparagus, gnocchi and roasted mussels with fried garlic. In the back, Rich Rich turns its lounge into a dance floor at night, with disc jockeys playing R&B, Afrobeats, house, perreo and more. Rich Rich syncs up its playlist with events at nearby Climate Pledge Arena, like throwing a Latin music-themed after-concert party for Bad Bunny’s “Most Wanted Tour.”
The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times.