Maroon 5 will be in Springfield, Massachusetts, this summer as part of a string of exclusive shows on the East Coast.
The three-time GRAMMY® Award-winning multi-platinum band will be at the MassMutual Center in Springfield on Monday, July 1. Tickets will go on sale on Friday, April 12 at 10 a.m. EST at massmutualcenter.com. Fans can also shop for tickets online now using reliable third-party ticket vendors such as SeatGeek.com, StubHub and VividSeats.
This show is part of a limited series of performances on the East Coast, coinciding with Maroon 5′s headline shows at Milwaukee’s Summerfest and the Ottawa Bluesfest this summer, and in between their Las Vegas residency run.
A post shared by Maroon 5 (@maroon5)
As of Wednesday, April 10, the cheapest tickets for the July 1 show at the MassMutual Center in Springfield, MA are $112 on StubHub and $128 on VividSeats. Maren Morris will be joining Maroon 5 on select dates.
The band’s seminal smash “This Love” just recently eclipsed 1 billion streams on Spotify, marking their 10th song to join the platform’s “Billions Club.” Moreover, this feat places them in a tie for “most billion-plus streamed songs by a group on Spotify.”
In addition to this major milestone, the music video for Maroon 5′s “Memories” recently hit 1 billion views on YouTube, becoming the band’s fourth video to accomplish this feat. Moreover, the music video for their chart-dominating and GRAMMY Award-nominated single “Sugar” recently surpassed 4 billion views on the platform, making it one of the most-viewed videos of all time.
Here is a look at the full schedule for the string of shows along the East Coast this summer with links to purchase tickets:
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices