Taylor Swift was the biggest-selling global recording artist in 2023, an industry body has confirmed.
The American superstar, 34, has broken another record by topping the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry’s (IFPI) global artist chart for a fourth time.
IFPI, the organisation that represents the recorded music industry worldwide, announced Swift as the winner of its 2023 global recording artist of the year award on Wednesday.
The prize is calculated according to an artist’s or group’s worldwide sales across streaming, download and physical music formats during the calendar year and covers their entire body of work.
Swift has previously topped the worldwide chart in 2014, 2019 and 2022, more than any other artist since the prize began 11 years ago, the IFPI said.
Her albums, 2022’s Midnights and re-releases Speak Now (Taylor’s Version) and 1989 (Taylor’s Version), all featured at the top of the UK charts last year.
The Eras Tour, which began with Swift performing in Glendale, US, in March 2023 and is ongoing, also saw a resurgence in her catalogue, according to IFPI.
Her 2019 song Cruel Summer was number one around the world last year, four years after its release. In the UK, it peaked at number two in 2023.
Lewis Morrison, director of charts and certifications at IFPI said Swift “continues to redefine the limits of global success” before adding: “Taylor is a singular talent and her commitment to her craft and her fans is truly phenomenal.”
During last year, she also broke the Guinness World Record for the highest-grossing music tour ever with The Eras Tour which became the first to surpass one billion US dollars in revenue.
She even took her ongoing tour to the big screen in cinemas around the world – with the concert film generating the highest ticket sales at the UK and Ireland box office on its opening day, according to Vue International.
1989 (Taylor’s Version) launched in a similar fashion in October – with the latter claiming the biggest opening week for any album released this year.
In 2024, Swift has so far made Grammy history as the first person to win album of the year four times with Midnights.
Also featuring in IFPI’s global chart was K-Pop stars Seventeen and Stray Kids, placed second and third respectively.
Canadian rapper Drake reached number four and Canadian singer The Weeknd rounded out the top five.
“It is also fantastic to see so many artists entering the chart for the first time, and the return of established acts years after their last appearance,” Mr Morrison also said.
“As the global recorded music landscape shifts and new opportunities emerge, record companies continue their work to build global, long-term careers for their artists.”
US country star Morgan Wallen also made his first appearance in the IFPI Global Artist chart at number six following the success of the 2023 record One Thing At A Time.
The chart also saw the K-Pop acts Tomorrow X Together and NewJeans feature in the top 10 for the first time at number seven and eight, respectively.
At number nine was Puerto Rican rapper Bad Bunny and US singer Lana Del Rey came in at number 10, her highest placement since 2014 when she reached 17 in the chart.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.