"We all love a happy ending," said the Puerto Rican rapper on stage.

													By
												

	Isabela Raygoza

Associate Editor, Billboard Español

Young Miko took the stage at New York’s The Theater at Madison Square Garden for two back-to-back performances on Tuesday and Wednesday (Aug. 27-28), captivating the audience with a one-and-a-half-hour show. As part of her XOXO Tour 2024 across the U.S. in support of her new album, Att., Young Miko delivered numerous highlights on her second day to her eager fans, including appearances from two special surprise guests: Villano Antillano and Tokischa.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Young Miko		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Dressed in a pastel-hued, shimmery BMX racing jersey set and with her brown hair slicked back, the rising hitmaker performed through her hits including “Wiggy,” “Lisa” and “Classy 101” originally featuring Feid, as well as “Fina,” originally with Bad Bunny.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The excitement peaked when Villano Antillano entered the spotlight, sending the crowd into a frenzy. Dressed in high leather boots, a black top and a thong, with her long black hair reaching her lower back, Villano exuded a fierce demeanor. The two Puerto Rican rappers teamed up to perform “Madre,” with Villano owning the catwalk across the stage, while Miko showcased some ballroom-style rave moves.

	“We have a legend in the house today, New York. She is la foking Villano, baby. Viva PR, queen!” Young Miko commanded, then turned her attention to the guest star. “You know how much I love you. This woman collaborated with me when no one knew who the hell I was. And now I have the honor to call her my sister. I adore you! Te amo, mi amor.”

	Villano replied, “I love you, my love,” returning the affection.

	Later in the evening, as the hard-hitting reggaetón banger Bad Gyal’s “Chulo pt. 2” started, both Miko and the audience amped up the energy. The crowd went wild as Tokischa hit the stage unexpectedly. Dressed in a short, sporty white skirt and a strapless black halter top, with her hair slicked back in a braid, the Dominican dembow rapper-singer flawlessly delivered every verse, adding some twerking with the night’s star for good measure.

	The stage décor was tantalizingly playful. Miko first appeared in a setting resembling perhaps her childhood bedroom — dominated by pink, her favorite color, with a giant tamagotchi beside her on a bed. Later, the scenery shifted to a pixelated outdoor field where she sang atop a log surrounded by plants and flowers, looking exceptionally adorable. She also got naughty — at one point she made a sexual innuendo with her microphone, and briefly showed off her toned abs — sparking screams from her fans.

	










	The Puerto Rican singer-rapper’s NYC performance not only showcased her rapidly ascending career, but also was packed with invigorating moments, including plenty of laughter. At one point, she paused to read some clever and hilarious cardboard signs brought by fans. “When I play with my kitty and think of you, I get a happy ending,” Young Miko read out loud. “I honestly love that for you. We all love a happy ending.”

	Watch Young Miko perform with Villano Antillano and Tokischa below:
A post shared by Billboard Latin (@billboardlatin)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.