By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:36, 10 June 2024   |  Updated:  08:40, 10 June 2024   
 13
View  comments
Carla Gugino was pictured on the red carpet at the 2024 Tribeca Festival at New York City's Spring Studios on Sunday, in support of her short film Veo Veo A Family.
The Sarasota, Florida-born actress, 52, posed for photographers in a roomy magenta ensemble of a pantsuit with a vest during a festival showcase titled Shorts: NY People Watching.
The actress had her brown locks parted and accessorized with gold earrings as she made her entrance at the cinematic event founded by Robert De Niro, Jane Rosenthal and Craig Hatkoff.  
Gugino appeared at the debut of the drama written and directed by Laura Kosann, in which she stars opposite Sawyer Gacka and Benjamin Thys.
In the drama, according to a logline from producers, 'a Latina nanny and a Manhattan mother challenge the definition of family with a profound bond; one that is tested by a reminder of the nanny's past family tragedy.'
Carla Gugino, 52, was pictured on the red carpet at the 2024 Tribeca Festival at New York City's Spring Studios on Sunday, in support of her short film Veo Veo A Family 
The actress had her brown locks parted and accessorized with gold earrings as she made her entrance at the cinematic event
Also pictured at the screening was Kosann, who donned an off-white puffy vested blouse with dark blue jeans and sandals. 
Kosann, who wore her brown locks parted, said in a June 1 Instagram post that she couldn't 'wait to bring everyone together again' for the premiere of the short film. 
The short film was part of the Shorts: NY People Watching showcase, which featured a program titled New York, Narrative, according to organizers.
Other projects screened during the program include The White Rabbit, Happy to Help You, The HongFu Hotel, Bad Bunny "En El Bronx Part 2," Sea Lion Cow and Nepotism, Baby!
Gugino has a number of projects the works, according to iMDb, including a film titled The Florist in which she will play Vivien Leigh; a film titled The Friend, co-starring Naomi Watts and Bill Murray; and a movie titled Heads of State co-starring Idris Elba and Jack Quaid.
Last year she appeared in the Netflix miniseries The Fall of the House of Usher, a horror-mystery from creator Mike Flanagan about a family presiding over a pharmaceutical company.
She told The Hollywood Reporter on Friday that she 'not a horror fan, per se,' and that the miniseries had 'darkly comedic elements and flashy characters that don’t normally exist in horror.'
The Sarasota, Florida-born actress posed for photographers in a roomy magenta ensemble of a pantsuit with a vest during a festival showcase titled Shorts: NY People Watching 
The Watchmen actress beamed in the stylish ensemble at the annual cinematic showcase 
Gugino posed alongside writer-director Laura Kosann, who donned an off-white puffy vested blouse with dark blue jeans and sandals 
Kosann said in a June 1 Instagram post that she couldn't 'wait to bring everyone together again' for the premiere of the short film 
Gugino and Kosann posed with their collaborators on the short film, child actor Sawyer Gacka and Benjamin Thys 
Gugino has a number of projects the works, including a film titled The Florist in which she will play Vivien Leigh 
Other projects include a film titled The Friend, co-starring Naomi Watts and Bill Murray; and a movie titled Heads of State co-starring Idris Elba and Jack Quaid 
She added, 'It deals with societal stuff in very profound ways. I’ve had so many people in our business tell me, "I wasn’t going to watch it, and I ended up being riveted. I loved it."'
Gugino also spoke to THR about her Max show The Girls on the Bus, which was canceled last month.
Gugino, who played a journalist on the presidential campaign trail on the series alongside Melissa Benoist, Christina Elmore and Natasha Behnam, said that the characters came from 'such different generations and ideologies.'
She said the characters were 'confined to a situation in which the stakes are very high' and had 'to become allies' as a result.
She added, 'The idea of helping a friend supersedes whether you believe or don't believe the exact same thing.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group