By 

	Thania Garcia


	The ninth annual Latin American Music Awards (Latin AMAs) have announced a new slate of performers: Arcangel, Jennifer Nettles, KY-Mani Marley, Mora, Noel Schajris, Sech, Silvestre Dangond and Wisin. The gala will take place on April 25 live from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas. 

	Actors Danny Pino (“Law & Order”) and Michael Mando (“Better Call Saul”) in addition to superstars Christian Chávez, Eslabon Armado, Joss Favela and Kali Uchis are all set to present awards. DJ Steve Aoki and Victoria Justice will also make appearances. 

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					'Suits LA' Casts Yvette Nicole Brown in Guest Star Role (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	This long list of talent joins previously announced performers: Peso Pluma, Farukko, Jay Wheeler, Justin Quiles, DJ Deorro, Yng Lvcas, Gabito Ballesteros, Marc Anthony, Carin León, Chino Pacas, Lenny Tavárez, Milo Beat, Nacho, Sergio George, Venesti and Zhamira Zambrano.

	Anthony is set to premiere his new single “Ale Ale,” from his upcoming album “Muevense,” which is set to be released on April 26. He has won two Latin AMAs, and this year is nominated for best tropical artist and best tropical collaboration for “La Fórmula” with Maluma.

	“I am really excited to have the opportunity of presenting the global premiere of my new song ‘Ale, Ale’ on live television at this year’s Latin American Music Awards, and on that same evening release my new studio album ‘Muevense,’” said Anthony in a statement. “The Latin AMAs stage has seen many of my firsts and I am ready to introduce this one to audiences everywhere.”

	Mexican music’s big year will be well represented at the awards show this year with appearances by bubbling acts including León, Pacas, Ballesteros and Peso, who returns to the Latin AMA stage after making his TV debut there last year. Peso, along with reggaeton star Feid, is the most nominated artist of the night with 12 recognitions, including nods in coveted categories like artist of the year, new artist of the year, song of the year, album of the year, and collaboration of the year, among others. 

	Behind Peso and Feid, Bad Bunny and Grupo Frontera lead the nominations list with 11 each. Karol G and Shakira each tout nine nominations, and Eslabon Armado and Fuerza Regida have eight. There are 27 categories, with a total of 76 nominees that span all musical genres including pop, urban, música Mexicana and tropical.

	










	The awards show will be hosted by Latin pop phenom Thalia, along with presenter Alejandra Espinoza, and singer-songwriter and television personality Carlos Ponce. The show will broadcast live from Las Vegas’ MGM Grand Garden Arena.
The Business of Entertainment