Plus, check out Billboard's New Music Latin weekly playlist below!

New Music Latin is a compilation of the best new Latin songs and albums recommended by Billboard‘s Latin and Billboard Español editors. Check out this week’s picks below.




	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Manuel Turizo		
					






















	
		
					Maria Becerra		
					






















	
		
					Xavi		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

Manuel Turizo, “Dios Te Cuide” (La Industria Inc.)

	After making us dance bachata and merengue, Manuel Turizo — fresh from receiving the SESAC Latina Music Award for songwriter of the year, pop/Latin rhythm, with his brother Julián — continues to show his versatility with a moving ballad about heartbreak. Produced by Rafa Rodríguez, and driven primarily by a guitar and the Colombian singer’s husky, penetrating voice, “Dios Te Cuide” is a mature declaration of love and resilience after a breakup. “May God take care of you baby, may he keep you/ And may he forget, baby, where he kept you/ So that you don’t break my heart again,” Turizo sings with pathos in the chorus. Accompanied by an introspective music video that captures the feeling of loneliness that comes with a breakup, “Dios Te Cuide” will be featured on Turizo’s upcoming fourth studio album, 201, which he plans to release later this year. — SIGAL RATNER-ARIAS













	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







Xavi, “OOTD” (Interscope Records)


			Trending on Billboard		






	Ever since having a major breakthrough with songs-turned-anthems “La Diabla” and “La Víctima,” Xavi has kept the momentum going this year, dropping “Corazón de Piedra,” which topped the Regional Mexican Airplay Chart in May. Now, he’s blessed fans with the new single “OOTD” — which, while staying true to that tumbados románticos signature style he’s known for, also drifts a bit more uptempo. Still powered by striking requinto guitars and his raspy and commanding vocals, “OOTD” stands out for an upbeat, head-bobbing melody that almost softens Xavi’s vocals. The single is a preview of what’s to come, as Xavi is currently in the studio working on an upcoming album. — GRISELDA FLORES

Buscabulla, “11:11” (Domino Recording)

	Puerto Rican duo Buscabulla, composed of Raquel Berrios and Luis Del Valle, dropped “11:11,” marking their first single in four years. The track, a kitschy electronic pop outing, draws its name from the angel number that emphasizes the brevity of life. The song explores the theme of purpose and fulfillment, with lyrics like “Ya no puedo, baby, acabar lo que empecé/ A veces me quiero escapar/ El momento se me va/ Y no se si pa’ volver,” delivered in Berrios’ ethereal vocal style. Their return follows collaborations with Alex Anwandter on the disco-pop track “Mi Vida en Llamas” (2023), Bad Bunny on the high-profile “Andrea” (2022), and their own debut album Regresa (2020). The accompanying video, directed by Jorge “Fish” Rodriguez, features Berrios in a stage-built, stark white house, performing a compulsive cleaning, adding a layer of performative art to the release. — ISABELA RAYGOZA











Maria Becerra, Trueno & Big One, “Cuando Te Vi” (Fifty One)

	Argentine hitmaker Big One has unleashed a five-track EP with five major “crossovers.” His latest creation is “Cuando Te Vi | Crossover #5,” in collaboration with Maria Becerra and Trueno. A first joint effort, the futuristic and edgy reggaetón track blends Becerra’s dulcet, melodious vocals with Trueno’s impeccable and effortless rap bars. Lyrically, the song narrates a conversation between two people: one who promised to not fall in love, and the other who doubts it. “When I saw you, I knew it was going to happen/ I promised not to fall in love/but f*ck that, I love that body/ You did it so good, I had to call back,” chants the Argentine artist, who also flaunts her English-singing skills on the track.  — JESSICA ROIZ

Alvaro Soler, “Te imaginaba” (Epic Local) 

	The Spanish-German singer-songwriter Alvaro Soler releases a song with a classic romanticism that celebrates an innocent love. The song is an acoustic pop jam with an island feel, perfect for this warm season of the year. “I imagined you/ Having breakfast kisses in bed/ Waking up next to you every morning/ And if we fight, let it be with the pillow/ As I imagined you” says the chorus of the tender song. The song is accompanied by a visualizer where you can see Soler singing in front of the camera while he walks through beautiful landscapes. The ideal song for someone newly in love, who may end up at an altar. — LUISA CALLE

Listen to more editors’ Latin recommendations in the playlist below:
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.