It’s almost time for the biggest wrestling party of the summer as Summerslam 2024 kicks off on August 3. The second largest show of the year is upon us, and there are some epic expectations as WWE heads to Cleveland, Ohio for a hell of a Saturday night. Every year, Summerslam is an event that guarantees huge moments and big story incidents that change the landscape of the WWE before the summer season is over. The show has become so important and so popular that like Wrestlemania, Summerslam will be extended to two nights in 2025. What a treat! Many greats have competed at Summerslam, and in honor of this, we have compiled what we think are the top 50 greatest WWE wrestlers of all time. This list encompasses both male and female wrestlers, while Tag Teams are left off for a future list. This may cause some controversy, and no doubt stir some discord, but that’s what these lists are for. So, count down with us, and let the debates begin!
"The Ninth Wonder of The World," Chyna more than left her mark on not only women’s wrestling, but the entire sport as a whole. Starting off as Triple H’s bodyguard, it didn’t take Chyna long to prove she could keep up with the rest of the boys on the roster, with accolades such as the first female Intercontinental Champion, the first woman to enter the men’s Royal Rumble—and lets not forget the Playboy centerfold! Though she's no longer with us, Chyna paved the way for many of your favorite women’s wrestlers today, ultimately shattering the notion that a woman can’t wrestler because “she’s just a girl.”
Oz, Diesel, Big Sexy, Super Shredder, Kevin Nash—however you know him, it can’t be denied that Nash is a trailblazer of professional wrestling. Nash had been around for a good amount of time previously, but he debuted on the grand stage of the WWE as Shawn Michael’s bodyguard Diesel. Eventually, though, Nash broke away from Michael’s shadow, going on to win multiple championships before jumping ship to the WCW as a founding member of what many consider the greatest wrestling faction of all time—the N.W.O. Nash should also get credit for changing how a lot of talent were paid, altering the old (per appearance) formula while helping create the new (yearly contracts).
Being a Hart means that you have to be able to bring it in the ring. Harts are known to be by and large ring generals, capable of putting on clinics when they step in the squared circle, and Natalya more than delivers on her namesake. Being the daughter of Jim “The Anvil” Neidhart, Natalya has shown that she is evergreen in this business, being dominant throughout multiple eras. She even has the Guiness Record of most matches for a female wrestler ever. Showing no signs of slowing down any time soon, Natalya is the epitome of a workhorse, inspiring generations with her hard work and tenacity for greatness.
The man born Paul Donald Wight II may have gotten his start in WCW, but he was given the chance to truly shine in the WWE as the seven-foot-tall behemoth The Big Show. Making a huge impact in his debut and going after the top guy himself, Stone Cold Steve Austin, Big Show has always remained a top-act in the WWE. Not only can the guy work his butt off, but the man also has range. Big Show can be a horrifying heel, a white-meat babyface, or a hysterical comedian—sometimes all within the same week! After a career of multiple championships and a laundry list of memorable moments, when it’s all said and done, The Big Show is a first-ballot Hall of Famer without question.
Despite hailing from Japan, Agatupu Rodney Anoaʻi was part of an infamous Samoan wrestling family. Such members would include the Wild Samoans, The Samoan Swat Team, Rikishi, The USOs, and the Tribal Chief Roman Reigns (who also appears on this list). There’s no other way to put it: Yokozuna had a personality as big as his frame. Even though he tipped the scales at way over 500 pounds, the man could move phenomenally well despite his size. When Yokozuna was in his prime, he was unstoppable. Using the devastating Bonzai Drop, Yokozuna put away future Hall of Famers like Bret "The Hitman" Hart and the immortal Hulk Hogan! Unfortunately, due to some health complications, we lost him far too soon. But although he's no longer with us, the legacy Yokozuna left will carry on for generations to come.
Beauty and coolness combined, Lita was a huge driving force in the Divas revolution when it came to women competing in the ring. She first came onto the scene in WWE as a valet to Essa Rios, but her star power quickly overcame the shadow Rios casted, and it wasn’t too long before she jumped ship to Team Extreme with The Hardy Boyz. Lita, along with Jeff and Matt Hardy, would have legendary rivalries with teams such as The Dudley Boyz, Edge and Christian, and notably T&A, which included her future arch-rival Trish Stratus. Lita and Stratus would put on many memorable matches together, eventually leading to the first Women’s Main Event on Monday Night Raw. Lita was a beauty and a great competitor for sure, but her cool factor could not be denied either.
Formerly wrestling under his birth name, Kevin Steen, Owens was an absolute powerhouse on the thriving independent wrestling scene, putting on matches with a lot of future stars in the business. When Steen signed to WWE, he was re-dubbed Kevin Owens (partly named after Owen Hart) and wasted no time making an impact, demolishing the future Juice Robinson and nearly crippling his on-again-and-off-again best friend Sami Zayn. Owen almost immediately captured the NXT championship, going on to invade the main roster to chase the biggest star in years, John Cena. Whether it be facing the master of Thuganomics, his best frenemy Sami Zayn, or bringing Stone Cold Steve Austin out of retirement for one more match, there’s no feat Owen’s won't reach to attain legend status.
It's astonishing to see what Bray Wyatt, aka "The Eater of Worlds," accomplished in his short time on Earth. Wyatt and his family were teased for months with creepy, engaging vignettes. So, when they hit the scene, the audience was left captivated by this unsettling cult leader who not only could cut an incredible promo but was absolutely devastating in the ring as well. Later on, Wyatt would transition into "The Fiend," one of the more terrifying entities the WWE has ever seen. Many lauded Wyatt as possibly becoming the heir apparent to The Undertaker's role. Unfortunately, we lost Bray way before his full potential could be realized. He may be gone now, but Bray Wyatt created characters that'll last forever in the echelon of wrestling history.
Being a former reality TV star, the deck was severely stacked against Michael "The Miz" Mizanin when he entered the WWE. How could this real-world snob possibly succeed in the hard-knocks world of professional wrestling? Needless to say, The Miz proved everyone wrong. It wasn’t long before Miz secured his first series of titles in the company before winning the Money in The Bank (MiTB) briefcase. He then proceeded to cash in on Randy Orton to become the WWE Champion. Not too shabby for a reality star! Miz has gone on to have programs with legends such as The Undertaker, John Cena, The Rock, and even big name celebrities like Logan Paul and Bad Bunny. Miz’s spot on the card has repeatedly risen and fallen, but one thing that remains a constant: He’s a utility player. There’s not much The Miz can't do, and whenever there’s a segment or a match that requires someone who can carry the ball, The Miz is more often than not the one called upon. He’s first-ballot Hall of Fame material when it's all said and done.
Trish Stratus was one of the first female wrestlers to prove that there was far more to her than a pretty face. She started off as a valet for the tag team of Test and Albert (T&A) and people immediately took notice. She may have been the eye candy of the group, but she quickly revealed she was also the brains behind their success. Eventually, Stratus transitioned into an in-ring competitor and quickly snatched the Women’s Championship, going on to have standout matches with her rival Lita, Mickie James, and Victoria, among others. After claiming her deserved spot in the WWE Hall of Fame, Stratus showed that she still had plenty left in the tank, having memorable encounters with current wrestlers such as Becky Lynch and Charlotte Flair. As of writing, Stratus shows no current signs of hanging up the boots just yet, and we may see her a few more times again before her career comes to a close.
Harley Race was your wrestler’s favorite wrestler, a true man’s man, someone even André the Giant had second guesses about whether a fistfight with him was worth it. Race was at the top of the heap when it came to wrestlers of the '70s and '80s. Winning championships with multiple companies like the NWA, AWA, WCW, and the WWE, Race competed with the best of the best. He had classic matches with everyone from Ric Flair to Dusty Rhodes to Hulk Hogan. And his career was pretty influential, helping inspire the careers of greats such as Triple H and Mick Foley. Harley was legitimately one of the toughest guys to ever lace-up a pair of boots in pro wrestling, thoroughly earning him the title of “The Greatest Pro Wrestler on God’s Green Earth.”
Every hero needs a villain. Batman needed the Joker, Spider-Man needed the Green Goblin, and Hulk Hogan needed Rowdy Roddy Piper. Ever the foil to the Hulkamania movement, Roddy Piper was the quintessential heel in pro wrestling. A cocky, kilt-wearing masochist, there was no level Piper wouldn’t stoop to to get ahead. He was also one of the first “cool heels” in the business where, even though he cheated and backstabbed to come out on top, his personality was so great you couldn’t help but love him. From going toe-to-toe multiple times with Hulk Hogan, putting on wrestling clinics with Bret Hart, having a brutal Hollywood Backlot Brawl with Goldust (now Dustin Rhodes), or putting hands on Cindy Lauper, Piper was a force to be reckoned with in the squared circle. Finding success in both WCW and WWE, you would be hard-pressed to find even the most passive of wrestling fans who wouldn’t immediately know who "Hot Rod" was. He may not be with us, but the rowdiness lives on forever in our hearts.
Booker T checks all the boxes you would want in crafting the ideal pro wrestler. He had an incredible look, unmatched charisma, and the ability to put on entertaining matches with almost anyone. Originally arriving on the scene as one-half of the legendary tag-team duo, the Harlem Heat with his big brother Stevie Ray, Booker put WCW’s tag-team division on notice. After capturing multiple tag-team championships, it became clear Booker was the standout and soon went on to grab the United States Championship as well as the World Heavyweight title. After WWE purchased WCW, a lot of WCW were put in a sink-or-swim situation, and to little surprise, Booker excelled where many of his WCW counterparts failed. He went on to have legendary feuds with The Rock, Stone Cold Steve Austin, Triple H, and of course, The Undertaker. Booker would also win multiple championships in WWE, and continues to be an asset to the business today in front of and behind the camera.
What made Jake "The Snake" Roberts so great was how different he was. Jake, like his namesake, was cunning, crafty, and deadly. He didn’t yell during his interviews, instead forcing you to lean in closer to hear his words. He was poetic, deadly on the microphone, and even more deadly in the ring. After putting you away with the move he invented, The DDT, he’d often get out a giant serpent and lay it on top of his fallen opponent. We can't think of a more lasting, iconic image than that! Jake went toe-to-toe with a who’s who of legends, including Rick Rude, The Undertaker, André the Giant, and of course, The Ultimate Warrior.
Not many wrestlers have transcended the business the way "The Animal" has. Hand-picked by Ric Flair and Triple H, Dave Bautista garnered success almost immediately. In a short time, Bautista took to pro wrestling like a fish in water and secured huge wins and multiple championship runs. Whether it be his memorable feud with Triple H or winning tag-team gold with people such as Eddie Guerrero and Rey Mysterio, it's plainly clear Bautista was made for wrestling. When he took his talents to Hollywood, Bautista's star only shone brighter.
Originally labeled “The Chosen One,” there was a time when everyone thought Drew McIntyre's peak had been reached. After being fired following a mid run in the company, "The Scottish Psychopath" bet on himself and remade his image in the independents where WWE had no choice but to realize they made a mistake, ultimately welcoming him back to the main roster where he belongs. Today, you rarely see Drew not in the main event spot, and his current feud with CM Punk shows he has a lot more in store for us. And we are reaping the benefits.
Just because you are an incredible performer on the independent circuit doesn’t mean you are destined to be a big star on the main WWE stage. Sami Zayn had to work hard and persevere through some really rough times to get there, but he's there now and we're loving it. We all knew Sami could go in the ring, but after years of honing his “sports entertainer” craft, he’s had three years of stellar Wrestlemania appearances in a row and has been giving the Intercontinental title its original “workhorse” status once again. Sami makes fans feel things with his matches, and that’s the best you can ask for in a wrestler.
If you want a definition of a clean-cut babyface you can set your watch to, look no further than Ricky "The Dragon" Steamboat. A mainstay in the golden era of wrestling, Ricky was someone every youngster could aspire to be. He worked hard, had an incredible look, and never let his morals go to the wayside. The Dragon entered Wrestling immortality with matches such as the one with Randy Savage at Wrestlemania 3 that many fans still view as the greatest wrestling match of all time.
Daniel Bryan (currently Bryan Danielson in AEW) was lightning in a bottle during his time in WWE. Starting off as a generic NXT rookie, Bryan was given the opportunity to let his character work shine after many losses and career setbacks. Being one of, if not the, best in-ring performer of today—along with the “Yes” movement behind him—Bryan gave us one of the best underdog stories where in one night, he overcame Triple H, Bautista, and Randy Orton to win the WWE Undisputed Championship belt. He accomplished a lot and still does today, but that WWE run alone is the stuff legends are made of.
When you sit back and look at the career of Edge (Adam Copeland in AEW), it's hard to think of something he hasn't accomplished. He’s a multi-time tag-team champion, a multi-time Intercontinental and Heavyweight Champion, and current WWE Hall of Famer. He’s had epic matches with people like John Cena, The Undertaker, and Mick Foley—and that’s leaving out his tag team matches! After coming back from a seemingly career-ending neck injury, Edge has some of his best work still ahead of him, and that’s a story we can all root for.
When you come in as The Undertaker’s younger brother, those are some big shoes to fill. Kane had no problem in this duty and made what was seemingly a short-term character a dearly beloved mainstay in professional wrestling. Only adding and benefiting the mythology of The Undertaker, it wasn’t long until Kane broke through his older brother's shadow to become a dominant force all his own. Kane, much like his big brother, has the ability to evolve with the times, which made him one of the all-time greats with multiple championship runs.
Becky Lynch has come a long way from river dancing down the NXT ramp to headlining the first women’s main event at Wrestlemania. When Lynch discovered her “steampunk” persona, we knew she had something, but she didn’t finally find herself until "The Man" came around. "The Man" persona redefined how a female wrestler presents herself in the WWE and became an instant favorite around the world. Multiple Women’s Championship runs behind her, Becky has become a the true powerhouses of pro wrestling, and her staying power remains steadfast.
The prodigal son of the Guerrero wrestling family, Eddie established himself as an extraordinary talent very early in his career. After putting on multiple classic matches with the likes of Rey Mysterio, Dean Malenko, and Psicosis, Eddie jumped ship to WWE where he found his true calling as "Latino Heat." Eddie would lie, cheat, and steal his way to our hearts, and eventually a WWE Championship run after defeating Brock Lesnar. We lost Eddie far too soon, but his lasting impact can be seen and felt in many WWE superstars today.
You have to be able to back up a claim as being a wrestler that is just "Absolutely Perfect," and Curt Hennig did just that. There was nothing in the ring Mr. Perfect couldn't do. Hennig could have a great match with absolutely anyone and had amazing matches with almost every major name in the business at the time. He showed that he was just as good on the microphone as well as in the ring when he joined the commentary team, where he seriously shined. Another talent gone too soon; perhaps there will never be someone as perfect as Mr. Perfect.
Whether you loved him as "Razor Ramon," "The Diamond Studd," or Scott Hall, you were in the presence of oozing machismo. After Hall jumped ship from the WCW early in his career, his destiny was realized when he adopted the insanely cool character of "Razor Ramon." The way he walked, the way he talked, and the way he performed was unlike anyone before or after him; he simply exuded confidence and swagger. Upon capturing multiple Intercontinental Championships, Hall returned to the WCW to form one of, if not the, most dominant factions in wrestling—The N.W.O. Unfortunately, we recently lost Hall, but the impact he had on the industry will be felt for years and years to come.
CM Punk succeeded where many others in his position couldn't. He wasn't a muscled-out giant, he didn't drink, he didn't do drugs, and he had a huge authority problem, but that's what endeared him to the WWE. Punk marched to the beat of his own drum and established a Hall of Fame career as a result. His career is chock full of moments that will last forever. Whether it be the infamous "Pipe Bomb" promo, beating John Cena at MiTB and running off with the title, or his return in 2023 after almost a decade away from the WWE. Punk is so back, and it's clear he's not wasting any time picking up where he left off.
Being the offspring of arguably the greatest in-ring performer of all time is a daunting position to be in. Charlotte Flair showed that even though her dad may be Ric "The Nature Boy" Flair, she was about to establish her own destiny. As soon as Charlotte joined the main roster, she was almost immediately in the main roster picture and hasn't really left it—only to be derailed by the occasional injury. Still, her father admits that Charlotte can do things in the ring he could never possibly imagine, and that's saying something. Charlotte may be on the shelf as this list drops, but everyone knows when she returns, she will be out for blood.
Ever since Seth Rollins joined the WWE, it was clear he was destined for greatness. Rollins had the honor of being the first NXT Champion and his career ascension never really slowed down since then. He joined the main roster as a member of The Shield, turned on them, won the MiTB briefcase, and dethroned Roman Reigns and Brock Lesnar at Wrestlemania to win his first Heavyweight Championship belt. Whether you love or hate Rollins—and he has given you enough reasons to feel either emotion—you cannot deny his talent. Capable of some of the greatest in-ring performances we see today, if you see a match with Seth Rollins on the card, you are more than likely in for a great time.
"The Hardcore Legend" isn't your traditional WWE Superstar. He wasn't jacked, he didn't dress well, and he had teeth and an ear missing, but those are many of the reasons we fell in love with Mick Foley. Whether he was "Cactus Jack," "Dude Love," or "Mankind," Foley gave us his blood, sweat, and tears every time he was in the ring, which left us with no choice but to feel deeply for him and his matches. Foley did what everyone strives to do in professional wrestling, which is bring out deep emotions in the fans, and Mick Foley delivered with flying colors.
Dusty Rhodes was a true hero, the epitome of "The American Dream," which he fittingly called himself. Dusty's mastery of the microphone talked hundreds and thousands of people into arenas to watch him wrestle, and when they got there, he gave them a show they'd never forget. At his heart, Dusty was a storyteller, and he had the ability to tell a story with his voice and his matches. He represented the common man, the underdog, and we rooted for him every time because of it.
Brock Lesnar is a once in a lifetime athlete; the man is a freak, to put it bluntly. Dominating NCAA, the WWE, and the UFC, Lesnar is a runaway freight train personified. When he's moving, there's no stopping him. He was the youngest WWE Champion of all time in his first year in the WWE, he ended The Undertaker's Wrestlemania streak, and he's beaten nearly everyone in the WWE Hall of Fame from Hulk Hogan to Kurt Angle to Goldberg—and even The Rock. Everyone has felt the Beast's wrath. As of publishing, Brock Lesnar has been the subject of a bit of an exile from WWE, self-imposed or otherwise depending on what you hear. But many feel it's not a matter of if, but when, he will return.
Rey Mysterio is the epitome of Lucha libre. Many luchadores came before him, but Rey changed the game by being the most recognizable masked wrestler of all time. Becoming one of the must-see talents in WCW before moving onto WWE, Rey would enjoy massive success with many championship reigns while being recently inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame. Rey has become a mainstay in the industry that still competes to this day—even becoming tag-team champions with his own son Dominick. He may be nearing the final days of his in-ring career, but he will undoubtedly give us a few more memories before he hangs up the mask.
"Phenomenal" isn’t just a nickname in this case. "The Phenomenal One" AJ Styles has established himself as a top-tier performer during his time in TNA as well as his current run in the WWE. Ever since AJ had his massive surprise debut in the Royal Rumble, he hasn't let go of his position as one of the top talents in the company. Carrying over the strong style of wrestling he picked up in Japan, AJ's hard-hitting matches rarely disappoint, and he has the ability of giving even the youngest talent a run for their money.
Randy Orton is the epitome of sports entertainment. "The Viper" encompasses everything someone would want in a wrestler: he's incredibly gifted in the ring, his character work is second to none, and almost everyone who has ever done business with him has come out greater for doing so. Orton's feuds with Triple H, John Cena, The Undertaker, and Mick Foley are the stuff of legend for the Legend Killer. (Foley even listed his bout with Orton as one of, if not the, best matches of his career.) Another legacy wrestler that overcame the shadow his father set forth, Orton has given so much to the business of pro wrestling and will not be finished until everyone has felt the sting of the most deadly three letters in professional wrestling—RKO!
Chris Jericho is a perfect example of how you can succeed if you bet on yourself. He was a solid mid-carder in the WCW, but he knew he was capable of so much more, deciding to take his talents to WWE and debuting in one of the more memorable moments in WWE history by going face-to-face with The Rock. Jericho is constantly evolving. It's hard to compare one year of Jericho's career to the other because he's always changing up how he presents himself and oftentimes even how he wrestles. Because of this method, Jericho has never been stagnant; even when you think he's about to lose momentum, he figures out a way to reinvent himself again for a new generation of wrestling fans.
Bruno Sammartino was the original hero of the WWE. Before Hulk Hogan, Sammartino was the babyface everyone loved, especially if you were east coast Italian. He was built like an Ox and was another great representation of the every-man, the immigrant who found his fame and fortune in America through hard work and dedication. He was not only a fantastic wrestler, but he was also someone everyone could aspire to be and all the children could look up to. Now that's an inspiration.
Cody Rhodes may be one of the younger members on this list, but he has already made huge strides towards immortality in his relatively short career compared to others. Being the son of Dusty Rhodes is a Herculean task. Cody knew he could never be another “American Dream,” but he didn't want to be; he wanted to make his own path, and in many ways, he may have surpassed his father. Cody's first run in the WWE was far from a failure, but it wasn't until he left the company, had an incredible indie run, helped start AEW, returned to the WWE, and won the WWE Undisputed Championship from the longest reigning champion in recent history (Roman Reigns) that solidified his legendary status. Cody has settled into his role as the face of a new generation, and we haven't seen anything near the peak of what he has to offer.
Triple H truly epitomizes being a "student of the game." Hell, his nickname is "The Game," after all. From The Connecticut Blue Blood to the leader of DX to The McMahon Helmsley era, Triple H has always been at the forefront of the wrestling culture. A ring general to the umpteenth degree, he has put on incredible programs with a who's who in the business and shows week-in-and-week-out why he's in the position he's in. It doesn't matter if you loved or hated him, it was impossible to deny him because he's simply just that damn good.
The excellence of execution. The best there is, the best there was, and the best there will ever be. It's hard to express in words how much Bret "The Hitman" Hart has meant to the world of professional wrestling. Another exemplary member of the Hart Family, Bret carried the WWE as its flag bearer when times weren't so great for McMahon and co. Capable of making magic with anyone on the roster, Bret made everything he did in the ring look clean, crisp, and effortless. If you couldn't have a good match with Hart, you couldn't have a good match with anyone. The wrestling world hasn't always been kind to "The Hitman," so it's good to see him get the flowers he's due these days.
It should be studied how perfectly made Kurt Angle is for professional wrestling. The multi-time Olympic gold medalist took to wrestling like a fish in water and secured his first WWE Championship within his initial year in the company. He's explosive, he's quick, and he can legit kick the majority of the locker room's ass. His matches with Brock Lesnar, Shawn Michaels, and Eddie Guerrero are things new wrestlers should study when trying to improve their in-ring performance. Not only is he extremely talented in the ring, but he's also hysterically funny; the segments with Stone Cold Steve Austin left the audience in stitches. Kurt is an all-time great and deserves his spot in the Hall of Fame.
Shawn Michaels will go down in history as one of, if not the, best in-ring performer of all time. "Mr. Wrestlemania" started his career as a tag-team specialist with Marty Jannetty, but it soon became clear Shawn was meant for greater things. He went solo almost immediately, capturing the Intercontinental title, and his potential was pretty much limitless from then on. Multiple WWE Championships, coming back from a career-ending neck injury, retiring Ric Flair (for the moment), and putting on some of the greatest Wrestlemania performances in history, there will never be another performer quite like Shawn Michaels.
You would be hard-pressed to find someone with even the most minuscule knowledge of professional wrestling that won't know who the "Macho Man" is. Randy Savage was loud in every aspect of his presentation: his ring work, his wardrobe, and of course, his iconic voice. The general public may have loved Hulk Hogan, but real wrestling fans adored the Macho Man. Securing multiple championships in WWE and WCW, starring in movies and TV shows, getting us all to snap into a slim Jim—Randy Savage made us all believers in the power of "The Madness."
There’s a reason André the Giant was called "The Eighth Wonder Of The World." Well-over seven-feet-tall and weighing north of 500 pounds, André was a sight to behold everywhere he went. The Giant drew big money; before the age of the internet, you would only hear of the legend of André through pictures or stories. To truly witness his awe-inspiring sight, you had to pay a ticket to see him. André was truly superhuman, and his presence is still felt even if he's no longer with us.
When it’s all said and done, Roman Reigns will go down as one of the greatest champions in WWE history. After his days with The Shield were over, it took Roman a while before he found himself in the WWE. Ever since joining up with Paul "The Wiseman" Heyman, Roman skyrocketed to wrestling immortality, capturing the WWE Universal championship, unifying the titles, and reigning over the WWE for over four years. Roman's aura and presence in the squared circle is undeniable, and we will more than likely see him as the head of the table for years to come.
There is no one in the world of professional wrestling that is viewed with more respect, more fear, and more admiration than "The Phenom," The Undertaker. Ever since he made his debut at Survivor Series in 1990, The Undertaker has been dominating his yard. It takes a special kind of talent to take the crowd's breath away by just an entrance alone, but The Undertaker's got that aura about him. People got their money's worth sometimes before the bell even rang. A true leader in and out of the ring, no Mt. Rushmore of wrestling is complete without his face.
Ric Flair could do it all, and honestly, he very well may have done it all. A main-event draw wherever he went, Ric Flair revolutionized how wrestlers presented themselves. He was the same man in and out of the ring: fancy clothes, expensive watches, and private jets, Ric Flair was the elite pro wrestler. Flair not only excelled in the ring, but he also transcended the business into popular culture, becoming synonymous with the wrestling sport itself. Ric Flair's promos are the stuff of legend and often used by people of all walks of life from rappers to football coaches. Ric was the man to beat if you wanted to be someone in the business; as he said, “To be the man, you gotta beat the man.”
If you ever talked to someone about professional wrestling, often times even someone with no wrestling knowledge would reply, “Oh, that thing Hulk Hogan does?” The Babe Ruth of wrestling, Hogan was the first to take the business into mainstream popular culture. His merch sales were extraordinary from tee shirts to action figures to vitamins—and even his own pasta restaurant. Hogan was someone all kids looked up to as he preached his motto of saying your prayers, eating your vitamins, and training hard. Hogan was the first real-life superhero of wrestling who truly changed the landscape of wrestling forever.
Always the hardest worker in the room, John Cena took his role as flag bearer of the WWE very seriously. He was always the first one in and the last one to leave the building. The word that truly epitomizes Cena's career is "respect." He was never given an inch in the business and had to earn everything he had. Even when the fans would boo him out of the building and demand he changed his presentation, Cena never wavered, staying true to his ideals. He would eventually earn the respect of not only his peers but the WWE universe as a whole. As of writing, he is nearing the end of his career, and looking back at his run, it's hard to argue some people citing him as the greatest of all time.
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson reached levels of fame and superstardom that nobody in the world of wrestling has quite matched yet. There are people out there these days who don't even know Johnson was a wrestler first! Starting his career as the clean-cut babyface "Rocky Maivia," Johnson would hit superstardom in the WWE as he evolved into "The Rock"—the jabroni-eating, pie-eating, eyebrow-raising, candy-ass-whooping icon. This is the guy that made "Stone Cold" Steve Austin look over his shoulder for fear of losing his spot. After huge success in the WWE, "The Rock" transitioned to Hollywood, becoming one of the highest paid actors in the industry. If people thought he was done and had nothing more to give, his recent run as "The Final Boss" shows that "The Rock" can still sell out a stadium.
In our humble opinion, there simply isn't anyone that impacted wrestling quite like "Stone Cold" Steve Austin. The first real anti-hero, Austin was the antithesis of the world of Hulk Hogan before him. He cursed, he drank beer in the ring, he showed no respect for authority—he was perfect for the '90s anti-establishment generation. His audience reactions were deafening, his merch sales gave Hogan's a run for their money, and he was truly someone every wrestling fan wanted to be. The torch bearer of the "Attitude Era," Austin ushered in a new epoch that brought wrestling to another level of popular culture relevancy.
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.