By CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:56, 9 January 2024   |  Updated:  21:58, 9 January 2024   
 19
View  comments
Kendall Jenner has sparked speculation she has posted a photo of her ex Bad Bunny.
The catwalk queen, 28, shared snaps from her recent New Year's Eve getaway to Barbados - which seemed to include a image of the Puerto Rican rapper.
Jenner Instagrammed a snap of her friends gathered on the beach - and observers pointed out the blurry man in the photo appeared to be her ex. 
Fans speculated the man standing at the front, clad in a white and brown outfit with a wine glass in hand, may have been the 29-year-old hitmaker born Benito Martinez Ocasio.
'kendall jenner posts bad bunny on her instagram page for the first time. (white pants, white tee, brown sweater, holding a wine glass, in the front.),' the fan account @kennyandbenito tweeted.
Kendall's friends gathered on the beach with beverages in hand 
'lmao the way she used the blur feature across his face lowkey cracks me up! but this is cute none the less,' one fan replied.
Fans debated whether or not the man in the photo was indeed Benito, but the couple also appeared to be photographed as they hung out on the beach in a snap circulating on social media. 
Further raising eyebrows, a friend who was with Kendall on the Barbados trip shared video of their New Year's Eve fireworks display. Fans pointed out he can be heard saying 'Feliz ano nuevo' in the clip. 
Kendall rang in the New Year in Barbados with pals Justin and Hailey Bieber, but reports recently claimed she had reunited with Bad Bunny during the trip as well.  
They were joined by their mutual friends for the celebration, but sources revealed that they are not back together.
An insider told TMZ that they hung out because of their mutual friends but there is nothing romantic going on between them yet.
DailyMail.com confirmed the report with a source revealing that they 'aren't dating even though they were just seen with each other.'
The source continued: 'They are very friendly with each other.'
The couple also appeared to be photographed as they hung out on the beach in a snap circulating on social media 
Kendall had traveled to Barbados with pals Justin and Hailey Bieber
 Jenner has been sharing blissful beach snaps from her getaway 
In mid-December, it was reported that the 818 Tequila founder and Bad Bunny, born Benito Martinez Ocasio, split after almost a year together
She shared a snap of a stunning fireworks display 
However, the insider said that rekindling their romance in the future is possible if they are able to spend more time with each other.
'Something might happen when they have more time to spend with other, but they are not giving it time it would deserve to make it work,' the source added.
In mid-December, it was reported that the 818 Tequila founder and Bad Bunny split after almost a year together.
A source told People that the duo are 'no longer a couple' and did not reveal the reason for their separation.
The former couple first sparked rumors of a romance in February 2023 after they were seen out together on what appeared to be a double date with the Biebers at Wally's in Beverly Hills.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group