Jennifer Lopez’s street style has always been mood-board worthy—and her recent outing in New York City was no exception. On April 7, one of the city’s first sunny days after a long winter, Lopez stepped out for a stroll.
The multihyphenate singer and actress wore a fitted, navy blue turtleneck sweater, which she tucked into low rise jeans. To complete her look, Lopez wore a black trench coat and baby blue stiletto heels. She carried a quilted Chanel bag in a matching hue.
To accessorize the look, Lopez added gold-framed sunglasses and chunky hoop earrings. Her hair was slicked back in a bun, and she added a splash of color to her subtle makeup look with a mauve lip.
The previous evening, Lopez had a girl’s night out in New York. She snapped a mirror selfie before heading out, sharing her outfit on her Instagram Story. Lopez wore a cream-colored cropped turtleneck sweater with wide-leg jeans, platform heels, and chunky gold jewelry and sunglasses. She also carried an Hermès Birkin bag.
Lopez has always had a love for fashion. This year, she will be joining Anna Wintour as one of the co-chairs of the Met Gala, along with Zendaya, Bad Bunny, and Chris Hemsworth. The dress code is “The Garden of Time,” so we can expect to see lots of dainty florals, delicate pastels and bows, and an overall soft and feminine feel. 
The 2024 Met Gala will take place on Monday, May 6.
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.