Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck enjoyed a night out at the Los Angeles Lakers game over the weekend – alongside a slew of other A-list celebrities.
The couple stepped out with the actor’s 12-year-old son, Samuel (whom he shares with ex Jennifer Garner), to watch the Lakers take on the Golden State Warriors at the Crypto.com Arena on Saturday.
The “Let’s Get Loud” songstress, 54, and Affleck, 51, held each other close as they intently watched the game courtside with the pre-teen.
It appears they were unable to keep their hands to themselves as they were seen packing on the PDA in the hallway of the arena in a fan video posted to X.
A second clip showed Lopez and Affleck jamming out to a dance routine from the Laker Girls, while another documented Warriors point guard Stephen Curry shaking hands with Samuel.
Lopez dressed to impress for the star-studded event, rocking a cropped tweed jacket over a white T-shirt with baggy jeans and sequined blue boots. She accessorized with sunglasses, a cross necklace and gold hoops.
Her husband opted for comfort in a flannel, a blue coat, jeans, a baseball cap and sneakers. Meanwhile, Samuel was decked out head-to-toe in Warriors gear in support of Curry, 36.
At some point during the night, the “On The Floor” hitmaker got up to greet Bad Buddy, who was also sitting courtside. 
For more Page Six you love…
The 30-year-old Puerto Rican rapper – who wore a leather jacket, gloves, jeans and sunglasses – was all smiles while hugging Lopez.
However, there appeared to be no interaction between the “Monaco” hitmaker and Kim Kardashian just months after he called it quits from the reality star’s sister Kendall Jenner. 
The Skims founder, 43, watched the game courtside with her and Kanye West’s son Saint. 
Kardashian – who also shares kids North, Chicago and Psalm with her ex-husband – put on a trendy display in a white T-shirt and black leather pants. 
Her stylish 8-year-old rocked a purple Lakers jersey emblazoned with the number “6” in support of NBA superstar LeBron James.
The A-list stars watched as the Warriors beat the Lakers 128 to 121. 
Hollywood’s most notable celebrities are known to dominate the courtside seats during each NBA season. Most recent sightings include Jenner, Hailey Bieber, Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco.
Advertisement