Tracks from the likes of SZA, Rosalía and Bad Bunny are reported to have already been withdrawn from the platform
This week (February, 27), Tiktok confirmed that it has begun removing music owned by Universal Music Publishing Group (UMPG) — amid an ongoing licensing dispute with the major label.
Last month, UMG informed TikTok of its intentions to withdraw music from the platform as the two conglomerates failed to reach a new licensing agreement — with a current contract set to expire on January 31.
UMG is requesting “appropriate compensation” for the use of its music on the platform, while TikTok argues that its platform provides “free promotion” for UMG’s talent — the two companies have yet to find an agreement.
As such, the social media platform has been forced to remove songs owned or distributed by UMG.
Read this next: How emerging DJs are using TikTok to reach millions
In the next stage of the dispute, Music Business Worldwide reports that TikTok is now also required to remove songs associated with Universal Music Publishing Group (UMPG) as the current license is set to expire this Friday (March, 1).
According to the report, this means removing songs written, co-written, owned and/or distributed by UMG or UMPG, muting any videos containing the now unlicensed music. 
This includes work by the likes of global superstars, “Adele, Harry Styles, SZA, Rosalía, Justin Timberlake, and Bad Bunny.”
According to TechRound, TikTok’s most recent statement on the matter said: “We remain committed to reaching an equitable agreement with Universal Music Group.”
Read this next: How the #BrokenRecord campaign is fighting to fix the music industry
Yesterday (February, 28), in a quarterly earnings call, the managing director of Universal Music Group, Sir Lucian Grainge said on the matter: “There must not be free rides for massive global platforms such as TikTok that refuse to meaningfully address issues around AI, platform safety, or pay their fair share for our artists and songwriters’ work.”
“We’re friendly people,” said Grainge, according to Music Ally, “My phone is open, unfortunately, 24 hours a day. We hope that we will be able to find solutions.”
Estimates of the impact of UMG/UMPG’s decision continue to be debated in reports. MBW pointed to a “test” conducted by TikTok in Australia which found the market declined last year after users were restricted from access to major label music. 
MBW writes that sources within TikTok dispute these figures. 
Belle Richardson is Mixmag's Digital Intern, follow her on Twitter

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
  

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.