Fists went flying at Bad Bunny’s concert over the weekend.
A video circulating on social media shows a group of women engaged in an all-out brawl at the 30-year-old rapper’s Most Wanted Tour in Dallas, Texas on Saturday, according to TMZ.
The footage shows at least two different pairs of women throwing blows and pulling hair, while a group of men try to pull them away from each other.
The Puerto Rican rapper was oblivious to the situation considering the distance between the stage and where the fight broke out. He carried on with the show performing his hit single, “Me Porto Bonito.”
It’s not clear if there were any arrests made or if any of the women’s injuries required medical attention.
Considering how fans complained last year about Bad Bunny’s steep tour prices, it’s confusing how everyone can’t just get along in their very expensive seats and focus on having a good time.
The otherwise successful tour hasn’t gone without some controversy. The rapper sued a fan named in March for posting full-length concert footage to his YouTube channel and claimed that his uploads took views and ad revenue away from his official page.
Bad Bunny’s Most Wanted Tour will visit New Orleans on Tuesday and visit other major cities including Nashville, Atlanta, and Orlando before wrapping up on May 26 in Miami, Florida.
music | BY tara mahadevan
Watch Bad Bunny Attempt Tongue Twisters as He Prepares for Brooklyn Concert
sports | BY Mark Elibert
Bad Bunny's Rimas Sports Agency Is Facing Sanctions From MLBPA
music | BY Alex Ocho
Bad Bunny Sues Fan For Uploading Concert Footage on YouTube
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.