The 2024 Oscars ceremonykicked off as film industry luminaries strolled the legendary red carpet at the Dolby Theatre at Ovation Hollywood, on Hollywood Boulevard in Los Angeles. Accompanied by the sound of fans lining the bleachers at the red carpet's entrance, nominees, guests, filmmakers, presenters, and other attendees arrived at the 96th Academy Awards in an array of gowns, tuxedos, and haute couture designs. Some were works of art, others excellent choices, with black emerging as the dominant color of the night.
There were also surprises, good and bad.
Among the best-dressed of the night were the Latino stars. Nominees Becky G (Best Song) and Coleman Domingo (Best Actor) didn't disappoint. The Mexican American singer-songwriter wore a custom Vera Wang dress, with a metallic golden top, black sleeves, and a black skirt. Bad Bunny was a no-show on the carpet, although he was confirmed as a presenter.
A contagem de flashs, rainha!! Becky G o melhor look da noite! #Oscars pic.twitter.com/ImAX00AZMe
 Anya Taylor-Joy, who is a presenter and was promoting her upcoming movie "Furiosa," from the Mad Max universe, wore a dress inspired by the painting "The Birth of Venus," by Italian Renaissance painter Sandro Boticelli. Mexican born Lupita Nyong'o was stunning in a light gray-sea foamy colored dress.
Among the good surprises was America Ferrera, who, for the first time during her "Barbie"-related appearances, wore a gorgeous totally pink dress. She was accompanied first by nominated musicians Billie Eilish and her brother FINNEAS, and then by her husband, who also plays her husband in the movie.
Billie Eilish, America Ferrera and FINNEAS pose together at the #Oscars. pic.twitter.com/sl0tmgRRmT
Uruguayan actor Enzo Vogrincic, star of the "Society of the Snow" consolidated his position as the new Latino heartthrob, looking dapper, as he walked the carpet.
Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling—Barbie and Ken themselves—said goodbye to the last event to represent their movie, looking spectacular. In the 'Oppenheimer camp, Emily Blunt and her husband, John Krasinski, were on point, while Robert Downey Jr. managed to be classic and quirky simultaneously, which was quite a feat. As usual, Zendaya stole the show with a look that surpassed her spectacular sartorial run during the "Dune 2" press tour and multiple premieres.
The first of the bigger stars to arrive was Vanessa Hudgens, who brought an unexpected accessory: her baby bump. The musicians of the Osage tribe, who will perform their nominated song "Following That Drum" during the ceremony, were also early birds on the red carpet, looking incredible in their native costumes.
The Latino stars slayed the 2024 Oscar's red carpet. Rita Moreno was wearing a black wig, and an ornate black dress, looking very much like the movie star she is. Eva Longoria, also in black, projected a calm elegance that she promised was in contrast with Becky G.'s performance later in the night.
Osage Tribe musicians
James Wood and his wife
The ceremony for the 96th Academy Awards can be seen on ABC. Hosted by Jimmy Kimmel and live-streamed from the Dolby Theatre at Ovation Hollywood, the 2024 Oscars are also accessible on various streaming platforms like Hulu Live TV, YouTube TV, DirecTV Stream, FuboTV, and Sling TV.
The darling of the night is "Oppenheimer," with 13 total nominations. It's followed by "Poor Things" with 11, and "Killers of the Flower Moon" with 10.
© 2025 Latin Times. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.