I often think about my former students and players from my teaching and coaching days. You hope when you are in the position of a teacher or a coach that you can leave a positive mark on the young people you are working with. But I’m not sure that they realize the mark they leave on us as well.
Susan Bennett
My first teaching position was in Bertrand with a community population of around 600 people at the time. I was hired to teach Chapter, pulling small groups out of classrooms to work on extra support in reading and math. I worked with first- through sixth-grade groups every day. My classroom at the time was right next to the second-grade classroom. Their teacher would stand at their door to send them to me and I would greet them at mine.
As they entered my room one day, a little fella named Chris said to me, “I screwed up on my math today so that I could come see you.”
Then after two years in that position, there was a large kindergarten class that they were going to have to split into two sections. So I moved for three years with those kids, teaching first grade, then second and finally third grade. Although the classes were remixed each year, I likely had each of those students for two of those years. These were the kids that had a surprise birthday party for me including a gallon bucket of ice cream that sat in one of their book bags for a few hours. This was also the class with a student that brought a “special” show-and-tell after her family had castrated calves the weekend before.
There were behavior issues like there are in any classroom, but I remember much more good with those kids than I do anything else. They hold a special place in my heart because they went through one of the worst years of my life with me during the 1992-93 school year when I lost my mom and my husband just 19 days apart. One even came to my house while I was home with a gift of a stuffed sleepy bunny in a hammock, knowing that I collected bunnies. But more important than the gift was the hug that he wanted to bring me. You don’t forget those things.
That was also the first school where I coached volleyball. That was an eye-opening experience. But again, I have more good than bad memories of those girls. At the time, the song “Don’t Worry, Be Happy” was popular and a group of girls got me a sweatshirt with those words on the front.
Then I moved to teaching in Holdrege. There were some interesting experiences there as well. I had one student that I swore would be the next Unabomber. But in all the years since then I’ve never seen his name in the national news, so I guess I was wrong. That class also contained a pageant girl whose mother had interesting advice for her daughter on how to treat others. When I moved over to the other grade school, I had two little boys that were always in trouble, Brett and Aaron. They were total opposites physically, Brett a bigger boy and Andrew was tiny. They were kind of the Mutt and Jeff pair. They were in trouble, but they were openly ornery and truly remorseful when scolded. I couldn’t help but love them.
After moving to the metropolis of Eustis, I was again teaching elementary and helping coach high school volleyball. This was also the time that I adopted a “Student of the Week” program in my classroom and part of that was a home visit with them. They would stay with me after school and then I would drive them to their house and stay for one hour to do any activity they chose. We played games, I saw collections they had and got tours around their farms. I got to know those kids well.
Those volleyball girls also became very special to me as well. Partly because I’d known several of them since their fifth-grade year when we had moved there and my oldest son had joined their class. There were some fun game bus rides and long tournament weekends as well as qualifying for the state tournament. Spending that much time together means you get to know those kids well.
All of the students and players are adults now. Thanks to Facebook, I have watched them grow and prosper and start their own families. They are now teachers and business owners, farmers and doctors, physical therapists and nurses and military veterans. I’ve talked to them about their own children and congratulated them on their success as well as tried to comfort them with the loss of their own parents or support them through their illnesses and struggles.
So, if you are reading this, my classroom children and players, please know the impact you had on me. Even after the days of frustration and fatigue, you made my life better. Thank you. You, my loves, helped make my life sunny side up.
Get opinion pieces, letters and editorials sent directly to your inbox weekly!
Devotion to Jesus is the highest form of loving him. 
Shouts of laughter rang out from our den on Easter Sunday. Sydney was home from Lincoln and she and Jordan, Brian and Evan were watching telev…
LINCOLN — When it comes to the whys and hows of state tax policy, it’s hard to beat public hearings of the Revenue Committee at the Nebraska L…
‘Tis the season of spring cleaning! But cleaning, whether in the spring or just on a regular basis, hits a little differently when you live alone. 
LINCOLN — When I was a kid, our grade school class was one of many that got to visit John Brown’s Cave in Nebraska City. 
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.