Virtual concerts were cool, but we're ready to have the real thing back.
LIVE MUSIC FESTIVALS are always a cultural barometer of where people are in their lives.  It's especially true when you have a superstar like J. Cole attracting tens of thousands of people from across the country to descend on Raleigh, North Carolina, for his annual Dreamville Festival. 
At this year's festival held at Dorothea Dix Park, the never-ending lines outside of vendor stations to buy $90 Champion hoodies or $25 jerk chicken wings was proof inflation couldn't impede happiness. Waves of festivalgoers parading under the inescapable heat at 1 pm for a festival that wouldn't end for another nine hours was proof excitement for Dreamville Festival was indefatigable. Some people swayed to SZA's empyrean vocals with their arms clasped around each other under a blanket to give each other warmth when the night sky had turned frigid. Other people signaled to performers like rapper Key Glock that their fellow audience members needed medical assistance. 
At Dreamville Festival, people weren't simply music lovers; they were human in the communal sense of the word. When J. Cole ended the festival with a surprising apology for engaging in a lyrical battle with his friend Kendrick Lamar, dozens of fans shot each other the same quizzical look, communicating their confusion without saying a word. It was that same unspoken bond seen in the smirks people shot to strangers around them before forming a circle of ass-shaking to Sexyy Red or rapping every supersonic syllable of JiD's "Down Bad" verse to each other. The 100,000+ patrons spread across two days are no longer living their best lives at Dreamville Festival. 
But, one thought wouldn't leave my mind the entire time I was there: It wasn't so long ago that this was merely a fantasy.  
When live music promoters started suspending tours in March 2020 due to COVID-19, a part of me began to die.
As the concert-less months continued, my music-loving friends turned into ghosts, sunshine on summer days reminded me of outdoor festivals of yesteryear, and listening to new music felt hollow.
Then came live-streamed shows. At first, being able to catch a rare H.E.R. jam session with Chloe x Halle an hour before an equally rare Questlove DJ set was kind of awesome—and all I had to do was switch browser tabs.
But after six months of streaming shows, virtual concerts faded into the endless screen-time void of Zoom work meetings and Google Hangouts. Music, once a refuge from the chaos of life, became a reminder of what I was missing: human connection.
No matter how loudly I belted out sing-alongs alone in my apartment, I couldn’t recapture the feeling of doing the same with thousands of people IRL. Research bears this out.
“Music has clear access to the ‘reward’ or pleasure centers of the brain. We are also very rewarded by social connection, so live music creates a double whammy of pleasurable experiences,” says Jessica Grahn, Ph.D., who heads the Music and Neuroscience Lab at Western University’s Brain and Mind Institute. 
This makes sense to me: Streaming shows can only ever be a virtual--reality experience. But why had recorded music also sounded so flat to me during the pandemic?
“We see greater brain synchrony for live music than recorded music, which is paralleled by feelings of social connection and engagement,” Grahn says.
That was it. It wasn’t only connection I was missing but a shared experience. Charles Darwin once theorized that humans communicated through musical sounds before they did through speech. I didn’t just need to go to a live concert. I needed to commune.
And I wasn’t alone. 
Look to the legions of Bad Bunny fans who, after helping the rapper become the most streamed artist on Spotify in 2020 and 2021, made his El Último Tour del Mundo 2022 the fastest-selling tour on Ticketmaster since 2018. Look to Coachella, which sold out multi-day passes back in January in a matter of hours. There’s a hunger to bear witness. 
So when New York joined other states in lifting vaccine and mask mandates for indoor events this spring, I made sure I found a way to get to the Tyler, the Creator show at Madison Square Garden a few weeks after.
Minutes after Tyler’s show began, a bespectacled college kid and I went from strangers to momentary best friends, our arms draped over each other, reciting lyrics about Tyler’s threesomes with a triceratops. And as I belted out “don’t leave” from the song “Earfquake” with tens of thousands of other people I had never met, I didn’t just know live music was back; I knew I had been reborn. 
Find a show. Call a friend. Or don’t—because you’ll discover at least one (or maybe thousands) reconnecting just like you. 
Huge music fan? Just looking to freshen up your workout playlist? Men's Health on Spotify has it all. Follow us here.
Keith Nelson is a writer by fate and journalist by passion, who has connected dots to form the bigger picture for Men’s Health, Vibe Magazine, LEVEL MAG, REVOLT TV, Complex, Grammys.com, Red Bull, Okayplayer, and Mic, to name a few.  
Wellness Travel Secrets from Our Editor in Chief
A Golfer’s Guide to Ocean City
What I Learned at Surf Camp
Jalen Hurts Says He Cried After He Got Benched
Yes, I Broke Into an Abandoned Zoo With My Kid
A Bermuda Itinerary for the Competitive Traveler
I Spent a Wild Week at an Ranch With My 3 Sons
What To Cook When You’ve Got Weekday Fatigue
I Went to MagicCon With My Son—and Survived!
Why I’m Grateful I’m a Restaurant Dad
Why Don't You Have a Subscription Box Yet?
Actually, Driving Your Kids to School Is Awesome
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazines, Inc. All Rights Reserved.