Taylor Swift fans suspect a relationship may be brewing between Kendall Jenner and the singer’s ex Joe Alwyn after the pair were seen posing for photos together at the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures 4th Annual Gala in Los Angeles on Saturday. 
Alwyn, who dated Swift from 2017 to April 2023, and Jenner were seen smiling for a photographer alongside another one of Swift’s exes Patrick Schwarzenegger. 
Chatter of a potential romance then escalated online after fans noticed Alwyn liked Jenner’s Sunday Instagram post from the event. 
As many fans remember, Swift publicly feuded with Jenner’s older sister Kim Kardashian for several years. So, the prospect of a budding relationship building between Jenner and Alwyn has unsurprisingly sent Swifties into a frenzy online. 
“It looks like we’re heading to a relationship between Kendall Jenner and Joe Alwyn which would drive so many people crazy,” TikTok user hankatherinee said of the pair’s alleged interaction. 
“This would be huge because as you know Swifties would go crazy because we know the past between Taylor, Kim and Kanye, and Joe is Taylor’s ex, so him dating a KarJenner would be wild.”
The romance speculation comes shortly after Jenner was rumored to have rekindled her relationship with her former boyfriend Devin Booker in September. 
The pair were seen getting cozy while out to dinner at the Surf Club restaurant in Miami last month, according to photos obtained by celebrity gossip blog DeuxMoi.
Most recently, the blog speculated Jenner was with the Phoenix Suns star earlier this month as he was on the team’s injury reserve list and did not travel with the rest of his teammates for their Oct. 13 game in Denver, Colo. 
Based on one of Jenner’s recent Instagram posts, which are believed to have been taken in Arizona, the blog site claims Jenner stayed with the NBA player during this time. 
Jenner and Booker dated on and off from 2020 to October 2022 before she got together with Bad Bunny in early 2023.
The “I Like It” hitmaker dated the “Kardashians” star for nearly a year until December 2023.
Advertisement