Taylor Swift performs at Soldier Field on June 2, 2023, in Chicago. (Shanna Madison/Chicago Tribune/TNS)
FAIRFIELD — Taylor Swift’s "The Eras Tour" is the most anticipated music concert in the U.S., with 809,800 monthly Google searches on average.
Morgan Wallen’s "One Night at a Time" tour and Bad Bunny’s "Most Wanted" tour are tied for second.
Experts at JeffBet analyzed the average monthly search volume for search terms relating to artists touring in the U.S. in 2024, such as "Bad Bunny concert tickets" and "Morgan Wallen tickets" to compose the list.
The other artists, in numerical order, are Bad Bunny, Drake, Zach Bryan, Stevie Nicks, Adele, Bruce Springsteen, Luke Combs and George Strait.
"With the music industry growing increasingly crowded, with the ability for artists to self-publish their material, it is becoming harder and harder for artists to promote their music and become prominent features on the music scene," said a spokesperson for JeffBet.
"Therefore, these music events pay testament to the talent of the artists and the hard work they have put into their careers to reach this level of success and acclaim. They will inspire and pave the way for future artists and ensure that the music and touring industries remain the strong marketplaces that they are.”
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.
Each day's obituaries, delivered to your inbox.
Receive occasional local offers from our website and its advertisers.
Get the latest headlines on local sports!
Get our expert short-term forecast, summary of the weather details and news of any severe weather.
We'll send breaking news and news alerts to you as they happen!
 Receive our newspaper electronically with the e-Edition email.
Best trending stories from the week.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.