It is Friday March 1, 2024.
March is a weather transition month. It is typically a month where if you don't like the weather, just wait a while it will change. The third month of the year runs the gamut from cold and sometimes snow to hot and humid to stormy with tornadoes.
The average daytime high at the beginning of the month starts off at 62ºF, while the average overnight low starts at 40ºF. By the time you reach the end of the month, those temperatures have risen to 71ºF for the average high, and 47ºF for the average low. On average, the temperature drops to or below the freezing mark on 6.1 days in March, with the last freeze usually occurring in mid to late March.
The hottest March Day on record in Alabama occurred in Birmingham at 90 degrees in 1907. The coldest was on March 14, 1993, right after The Blizzard of 1993. With 13 inches of snow on the ground across much of north Alabama, the mercury dipped to an incredible 2ºF.
March is also a critical month for crops, especially the valuable peach orchards of Chilton County. A late freeze can severely damage the trees and limit the quality of the peaches and size of the crop. Most all blooms at this time of the year are vulnerable.
Today also marks the beginning of the official Spring Primary Severe Weather Season. Because this is the time of weather transition it pays to be prepared.
The Forecast:
Today: Showers and possibly a thunderstorm before 3pm, then a chance of showers and thunderstorms after 3pm. High near 57. East wind around 5 mph. Chance of precipitation is 100%. New rainfall amounts between a quarter and half of an inch possible.
Tonight: A 50 percent chance of showers, mainly before 3am. Patchy fog. Otherwise, cloudy, with a low around 52. East wind around 5 mph becoming calm in the evening. New precipitation amounts of less than a tenth of an inch possible.
Saturday: Patchy fog before 9am. Otherwise, mostly cloudy, with a high near 71. Calm wind becoming east around 5 mph.
Saturday Night: Mostly cloudy, with a low around 53. Calm wind.
Sunday: A 20 percent chance of showers after noon. Partly sunny, with a high near 76. Calm wind becoming southeast around 5 mph.
Sunday Night: A 20 percent chance of showers after midnight. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 59.
Nest Week: Showers and thunderstorms are in the forecast each day Monday through Thursday. Highs should be in the mid to upper 70s with lows from mid 50s to near 60.
Topping the News:
Progress has been made in helping couples with infertility issues start a family in Alabama, or has it? Republicans in the Alabama House scurried to pass legislation yesterday that would hopefully protect Invitro Fertilization Clincs and their patients from the State Supreme Court ruling that declared frozen embryo as children.
A similar bill passed in the senate but not before Greensboro Democrat Senator Bobby Singleton chided GOP lawmakers as causing the problem by passing the nation's most restrictive abortion law. During the floor debate Singleton told the majority party members, "It is your fault and now you are having to suffer the consequences. Every woman in the state should be pointing their finger at you.
Democrat alleged the supreme court ruled as they did to protect the anti-abortion law.
The two bills still identify a frozen embryo as being a child.
Bipartisanship is mostly a bad word in politics these days, but Democrat UAB grad and Bama supports, Tuscaloosa Mayor Walt Maddox and Republican Auburn grad Gov. Kay Ivey are attempting to reverse the trend.
They are participating in the National Governors Association’s “Disagree Better” initiative, aims to set a new standard for political discourse in the state and beyond.
The nation’s increasingly combative, and sometimes violent, political landscape has leaders concerned that all levels of politics are becoming too polarized to get much accomplished from city hall to county courthouses, state capitols to Washington D.C.
The death of Walker County inmate Tony Walker, who died in custody of the sheriff's office in Jasper, has been ruled a homicide. The Alabama Department of Forensic Sciences conducted the autopsy but only released the death certificate.
Mitchell's cause of death was listed as hypothermia with underlying causes of "sepsis resulting from infected injuries obtained during incarceration and medical neglect."
Protesters in front of the Walker County Sheriff's Office demand that Sheriff Nick Smith and deputies be held accountable.
The City of Tuscaloosa is in the early stages of planning to remove the overpasses above Veteran's Parkway East. The City Council's Projects Committee admit the structure is still sound but claim it will not stay that way and that few people use it. They say it will cost some $2 million to remodel the decades old structure.
Commemoration of the Selma to Montgomery Voting Rights March and "Bloody Sunday" Bridge Crossing takes place this weekend. Various programs will take place tonight and Saturday, but Sunday will be the main day.
Vice President Kamala Harris will be among dignitaries address the downtown rally before recreating the crossing of the Edmund Pettus Bridge where Alabama Highway patrol beat marches attempt to walk to Montgomery to demand equal voting rights.
The American Heart Association is conducting its annual "Heart Walk" in downtown Tuscaloosa tomorrow morning. The event remembers those who passed from heart disease and celebrates survivors. It also has a goal of raising $350,000 for heart research.
Sign-in begins at 8:00am with the walk beginning at 9:00am.
The 2024 Northport Bunny Trail makes its grand opening from 11:00am. until 1:00pm.
Downtown Northport will be lined with 120 beautifully decorated eggs approximately 5' tall.  Each egg is sponsored and decorated by local businesses, organizations, and individuals. The Bunny Trail will also boast four unique events throughout the month of March to get you in the spirit of Springtime!
Topping Sports:
Tomorrow's visit to T-Town by 4th ranked Tennessee may be the biggest game ever played at Coleman Coliseum by Alabama. It is a battle for first place in the Southeastern Conference regular season race and it is drawing national attention. Tipoff is at 8:00pm on Tide 100.9 and 95.3 The Bear.
The 14th ranked Tide is also hosting the iconic ESPN "College Gameday" show for the first time. Auburn hosted earlier this season. The eyes of the national collegiate basketball world will be on T-Town tomorrow morning and evening.
ESPN's popular "College Basketball Gameday" hosted by Bama grad Reese Davis with analysts Jay Bilas, Seth Greenberg, Jay Williams and Andraya Carter typically draws big crowds to support the home team. Here is hoping Bama fans will pack the house. Gates open at 10:00am. with the program airing live at 11:00am.
Alabama Women’s Basketball Outlasts Florida on Senior Night, 76-73 at Coleman Coliseum.
Alabama Outlasts UNI in Thursday Pitcher’s Duel, 1-0.
Via social media, Northridge high school basketball star Jonas Wilkin has announced his commitment to a PWO offer from the Crimson Tide.
Read More: Northridge Basketball Star Commits to PWO Offer From Alabama | https://tide1009.com/northridge-basketball-star-commits-to-alabama/?utm_source=tsmclip&utm_medium=referral
Jasper plays for the 5A Girls State basketball Championship in Birmingham. 
Have a great weekend and ROLL TIDE!!