Katie Price recently shared that she believes her ex Peter Andre is ‘jealous’ of her.
The pair, who famously began their romance in the I’m A Celeb jungle in 2004, split in 2009 amid rumours of Katie being unfaithful, which she denies.
Katie, 46, shares two children, Junior, 19, and Princess, 16, with the Mysterious Girl singer, 51. 
Katie also has three other children, two from her marriage to Kieran Hayler, a son named Jett, and a daughter named Bunny. Her son Harvey is her eldest and was born in 2002 with ex-footballer Dwight Yorke. 
The former glamour model rarely speaks about her current relationship with Peter, but that changed recently as she broke her silence on her ex on The Louis Theroux Podcast. 
She called meeting Peter ‘his lucky day,’ telling the host: ‘I was already established. He’d met me and it was his lucky day. So we always had separate contracts. There’s no way I’m splitting half and half, no thanks.’
When asked how her relationship with Peter is now, she said simply: ‘Don’t speak to him.’
When Louis asked her for a reason, she responded: ‘Just don’t. It’s all through legals. He was quite jealous of me working.’
It’s been clear for quite some time that things aren’t overly sunny between Katie and Peter, with the reality star telling the Daily Mail earlier this summer that her children are well aware that Peter gets better treatment in the press than she does.
‘They know the truth, and that’s the thing,’ Katie shared about her children. ‘They know that their dad is never written about in a bad way.’
At the time of their much-publicised split in 2009, speculation emerged that Katie had an affair with her horse riding instructor Andrew Gould.
Peter was said to be devastated after the split, and Katie largely didn’t comment on it, which was unlike the highly public star. 
‘They know I’m always written about in a bad way. Their dad’s always the good, I’m always the bad, but they know the truth about everything,’ she continued.
When asked if the singer felt her ex-husband’s inner circle considered her the ‘bad guy’, Katie replied: ‘I don’t think they really care what happens to me if I’m honest.’
Katie’s latest comments come after an eventful summer for the podcast host, who recently showed off her brand new body during a European getaway in Cyprus after recovering from her latest boob job and her sixth facelift.
Katie ran into trouble earlier this year when she jetted off to Turkey for a £10,000 facelift as she skipped out on her court date relating to her second bankruptcy.
Now, having appeared before a judge at the end of August, she recently holidayed in Cyprus with her boyfriend, Married at First Sight star JJ Slater, with her ex-husband far from her mind. 
The Louis Theroux Podcast is available on Spotify now.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Katie Price reveals infuriating side effects from plastic surgery treatments
Arrow
MORE: Katie Price back behind the wheel after 18-month driving ban
Arrow
MORE: Katie Price shows off another painful-looking injury on luxury Cyprus holiday