Posted in: MTV, Preview, streaming, TV | Tagged: drag race, mtv, preview, rupaul, season 16
Hitting MTV screens later today, check out the opening moments to RuPaul's Drag Race Season 16 Episode 7 "The Sound of Rusic."
By the time the sequins settled on S16E06: "Welcome to the DollHouse," Xunami Muse won the Flamenco Dance Contest
mini-challenge before our queens were challenged to design dolls based on their drag personas. After Geneva Karr, Mhi'ya Iman Le'Paige & Plasma were hit with seriously negative responses, Plasma was given the green light for another week. That left Geneva Karr & Mhi'ya Iman Le'Paige to lip-sync to Janet Jackson's Control to save themselves – with Mhi'ya Iman Le'Paige walking away with the win and Geneva Karr heading home. That brings us to our weekly preview of MTV's RuPaul's Drag Race Season 16 – as we offer you a look at the opening to S16E07: "The Sound of Rusic." And if that sounds like it's time for the season's "Rusical," then you are a true fan. For this go-around set high in the Swiss Alps, a young queen called Mariah goes in search of a musical outlet for her inner freak. And if you're going to have anything to do with musicals, how could you not have director Adam Shankman as a guest judge? Check out the opening above, and then check out our updated rundown of this season's queens.
WELCOME BACK! Of course, Emmy Award-winning host RuPaul and mainstay judges Michelle Visage, Carson Kressley, Ross Mathews & Ts Madison are back for another season of fierceness.
WHO ARE THIS SEASON'S GUEST JUDGES? For the two-episode premiere, "Drag Race" has award-winning actress & producer Charlize Theron and acclaimed musician Becky G. During the season, viewers can also look forward to seeing Adam Shankman, Icona Pop (Caroline Hjelt + Aino Jawo), Isaac Mizrahi, Jamal Sims, Joel Kim Booster, Kaia Gerber, Kelsea Ballerini, Kyra Sedgwick, Law Roach, Mayan Lopez, Ronan Farrow, and Sarah Michelle Gellar.
WHEN/WHERE CAN I WATCH? The two-episode season premiere runs on Friday, January 5th & Friday, January 12th – with each 90-minute episode airing on Fridays at 8:00 PM ET/PT on MTV. If you have a cable login but want to watch online, you can view the series via MTV.com. Otherwise, you may want to consider some free trial offers that Sling TV, Fubo TV, Philo, Hulu+Live TV, YouTube TV, DirecTV Stream, and other might be offering.
Season 16 of Drag Race features 14 queens vying for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar" and a cash prize of $200,000. Here's a rundown of the remaining queens – including Amanda Tori Meating (Los Angeles, CA), Dawn (Brooklyn, NY), Geneva Karr (Brownsville, TX), Megami (Brooklyn, NY), Mhi'ya Iman Le'Paige (Miami, FL), Mirage (Las Vegas, NV), Morphine Love Dion (Miami, FL), Nymphia Wind (Taiwan/NY), Plane Jane (Boston, MA), Plasma (New York, NY), Q (Kansas City, MO), Sapphira Cristál  (Philadelphia, PA), and Xunami Muse (New York, NY):
DAWN, 24 – BROOKLYN, NY | @upuntil.dawn
The self-described "ethereal elf goddess of Brooklyn," Dawn is a fitting name for a queen who often stays up late enough to see the sunrise. Designing and constructing almost all of her eccentric looks, this kooky and artistic queen always brings a story when she hits the stage… and she's hoping for a happy ending at Drag Race!
MEGAMI, 33 – BROOKLYN, NY | @megaminyc
This self-proclaimed "geek-chic" queen started doing drag as a cosplayer at conventions such as Comic Con, and from there incorporated high fashion into her characterful designs. Proudly claiming Nuyorican culture, Megami means "Goddess" in Japanese, and this creative force now hopes to rule the Drag Race world!
MHI'YA IMAN LE'PAIGE, 34 – MIAMI, FL | @queenofflipss
Get ready for your world to be turned upside down! An electrifying performer, Mhi'ya is known as the Queen of Flips. That's because you can find Mhi'ya performing her thrilling flips and tricks in the sun, on the sidewalks of South Beach. Mhi'ya's videos of her flipping onto café tables have caught fire on social media– now she's ready to flip the competition on its head!
MORPHINE LOVE DION, 25 – MIAMI, FL | @morphinelovemua
Body, beauty and "mug": just what the doctor ordered. Morphine started out doing makeup tutorials on social media. Now, she is the self-proclaimed "It Girl of Miami." Can this trained dancer– who has been featured in Maluma and Bad Bunny music videos– cha cha her way to the top of the competition?
NYMPHIA WIND, 27 – TAIWAN / NY | @66wind99
Banana Time! RuPaul's Drag Race's first queen to hail from Taiwan, Nymphia came to the United States to build on her massive fanbase of "Banana Believers" – a term given to her fans thanks to her signature color yellow, and penchant for the absurd. Inspired by Asian culture, art and tradition, let's hope she doesn't slip up in the competition!
PLANE JANE, 24 – BOSTON, MA | @the_planejane
Fasten your seatbelts! Because yes, that is how you spell this diva's name. Plane Jane is as glamorous as she is wickedly funny; Boston-raised, but with Russian roots. No stranger to competition, Plane Jane was a competitive ballroom dancer as a child. Now she's focusing all of her passion on becoming America's Next Drag Superstar.
PLASMA, 24 – NEW YORK, NY | @plasmanyc
Straight out of Old Hollywood, this vintage-inspired femme fatale leaves all of the boys hot and bothered. Raised listening to Julie Andrews, Judy Garland and Barbra Streisand, Plasma channeled her love for divas into drag… and the rest is herstory. Can this queen's BFA in Musical Theatre Performance raise the roof at RuPaul's Drag Race? Time will tell!
Q, 26 – KANSAS CITY, MO | @living4q
The only letter of the alphabet you ever need worry about! This talented diva is a theater queen who specializes in the costuming aspect of drag. She makes all of her own looks, plus many commissioned costumes for prior Drag Race stars. Q is ready to go all the way in this competition; one design challenge after the next!
SAPPHIRA CRISTÁL, 34 – PHILADELPHIA, PA | @sapphiracristal
Philadelphia's crown jewel, Sapphira is a serious musician with a six-octave vocal range. This powerhouse performer studied Music Composition, Vocal Performance and Opera, and in drag she can be found hosting, singing, dancing and performing comedy. Is there anything this diva cannot do?!
XUNAMI MUSE, 33 – NEW YORK, NY | @xunamimuse 
This self-described "knock-off Naomi Campbell " is the supermodel of the season. Originally from Colón, Panama, Xunami moved to New York City, where Drag Race superstar Kandy Muse became her drag mother. Signed with a modeling agency in New York, time will tell if this leggy beauty can strut her way to the top!
WHAT ABOUT "RUPAUL'S DRAG RACE: UNTUCKED"? The Emmy Award-winning aftershow will premiere immediately following on MTV, offering viewers a behind-the-scenes look at the backstage drama as the queens anxiously await their fate in the competition.
HOW DO I FOLLOW ON SOCIAL MEDIA? For more information on RuPaul's Drag Race and up-to-date news, follow the long-running reality competition series on X, Instagram, TikTok, Threads,  Facebook, and WhatsApp for all the latest tea (with the hashtag: #DragRace).
SO WHAT'S THE FINE PRINT? RuPaul's Drag Race and RuPaul's Drag Race: Untucked are produced by World of Wonder Productions, with Fenton Bailey, Randy Barbato, Tom Campbell, Steven Corfe, Mandy Salangsang, Michele Mills and RuPaul Charles serving as executive producers. Daniel Blau Rogge serves as executive producer for MTV, and Julie Ha serves as supervising producer. The show's sponsors include Cash App, Olay Body, Smirnoff, and ViiV Healthcare.
Enjoyed this? Please share on social media!