By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG and RACHEL BOWMAN and MACKENZIE TATANANNI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:42, 1 March 2024   |  Updated:  12:37, 1 March 2024   
 38
View  comments
Jennifer Lawrence is set to be one of the presenters during the 96th Annual Academy Awards alongside other stars such as Kate McKinnon, Dwyane Johnson and Regina King. 
In a press release shared on Thursday, it was revealed that the stars will also join other presenters, such as Bad Bunny, Chris Hemsworth, Michael Keaton, Rita Moreno, John Mulaney, Catherine O'Hara, Octavia Spencer and Ramy Youssef. 
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences also took to its main Instagram page to share the additional celebrity names that will present. The caption read: 'Meet your second slate of presenters for the 96th Oscars.' 
The 2024 Oscars will take place next month on March 10 at the Dolby Theater in Hollywood.
Talk show host, Jimmy Kimmel, will also notably take on hosting duties at the anticipated ceremony for the fourth time. 
Jennifer Lawrence, 33, is set to be one of the presenters during the 96th Annual Academy Awards alongside other stars such as Kate McKinnon, Dwyane Johnson and Regina King; seen earlier this month in Paris 
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences also took to its main Instagram page to share the additional celebrity names that will present
While talking to People ahead of the event in an article published on Wednesday, he opened up about having the opportunity to host once again. 
'I feel like the Kansas City Chiefs going into this Oscars,' he gushed to the outlet. 'Like you've been there before, but it doesn't make a difference. It's still exciting and you still have to do well.' 
Kimmel also revealed that he has been trying to get fit for the big night and said he has simply been indulging in, 'sad salads and a lot of pathetic boxed meals that are delivered to my home.' 
'We work very hard to make the show as good as it possibly can be,' Jimmy expressed while also giving a shout out to his wife and co-executive producer, Molly McNearney, and the entire team. 
The star - who tied the knot with his wife in 2013 - said that Molly, 'always goes into everything with a measure of concern and feels the need to remind me of everything that goes along with hosting the Oscars.' 
'Weirdly, that just makes me more inclined to do it. Maybe I'm just argumentative by nature. But I know what I'm getting into.' 
Jimmy later added, 'The big challenge always is trying to keep the show moving, so it's a matter of picking your spots and popping in when you're needed and staying out of the picture when you're not.' 
'We've got some really great movies and great actors and performers. It's tricky, but I think we have it figured out as much as you can.' 
The 2024 Oscars will take place next month on March 10 at the Dolby Theater in Hollywood; Johnson seen in March 2023 in Hollywood
Regina King, known for roles in projects such as American Crime, will also step onto the Oscars stage to present an award; seen in October 2023 in L.A. 
Talk show host, Jimmy Kimmel, will also notably take on hosting duties at the anticipated ceremony for the fourth time
Previously announced presenters include: Mahershala Ali, Nicolas Cage, Jamie Lee Curtis, Brendan Fraser, Jessica Lange, Matthew McConaughey, Lupita Nyong'o, Al Pacino, Michelle Pfeiffer, Ke Huy Quan, Sam Rockwell, Michelle Yeoh and Zendaya. 
Others stars will also take to the stage at the annual ceremony next month to give memorable performances, such as Barbie's Ryan Gosling who is slated to sing I'm Just Ken. 
Billie Eilish will perform What Was I Made For, Jon Baptiste will sing It Never Went Away while Becky G is set to take to the stage to perform The Fire Inside. 
Scott George and the Osage Singers are slated to sing Wahzhazhe (A Song For My People) from Killers Of The Flower Moon. 
Oppenheimer garnered the most Oscar nominations with a total of 13 nods, including Best Picture and Best Leading Actor for Cillian Murphy. 
The impressive total - which also includes Best Supporting Actor and Actress for Robert Downey Jr. and Emily Blunt, as well as Best Director for Christopher Nolan - is just one nomination short of the all-time record set by Titanic in 1998. 
Last year's other smash hit movie - Barbie - was nominated for eight awards, but also fell victim to notable snubs from the Academy. 
Its star, Margot Robbie, was not nominated for Best Actress, while Greta Gerwig was not nominated for Best Director.
Others stars will also take to the stage at the annual ceremony next month to give memorable performances, such as Barbie's Ryan Gosling who is slated to sing I'm Just Ken; seen earlier this month in London 
Oppenheimer garnered the most Oscar nominations with a total of 13 nods, including Best Picture and Best Leading Actor for Cillian Murphy; cast seen above at 2024 SAG Awards 
Last year's other smash hit movie - Barbie - was nominated for eight awards, but also fell victim to notable snubs from the Academy
Another surprise saw America Ferrara nominated for Best Supporting Actress over her role in Barbie, with pundits saying her character's impassioned speech on feminism had sealed the deal. 
Barbie's other nominations include Best Picture, Best Supporting Actor for Ryan Gosling and two nods for Best Song - including Gosling's famed I'm Just Ken. 
The second most-nominated movie was Poor Things, a graphic art house movie starring Emma Stone that has wowed critics. 
Stone plays a sex-crazed young woman, with her performance wowing critics. She previously won Best Actress in 2017 for her performance in La La Land.
Yorgos Lanthimos' Poor Things took home 11 Oscar nominations and Killers of the Flower Moon landed 10.
For Best Actor in Leading Role, Bradley Cooper and Cillian Murphy are set to duke it out for the award. Colman Domingo, Paul Giamatti and Jeffrey Wright received nominations as well.
Leonardo DiCaprio was not recognized for his acting on Killers Of The Flower Moon.
Annette Bening, Lily Gladstone, Sandra Huller, Carey Mulligan and Emma Stone have been nominated for best actress in a leading role. Gladstone is the first Native American nominated for Best Actress, for her performance in Martin Scorsese's Killers of the Flower Moon.
What Was I Made For and I'm Just Ken from Barbie received their expected nominations for Best Original Song.
Gladstone is the first Native American nominated for Best Actress, for her performance in Martin Scorsese's Killers of the Flower Moon; seen earlier this month in L.A. 
For best actor in leading role Bradley Cooper and Cillian Murphy are set to duke it out for the award. Colman Domingo, Paul Giamatti and Jeffrey Wright received nominations as well; Cooper seen earlier this month in L.A. 
Sterling K. Brown, Robert De Niro, Robert Downey Jr., Ryan Gosling and Mark Ruffalo received nominations for Best Actor in a Supporting role.
Emily Blunt, Danielle Brooks, America Ferrera, Jodie Foster and Da'Vine Joy Randolph received nominations for Best Actress in a Supporting role.
Scorsese's Killers of the Flower Moon and Christopher Nolan's Oppenheimer were nominated for Best Directing, snubbing Greta Gerwig's Barbie. 
American Fiction, Anatomy Of A Fall, Barbie, The Holdovers, Killers Of The Flower Moon, Maestro, Oppenheimer, Past Lives, Poor Things and The Zone Of Interest landed Best Picture nominations. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group