In my dreams, the baby could talk. A one-day-old, apparently understanding the conversation going on around her crib, suddenly weighed in with a factual correction; a three-day-old, still in the hospital, piped up to agree that the surgical procedure being recommended was both unnecessary and outlandishly expensive; an infant, evidently inferring the entire universe from first principles, observed that soon she would be able to refer to her mother’s sister’s fiancé as her uncle. In the months before my partner’s due date, I experienced so many variations on this recurrent dream that it finally took a turn for the meta. In that version, when our newborn began to talk, I turned to the assembled family members and exclaimed, “The dreams were prophetic!”
Awaiting the birth of a child is a very strange experience. Life is full of momentous events, but, as a rule, they either happen with no warning whatsoever—someone you love is killed in a car accident; you step into a café and meet your future wife—or occur on a foreordained day: you graduate from college; you get married; you gain your citizenship. Having a baby is not like this, a fact that becomes increasingly obvious toward the end of a pregnancy. At thirty-four weeks, your baby is almost equally likely to be born in seven days or in two months. This presents all kinds of practical problems: How are you supposed to schedule parental leave? For what date should the grandparents buy plane tickets? How long do you have to meet a work deadline or to find curtains for the nursery? If, in your famished late-pregnancy state, you eat all the snacks in the bag you packed for the hospital, will you have time to replace them?
Such logistical issues are vexing. But the final weeks of pregnancy, with all the uncertainty and anticipation that they entail, also foster a very specific emotional state, one produced only by the experience of waiting, for an indeterminate amount of time, for something momentous to happen. And so lately I have been thinking, in the context of life, about something I have thought about for years in the context of literature: the structure, function, and strange pleasures of suspense.
Like a lot of fun things, suspense has a bad reputation. Its detractors have long regarded it as a cheap trick, deployed by hacks or sellouts to entertain the masses. In the nineteenth century, when whole classes of overtly suspenseful books began to emerge, including mystery novels and detective fiction, highbrow critics were quick to denounce them as “preaching to the nerves”—that is, winning over readers by provoking curiosity and excitement, rather than by offering any ethical or aesthetic fulfillment. “Tawdry,” “hideous,” “ignoble”: thus did Matthew Arnold denounce so-called railway books, the potboiling precursors to airport fiction.
Such opprobrium rests on a logical flaw: yes, tawdry literature is full of suspense, but virtually every other kind of literature is, too. In fact, outside of phone books and instruction manuals, it’s almost impossible to find a written work that doesn’t make use of suspense to captivate its readers. With effort, I can think of a few exceptions: Gertrude Stein, that grand doyenne of unconventional attraction, seldom uses suspense to seduce us, and books for very young children, like “Goodnight Moon” and “Pat the Bunny,” run on a different fuel entirely. But almost everyone else in the writing business is on Team Suspense. “A Time to Kill,” “Rear Window,” “Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy,” “To the Lighthouse,” “Beloved,” “The Magic Mountain,” all of Dickens, all of Shakespeare, the Book of Job: each of these is borne forward at least in part by the engine of suspense. Snobbish critics who get worked up when that engine steamrolls other literary desiderata, from prose style to character development, forget that the suspense itself is not to blame. On the contrary, it lies close to the origins and the essence of literature. As E. M. Forster noted in “Aspects of the Novel,” every work of fiction, no matter how lofty, must be built around a story, and, “qua story, it can have only one merit: that of making the audience want to know what happens next.”
As generations of would-be novelists can tell you, that is harder than it sounds. The mechanics of suspense are complicated and, like its moral and literary status, often misunderstood. Many people think that it’s created by withholding information, which is true—yet you cannot begin to create suspense without providing information as well. Take Alfred Hitchcock’s famous example, of a bomb going off in a film either with or without the audience’s foreknowledge. If it explodes with no warning, that’s surprising and disturbing, but it isn’t suspenseful. To feel suspense, viewers must know in advance that the bomb is there. If, say, you watched it getting wired to a car, all the subsequent scenes fill up with tension: the protagonist returning to fish an umbrella from the trunk, a police officer lingering to write a ticket, a crowd of elementary-school students swarming the crosswalk in front of the car. In other words, what creates the suspense is not that you don’t know what’s going to happen. It is that, broadly speaking, you do.
As all of this suggests, the experience of suspense is basically one of waiting. This is another counterintuitive fact about it: far from proceeding at a breakneck pace, suspense involves an artificial slowing down of time. Highly suspenseful books may indeed be “page-turners,” but that implies only that the reader moves quickly, not that the plot does. Once an audience’s curiosity has been piqued, the story line veers away from whatever might sate it, meandering rather than rushing toward its conclusion. This presents a challenge for the writer, since in many contexts—the D.M.V., the tarmac, on hold with Verizon—waiting is one of humankind’s least favorite activities. The secret to succeeding at suspense is to keep readers interested despite keeping them on ice. That’s why the most important part of a bomb, from a literary or cinematic perspective, is the timer. Counting from one to ten is boring, because what happens next is eleven. But counting from ten to one is gripping, because what happens next is: BOOM! As long as your audience knows that something important will happen soon, the act of slogging moment by moment through time ceases to be tedious and instead becomes thrilling.
Consider the following passage:
He picked up the raft, held it in front of him, and walked seaward. When the water reached his waist, he leaned forward. A swell caught the raft and lifted it, with the boy aboard. He centered himself so the raft lay flat. He paddled with both arms, stroking smoothly. His feet and ankles hung over the rear of the raft. He moved out a few yards, then turned and began to paddle up and down the beach.
So detailed is this description that it brings to mind the panel-by-panel illustrations for assembling IKEA furniture. The prose is pleasant enough, bobbing along like the boy on a becalmed surface. But it is not particularly suspenseful unless you encounter it in context: page 57 of Peter Benchley’s “Jaws.”
The most extreme version of this suspense-building strategy does not merely slow time down but effectively stops it, by yanking the reader away from the action just as it reaches its apex. This is the plot device known as the cliffhanger, a word whose putative origins lie not in pulp fiction but in a lesser-known Thomas Hardy novel, “A Pair of Blue Eyes.” In the relevant scene, a man named Henry Knight is strolling with his love interest along the cliffs of Cornwall when his hat blows off. He chases after it, one thing leads to another, and soon he is dangling from a sheer wall of rock, nothing beneath him but six hundred feet of air terminating in the fanged and foaming surface of the ocean.
I cannot in good conscience recommend “A Pair of Blue Eyes,” which brings to mind T. S. Eliot’s observation about Hardy—that “at times his style touches sublimity without ever having passed through the stage of being good.” Still, the scene on the cliff is a tiny, self-contained masterpiece: smart, riveting, and, so to speak, completely over the top. As his hero’s life hangs in the balance, Hardy makes his leisurely way through five hundred million years of history. Knight looks at an ancient trilobite fossilized in the rock face directly in front of his eyes, and finds his mind turning toward all the countless intervening creatures that link the two of them, from the primordial iguanodon to the earliest human. Facing death, it is not so much his own life that flashes before his eyes as all of life on earth. He thinks about those millions of years of vitality and mortality, he thinks about his beloved, he thinks about the indifference that in his circumstances passes for the malevolence of Nature, he thinks about the meaning of his apparently too brief life, and all the while he is suspended above the unforgiving Atlantic—left hanging, not unlike the audience, for more than a dozen pages, easily the best ones in the book. Far be it from me to disclose whether or not Henry Knight survives his ordeal. Either way, thus was the cliffhanger born.
Speaking of birth: consider the phrase “a pregnant pause.” You might imagine that the idiom was derived from the condition—that we call such a pause pregnant because it is bulging with something important that is about to happen. But that is backward. In a bit of linguistic history that my partner and I found pleasing when we stumbled across it in the months before her due date, “pregnant” meant “laden with significance” before it meant laden with child.
A pregnancy is, in effect, a very long cliffhanger: a state of “expecting,” as the apt euphemism has it, that drags on and on and on. A pregnant pause, by contrast, is a very short cliffhanger: a conversational fermata that fills listeners with anticipation. That it can do so through a technique no more sophisticated than a simple pause suggests, correctly, that suspense does not derive only from the machinations of plot. Instead, it is what you might call fractal: it can be fostered at every level, from a seven-season TV series all the way down to a chapter, a paragraph, a scene, or even a silence.
On the page, where silence per se is not an option, the smallest possible unit of suspense is a sentence. We don’t often think of a single line of prose as potentially suspenseful, but one of the essential jobs of a sentence is to encourage you to read the next one. (If it fails to do so, all the other possible aims of writing—explication, illumination, aesthetic pleasure, moral change—are irrelevant.) To that end, sentences must sometimes work like stories; they must make readers want to know what happens next.
Here is a successful example. Recorded in the archives of the author Carl Carmer, it is the opening line of a bit of Southern Black folklore: The knee-high man lived by the swamp. That sentence contains no action (the knee-high man did not flee from the giant) and no overt tension (the knee-high man did not feel the hammering of his heart). It contains only a character, plunked down in a setting. Yet it is full of suspense. When you read it, there is no way not to wonder: What’s up with the knee-high man? You might think that’s just because knee-high men and swamps are intrinsically interesting, but most of the suspense in this sentence comes from its structure. “The old man lived by the railroad tracks”; “Mrs. Octavia Antoinette Varnish lived on the sixteenth floor of an apartment building on Park Avenue”; “Benjamin Mooney lived in an old house on a dirt road just beyond the town line”: all of these create suspense. It is a great gift to authors that, given the character and setting of a story, the human mind naturally starts wondering about its plot.
Other sentences create suspense by different means. “At first, he counted the days by tying knots in a rope”: that one is plucked from a Wikipedia entry about Poon Lim, a sailor who survived the sinking of a British ship during the Second World War, then spent a hundred and thirty-three days alone on a wooden raft until he was rescued off the coast of Brazil. Showing up where it does, in the middle of an account of Lim’s ordeal, it is just a plainspoken statement of fact. But, if you make it the first sentence of a story, you’ve got yourself a killer lede: who wouldn’t keep reading, with that kind of opening line? After just twelve words, we are already deep in the narrative, curious about what has happened, curious about what will happen next.
Link copied
Screenwriters have long understood and exploited this start-in-the-thick-of-things trick. “Sunset Boulevard” begins with a murdered man floating in a pool for the same reason that countless Netflix shows begin at a moment of peak drama: to keep the audience watching for another two—or twenty—hours, waiting for the plot to catch up with, and clarify, the opening scene. Onscreen, such scenes are generally dramatic, as with the body in the pool, but on the page this in-medias-res technique doesn’t require anything beyond itself to work. To produce suspense in a single line, you do not need exceptionally interesting contents. “The doubts came later”—that sentence consists of one boring article, one boring noun, one boring verb, and one boring adverb. Yet the mind races ahead: What is it that’s suddenly under scrutiny? A memory? A marriage? A death? Nor do you need beautiful prose. “The event that came to be known as The Pulse began at 3:03 p.m., eastern standard time, on October 1”: that’s Stephen King, in the opening sentence of “Cell,” being as spare as a railway announcer and entirely effective.
The ambiguity in these sentences—what doubts? what pulse?—seems like a prerequisite for suspense. But, as the late philosopher Aaron Smuts observed, it is possible to know everything about an upcoming event yet still experience it as suspenseful. Smuts points to the scene in “Psycho” where Marion Crane chats with Norman Bates while checking into his motel. The first time you watch it, you will take in the creepy office and its creepy proprietor and feel a mild anxiety for Marion’s well-being. Only on rewatching the scene, fully aware that she is minutes away from being murdered, does it become unbearably suspenseful.
It seems strange that we can feel intense suspense while waiting for something we know is going to happen. Yet, if we couldn’t, we would experience far less suspense—and, accordingly, considerably diminished interest—while watching movies about familiar events, like “Titanic” and “Flight 93,” or reading books like “The Perfect Storm,” where we learn the outcome in the opening pages, or rereading “Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets” for the fifteenth time and knowing everything that lies in store. The fact that we do experience suspense in such cases suggests that we can suspend not only disbelief but also knowledge—that a sufficiently skilled storyteller can essentially make us forget what we know about the future for the duration of time that we are experiencing it anew in a creative work.
Interestingly, the question of whether a writer is sufficiently skilled can itself become a matter of suspense. In certain complex stories, we find ourselves wondering what lurks in the future not only for the characters (will Desmond reunite with Penny?) but also for ourselves and our own satisfaction (will the creators of “Lost” actually pull this off?). That kind of meta suspense simmers beneath many ambitious works, from novels like Eleanor Catton’s “The Luminaries” and Francis Spufford’s “Golden Hill” to pretty much every movie ever made by the Nolan brothers. The more intricate or sprawling a plot, the more we experience anxiety about its successful resolution. Will all its many pieces fall into place or fall apart? Is anyone in control of this story? These are the questions that haunt us when a narrative starts to feel inconsistent, poorly plotted, and only intermittently illuminating and gratifying—which is to say, when it starts to feel much like that other context in which we so often experience suspense: real life.
For philosophers, theologians, and everyday people in the throes of midnight or midlife soul-searching, the fundamental question about life is what it means: why are we here, what’s it all about, does our existence even matter, et cetera. But for most of us, most of the time, the chief question that life poses is not about its meaning but about its plot. In other words, it is E. M. Forster’s question: What happens next? Will you get the promotion? Who will win the election? Will the woman you took out to dinner last week call you back? Will Jeannie Mae show her face in church on Sunday after what her son was caught doing Friday night?
In life, as in literature, suspense is a response to uncertainties like these—a state of agitation produced by the desire to know what the future holds. Because uncertainty is a fundamental part of the human condition, suspense is central to our emotional landscape. We can feel it about almost anything, at any scale of significance. The pause before a verdict is read aloud in court is suspenseful, but so is the dot-dot-dot that appears on your iPhone when someone is sending you a text message. The walk to the mailbox can be suspenseful (will there be an acceptance letter?); the weather can be suspenseful (will it rain on your wedding day?); the fifteen drab highway miles to the nearest service station can be extremely suspenseful if your gas gauge is sitting on empty.
In fiction, suspense is typically pleasurable no matter what occasions it. (Of course, there are some people who, finding it intolerable, avoid suspenseful works altogether, find spoiler-filled summaries, or skip to the end.) But in real life suspense comes in two varieties: a positive version, anticipation, and a negative version, dread. The positive version enhances our enjoyment of an experience by deferring it, much as a meal tastes better when you’ve waited until you are ravenous to eat it. That’s why hammy m.c.s will say things like “Drumroll, please” and otherwise find ways to delay any big reveal. Wilkie Collins, that great nineteenth-century master of suspense, famously advised his fellow-writers to “make ’em wait,” and we are often thrilled when life conforms to that wisdom. As the novelist Anthony Doerr once noted, “We want our games to go into overtime.”
We do not, however, want our misfortunes and miseries to go into overtime. Why opt into dread? At best, it is mild and brief—as with, say, the unpleasant interlude while awaiting the dentist’s drill—but at worst it is among life’s most acute agonies. No one should ever be subjected to the suspense of waiting for the radiologist’s report on an ambiguous ultrasound, or of waiting for a child who is not yet home long after curfew. Even happy resolutions to such situations do not compensate for the experience of dread, because relief, unlike suspense, is generally fleeting. You spend hours growing ever more convinced that the loved one who isn’t answering your increasingly alarmed voice mails has been killed in a car wreck; when you learn that the phone died instead, you get maybe two minutes of relief.
Curiously, though, despite the stark differences between anticipation and dread, they can feel remarkably similar. It is much worse to wait for the results of a biopsy than to wait for your crush to show up for your first date, but the experience—the nervous stomach, the inability to think about anything else—feels almost the same. Indeed, in some ways, the greatest determinant of how suspense feels is not what it is about but how much of it we experience. Like caffeine, opioids, and air pollution, it is governed by the rules of dose response.
Two factors affect the dose of suspense we receive: the importance of the event we are waiting for and the degree of uncertainty about its outcome. In situations of both high stakes and high uncertainty, our suspense will be extreme, no matter the source. It is vastly preferable to watch your daughter take her starting position for the four-hundred-metre sprint at the Olympics than it is to watch her being wheeled into the operating room for brain surgery, but both situations are maximized for suspense. Far-lower-stakes situations can also be suspenseful if their outcomes are sufficiently uncertain, while events with almost certain outcomes can be suspenseful if the stakes are sufficiently high. If you are ninety-five per cent sure that you know the answer to a question, you will not feel much suspense while awaiting the response—unless the question is “Will you marry me?”
Another factor in how we experience suspense is how long we experience it. Sometimes life, like Thomas Hardy, can supply a true cliffhanger, as you know if you’ve ever gone for a worrisome medical test on the Friday before a long weekend. In other words, real-life suspense, like its literary counterpart, is the product of a relationship between information and time. But that relationship is complex; although suspense does tend to increase with the passage of time, the change is not linear. For instance, back when my partner and I were first dating and still lived in different states, I became aware of a curious phenomenon: the closer we got to a visit, the more excruciating it became to wait to see her. Later, after we got married and decided to have a baby, I experienced that same strange inversion in the final stages of her pregnancy. Logically speaking, it should be hardest to wait for a baby when the wait is longest, but the opposite is true—a pregnancy is far more suspenseful at week thirty-six than at week twenty-three. One wonders how the specific relationship between information and time which defines suspense has changed as the over-all relationship between information and time has dramatically accelerated. Which is more suspenseful: spending Election Night glued to social media as scores of results and anecdotes and theories pour in each minute, or twiddling your thumbs in 1796, waiting for the iron-on-stone sound of a messenger galloping in?
One final factor that determines how we experience suspense is wholly idiosyncratic: some people are simply more susceptible to it than others. I imagine that there is a smattering of souls in this world who are naturally incurious about the future; others have spent years trying to master the impulse to peer around the corner of the present, apprenticing themselves to one of the religious or philosophical traditions that encourage us to stay focussed on the here and now. That is surely sage advice, since thinking about the future can involve expending enormous amounts of energy on phantoms, but, for most of us, it is extremely difficult to follow. You can chalk that up to evolutionary exigency, because the act of prediction has always been central to our survival. No wonder we spend so much time speculating about what will happen next; we are built to be, as the philosopher Daniel Dennett once put it, “anticipation machines.”
That inheritance lives on with particular potency in some of us. My partner, for instance, is constitutionally impatient, not interpersonally but epistemologically; exceptionally inquisitive, she finds suspense unbearable and is relentless in the face of an unresolved mystery. These character traits, while admirable in countless ways, are something of a liability during pregnancy, a high-stakes, high-uncertainty situation involving dozens of micro and macro mysteries. When will you first feel the baby kick? What will the next ultrasound reveal? Will your baby be born in December or January, at two in the afternoon or four in the morning, in perfect health or in need of the NICU? Questions like these pile up throughout the endless days that it takes to gestate a human baby. And so, while others spend their pregnancies suffering from morning sickness or sciatica, my partner spent hers suffering chiefly from curiosity.
One tricky fact about real-life suspense: when we are thinking about our own future—as opposed to reading a novel—most of us assume that we have some say over what happens next. Whether that is actually the case is one of humanity’s oldest open questions. Is there an author of our existence, divine or otherwise, who has programmed the whole show? Are our lives determined down to the last detail by natural laws or an all-powerful God, or do we have a measure of free will—some way of wriggling out of our mortal constraints to change the course of private or collective history?
Experientially, most of us feel the sway of both possibilities. In countless ways, our lives seem, for good or ill, ours to manage; in countless other ways, including those related to many of the things that matter most, they feel maddeningly out of our hands. The only thing we know for certain is that, if the universe really is deterministic, its gears or gods are hidden from us. We are not like Laplace’s demon, possessing perfect knowledge of the present state of every atom in existence and therefore able to see how all subsequent events will unfold. For that matter, even if we did possess such knowledge, it might not make a difference. Plenty of contemporary physicists think that the universe is indeterminate—that even an intellect gigantic enough to comprehend all the causes in the cosmos would not be able to correctly infer the effects and thereby foretell the future.
Either way, suspense still reigns supreme. As long as the future remains opaque, it will also remain frightening and exhilarating, the repository of our greatest fears and wildest dreams. This is perhaps the most important way that real-life suspense differs from the fictional kind: in books and movies, we do not necessarily care if the outcome for which we have been waiting is good or bad—our primary concern is that it resolves the feeling of suspense in a satisfying way. But in life we care about those outcomes desperately. We want our fears to prove unfounded and our dreams to come true; we want to be spared life’s many possible devastations and gratified by its revelations and resolutions. This is, perhaps, the tenderest and most hopeful definition of suspense: it is the passionate wish, in the face of omnipresent doubts and dangers, that all will be well in the future.
And sometimes it is. After all that waiting, our baby was born in a great big hurry, one beautiful August evening, two days before her due date. She was healthy in every respect; if you ask me, she was, in every respect, perfect. Eleven months later, she said her first word. It was “book.” ♦
A long-ago crime, suddenly remembered.
A limousine driver watches her passengers transform.
The day Muhammad Ali punched me.
What is it like to be keenly intelligent but deeply alienated from simple emotions? Temple Grandin knows.
The harsh realm of “gentle parenting.” 
Retirement the Margaritaville way.
Fiction by F. Scott Fitzgerald: “Thank You for the Light.” 
Sign up for our daily newsletter to receive the best stories from The New Yorker.
Sections
More
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. The New Yorker may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices