Good morning. You're reading the Up First newsletter. Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox, and listen to the Up First podcast for all the news you need to start your day.

Former President Donald Trump made a final appeal to the nation in front of a full crowd at Madison Square Garden last night after more than four hours of guest speaker appearances. The first guest, comedian and podcaster Tony Hinchcliffe joked that Puerto Rico is a “floating island of garbage.” One speaker seemed to imply that Vice President Harris is a prostitute.

Today, high-ranking South Korean officials are expected to present NATO allies with evidence about North Korean soldiers showing up in Russia to fight in Ukraine. This comes after U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin confirmed he believes at least 3,000 North Korean soldiers are in Russia, calling it a very serious escalation. Today’s briefing aims to get all 32 NATO allies on the same page. 

The 2024 World Series is coming to the East Coast. After the Los Angeles Dodgers won the first two games, the  New York Yankees will now host games three and four and, if necessary, game five. The Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani hurt himself in game two trying to steal second base, but the team’s manager Dave Roberts told reporters yesterday that Ohtani has gotten back his normal range of motion and is expected to play. 

Pennsylvania is one of the largest election battleground prizes for a presidential candidate. The state's 19 electoral votes will likely decide the road to victory. With just days until the election, Harris and Trump have been barnstorming the state to rally support. To see how their messages are resonating with residents, Morning Edition hosts Michel Martin and Steve Inskeep each led teams across the state to speak to voters in Pittsburgh, Gettysburg, Allentown, Philadelphia and more. The Pennsylvanians they spoke to reflect a divided electorate: Some are inspired by Harris’ vision while others believe in Trump’s economic policies. And, there were some who weren’t sure about their candidate. Here’s what they told us. 

Stress Less

 is a new series from NPR that will help you find your calm. Subscribe to the 

Stress Less newsletter

 series for more powerful tools and strategies to help reduce anxiety and improve feelings of well-being.

Internal Family Systems, or “parts work,” has surged in popularity. It's the idea that we all have multiple parts, like sub-personalities. According to Richard Schwartz's book No Bad Parts, getting to know our multiple parts better and treating them with compassion may help better manage our lives and stress. Various studies have shown IFS can benefit people with specific problems, including symptoms of PTSD and stress; the pain, discomfort and depression from living with rheumatoid arthritis; and depression. Here’s how it works: 

See the complete list of how the IFS process works. 

This newsletter was edited by Suzanne Nuyen.

 Copyright 2024 NPR