E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

For information on submitting an obituary, please contact Reading Eagle by phone at 610-371-5018, or email at obituaries@readingeagle.com or fax at 610-371-5193.


Most obituaries published in the Reading Eagle are submitted through funeral homes and cremation services, but we will accept submissions from families. Obituaries can be emailed to obituaries@readingeagle.com.


In addition to the text of the obituary, any photographs that you wish to include can be attached to this email. Please put the text of the obituary in a Word document, a Google document or in the body of the email. The Reading Eagle also requires a way to verify the death, so please include either the phone number of the funeral home or cremation service that is in charge of the deceased's care or a photo of his/her death certificate. We also request that your full name, phone number and address are all included in this email.


All payments by families must be made with a credit card. We will send a proof of the completed obituary before we require payment. The obituary cannot run, however, until we receive payment in full.


Obituaries can be submitted for any future date, but they must be received no later than 3:00 p.m. the day prior to its running for it to be published.


Please call the obituary desk, at 610-371-5018, for information on pricing.

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
Urging his supporters to vote in numbers to make the 2024 election “too big to rig,” former President Donald Trump spent Saturday evening at his Lehigh Valley rally giving a preview of what he will do to regain the White House.
“I want to be back in this beautiful commonwealth with thousands of proud, hard-working American patriots,” Trump said at the rally at the Schnecksville Fire Company Fairgrounds in North Whitehall Township. “That’s what you are. We’re here to help. We’re going to win Pennsylvania and we’re going to defeat crooked Joe Biden. We’re going to make America great again.”
On a cool, windy evening, more than 4,000 people packed into a fenced area of the fairgrounds that included a stage and three sets of bleachers. Several stood in line for many hours in wet weather to enter the grounds, which gradually filled after gates were opened after 3 p.m.
Trump arrived about a half-hour late after attending an event in Bucks County. His speech lasted a little longer than an hour, and he commended the crowd for braving the weather.
Trump spoke hours after Iran launched missiles and drones toward Israel in an escalation of the ongoing conflict in the Middle East. Trump claimed the attack, and the Russian invasion of Ukraine, never would have occurred if he were still in office.
“We will return the world to a peaceful state,” Trump said. “Today we are considered a joke. It’s not going to be for long.”
Besides foreign policy, Trump jumped around to different subjects, such as his legal issues, crime, the Southern border, inflation, energy policy and transgender athletes.
Like many of his speeches, his fiery rhetoric was aimed to motivate his fans that made up just about his entire audience, rather than be persuasive. Trump consistently called President Joe Biden and other Democrats “communists,” “fascists” and “demented tyrants.”
And the audience responded with several standing ovations, especially when Trump called on Biden to participate in a presidential debate.
He said he was ready to debate Biden “anytime, anywhere, anyplace.” An empty podium was placed on the stage with a sign saying that.
Trump turned his own legal troubles — he faces numerous civil lawsuits and more than 80 criminal charges on four indictments — into a “badge of honor,” incorrectly claiming he’s been indicted “more times than Al Capone.”
“I’m being indicted for you,” he said to roars from the crowd.
Trump his first criminal trial is slated to begin Monday in New York City, where he is charged with 34 felony counts of falsifying business records to hide payments to an adult film star. Trump, whose attorneys attempted to delay the proceeding, called it a “Biden trial.” Trump has denied wrongdoing.
“On Monday in New York City, I will be forced to sit, fully gagged,” he said. “They want to take away my constitutional right to talk.”
The judge in the case has issued a gag order against Trump, barring him from making public statements related to the trial about probable witnesses. The order also prevents Trump from making public statements about jurors, court staff, lawyers in the case or relatives of prosecutors or the judge. Trump can criticize the judge himself and Manhattan District Attorney Alvin Bragg.
He was especially critical of Bragg and wondered why he wasn’t doing more to fight crime in the city, which he said was at “record highs.”
However, New York Police Department statistics show that murders were down 11.9% in 2023 compared with 2022 and were lower than 2019. Rapes, burglaries and shootings have all seen double-digit percentage point decreases since 2022.
“The violent crime murders, killings all of this stuff, muggings and [Bragg] leaves them alone,” Trump said. “When I do something that is not a crime when I go into court they’ve got like nine prosecutors. In the meantime, with people that murder, nobody does anything.”
Trump said many of the criminals were coming over the border with Mexico, which he claimed was virtually undefended. He put a chart on the big screen behind the stage to show a sharply rising number of border crossings after he left office.
“Job No. 1 is going to be as soon as we take office, we will seal the border, we’re going to stop the invasion and send Joe Biden’s illegal aliens back down,” Trump said. “We had the safest border, the most secure border in the history of our country four years ago.”
The U.S. Border Patrol said it had almost 250,000 “encounters” at the Mexican border in December, which was a record. It’s also an issue that could be trouble for Biden as a Pew Research poll of American adults say the situation is either a “crisis” (45%) or a “major problem” (32%) for the U.S.
Another issue Trump is sure to talk about over the months is inflation. The annual inflation rate was 3.5% for the 12 months ending in March, compared with  the previous rate of 3.2%, according to the U.S. Labor Department data published last week. While not as bad as the 7% annual rate earlier in Biden’s term — the monthly rate did get as high as 9% — Americans are still feeling the pain.
“Gasoline prices are up over 50% and electricity prices are up 39%, rising 13 times faster than under the previous seven years,” Trump said. “When I’m back in the White House, we will then fill Biden’s inflation train wreck.”
One way to bring down prices, Trump said, is to increase domestic energy production in the U.S., especially in Pennsylvania with increased extraction of natural gas and coal. He said he will slow down, and perhaps stop, the transition to electric cars, which the Biden administration is pushing.
“Pennsylvania jobs are at risk,” Trump said. “He’s risking your lives. He’s risking new jobs, but he doesn’t care because all he cares about is the green new scam, the green New Deal, whatever that thing is, Biden is also trying to abolish gasoline-powered automobiles and force everyone into an all-electric car.”
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s most recent rule on carbon emissions, which came out in March, slows implementation of stricter pollution standards from 2027 through 2029, after the auto industry called proposed benchmarks unworkable. The rule ramps up to nearly reach the level the EPA preferred by 2032.
While abortion was not mentioned in his speech, Trump did bring up some social issues such as transgender athletes competing in women’s sports and the alleged teaching of critical race theory, a postgraduate college course, in elementary schools. He also said, to great applause, that he would cut off funding for schools that mandate vaccines.
North Whitehall is in the 16th state Senate District, which is represented by Jarrett Coleman, who was thrilled to play host to Trump.
“It’s clear to everyone on the federal level that the Lehigh Valley is very important,” said Coleman, R-Lehigh, who is in his first term. “Anyone’s success statewide, whether it’s state level, federal level, all the way up … that’s because I think how the voters turn out in the Lehigh Valley is oftentimes representative of how the state will vote.”
Coleman said he knew quite a few people who wanted to come to the rally, but had to work instead. Economic issues, he said, will make a big difference for many.
“A huge issue that I think is a real driver for the election,” he said.
On the other hand, state Rep. Joshua Siegel, D-Lehigh, said Trump was in Pennsylvania to continue his extreme and dangerous campaign to destroy democracy, while undermining reproductive rights, access to health care and the U.S. as a global leader.
“Donald Trump’s visit to the Lehigh Valley only elevates the importance of retaking the U.S House majority to put an end to the chaos that their control has caused from cheap political stunts, baseless impeachments and embarrassing antics, the Republican majority has proven it has no vision, no plan and no idea how to govern,” Siegel said in a statement.
The only candidate to receive Trump’s endorsement Saturday was businessman Dave McCormick, who is running for the U.S. Senate seat held by Bob Casey.
No endorsement was made in the race for the 7th U.S. House District. Three GOP candidates are running in the April 23 primary to take on Democratic Rep. Susan Wild: state Rep. Ryan Mackenzie, R-Lehigh, businessman Kevin Dellicker and attorney Maria Montero.
U.S. Rep. Dan Meuser, R-9th District, who warmed up the crowd for Trump, only mentioned Montero when he brought up the 7th District race.
“Maria calls [Wild] ‘San Fran Susan’ because she votes 100% of the time with Nancy Pelosi,” Meuser said.
The last time Trump visited the Valley was October 2020, when in the closing days of his reelection campaign, he held a rally in Hanover Township, Northampton County.
Biden visited the Lehigh Valley in January, touting his economic initiatives with small-business owners in Emmaus and firefighters in Allentown.
Acknowledging the importance of Pennsylvania, Biden is headed Tuesday to his hometown of Scranton to talk about tax policy, and will make stops in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia later in the week.
The presidential race in the Keystone State is in a dead heat, according to Real Clear Polling, which has Biden up by a 10th of a point, 46.3% to 46.2%. The most recent of the polls, from Franklin & Marshall College that was taken on March 20-21, has Biden up by 10.
Others that were taken in March are either tied, or have Trump up by as many as 4 points.
Neither candidate has had a clear advantage in the polling average going back to October.
Pennsylvania has 19 electoral votes, tied with Illinois for the fifth most votes that could determine the presidency. Biden won Pennsylvania by a margin of around 80,000 votes in 2020.
Morning Call reporter Evan Jones can be reached at ejones@mcall.com.
‘I’m a Trumplican, not a Republican’: Thousands wait in milelong line for Trump rally at Lehigh Valley fairgrounds
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group