By
Travis Scott was released on Saturday (August 10) after being arrested in Paris attending the 2024 Olympic Games. According to Page Six, the ten-time Grammy nominee won’t face any charges related to the arrest. Scott was detained the previous day, following an argument between the pair at the Four Seasons Hotel. A source tells Page Six while Scott was being “harassed and swarmed dangerously” by the paparazzi, the argument ensued. 
Unfortunately, the French police “overreacted” and he was arrested. The source is adamant that “no violence” occurred between Scott and the bodyguard. Scott, nor his team have offered any other statements regarding the incident. Scott’s legal woes don’t end there. He still faces a trespassing charge after an incident this past June. After a heated argument on a yacht in Miami, police were called to the scene. 
Scott was asked to leave, but refused and was taken into custody. The rapper was charged with disorderly intoxication and trespassing. The intoxication charge was later dropped — however, the father of two will still face trial in September on the trespassing charge. On the music front, Travis Scott recently linked up with Afrobeats star Asake. Additionally, Scott recently teased fans with a sneak peek of a new track with Playboi Carti. In 2023, Scott released his fourth studio album, Utopia. 
Features included everyone from Kid Cudi and Playboi Carti to Beyonce and Bad Bunny. During a 2023 interview with GQ, he opened up about his relationship with his fans. “They understand what I’m out to do, you know what I mean? Like, what Travis is here to do: here to push things forward. I’m always here to like just literally push things forward—every aspect of this shit: music, creativity, all this. Without having to be redundant with saying it. I just want to show, you know.”
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97