By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:54, 8 May 2024   |  Updated:  05:24, 8 May 2024   
 36
View  comments
Zendaya showed off her casual side in a comfy ensemble as she exited her hotel in New York City on Tuesday. 
The Euphoria actress, 27 - who recently turned heads in three different gowns while attending the 2024 MET Gala on Monday - balanced two bags over her shoulders as she made her way through a crowded sidewalk in the Big Apple. 
The star donned a dark gray, hooded sweatshirt as well as matching sweatpants and a white button up underneath. 
She layered the monochromatic look with an olive green, leather coat that was left unfastened at the front. 
Zendaya slipped into a pair of white sneakers that were secured with laces, and also added a pair of black shades for a stylish flare. 
Zendaya, 27, showed off her casual side in a comfy ensemble as she exited her hotel in New York City on Tuesday
The star donned a dark gray, hooded sweatshirt as well as matching sweatpants and a white button up underneath
A beige, Louis Vuitton purse was placed on her left shoulder to hold a few items she needed during the outing. 
And on her right shoulder, the Challengers actress carried another tan-colored tote bag while heading to her next destination.
The beauty opted to not add any flashy pieces of jewelry to the ensemble while also opting for a minimal to no makeup look. 
Zendaya recently made a statement has she wowed in three different, eye-catching gowns at the star-studded, 2024 MET Gala held earlier this week on Monday. 
The star helped co-chair the festivities alongside Jennifer Lopez, Chris Hemsworth and also Bad Bunny. 
Her first outfit for the night was an edgy, custom Maison Margiela by John Galliano dress that contained hues of both blue and green. 
The one-shoulder ensemble clung to her figure and contained bunched fabric that gathered on top of her right shoulder for a dramatic flare. Grape accents were also added on the material as well as her left arm. 
Zendaya - who was styled by Law Roach - added a hat on top of her head that contained a tall, feathery detail as well as a veil that was pulled down in front of her face. 
She layered the monochromatic look with an olive green, leather coat that was left unfastened at the front
Zendaya slipped into a pair of white sneakers that were secured with laces, and also added a pair of black shades for a stylish flare
A beige, Louis Vuitton purse was placed on her left shoulder to hold a few items she needed during the outing
The beauty opted to not add any flashy pieces of jewelry to the ensemble while also opting for a minimal to no makeup look
Zendaya recently made a statement has she wowed in three different, eye-catching gowns at the star-studded, 2024 MET Gala held earlier this week on Monday
Her bold makeup comprised of a layer of mascara to her lashes as well as a smoky red shadow around her eyes. 
A warm blush and contour was added to better accentuate her cheekbones, while a glossy, dark red tint was worn on her lips for a finishing touch. 
Her brunette locks were pulled back into a low bun, easily revealing a pair of dangly, green earrings. 
The former Disney channel star sent fans into a frenzy when she unveiled a second, dramatic look on the red carpet. 
She opted for a black, off-the-shoulder princess-styled ballgown that had a fitted bodice as well as a full skirt that flowed into a long train behind her. 
The actress added a large, floral headpiece that contained colorful hues of red, pink, orange and also white. 
Zendaya's makeup was altered to have a light shimmering shadow around her eyes as well as a matte, nude tint on her lips. For a final touch, the star added a pair of dangly, crystal earrings. 
And once inside the Metropolitan Museum of Art in the Big Apple, the actress donned a third outfit as she joined her fellow co-chairs on stage in front of the celebrity attendees.  
Zendaya - who was styled by Law Roach - added a hat on top of her head that contained a tall, feathery detail as well as a veil that was pulled down in front of her face
The former Disney channel star sent fans into a frenzy when she unveiled a second, dramatic look on the red carpet
The actress added a large, floral headpiece that contained colorful hues of red, pink, orange and also white
And once inside the Metropolitan Museum of Art in the Big Apple, the actress donned a third outfit as she joined her fellow co-chairs on stage in front of the celebrity attendees
Zendaya wore a fitted, light pink gown with a deep, plunging neckline that also had floral, beaded details on the flowy fabric
Zendaya wore a fitted, light pink gown with a deep, plunging neckline that also had floral, beaded details on the flowy fabric. 
A pink-colored shadow was added around her eyes as well as a pair of dangly, sparkling earrings. 
Her locks were styled into a chic up do, but the beauty opted to not wear a headpiece or hat with the third look. 
Later in the night, she changed her outfit once again as she headed to Loewe's MET Gala after party in the city. 
She wore a dark blue, halter-styled dress that had a fitted ruched bodice with a drop-down waist and flowing skirt. 
The star recently opened up about her fashion sense during an interview with BBC One Show last month in April. 
'Fashion is something I've always used as an outlet, a tool - ultimately, I think I am a more shy person so it allows for me to create this persona, this character that I get to live in for the day,' she expressed. 
Zendaya's boyfriend, Tom Holland, also showed his support for the actress and her MET Gala looks on his main Instagram page on Tuesday. 
The star recently opened up about her fashion sense during an interview with BBC One Show last month in April
Zendaya's boyfriend, Tom Holland, also showed his support for the actress and her MET Gala looks on his main Instagram page on Tuesday; seen in 2021 in L.A. 
Along with a few photos of her jaw-dropping ensembles, he added an assortment of heart-eyed emojis in the caption
Along with a few photos of her jaw-dropping ensembles, he added an assortment of heart-eyed emojis in the caption. 
Social media users gushed over the action, with one penning, 'boyfriend of the year,' while another added, 'you're the cutest boyfriend.' 
Zendaya's latest film, Challengers, recently premiered in theaters late last month on April 22 - and also stars Josh O'Connor and Mike Faist. 
The Spider-Man: Homecoming actor also showed his support for the beauty by sharing a poster of the sports romance and penned, 'I know what I'm doing this weekend!'  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group