By KELSI KARRULI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:50, 7 May 2024   |  Updated:  00:21, 8 May 2024   
 156
View  comments
After strutting her stuff on the green carpet at the Met Gala, Lizzo made it clear that she wouldn't be standing for any slander against her gown - and branded those who  criticized her dress 'fatphobic.' 
A slew of celebrities descended upon the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York on Monday for fashion's biggest night of the year. 
An invite to the exclusive event, which is chaired by Vogue's editor-in-chief Anna Wintour, quickly becomes the chicest event in the social calendar as it offers even more high fashion than the Oscars, with the prestigious art museum as its backdrop and a literary-inspired theme.
And celebrities aren't afraid to take chances when it comes to their ensembles - including Lizzo, who donned a Weinsanto floral gown with a matching headpiece, which fans compared to a 'used coffee filter.' 
After strutting her stuff on the green carpet at the Met Gala, Lizzo has made it clear that she wouldn't be standing for any slander against her Weinsanto gown
Lizzo donned a tan floral gown with a matching headpiece, which fans have compared to a 'used coffee filter'
Following the criticism, Lizzo took to Instagram and shared a series of photos and video of her wearing the dress on the green carpet, with the caption: 'If I'm not in your best dressed, you're fatphobic.'
On Monday night, the Truth Hurts hitmaker made sure all eyes were on her when she arrived at the Met's famous steps.
And while Lizzo was exuding confidence in the floral creation, which accentuated her curves, not everyone was as convinced.
The songstress was decked out in a sleeveless pale brown dress that featured shimmering fabric that perfectly matched her skin tone.
Lizzo, whose real name is Melissa Jefferson, wore a bowl-shaped headpiece that reached several inches above her head, which was mocked on social media.
The designer referred to the outfit as a 'vase dress,' which may refer to either the shape of the headpiece or the dress's upturned skirt that rose several inches off the red carpet.
The outfit hugged Lizzo's curves and featured a sizzling sheer panel over her chest to highlight her cleavage.
Although the semi-sheer look matched her skin, it was also enlivened with tiny leaf designs, which made the star look like a scene from a gorgeous autumn day complete with falling red, orange and yellow leaves.
The songstress claimed that if fans didn't like her look they were 'fatphobic,' however, it didn't stop them from criticizing her
The gown was also described as a 'full body corset,' and the skirt, which gave a hint of Lizzo's legs, featured sparser designs.
Conceptual sketches of the dress and a photo of the original version from Weinsanto indicate that the outfit initially had no face cut-out, however, Lizzo made sure to showcase her stunning beauty while sporting the gown.
Fans and critics of the recording artist seemed to enjoy poking fun at the unusual outfit on social media.
'When Lizzo gets completely out of this cocoon, she'll be a beautiful butterfly,' one user joked on X, formerly Twitter.
Another person noted that her outfit had 'meme potential,' and they couldn't 'wait to see the results.'
The Barstool Sports account quipped: 'Dudes see this and all they can think about is crumpling up a piece of paper and shooting it at Lizzo's dome.'
Someone else joked: 'Not bring snacks to the #MetGala while Lizzo is trying to look like the brown bag the snack came in.'
One person wasn't afraid to be blunt about the dress.
The Costume Institute event falls on the first Monday in May every year and is chaired by Anna Wintour and held at New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art
Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya (pictured), Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth were this year's co-chairs
Kim Kardashian stunned fans as she showcased her tiny waist in a stunning silver gown
'Lizzo really let someone convince her that this looked good and on theme and she looks horrific. It's not a flattering fit, the color washes her out, she looks uncomfortable, and even her usually pretty a** face gets overtaken by the look,' they vented. 'This is unfortunate as f***.'
One critic added: 'It kind of reminds me of a used coffee filter.' 
'Lizzo is giving coffee filter,' another agreed. 
The Costume Institute's spring exhibition falls on the first Monday in May every year and is held at New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art. This year, the exhibit is titled Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion, while the dress code is The Garden of Time.
Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth were this year's co-chairs. Also on the committee was Vogue's Anna Wintour.
The honorary chairs for the evening were Loewe creative director Jonathan Anderson and TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew.
'This year's co-chairs reflect a variety of career achievements, and all have distinct style histories with the Met Gala,' Vogue shared.
The showcase featured approximately 250 items drawn from The Costume Institute's permanent collection, with many of the pieces too fragile to ever be worn again, or even placed upright on a mannequin.
Last night, Kim Kardashian showcased her tiny waist as Kylie Jenner, Zendaya, and Jennifer Lopez all showed off their sensational figures in stunning gowns.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group