Emma Marsden is a freelance news reporter for Newsweek who has lived in the U.K and the U.S. Her interests are trending news, politics, crime, culture, travel, and entertainment. Emma has worked for broadcasters BBC and ITV, and written for Johnston Press, Asian Standard newspaper, Reach PLC, and Valnet. Emma holds a first-class honors degree in Journalism and English, a masters with distinction and a pending PhD in creative writing. She is currently writing her first novel in the genre of Domestic Noir. Languages: English and some Welsh.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Comedian Tony Hinchcliffe has resurfaced on social media, following Donald Trump's election win, breaking his silence after a backlash around his controversial comments about Puerto Rico.
As reported by Newsweek, Hinchcliffe, known for his no-holds-barred comedy and caustic wit, had previously stirred controversy with remarks about Puerto Ricans and Latinos that many considered offensive.
At a live-streamed Trump rally in Madison Square Garden, New York, in October, which Trump described as a 'lovefest', the comedian likened Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory, to a 'floating island of garbage.'
The comments led to a backlash online, including from Republicans, and many speculated that Hinchcliffe's derogatory comments would cost Trump the election, prompting Hinchcliffe to lay low on social media for over a week.
Newsweek has contacted a representative of Hinchcliffe for comment on Monday, via his website.
As previously reported, in an email to Newsweek, Trump senior advisor Danielle Alvarez said of Hinchcliffe's comments at the rally: "This joke does not reflect the views of President Trump or the campaign."
However, the re-election of Trump appears to have prompted the "Kill Tony" live podcast host to make his views known once again.
As reported by Newsweek, despite the criticism, Hinchcliffe's controversial comments led to him gaining thousands more followers on social media.
In a pointed message to his critics and over 422,000 followers on his X, formerly Twitter, account, Hinchcliffe shared a post from Axios which stated that: "President-elect Donald Trump was backed by 46% of Latino voters Tuesday, surpassing Ronald Reagan and George W. Bush to win the biggest share of the national Latino vote by a Republican presidential contender in modern times, a new exit poll shows."
The post showed a picture of Trump with the caption "Exit poll: Trump sets GOP record with Latino voters."
Hinchcliffe then re-posted an article by the Daily Mail U.S. that had the caption "How Trump flipped a U.S. county in Florida with the highest percentage of Puerto Rican voters."
As reported in the Daily Mail US article, Osceola County, Florida, the county with the largest Puerto Rican community in the U.S. "flipped red for Donald Trump for the first time in two decades."
"The Trump-Vance ticket received 56.1 percent of the vote [in] Tuesday's election," reported the Daily Mail US. "The area just south of Orlando is deeply blue and has a 56 percent Hispanic population with the largest subset being of Puerto Rican descent."
Newsweek contacted officials for Osceola County via email outside of working hours for comment and received an automated message that the offices were closed for Veteran's Day.
In the wake of a contentious U.S. presidential election, Hinchcliffe's reposting of these articles was a clear rebuttal of claims that his insulting comments directed towards Puerto Rico and Puerto Ricans would lead to a win for the Democrats and Kamala Harris.
Following his brief hiatus from social media, the comedian also posted on his Instagram stories to his 795,000 followers, sharing the date of the next White House Correspondent's Dinner.
"The next annual dinner of the White House Correspondents' Association will be on Saturday April 26, 2025," read the post.
While the social media posts did not directly reference his previous comments, critics argued they showed a seeming lack of remorse for the provocative remarks.
At the time, the controversial comments about Puerto Rico and Latinos touched a nerve, especially among those who felt targeted by his jokes, and drew strong criticism from Democrats, including New York Democrat Alexandra Ocasio-Cortez, who is of Puerto Rican descent.
As reported by Newsweek, during the live stream, Harris' running mate Tim Walz referred to Hinchcliffe as a "jackwad" and Ocasio-Cortez called him an "a-hole" and referred to his comments as "super disappointing" and "upsetting," adding: "My family is from Puerto Rico, I'm Puerto Rican.
In response to Hinchcliffe defending his comments at the time, Ocasio-Cortez said that he was "realizing opening for a Trump rally and feeding red-meat racism alongside a throng of other bigots to a frothing crowd does, unironically, make you one of them."
Hinchcliffe has a history of pushing boundaries in his comedy routines, often courting controversy with edgy material, and seems committed to standing firm on his divisive brand of comedy.
As well as political figures, Hinchcliffe's comments sparked backlash from celebrities such as Bad Bunny and Jennifer Lopez, both of Puerto Rican descent, who endorsed Kamala Harris via their social media accounts after his remarks.
However, as reported by Newsweek, despite winning a larger proportion of the Hispanic/Latino vote than Donald Trump, Harris lost ground compared to Biden's win in 2020, and only secured 6 percentage points more support than Trump did, according to a CNN exit poll.
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Emma Marsden is a freelance news reporter for Newsweek who has lived in the U.K and the U.S. Her interests are trending news, politics, crime, culture, travel, and entertainment. Emma has worked for broadcasters BBC and ITV, and written for Johnston Press, Asian Standard newspaper, Reach PLC, and Valnet. Emma holds a first-class honors degree in Journalism and English, a masters with distinction and a pending PhD in creative writing. She is currently writing her first novel in the genre of Domestic Noir. Languages: English and some Welsh.
Emma Marsden is a freelance news reporter for Newsweek who has lived in the U.K and the U.S. Her interests are trending news, politics, crime, culture, travel, and entertainment. Emma has worked for broadcasters BBC and ITV, and written for Johnston Press, Asian Standard newspaper, Reach PLC, and Valnet. Emma holds a first-class honors degree in Journalism and English, a masters with distinction and a pending PhD in creative writing. She is currently writing her first novel in the genre of Domestic Noir. Languages: English and some Welsh.
Emma Marsden is a freelance news reporter for Newsweek who has lived in the U.K and the U.S. Her interests                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC