Margaret Qualley's husband Jack Antonoff "lied" to Adam Sandler to secure her a part in 'Happy Gilmore 2'. 

The 'Once Upon a Time... in Hollywood' actress "begged" her agents to get her a role in the motion picture, because the 1996 original is her "favourite movie" and Sandler was her "first crush".

Speaking on 'The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon', Qualley said: "I saw that there was gonna to be a 'Happy Gilmore 2' and I emailed my agents right away and I said, ‘Anything it takes - no part is too small. Please. I gotta be a part of this, I’m begging you. Please. Whatever it takes.' "

But knowing how desperate his wife was, singer-songwriter Antonoff took matters into his own hands and messaged Sandler. 

In a text message exchange between the pair, Sandler - who will reprise his role as the titular star - asked: "Does your wife golf at all?"

Antonoff replied: "Yeah, she’s actually good."

But Qualley has confessed it was a complete lie, because she hadn’t “golfed a day in [her] life” at the time. 

She said: "What a good husband. And I can’t golf. 

"He lied for the sake of the family.

"I never golfed a day in my life. I’m terrible, actually."

After landing a role in the forthcoming film, Qualley has taken "some" golf lessons, but admitted: "I'm still bad". 

Qualley has insisted she can now "die happy" after landing a small background part in the sequel. 

She added: "It's the best thing that’s ever happened to me.

"It’s a tiny part. I’m essentially deep background, but I can die happy now."

As well as Qualley, rapper Bad Bunny is set to appear in 'Happy Gilmore 2', and NFL star Travis Kelce - who is dating pop megastar Taylor Swift - is also expected to make a cameo appearance. 

Speaking recently on 'The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon', Sandler said: "We have a nice something for Travis. He’s gonna come by.

"He’s a very nice guy. You guys would love him in real life. What a big, handsome guy. Funny and cool as hell. He’s a stud and he’s so funny."

Plot details for the sequel are yet to be revealed, but the original film told the story of unsuccessful ice hockey player Gilmore, who discovers he has a talent for golf.