Bad Bunny and Kendall Jenner seen exiting the same hotel the morning after the Met Gala after a night spent tossing back $30 cocktails. The walk of shame heard 'round the world. 
But was it also a next-level genius Bottega Veneta ad?
Okay, so on face value, you have Jenner and Bad Bunny reuniting post-Met Gala 2024. They were seen canoodling, as they say, at the Après Met 2 afterparty hosted by Emily Ratajkowski and Luar founder Raul Lopez at co-working-turned-party space WSA.
And then, the next day, Jenner and Bad Bunny separately headed out from the Greenwich Hotel.
Yeah, yeah, you get the picture. Hey, nothin' wrong with it! (And honestly, "walk of shame" feels like such a dated, needlessly judgey phrase)
But the rabbit hole goes deeper.
Notice that Bad Bunny is toting a Bottega Veneta Andiamo handbag, the same sublime Intrecciato-woven accessory that he conspicuously clutched the night prior.
Now, bear with me here because I'm going Pepe Silvia mode.
Okay, so Kendall Jenner was one of the two celebs who starred in Bottega Veneta's ingenious paparazzi-lensed Spring 2024 campaign wherein seemingly ordinary streetstyle shots were actually purposely styled and shot.
It was so perfectly pulled-off that I'm still scanning every head-to-toe Bottega outfit as if the next ad is being shaped before our eyes.
Although Kendall has recently worn full Bottega looks as of late, this looks like regular ol' athleisure, down the the adidas Sambas.
So, perhaps she's passing the Bottega torch to Bad Bunny, who was seen dudded-up in a snazzy cropped hoodie, pleated pants, and a pair of technical sneakers that at first look like a pair of his collaborative adidas Response CL shoes but, upon closer inspection, is a different pair of Three-Striped trail sneaks (Bad Bunny adidas EQT collab incoming?).
adidas shoes aside, is Bad Bunny actually taking the lead on the next stealth Bottega Veneta campaign?
Both this look and the one he wore to the afterparties — which included a Bottega-like leather coat — are impressively stylish and give that Bottega bag suspiciously prominent placement.
Further, Bad Bunny appears to be wearing Bottega Veneta trousers leaving the hotel, going off the BV-shaped belt loop on the trousers' rear. As for the hoodie, who's to say it ain't next season's swag, just like what Jenner and A$AP Rocky wore in their subliminal Bottega ads.
It's obviously no surprise that Bad Bunny has great taste but two back-to-back Bottega-centric looks? Really makes ya think.
AND remember that Bad Bunny and Kendall Jenner shared time in a Gucci campaign in 2023 before splitting up to separately star in the follow-up ads that released earlier this year. 
This could all be mere coincidence, of course, but that's what we thought about all of Jenner and Rocky's Bottega looks last year.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.