Antenna Group, which works with companies across climate, energy, mobility, real estate, healthcare and emerging B2B tech sectors, acquires Czech public relations and marketing firm Rubikon PR. Founded in 2012, Rubikon works with clients in the social impact, fintech, real estate, technology and industrial sectors. As a result of the acquisition, Rubikon clients will gain access to Antenna Group’s full-stack digital marketing, communications and public affairs services. “The acquisition is a significant milestone for Antenna as it further strengthens our ability to partner with global companies that are fostering innovation, driving sustainable growth across the planet and making a meaningful impact at scale, said Antenna Group CEO Keith Zakheim.
Alpha Financial Markets Consulting, a London-based provider of specialist consulting services to the financial services industry, acquires White Marble Consulting, a specialist marketing consultancy firm working with asset management, wealth management and alternatives clients, and Bankside Financial Solutions Consulting, a technology consulting firm. The full management teams of both White Marble and Bankside will be joining the Alpha Group as part of the transaction. The acquisition of White Marble will enable Alpha to build a marketing, brand and creative agency proposition to financial services clients globally. Bankside will bring Alpha expertise in data integration and migration. “We have worked together for many years on common clients, so today’s news is a logical step in strengthening our relationship,” said Alpha global head of asset & wealth management consulting Joe Morant.
Rimas Publishing, an Independent music publisher based in Miami and San Juan and working with such artists as Bad Bunny, establishes a division devoted to developing and implementing marketing strategies to promote its artists and music. The division will be led by Christopher Hernández, who previously oversaw licensing for the company. It will work with internal and external teams to boost audience engagement, maximize revenue, and create engaging content for various marketing channels. Hernández will also manage and plan the execution of live events, showcases and promotional activities designed to connect with fans. “The opening of this new marketing division is a crucial step in our modernization plan,” said Rimas Publishing managing director Emilio Morales. “We are confident that with Christopher leading these efforts we will strengthen our market presence and create new opportunities for our artists and creators.”
Category: PR Firm News
More PR Firm News posts from O'Dwyer's:•PR Firm News: Equiniti Completes Notified TakeoverFri., May 2, 2025Equiniti completes the acquisition of Notified, which provides a suite of PR and IR solutions that includes GlobeNewswire... The Sandpiper Group releases survey that finds business leaders are not prepared for global trade chaos... MikeWorldWide and Three Rings are selected as top firms by the Grand Stevie Awards. •What's Next for PR in 2025Thu., May 1, 2025





 



14 PR experts reveal what communicators need to know for 2025 in a discussion with D S Simon Media CEO Doug Simon.



•PR Firm News: IPR Finds Disinformation Major Problem Like Illegal Drug UseWed., Apr. 30, 2025The Institute for Public Relations and market research and analytics company Leger collaborate on a survey in which almost three quarters of respondents say disinformation is a major problem on a par with illegal drug use, hunger/poverty, and federal spending... Jason Smith, VP of marketing communications at The Hospitality Sales & Marketing Association International, has passed away... NexusOne Consulting, a government relations firm, launches “across from the White House."•PR Firm News: Publicis Groupe Acquires AdoptTue., Apr. 29, 2025Publicis Groupe acquires sports marketing agency Adopt... The Pollack Group launches imPRessions Studio... A new survey from the Public Relations Global Network and Researchscape International finds that trust, reputation and digital engagement are emerging as the most important drivers of brand influence. •Tech PR Firms Ticked Up 1.6%Tue., Apr. 29, 2025





 



The top 10 firms in our ranking of those that work with clients in the tech sector saw a 2.53 percent increase in net fees from 2023 to 2024. Overall, there was a modest rise of 1.61 percent.




Equiniti completes the acquisition of Notified, which provides a suite of PR and IR solutions that includes GlobeNewswire... The Sandpiper Group releases survey that finds business leaders are not prepared for global trade chaos... MikeWorldWide and Three Rings are selected as top firms by the Grand Stevie Awards. 
14 PR experts reveal what communicators need to know for 2025 in a discussion with D S Simon Media CEO Doug Simon.
The Institute for Public Relations and market research and analytics company Leger collaborate on a survey in which almost three quarters of respondents say disinformation is a major problem on a par with illegal drug use, hunger/poverty, and federal spending... Jason Smith, VP of marketing communications at The Hospitality Sales & Marketing Association International, has passed away... NexusOne Consulting, a government relations firm, launches “across from the White House."
Publicis Groupe acquires sports marketing agency Adopt... The Pollack Group launches imPRessions Studio... A new survey from the Public Relations Global Network and Researchscape International finds that trust, reputation and digital engagement are emerging as the most important drivers of brand influence. 
The top 10 firms in our ranking of those that work with clients in the tech sector saw a 2.53 percent increase in net fees from 2023 to 2024. Overall, there was a modest rise of 1.61 percent.
 Printer Friendly
Return to Sep. 6, 2024 News
Return to Latest PR News
No comments have been submitted for this story yet.
Copyright © 1998-2025
		  	J.R. O'Dwyer Company, Inc.
		  	271 Madison Ave., #1500
			New York, NY 10016
			Tel: 212/679-2471
Terms & Conditions 
Free Daily eNewsletter
Directory of PR Firms
PR Magazine
Order Printed Publications 
Subscribe to Exclusive Content

2024 PR Firm Rankings
PR RFPs
Find a PR Firm
Search PR Experts 
Shop for PR Services
PR Jobs