Universal Pictures

So far, with few exceptions, action has not been hitting at the box office this summer. But if you’re looking for an action fix at home, then Hulu has just what you need this month. Hulu doesn’t just have action flicks — it has some of the biggest summer blockbusters ever made. And while Hulu doesn’t always get the most recent box office hits, the classics will always make the streaming service worthwhile for movie fans.
Our picks for the three action movies on Hulu that you need to watch in June include a standalone Fast and Furious flick, an action-packed sci-fi spectacular, and a 2022 film that made its first appearance on Hulu earlier this month.
On the face of it, it makes little sense for Luke Hobbs (The Smashing Machine‘s Dwayne Johnson) and Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham) to team up after the animosity they’ve had for each other in the previous Fast and Furious movies. And yet Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs and Shaw manages to work because it completely leans into its status as a buddy action comedy.
The story is more outrageous than the typical Fast and Furious flicks, with Idris Elba as Brixton Lore, a terrorist who has been given enhanced strength through cybernetic implants. Lore even calls himself the Black Superman at one point, and it’s hard to disagree. In order to stop Lore and his organization, Hobbs and Shaw have to put their respective grudges aside and team up. And in the traditional of classic action comedies, they even start to like each other by the end.
Watch Fast & Furious Presents: Hobbs and Shaw on Hulu.
Nearly three decades ago, Independence Day blew into theaters as a big-budget alien invasion disaster flick on its way to becoming a blockbuster. This film also gets a lot of credit for making Will Smith (Bad Boys: Ride or Die) a movie star, while giving Bill Pullman one of the most memorable presidential speeches in cinematic history.
The short version of the story is that a fleet of large alien ships appear over multiple cities all over the world. Scientist David Levinson (Jeff Goldblum) is one of the few who immediately recognizes that the aliens have come to destroy humanity, and his warning doesn’t come in time to prevent the initial destruction. The survivors, including Captain Steven Hiller (Smith), rally around President Thomas J. Whitmore (Pullman) as they make a last-ditch effort to save the planet … on the Fourth of July.
Watch Independence Day on Hulu.
The Fall Guy director David Leitch embraced the action comedy genre in his most recent movie, Bullet Train. Some of the deadliest assassins in the world have converged on a single bullet train in Japan, including Tangerine (Aaron Taylor-Johnson) and Lemon (Brian Tyree Henry), Yuichi Kimura (Andrew Koji), The Wolf (Bad Bunny), The Hornet (Zazie Beetz), and a manipulative young woman who goes by The Prince (Joey King).
Ladybug (Brad Pitt) wasn’t even supposed to be on the train, but he got roped into replacing a sick colleague. All Ladybug had to do was retrieve a briefcase full of cash and get off the train. That turns out to be very difficult when trained killers are blocking every exit. And in a bad case of mistaken identity, Ladybug has no idea why so many of the assassins are trying to murder him.
Watch Bullet Train on Hulu.
Hulu is always at its best when the broadcast networks are in season. It's also the only major streamer that gets the current seasons of Fox and ABC's original programming, in addition to its own original shows, and series from around the world.
That means there's almost always something good to watch on Hulu, as well as a lot of series that fall through the cracks. This is why we've put together a list of the three underrated shows on Hulu that you need to watch in February. Between an animated comedy from Fox, an ABC News true crime docuseries, and an action thriller based on the Jason Bourne franchise, you'll have plenty of binge options before we head into March.
This year's Groundhog Day has already come and gone, but the 1993 comedy Groundhog Day remains our pick for the one Amazon Prime Video movie that you need to watch in February. It's not like this is a Christmas movie that immediately goes out of season after December 25th. Groundhog Day's namesake holiday is essentially irrelevant to the underlying story of the film. Who cares if there are six more weeks of winter when you're doomed to relive the same day over and over again?
Screenwriter Danny Rubin carried his concept for Groundhog Day for years, and it was originally a much darker story. Director Harold Ramis ultimately co-wrote and rewrote the final script with Rubin, resulting in a comedy with some fantasy elements that still manages to have moments of drama and pathos. It also had Bill Murray in one of his most memorable roles outside the Ghostbuster movies.
There have been some action films that double as love stories, but fans sometimes seem to forget that love is also the primary motivating factor in several action flicks. Would John Wick have gone on a post-retirement killing spree if gangsters hadn't shot and killed the dog his late wife left for him? We'd be here all day if we had to keep coming up with examples of this trope.
Since it's February, all three of our picks for the three action movies on Hulu that you need to watch this month revolve around love in some way. Only the third film on our list counts as a romance story, but it's also got some of the most over-the-top action.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.