By BETHAN EDWARDS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:28, 7 May 2024   |  Updated:  12:29, 7 May 2024   
 16
View  comments
Sydney Sweeney looked unrecognizable as she rocked a dark bob and an edgy brown MiuMiu co-ord at a Met Gala afterparty in New York City on Monday night. 
Just 48 hours prior to the star-studded event, the actress stepped out in the city wearing a matching £1,700 blue denim version  by the same designer. 
Clearly a fan of the design, which showed off her incredible figure, Sydney recreated her daytime look for the star-studded party. 
She turned heads as she went braless under the brown strapless scarf top which she teamed with a matching low-rise belted skirt. 
The Euphoria star ditched her blonde tresses for the short dark do and elevated her frame in a pair of black stilettos as she posed up a storm for photos. 
Sydney Sweeney looked unrecognizable as she rocked a dark bob and an edgy brown Miu Miu co-ord at a Met Gala afterparty in New York City on Monday night - 48 hours after the then blonde star wore a light blue version of the top
 She turned heads as she went braless under the brown strapless scarf top which she teamed with a matching low-rise belted skirt
After touching down in the Big Apple ahead of the biggest night in fashion, Sydney headed out and about in the full MiuMiu denim ensemble. 
For her leisurely afternoon, the Anyone but You star put her toned midriff and back on full display in her barely-there tube top, which clung to her chest.
The blonde beauty channeled the Nineties with her baggy low-waisted jeans with brown trim.
She showed off her slim physique pairing the designer look with a pair of dark sunglasses, silver hoop earrings, and a tiny white MiuMiu purse.
Sweeney added dark accents to her ensemble with a pair of black heels and a belt that sat at her waist.
Her short golden locks laid over shoulders while she opted for a light makeup look that showed off her rosy cheeks and lips.
Earlier in the evening on Monday, Sydney debuted her dark bob while making an ethereal appearance at the 2024 MET Gala in New York City. 
The actress joined other celebrities on the red carpet during the annual event, such as Zendaya and Jennifer Lopez. 
She turned heads as she went braless under the brown strapless scarf top which she teamed with a matching low-rise belted skirt
After touching down in the Big Apple ahead of the biggest night in fashion, Sydney headed out and about in the full MiuMiu denim ensemble
Sydney looked unrecognizable as she debuted a dark bob while making an ethereal appearance at the 2024 MET Gala in New York City
She was breathtaking in a one-shoulder, light blue tulle gown from Miu Miu that flowed down into a full skirt to brush the ground. 
Blue, floral details with black stems were embroidered onto the bodice as well as the upper skirt portion to follow this year's dress code: The Garden of Time. 
Sweeney turned heads as she unveiled darker locks that fell down in light waves, allowing her bangs to gently fall onto her forehead. 
Sydney also opted for a pair of black leather, opera-length gloves to coincide with the color scheme of her look. 
The Hollywood star accessorized the outfit with a pair of dainty earrings as well as a glittering, silver necklace from De Beers jewelry, per Harper's Bazaar. 
Her makeup was glammed up for the night, and comprised of a layer of mascara to her lashes as well as a light pink blush on her cheekbones. 
A nude-colored, glossy tint was worn on her lips while shimmering glitter was added to her cheeks as well as her upper body for a magical feel. 
She was breathtaking in a one-shoulder, light blue tulle gown from Miu Miu that flowed down into a full skirt to brush the ground
Before arriving to the event, the Anyone But You star was seen at The Carlyle Hotel and added a sheer, black veil on top of her head that contained rhinestone details
She also donned Miu Miu while attending the MET Gala last year which followed the theme of Karl Lagerfeld: A Line Of Beauty (seen above) 
The hem of the gown fell into a long train that flowed down behind the actress and also concealed the shoes that she donned for the night. 
Sweeney struck a variety of poses on the red carpet that was bordered with greenery and white flowers as she attended the festivities. 
Before arriving to the event, the Anyone But You star was seen at The Carlyle Hotel and added a sheer, black veil on top of her head that contained rhinestone details.
The star-studded gala annually take place at the Metropolitan Museum of Art on the first Monday in May - drawing in numerous celebrities for the big night. 
This year, the hosts for the event include Zendaya, Chris Hemsworth, Jennifer Lopez and also Bad Bunny, per Vogue.  
The MET's Costume Institute is celebrating the new exhibition called Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion with the dress code being The Garden of Time. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group