"I’m a product of what happens when the system is set up against you….But you don’t know nothing about that"
Cardi B has hit back at Elon Musk after he called her a “puppet” for endorsing Democratic candidate Vice President Kamala Harris in the upcoming US election.
The ‘WAP’ rapper made a speech endorsing Harris on Friday (November 1) during a campaign effort in Milwaukee, following performances by GloRilla, MC Lyte, the Isley Brothers, Flo Milli and DJ Gemini Gilly.
Addressing the crowd at the Wisconsin rally, she compared herself to Harris, saying she had been an “underdog” throughout her career too. “I’ve been underestimated. My success belittled and discredited,” she said. “Women have to work 10 times harder, perform 10 times better, and still, people question us how we got to the top.”
During the speech, Cardi read from her phone after the teleprompter broke. She told the crowd “I took my time writing this speech, so I’m gonna make sure I deliver it right.”
Following her speech, Musk took to Twitter/X to criticise her, writing: “Another puppet who can’t even talk without being fed the words. The Kamala campaign has no authenticity or true empathy.”
Another puppet who can’t even talk without being fed the words. 
The Kamala campaign has no authenticity or true empathy. https://t.co/gwbZBKIAk8
— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) November 2, 2024
Cardi responded soon after, saying “I’m not a puppet Elon.. I’m a daughter of two immigrant parents that had to work their ass off to provide for me!
“I’m a product of welfare, I’m a product of section 8 [the Housing Choice Voucher Program], I’m a product of poverty and I’m a product of what happens when the system is set up against you….But you don’t know nothing about that,” she continued.
She went on to say: “You don’t know not one thing about the American struggle…. PS fix my algorithm.”
I’m not a puppet Elon.. I’m a daughter of two immigrant parents that had to work their ass off to provide for me! I’m a product of welfare, I’m a product of section 8, I’m a product of poverty and I’m a product of what happens when the system is set up against you….But you don’t… https://t.co/BBYQ2O0KYJ
— Cardi B (@iamcardib) November 2, 2024
It’s not the first time Cardi has endorsed Harris, after she previously backed her in July, long before Joe Biden withdrew from the race. “They should’ve passed the torch to Kamala. This was the perfect moment for her,” she said at the time.
Cardi is also not the first public figure to receive criticism from Musk for backing Harris. In September, after Hayley Williams gave a passionate speech against Trump, Musk said Williams and other Harris supporters are “paid actors for hire”. Williams later responded, saying: “What I had to say was important.”
Jennifer Lopez and Kamala Harris at a campaign rally in Las Vegas, Nevada, on October 31, 2024. (Photo by BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP via Getty Images)
The rapper joins a large list of figures from the entertainment world throwing their support behind Harris.
Taylor Swift told fans that she would be voting for the Democrat “because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them”, and last week, the cast of Marvel’s Avengers, including Mark Ruffalo, Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans and Don Cheadle, reunited to endorse Harris in an Instagram clip.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, a former Republican governor of California, has also said he is voting for Harris. “I will always be an American before I am a Republican,” he said. “That’s why, this week, I am voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. I’m sharing it with all of you because I think there are a lot of you who feel like I do. You don’t recognise our country. And you are right to be furious.”
Others backing the Democratic candidate include Madonna, St. Vincent, Jennifer Lopez, Charli XCX, Joni Mitchell, Chappell Roan, Megan Thee Stallion, Cher, Lizzo, Eminem, Usher, P!nk, Leonardo DiCaprio, Bad Bunny, Bon Iver, Quavo, Mumford & Sons, GloRilla and Finneas.
Meanwhile, Kid Rock, Kelsey Grammer, Kanye West, and Hulk Hogan have come out in support of Trump.
The election will take place next Tuesday (November 5).
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.