MIAMI - Wisin will be able to add a new profession to his resume as of July: television host. Univision announced on Tuesday that he will be one of the presenters for the 2024 edition of Premios Juventud. Joining him to host the ceremony, which will take place on July 25 in Puerto Rico, are Venezuelan artist Lele Pons and Dominican Clarissa Molina.
Under this year's slogan "Atrévete Más," Univision also announced the nominees, with a diverse group of artists led by Latin music stars Carin León, Maluma, and Peso Pluma, each with seven nominations. The list of nominees also includes Colombians Karol G and Shakira with six each, while Becky G and Grupo Frontera have five.
Bad Bunny, Bizarrap, Farruko, Feid, Fuerza Regida, Manuel Turizo and Ozuna, on their end, are each competing for four awards. The audience can vote for their favorite artists at PremiosJuventud.com from Tuesday until Monday, July 8.
According to the network, this year the event will give special recognition to Latino content creators who lead on social media with the addition of new categories highlighting digital personalities making a significant impact on our culture.
A panel composed of television personalities that work in Univision shows and digital experts, including Migbelis Castellanos (Desiguales,) Jessica Rodríguez (Despierta América,) Angélica Torres (Univision Noticias,) Catherine Gallego (VP, Social Media Advertising at Univision,) Héctor Benavides (Director of Creator Campaigns at Univision), and Oriana González (Executive Creative Director at Univision, Así Studios,) was responsible for nominating individuals in each of these categories.
A post shared by instagram
The categories dedicated to recognizing content creators include Creator of the Year, which honors the top representatives of our culture in the realm of social media; Creator Who Inspires Me, celebrating those who generate inspiring content; Creator with a Cause, honoring those who dedicate their time to raising awareness and defending social causes; and Best LOL, highlighting those who bring laughter and joy to their followers with humor. The nominated content creators in Spanish were selected based on their reach, audience engagement, and impact within the United States.
As in previous editions and true to its tradition, Premios Juventud recognizes the passions and interests of youth through special categories and distinctive recognitions, such as "Agents of Change," which highlight young entrepreneurs and artists who stand out for their selfless contributions to creating a better world.
The award ceremony will take place on the Coliseo de Puerto Rico José Miguel Agrelot on Thursday, July 25. It will be broadcast on Univision.
A post shared by instagram
© 2025 Latin Times. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.