by
Police in Toronto say a security guard at Drake’s Toronto home was severely injured in a shooting carried out by several individuals in a car. This all happened on Tuesday morning. The alleged victim has been identified as a security guard working at the residence. He has been taken to the hospital in serious condition.
Apparently this was all live streamed on CBS up in Toronto. The security guard was standing outside of the gate in front of the residence when the shooting occurred. I gotta tell you, this all begs the question, has this war of words between Drake and Kendrick Lamar gone too far? Stay tuned, there is more on this one.
Hats off to Cardi B, Bad Bunny, and Colman Domingo. They all slayed at the Met Ball. And, of course, there is Zendaya, who just brings it every time. She had two different outfits on. You know, there was a theme of the environment of land, sea, and sky. And everybody seemed to really, really nail it.
By the way, Cardi B had to be carried up the carpet by nine or ten people because her gown was so big. I don’t know how these people sit down once they get up those stairs. Anyway, the gala raises money for the Fashion Institute and I hear the tickets run around $75,000 and up, so I’m sure they did pretty well in the fundraising department.
On the heels of Mother’s Day, Marlon Wayans talks about why he never married. In a New York Times interview, the actor comedian, who has two sons, revealed he will possibly be a lifelong bachelor due to wanting to please his late mother. Marlon says he never wanted his mother to be jealous of whomever he decided to marry, and for that, he still hasn’t wed.
Well, this is all ahead of his upcoming Prime Video stand up special, Good Grief, where he talks about all of the losses of his life, but you know what, he’s still has managed to keep us laughing. We love you, Marlon.
And for all these stories and a whole lot more, don’t forget to follow Tanya Hart on social media @tanyahollywood and @aurnonline.
Click play to hear the Hollywood Live report from Tanya Hart:
American Urban Radio Networks (@aurnonline) • Instagram photos and videos
Stay informed with the latest news from a leading Black-owned & controlled media company.