Posted in: Preview, TV, YouTube | Tagged: drag queens, drag race, LGBTQ, queens, rupaul, season 16
With the second half of the two-episode season opener hitting tonight, here's a preview of RuPaul's Drag Race S16E02 "Queen Choice Awards."
By the time the credits rolled on MTV's RuPaul's Drag Race S16E01: "Rate-A-Queen," our queens had taken on "MTV's Spring Break" talent show and found themselves having to rate one another. In the end, it was Q & Sapphira Cristál who had received the highest scores – making them that week's top 2 (while everyone else was declared safe). But it would be "Break My Soul" by Beyoncé that would determine the week's winner – with Sapphira Cristál taking lip-sync top honors and Q remaining safe. That brings us to tonight's second half of the two-episode season opener – S16E02: "Queen Choice Awards," as seven new queens make their way into the "Werk Room" for an episode that will see them performing in a "Queen Choice Awards" talent show – with superstar singer Becky G aboard as this week's guest judge. Check out the clip above to get a better vibe on our queens before showtime – and make sure to check out our viewers' guide below.
WELCOME BACK! Of course, Emmy Award-winning host RuPaul and mainstay judges Michelle Visage, Carson Kressley, Ross Mathews & Ts Madison are back for another season of fierceness.
WHO ARE THIS SEASON'S GUEST JUDGES? For the two-episode premiere, "Drag Race" has award-winning actress & producer Charlize Theron and acclaimed musician Becky G. During the season, viewers can also look forward to seeing Adam Shankman, Icona Pop (Caroline Hjelt + Aino Jawo), Isaac Mizrahi, Jamal Sims, Joel Kim Booster, Kaia Gerber, Kelsea Ballerini, Kyra Sedgwick, Law Roach, Mayan Lopez, Ronan Farrow, and Sarah Michelle Gellar.
WHAT'S WITH THE TWO-EPISODE PREMIERE? The two-episode opener showcases the iconic talent show as the Maxi Challenge, which is separately themed as MTV's Spring Break and the "Queen Choice Awards." Both episodes will feature a gag-worthy twist following the talent show performances, where the queens will be tasked to "Rate-A-Queen" – ranking each other's performances to determine the tops and bottoms of that week.
WHEN/WHERE CAN I WATCH? The two-episode season premiere runs on Friday, January 5th & Friday, January 12th – with each 90-minute episode airing on Fridays at 8:00 PM ET/PT on MTV. If you have a cable login but want to watch online, you can view the series via MTV.com. Otherwise, you may want to consider some free trial offers that Sling TV, Fubo TV, Philo, Hulu+Live TV, YouTube TV, DirecTV Stream, and other might be offering.
Season 16 of Drag Race will feature 14 queens vying for the title of "America's Next Drag Superstar" and a cash prize of $200,000. This season's cast of queens includes Amanda Tori Meating (Los Angeles, CA), Dawn (Brooklyn, NY), Geneva Karr (Brownsville, TX), Hershii LiqCour-Jeté (Los Angeles, CA), Megami (Brooklyn, NY), Mhi'ya Iman Le'Paige (Miami, FL), Mirage (Las Vegas, NV), Morphine Love Dion (Miami, FL), Nymphia Wind (Taiwan/NY), Plane Jane (Boston, MA), Plasma (New York, NY), Q (Kansas City, MO), Sapphira Cristál  (Philadelphia, PA), and Xunami Muse (New York, NY):
AMANDA TORI MEATING, 26 – LOS ANGELES, CA | @amandatorimeating
Calling all staff: there's a mandatory meeting to discuss this funny queen! Ready to take it to the top with her wit, wigs, and energetic moves, this talented wig stylist has done wigs for Drag Race queens Kerri and Sasha Colby, and Beyoncé's music video dancers. Amanda is the ultimate mix of camp and comedy!
DAWN, 24 – BROOKLYN, NY | @upuntil.dawn
The self-described "ethereal elf goddess of Brooklyn," Dawn is a fitting name for a queen who often stays up late enough to see the sunrise. Designing and constructing almost all of her eccentric looks, this kooky and artistic queen always brings a story when she hits the stage… and she's hoping for a happy ending at Drag Race!
GENEVA KARR, 30 – BROWNSVILLE, TX | @geneva_karr
¡Viva México! RuPaul's Drag Race's first Mexican born queen, Geneva witnessed her parents' struggles as they worked tirelessly to get her family safely to the United States in search of a better life. A dancing queen with a mischievous energy, she plans to be the first Mexican born queen to win the crown!
HERSHII LIQCOUR-JETÉ, 31 – LOS ANGELES, CA | @hershiiliqcour
It's chocolate! Part of the legendary Haus of Jeté, Hershii counts Drag Race star Kornbread Jeté as her sister. A take-no-prisoners performer with a legion of LA area fans, Hershii is now ready to slay the main stage of RuPaul's Drag Race. When not performing, Hershii is very family-oriented, and together with her boyfriend is raising two young children.
MEGAMI, 33 – BROOKLYN, NY | @megaminyc
This self-proclaimed "geek-chic" queen started doing drag as a cosplayer at conventions such as Comic Con, and from there incorporated high fashion into her characterful designs. Proudly claiming Nuyorican culture, Megami means "Goddess" in Japanese, and this creative force now hopes to rule the Drag Race world!
MHI'YA IMAN LE'PAIGE, 34 – MIAMI, FL | @queenofflipss
Get ready for your world to be turned upside down! An electrifying performer, Mhi'ya is known as the Queen of Flips. That's because you can find Mhi'ya performing her thrilling flips and tricks in the sun, on the sidewalks of South Beach. Mhi'ya's videos of her flipping onto café tables have caught fire on social media– now she's ready to flip the competition on its head!
MIRAGE, 29 – LAS VEGAS, NV | @mirage_amuro
A heady mixture of stripper heels and stripper moves: the "Legs of Las Vegas" is here! Hailing from Sin City, this Native American and Mexican beauty towers in 7" heels and legs that go on for days. Already a showgirl sensation on the Strip, this quirky queen is ready for the RuPaul's Drag Race's crown!
MORPHINE LOVE DION, 25 – MIAMI, FL | @morphinelovemua
Body, beauty and "mug": just what the doctor ordered. Morphine started out doing makeup tutorials on social media. Now, she is the self-proclaimed "It Girl of Miami." Can this trained dancer– who has been featured in Maluma and Bad Bunny music videos– cha cha her way to the top of the competition?
NYMPHIA WIND, 27 – TAIWAN / NY | @66wind99
Banana Time! RuPaul's Drag Race's first queen to hail from Taiwan, Nymphia came to the United States to build on her massive fanbase of "Banana Believers" – a term given to her fans thanks to her signature color yellow, and penchant for the absurd. Inspired by Asian culture, art and tradition, let's hope she doesn't slip up in the competition!
PLANE JANE, 24 – BOSTON, MA | @the_planejane
Fasten your seatbelts! Because yes, that is how you spell this diva's name. Plane Jane is as glamorous as she is wickedly funny; Boston-raised, but with Russian roots. No stranger to competition, Plane Jane was a competitive ballroom dancer as a child. Now she's focusing all of her passion on becoming America's Next Drag Superstar.
PLASMA, 24 – NEW YORK, NY | @plasmanyc
Straight out of Old Hollywood, this vintage-inspired femme fatale leaves all of the boys hot and bothered. Raised listening to Julie Andrews, Judy Garland and Barbra Streisand, Plasma channeled her love for divas into drag… and the rest is herstory. Can this queen's BFA in Musical Theatre Performance raise the roof at RuPaul's Drag Race? Time will tell!
Q, 26 – KANSAS CITY, MO | @living4q
The only letter of the alphabet you ever need worry about! This talented diva is a theater queen who specializes in the costuming aspect of drag. She makes all of her own looks, plus many commissioned costumes for prior Drag Race stars. Q is ready to go all the way in this competition; one design challenge after the next!
SAPPHIRA CRISTÁL, 34 – PHILADELPHIA, PA | @sapphiracristal
Philadelphia's crown jewel, Sapphira is a serious musician with a six-octave vocal range. This powerhouse performer studied Music Composition, Vocal Performance and Opera, and in drag she can be found hosting, singing, dancing and performing comedy. Is there anything this diva cannot do?!
XUNAMI MUSE, 33 – NEW YORK, NY | @xunamimuse 
This self-described "knock-off Naomi Campbell " is the supermodel of the season. Originally from Colón, Panama, Xunami moved to New York City, where Drag Race superstar Kandy Muse became her drag mother. Signed with a modeling agency in New York, time will tell if this leggy beauty can strut her way to the top!
WHAT ABOUT "RUPAUL'S DRAG RACE: UNTUCKED"? The Emmy Award-winning aftershow will premiere immediately following on MTV, offering viewers a behind-the-scenes look at the backstage drama as the queens anxiously await their fate in the competition.
HOW DO I FOLLOW ON SOCIAL MEDIA? For more information on RuPaul's Drag Race and up-to-date news, follow the long-running reality competition series on X, Instagram, TikTok, Threads,  Facebook, and WhatsApp for all the latest tea (with the hashtag: #DragRace).
SO WHAT'S THE FINE PRINT? RuPaul's Drag Race and RuPaul's Drag Race: Untucked are produced by World of Wonder Productions, with Fenton Bailey, Randy Barbato, Tom Campbell, Steven Corfe, Mandy Salangsang, Michele Mills and RuPaul Charles serving as executive producers. Daniel Blau Rogge serves as executive producer for MTV, and Julie Ha serves as supervising producer. The show's sponsors include Cash App, Olay Body, Smirnoff, and ViiV Healthcare.
Enjoyed this? Please share on social media!