Posted in: NBC, Opinion, Review, TV, TV | Tagged: Jacob Elordi, nbc, rene rapp, saturday night live, season 49, snl
There were some positives to take away from this weekend's SNL with host Jacob Elordi and musical guest Reneé Rapp - just not a lot of them.
Well, there are definitely two positives that we can take away from this weekend's episode of NBC's Saturday Night Live, with host Jacob Elordi (Saltburn) and musical guest Reneé Rapp. First, we get to congratulate Bad Bunny, who gets to move out of the Season 49 basement as the worst show this season so far. Second, next week's host Dakota Johnson (Madame Web), and musical guest Justin Timberlake were presented with a bar set so low they could crawl over it. Yeah, this wasn't a good one. When it comes to hosting, we always cut first-timers some slack – but with that said, Elordi seemed to be doing just enough in each sketch not to get lost in all of it but not enough to stand out. In more blunt terms? I would be surprised to see him sporting a "Five-Timers" robe anytime soon.
But most of the blame falls on the SNL Cast & writers for taking a single premise ("Guess what? Jacob Elordi's hot!") and comedically beating it to death over the course of ninety minutes. The show felt like the SNL team spent six days gushing over Elordi and then one day putting the show together – with everyone channeling their hots for Elordi into their sketches. Also, the show's getting a little too comfortable putting the physical aspects of their male hosts on display for "comedic purposes" in ways it wouldn't with their female hosts. With that in mind, let's dive deeper into last night's SNL…
SO WHAT DIDN'T WORK? Elordi's monologue, "Crown Your Short King," "Acting Class," "Women's AA Meeting," and "Garrett from Hinge: Wedding" were the sketches that played on Elordi being hot or had Elordi playing a character whose hotness is a focal point (and you could make the argument for "Bowling Pins," too). That's a lot. If I'm Elordi's press team, I'm loving it – but if you're a viewer who doesn't quite buy into the overall premise, it left you feeling like an outside looking in. Basically, this weekend's SNL became that friend who won't stop talking about that person they have the hots for while you have no clue what they see in them.
Though James Austin Johnson continues his roll of amazing turns as Donald Trump, "Trump Courthouse Cold Open" was less of a cold open and more of a cautionary tale/warning of what 2024 holds for the U.S. – and the world. Even great turns from Devon Walker as Shannon Sharpe and Ego Nwodim as Katt Williams couldn't boost the uninspired "Club Shay Shay: Extended Cut." Even "Weekend Update" seemed off its game. It wasn't so much the jokes as it seemed like Colin Jost & Michael Che let themselves give into the shitty vibe coming from an audience that was a bit too judgy with their reactions. Also, I'm going to need to check out that segment with Punkie Johnson as Deobra Redden again – my first reaction was it came across a little too "pass the blame" without a decent satirical vibe and a little too "punching down."
SO WHAT WORKED? It was a total lost cause – but it came dame close. Thankfully, we had nearly two sketches and another guest appearance that helped save the day. Here's a look:
"Bowling Pins": Elordi and Heidi Gardner play a couple on a date at a bowling alley – and they were the only part of "Bowling Pins" that weighed it down. Otherwise, the SNL cast was perfect as bowling pins in a progressively more twisted & disturbing series of bowling alley videos – with Sarah Sherman as a Bowling Pin FBI Investigator giving a press conference on a serial killer for the "9" video standing out.
Alaska Airlines Ad: Elordi, Gardner & Kenan Thompson did a great job finding comedy in the not-so-funny incident that Alaska Airlines had when a cabin door broke off mid-flight. Bonus points for calling out corporations that twist themselves into oblivion in an effort to find a positive spin on anything – with a dig at Spirit Airlines at the end, of course.
Reneé Rapp: "Not My Fault" with Megan Thee Stallion (Live): While Rapp offered two solid performances (but didn't leave much of an impression in "Entertainment Tonight Lip-Readers"), it was great to see Megan Thee Stallion take the stage. Along with jacking up the energy levels to plus-ultra, it was a nice reminder of how great Megan Thee Stallion was when she hosted.
Enjoyed this? Please share on social media!