FACEBOOK
TWITTER
YOUTUBE
LINKEDIN
INSTAGRAM
FLICKR
RSS

  ©2025 The Aspen Institute. All Rights Reserved


  September 16, 2024
	 •

Aspen Institute Latinos and Society 
For decades, Latinos have harnessed the power of their rich cultural roots to break into untapped markets, disrupt outdated paradigms, and transform industries and popular culture. Despite their undeniable impact, the stories and achievements of Latinos often remain hidden or misrepresented within mainstream narratives.
This Hispanic Heritage Month, we want to spotlight the enduring legacy of past trailblazers and the groundbreaking contributions of today’s emerging visionaries who are redefining America’s economic and cultural landscape through entertainment. 
By showcasing these popular and renowned Latinos, we celebrate their lasting influence on American culture, where their creativity, ingenuity, and unique gifts have left an indelible mark. Latino representation, spanning decades of television and now streaming platforms, has introduced viewers to the richness and vibrancy of our culture, shifting perceptions and positioning our community as vital to the broader American experience.
Latinos are, in fact, Market Makers—innovators and leaders who not only contribute to but actively define new markets, set trends, and expand the horizons of what is possible in every industry they touch.
Celia Cruz is known as the “Queen of Salsa” and popularized the genre we know and love today. Recently, she was posthumously minted as the 14th coin in the American Women Quarters Program, honoring her legacy as a Cuban-American singer, cultural icon, and one of the most popular Latin artists of the 20th century.
Gloria Estefan is a winner of eight Grammy’s with an estimated 100 million records sold worldwide. Her remarkable career was turned into a hit musical  “On Your Feet!” telling the inspiring story of Gloria and her husband, Emilio Estefan, and the unshakable belief in their talent to achieve the American Dream and become international sensations. “On Your Feet!” is now captivating audiences around the world, performed in multiple languages and bringing the story of the Estefans to every corner of the globe.
Selena was the first music artist to have five Spanish albums simultaneously chart on the Billboard 200 and the first female Tejano artist to win Best Mexican-American Album at the GRAMMYs. In 1994, Selena launched her fashion & beauty boutique, Selena, Inc., attracting a devoted fan base that spanned over 15 years. Her impact continues today, with her life and legacy immortalized in a beloved movie and more recently, a Netflix series, further solidifying her influence across generations.
Bad Bunny, known as the “King of Latin Trap” holds the second-biggest streaming year of any artist in Spotify history. Since his rise in 2016, he has transformed himself into a global brand by leveraging music streaming platforms, social media, and high-profile partnerships with brands like Gucci, Adidas, and WWE. In 2023, he further expanded his influence by teaming up with Forbes 30 Under 30 Latinx Pitch Competition, investing $100,000 in the winning startup to support and uplift small businesses.
Roberto Clemente, a legendary “power hitter,” earned 12 Gold Glove awards and achieved 3,000 career hits, including 11 triples, 31 doubles, and 29 home runs. When the Pirates won the 1971 World Series, he famously gave an interview in Spanish and English—the first time Spanish was spoken on national U.S. television. He was also the first Latino inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame. Beyond his impact on the field, Clemente dedicated his life to humanitarian work, particularly in Latin America, with a focus on Nicaragua.
When Pelé made his debut in the U.S., ten million people tuned in to watch—setting a record American TV audience for soccer. His presence with the New York Cosmos sparked a newfound fascination with the sport, tripling the team’s home attendance in just half a season. By the time he retired in 1977, average league attendance had nearly doubled, from 7,642 to 13,558. Pelé ignited a passion for the soccer in America, transforming it from a niche activity into a growing market with lasting cultural and economic impact.
Manu Ginóbili, a four-time NBA champion and one of the greatest shooting guards in the league’s history, is renowned for revolutionizing the game with moves like the Euro step, introducing new plays and skills that forever changed how basketball is played. Beyond his achievements on the court, Ginóbili is now making waves as an entrepreneur, investing in Latino industries, particularly Latino-led tech startups, further expanding his legacy as a trailblazer both in sports and business.
Lauren Hernandez, an Olympic medalist in Artistic Gymnastics, made history as the first U.S.-born Hispanic gymnast to compete for Team USA since 1984. Since retiring from gymnastics in 2021, she has successfully transitioned into new roles, becoming a prominent NBC commentator for the 2024 Paris Games and launching her own “Shero” Barbie with Mattel. Hernandez continues to inspire young girls and women, proving that her influence extends far beyond the gym.
Set in 1970s Miami, the Peña family navigates their new reality as they adapt to a new country and language. Celebrated as America’s first bilingual sit-com, it explores the trials, tribulations, and traditions that define family bonds. The show continues to resonate with Latinos who celebrate and embrace their “Cuban-ness.” At its core, it’s an impactful story of a multi-generational family finding a new freedom in the United States while still preserving their Cuban heritage, traditions, and values.
The George Lopez Show featured an almost entirely Latino cast across 5 successful seasons. It captured the everyday charisma, struggles, and dynamics of a Mexican-American family, bringing the Latino experience into the mainstream on English-speaking networks. This visibility was a significant moment for many in the United States and gave the Latino community a platform in popular culture and signaling progress in media diversity. 
Based on the Colombian series ‘Yo soy Betty, la fea,’ which aired for 335 episodes, ‘Ugly Betty’ was reimagined for an American audience and aired for four successful seasons on ABC.  The series stars America Ferrera as Betty Suarez, who fearlessly defies beauty norms while navigating the competitive fashion industry in NYC. Moreover, Betty’s story resonates with the experiences of children of immigrants living between two worlds. The story’s global appeal has inspired 26 international adaptations to date, including a recent, highly successful reboot by Amazon Prime Video in Colombia: Betty La Fea: The Story Continues.
Rebooted from the 1975 TV classic, One Day at a Time features three generations of the Cuban-American Alvarez family, led by actresses Justina Machado and Rita Moreno, as they navigate life’s joys and challenges. This new take on One Day at a Time features contemporary issues, like complex work dynamics and queer representation, contributing to a more authentic Latino family narrative and higher show ratings. Shows like One Day at a Time remind us how far we’ve come in achieving representation, yet also highlight the need for even greater progress to ensure more authentic Latino voices are heard.
Known as the “Voice of Hispanic America,” she is one of the most recognized Hispanic female journalists in the United States. In the three decades of her work, she has reported in the U.S. and across 18 Latin American countries. She has interviewed Latin American heads of state, rebel leaders, dictators, and every United States president since Jimmy Carter.

José Diáz-Balart
Diáz-Balart made history as the first Cuban-American to host a network news program on CBS and the first U.S. journalist to broadcast newscasts in both English and Spanish simultaneously on two networks. His career is marked by many firsts. He has received five national Emmys for his work with Telemundo Network, including the 2020-2021 Outstanding Newscast Anchor award.

César Conde
As the first Hispanic to lead a major English-language television news organization, Conde spearheaded substantial investments in digital and streaming at NBCU News Group. Under his leadership, it became the only news organization to operate three major streaming channels and achieved historic ratings milestones. Previously, Conde served as chairman of NBCUniversal International Group and NBCUniversal Telemundo Enterprises, following his role as president of Univision’s networks division.

Ilia Calderón
As an Emmy winning journalist, Calderón became the first Afro-Latina to anchor a weekday primetime newscast for a major U.S. Broadcast Network. She has co-hosted both Republican and Democratic presidential debates, establishing notable careers across various broadcast networks including Telemundo, Noticiero Univision and Primer Impacto, TC Television, and others.

										Program
									

										Topic
									

										tags
										




September 30, 2021
 Aspen Ideas to Go



July 26, 2021
 Aspen Global Leadership Network


Sign up for our email newsletter
FACEBOOK
TWITTER
YOUTUBE
LINKEDIN
INSTAGRAM
FLICKR
RSS

  ©2025 The Aspen Institute. All Rights Reserved