By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:11, 21 April 2024   |  Updated:  14:33, 22 April 2024   
 1.1k
View  comments
Sydney Sweeney shared bikini-clad vacation photos of her Mexican getaway on Instagram on Sunday while also taking aim at a female film producer who had lambasted her looks and acting abilities days earlier.
In a few pictures, the 26-year-old Immaculate producer and star relaxed while sporting a cozy gray sweatshirt emblazoned with the phrase 'Sorry for having great t**s.'
Sydney sported the NSFW top while demonstrating the splits alongside two gal pals.
Her sizzling display appeared to be a rebuke of the veteran film producer Carol Baum, who had slammed Sweeney's performance in her hit romantic comedy Anyone But You, which set off the Euphoria star's fans and earned a response from the actress as well.
Baum (known for producing Dead Ringers, Father of the Bride and Buffy the Vampire Slayer) made her controversial remarks during a live event in Pleasantville, New York, to New York Times film critic Janet Maslin.
Sydney Sweeney wore a sweatshirt emblazoned with the phrase 'Sorry for having great t**s' during her getaway to Mexico
She continued to share bikini-clad vacation snaps of her fun-filled getaway with her 21.5M social media followers on Sunday
Sweeney seemed to be responding to nasty comments made by veteran producer Carol Baum (Dead Ringers, Father of the Bride and Buffy the Vampire Slayer) during a live event with New York Times film critic Janet Maslin
Following a screening of David Cronenberg's classic horror film Dead Ringers, which stars Jeremy Irons as disturbed twin gynecologists, the 81-year-old USC professor confessed she had just seen the in-demand Zoomer's rom-com Anyone But You on an airplane and found it 'unwatchable.' 
She scoffed to her class of future filmmakers: 'Explain this girl to me. She's not pretty, she can't act. Why is she so hot?'
She recalled that 'Nobody had an answer but then the question was asked, "Well if you could get your movie made because she was in it, would you do it?"
'I said, "Well that's a really good question... that's a very hard question to answer because we all want to get the movie made and who walks away from a green light? Nobody I know. Your job is to get the movie made,"' Baum said.
A representative for Sweeney subsequently lashed out at the producer in response.
'How sad that a woman in the position to share her expertise and experience chooses instead to attack another woman,' they told Variety.
'If that's what she's learned in her decades in the industry and feels is appropriate to teach to her students, that's shameful. To unjustly disparage a fellow female producer speaks volumes about Ms. Baum's character.'
Baum has produced dozens of films featuring many of the biggest Hollywood stars of the past few decades, and just last year she published the book Creative Producing.
Although Sweeney is best known for her acting on Euphoria and the first season of HBO's other hit series The White Lotus, she has lately begun producing her own films to exert an extra degree of creative control. 
Her fans came to her defense as well on X (formerly Twitter), with one of Sweeney's most zealous fans decrying that Baum was 'bitter and irrelevant,' while another unfavorably compared the octogenarians looks to the younger star's.
The actress — who has practiced mixed martial arts since middle school — also showcased how flexible she was in her new post by performing a backbend.
The Spokane-born, LA-raised bombshell shared a video of herself dancing barefoot on the beach while clad in a nude-colored halter top and matching maxi-skirt.
And considering Sydney was dancing to La Bamba being performed by a Mariachi band, one can reasonably conclude she's in a coastal hotspot like Cabo San Lucas.
Sweeney captioned her Instagram slideshow: 'Good times and tan lines.'
Joining the Madame Web action star in paradise was her Fifty-Fifty Films producing partner and fiancé of over two years - Jonathan Davino - whom she's been dating as far back as 2018.
Sydney tagged her gal pals Kelley McCartney, Karina Kovsky, Hadley Robinson, Morganne Wray, Anastasia Lupu in Polaroid snaps of their trip.
And of course, Sweeney brought along her beloved canine companion, Tank, who donned a tiny sombrero.
The Armani Beauty brand ambassador's post received supportive comments from Road House actor Lukas Gage, Grammy-nominated pop star Anitta, and the Grammy-nominated rock band Smashmouth.
Sydney sported the NSFW top while demonstrating the splits alongside two gal pals
Sweeney - who's practiced mixed martial arts since middle school - also showcased how flexible she was by performing a backbend
The Spokane-born, LA-raised bombshell shared a video of herself dancing barefoot on the beach while clad in a nude-colored halter top and matching maxi-skirt
And considering Sydney was dancing to La Bamba being performed by a Mariachi band, one can reasonably conclude she's in a coastal hotspot like Cabo San Lucas
Sweeney captioned her Instagram slideshow: 'Good times and tan lines'
Joining the Madame Web action star in paradise was her Fifty-Fifty Films producing partner and fiancé of over two years - Jonathan Davino (L) - whom she's been dating as far back as 2018
Sydney tagged her gal pals Kelley McCartney, Karina Kovsky, Hadley Robinson, Morganne Wray, Anastasia Lupu in Polaroid snaps of their trip
And of course, Sweeney brought along her beloved canine companion, Tank, who donned a tiny sombrero
The Armani Beauty brand ambassador's post received supportive comments from Road House actor Lukas Gage, Grammy-nominated pop star Anitta, and the Grammy-nominated rock band Smashmouth
Sydney has been posting vacation snaps - including footage of her kiteboarding adventures - online as far back as last Friday
Max will reportedly 'come up with a solid plan to begin filming the delayed third season of Euphoria on October 1' while creator Sam Levinson works on scripts for the critically-acclaimed teen drama starring the SAG Award nominee as Cassie Howard 
Sydney also has three upcoming films - Lionsgate's modern-day western Americana (pictured on set in 2022), Apple TV+ Pennsylvania horse farm thriller Echo Valley, and Ron Howard's Galápagos-set survival thriller Eden 
Sydney has been posting vacation snaps - including footage of her kiteboarding adventures - online as far back as last Friday.
Sweeney will next glam up in her best 'Garden of Time'-style gown for the May 6th Met Gala in Manhattan themed 'Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion' and co-chaired by her Euphoria co-star Zendaya as well as Bad Bunny, Chris Hemsworth, and Jennifer Lopez.
Max will reportedly 'come up with a solid plan to begin filming the delayed third season of Euphoria on October 1' while creator Sam Levinson works on scripts for the critically-acclaimed teen drama starring the SAG Award nominee as Cassie Howard.
Sydney also has three upcoming films - Lionsgate's modern-day western Americana, Apple TV+ Pennsylvania horse farm thriller Echo Valley, and Ron Howard's Galápagos-set survival thriller Eden.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group