By LILY JOBSON FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:34, 7 May 2024   |  Updated:  16:55, 7 May 2024   
 41
View  comments
Sienna Miller nailed boho chic as she attended a star-studded Met Gala afterparty with boyfriend Oli Green in New York City on Tuesday.
The actress, 42, was seen departing the boozy bash in the earlier hours of the morning alongside beloved boyfriend Oli, 27.
Hours after she stunned on the iconic Met Gala stairs in a glamorous lace gown, Sienna changed into a casual attire with chunky tan wedges.
The mother-of-two, who welcomed her second child with Oli just four months ago, slipped into a low-cut blouse, teamed with cut-out bootcut denim jeans.
Meanwhile, Oli looked incredibly handsome in a dapper navy tuxedo and crisp white shirt, complemented with black Adidas trainers. 
Sienna Miller, 42, nailed boho chic as she attended a star-studded Met Gala afterparty with boyfriend Oli Green, 27, in New York City on Tuesday
The actress was seen departing the boozy bash in the earlier hours of the morning alongside beloved boyfriend Oli
Earlier in the evening, Sienna wowed in a flowing white lace gown as she graced the 2024 Met Gala carpet.
The actress turned heads as she arrived at the star-studded gala in an incredibly chic ensemble.
Sienna arrived holding hands alongside Greta Gerwig, Chemena Kamali, Emma Mackey and Zoe Saldana.
Stars in attendance for the evening included Kim Kardashian, who sent shockwaves as she flaunted her astonishingly small waist in a silver custom Maison Margiela gown by John Galliano.
Her sister Kylie Jenner kept it simple and chic in a rose-water colored strapless gown by Oscar de la Renta, paired with a rose in her hair. 
Jennifer Lopez posed up a storm on the steps in a dazzling in a sparkling see-through bejeweled ensemble.
Fellow co-chair Zendaya made a statement in a blue and green custom Maison Margiela by John Galliano gown, featuring branch and fruit accents. 
Zendaya slipped on a second look for the Met Gala - a 1996 black Givenchy by John Galliano gown - with an 2007 Alexander McQueen floral hat. 
The mother-of-two, who welcomed her second child with Oli just four months ago, slipped into a low-cut blouse, teamed with cut-out bootcut denim jeans
Earlier in the evening, Sienna wowed in a flowing white lace gown as she graced the 2024 Met Gala carpet 
The actress turned heads as she arrived at the star-studded gala in an incredibly chic ensemble
Sienna arrived holding hands alongside Greta Gerwig, Chemena Kamali, Emma Mackey and Zoe Saldana 
The Costume Institute's spring exhibition falls on the first Monday in May every year and is held at New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art.
This year the event was titled Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion while the dress code was The Garden of Time.
Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth were this year's co-chairs. Also on the committee is Vogue's Anna Wintour.
The honorary chairs for the evening were Loewe creative director Jonathan Anderson and TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew.
'This year's co-chairs reflect a variety of career achievements, and all have distinct style histories with the Met Gala,' Vogue shared.
The showcase features approximately 250 items drawn from The Costume Institute's permanent collection — with many of the pieces too fragile to ever be worn again.
The pieces will all be displayed using elements such as AI, GCI, and more while playing up themes of land, sea and sky. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group