The former couple reportedly called it quits back in December 2023.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Rumors are swirling that model Kendall Jenner and Grammy award-winning artist Bad Bunny may very well be rekindling their previous relationship. On Friday, May 17, the reality television star was reportedly spotted attending Bad Bunny's concert in Orlando, Florida, according to a video that surfaced on X, formerly known as Twitter, the following morning.
Fans of the former couple were quick to share their excitement for a potential second go-around for the former couple on X. "Kenito is back so happy for them!" one fan posted.
"This is lovely," another wrote.
"Well she’s having fun so good," yet another fan commented.
Jenner apparently attended Bad Bunny's recent concert after the pair were also spotted getting close and cuddly following the 2024 Met Gala. A source who also attended the Après Met 2 Met Gala afterparty told People the pair were "sitting together, laughing and having the best time."
Kendall Jenner, Bad Bunny and guests at the Après Met 2 Met Gala After Party hosted by Carlos Nazario, Emily Ratajkowski, Francesco Risso, Paloma Elsesser, Raul Lopez and Renell Medra on May 6, 2024 in New York, New York.
"They were very much enjoying each other's company," the source continued. "Sitting close and whispering in each other's ears."
The former couple reportedly split in December 2023 following less than a year of dating. A source familiar with the situation at the time told Entertainment Tonight that while they enjoyed each other's company, Jenner and Bad Bunny always knew their relationship had a built-in end date.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
“Kendall and Bad Bunny have been doing their own things lately, and things slowly started to fizzle out between them,” the insider told the publication at the time. "They both knew going into this that it likely wouldn’t be a forever type of relationship, and that was mutually understood from the get-go.
“They have crazy-busy schedules and know they’re still young and have a lot more to experience individually before settling down," the source added.
The source also said that while their relationship was a thing of the past, there "isn't any negativity between" Jenner and Bad Bunny, and that the pair "still want the best for one another."
"(Jenner's) family still thinks highly of (Bad Bunny)," the source explained. "They just want her to be with whoever makes her happy, treats her with love and respect, and someone that understands and can handle the attention that comes along with dating her with poise and grace."
Jenner and Bad Bunny first sparked romance rumors in February 2023, when they were spotted enjoying a double date alongside Hailey Bieber and Justin Bieber, People reported at the time.
 "Kendall recently started hanging out with him. They were introduced by friends. He moved to L.A. a few weeks ago and bought a house," a source told the publication at the time. "She likes him and is having fun He is different from guys that she dated in the past. He is very charming."
Danielle Campoamor is Marie Claire's weekend editor covering all things news, celebrity, politics, culture, live events, and more. In addition, she is an award-winning freelance writer and former NBC journalist with over a decade of digital media experience covering mental health, reproductive justice, abortion access, maternal mortality, gun violence, climate change, politics, celebrity news, culture, online trends, wellness, gender-based violence and other feminist issues. You can find her work in The New York Times, Washington Post, TIME, New York Magazine, CNN, MSNBC, NBC, TODAY, Vogue, Vanity Fair, Harper's Bazaar, Marie Claire, InStyle, Playboy, Teen Vogue, Glamour, The Daily Beast, Mother Jones, Prism, Newsweek, Slate, HuffPost and more. She currently lives in Brooklyn, New York with her husband and their two feral sons. When she is not writing, editing or doom scrolling she enjoys reading, cooking, debating current events and politics, traveling to Seattle to see her dear friends and losing Pokémon battles against her ruthless offspring. You can find her on X, Instagram, Threads, Facebook and all the places.

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


And, predictably, they have *thoughts*.


"We lived as much of a normal life as, I think, was possible and I'm so grateful for that."


Incredible.


Yay!


At least she can laugh about it!


Though just a tender 28, Jenner is the only one of her siblings to not have at least one child—and her best friend, Hailey Bieber, announced her first pregnancy yesterday.


We’re into her take on the LBD.


The BFFs exhibited a wide range of interactions with the ever-present cameras.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.