By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:57, 24 April 2024   |  Updated:  19:07, 24 April 2024   
 121
View  comments
Tom Cruise has reportedly landed on Russian bombshell Irina Shayk's list of potential boyfriends following her on/off six-month fling with seven-time Super Bowl champ Tom Brady.
The thrice-divorced 61-year-old - who has three children - has allegedly been single since February following the end of his two-month fling with Russian socialite Elsina Khayrova, who's the ex-wife of oligarch Dimitry Tsvetkov.
'Irina is looking in Europe and in the USA,' a source told Page Six on Wednesday.
'She is shopping, but her dating pool is a tiny group of people. She needs famous, good looking and money. How many of those are there? Five, 10?'
The 38-year-old Society Management Model hasn't been publicly pictured with the 46-year-old retired NFL quarterback since they dined at French restaurant Brasserie Fouquet's New York in Manhattan's Tribeca neighborhood on January 15.
Tom Cruise (L) has reportedly landed on Russian bombshell Irina Shayk's (R) list of potential boyfriends following her on/off six-month fling with seven-time Super Bowl champ Tom Brady
'If Tom Brady had more time for love, he would be all about it and would likely still be dating Irina. He really thinks she is great,' an insider told DailyMail.com exclusively after their first October split.
'But Tom is keeping himself busy with his businesses, being a part of the sports teams he owns, getting ready for his commentating job next year, and being a father. It is busy being Tom Brady, for all that he can do, he can't make days last 36 hours.'
They continued: 'Everything he does, he wants to give it 110%, he knew he wasn't able to give his full attention and time to Irina and she is such a good person, that he didn't want her to feel less than in his world. Maybe they will find each other in the future, but right now, it is easier for them to be friends.'
Irina and Tom were first spotted canoodling on July 21 after meeting May 28 at the Sardinian nuptials of billionaire art heir Joe Nahmad and model Madison Headrick.
Aside from his many business ventures, Brady has his hands full co-parenting three children - son Jack, 16; son Benjamin, 14; and daughter Vivian, 11 - with ex-girlfriend Bridget Moynahan and ex-wife Gisele Bündchen.
Shayk (born Shaykhlislamova) shares 50/50 joint legal and physical custody of seven-year-old daughter Lea De Seine Cooper with ex-fiancé Bradley Cooper, and they employ no nannies.
The 49-year-old Maestro director-star - who's been dating 29-year-old IMG Model Gigi Hadid since last October - ended his four-year relationship with the Vogue Italia cover girl in 2019.
The thrice-divorced 61-year-old - who has three children - has allegedly been single since February following the end of his two-month fling with Russian socialite Elsina Khayrova (pictured April 16), who's the ex-wife of oligarch Dimitry Tsvetkov
A source told Page Six on Wednesday: Irina is looking in Europe and in the USA. She is shopping, but her dating pool is a tiny group of people. She needs famous, good looking and money. How many of those are there? Five, 10?' (pictured April 9)
The 38-year-old Society Management Model hasn't been publicly pictured with the 46-year-old retired NFL quarterback (pictured Monday) since they dined at French restaurant Brasserie Fouquet's New York in Manhattan's Tribeca neighborhood on January 15
An insider told DailyMail.com exclusively: 'If Tom Brady had more time for love, he would be all about it and would likely still be dating Irina. He really thinks she is great'
Aside from his many business ventures, Tom has his hands full co-parenting three children - son Jack, 16; son Benjamin, 14; and daughter Vivian, 11 (pictured December 31) - with ex-girlfriend Bridget Moynahan and ex-wife Gisele Bündchen
Irina shares 50/50 joint legal and physical custody of seven-year-old daughter Lea De Seine Cooper (R, pictured April 4) with ex-fiancé Bradley Cooper, and they employ no nannies
The 49-year-old Maestro director-star (R, pictured in 2022) - who's been dating 29-year-old IMG Model Gigi Hadid since last October - ended his four-year relationship with Shayk in 2019
The Vogue Italia cover girl (pictured May 1) will be fully on the prowl when she attends the May 6th Met Gala in Manhattan themed 'Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion' which will be co-chaired by Bad Bunny, Zendaya, Chris Hemsworth, and Jennifer Lopez
Irina glammed up in Yohji Yamamoto in 2023 (above), Burberry in 2022 (L), and Moschino in 2021 (R) at the annual Costume Institute benefit
Page Six reported that Irina will be fully on the prowl when she attends the May 6th Met Gala in Manhattan themed 'Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion' which will be co-chaired by Bad Bunny, Zendaya, Chris Hemsworth, and Jennifer Lopez.
Shayk glammed up in Yohji Yamamoto in 2023, Burberry in 2022, and Moschino in 2021 at the annual Costume Institute benefit.
The Swarovski SS/24 stunner has also dated canceled rapper Kanye 'Ye' West, art dealer Vito Schnabel, soccer star Cristiano Ronaldo, Brazilian model Arthur Sales, Linkin Park drummer Rob Bourdon, and Italian businessman Valerio Morabito.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group