The U.K.-born and Atlanta-bred rapper, 21 Savage, has announced his 2024 American Dream Tour where he’ll make stops in Mansfield, MA and Hartford, CT this Spring.
21 Savage’s tour will run through 30 cities across North America and will kick off on May 1 in Vancouver, BC and wrap up on June 15 in Atlanta, GA. Tickets will be available for artist pre-sale on Wednesday, Feb. 28, while the general sale will be on Friday, March 1 at 10 a.m. ET. Fans who don’t have access to the presale or don’t want to wait can purchase tickets online now using reliable third-party vendors such as StubHub and VividSeats.
*New customers who purchase tickets through VividSeats can get $20 off a $200+ ticket order by using the promo code MassLive20 at checkout.*
As of Wednesday, Feb. 28, the cheapest tickets to the Mansfield, MA and Hartford, CT shows are listed below:
JID, Nardo Wick and 21 Lil Harold are scheduled to open for 21 Savage on the tour. 21 Savage was on the road as support for Drake’s It’s All A Blur Tour in 2023 and then headed back home to the U.K. for his first-ever performance in his birth country.
Here is a look at the full tour schedule with links to purchase tickets:
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices