Old Guy at the Club: Ageism in America
Here’s an expression I’ve been hearing a lot of lately: “What happens next?” I hear it in a specific context, relating to the current state of affairs of our political lives. But, I’m as tired of writing about politics as you are of reading about them. So, I began to think of the question on a grander scale: What does happen next?
Due to the passing of so many friends over the last five years, I’ve had to ponder that question as it pertains to our existence after we transition from this life to whatever is out there afterwards. It’s not a difficult question to pose, but it is a difficult one to answer. We don’t have empirical evidence, just our faith -- what we feel in our hearts and souls.
I’ve opined that, after we die, G-d does not play “gotcha.” Whatever we think will happen will happen because G-d knows that will make us happy. Nothing makes us happier than finding out we were right all along and nothing makes us sadder than realizing that a long-held belief might not be entirely true or have any basis in fact. Think Santa Claus or the Easter Bunny. Think World Peace. Think…well, you know.
My personal belief is that we retain our consciousness, but become part of something much bigger, like in the Terrence Malick movie “The Tree Of Life.” Native American law teaches that we are all connected to Nature and Mother Earth and I see no empirical evidence to contradict that. Sometimes the best things come from that connection, those moments when, for no apparent reason at all, we experience a sense of great joy and relief. The Dali Lama says those are the best moments because they are not causally related, so they cannot be terminated by outside factors.
I also wonder about the nature of time, if perhaps it is not linear but more like a mobius strip, as in the movie “Interstellar.” Maybe our limited intelligences aren’t capable of understanding that many parts of our lives are co-existing at the same time, that we can access those memories and feelings, that, perhaps like in the novel “The Midnight Library” by Matt Haig, we can visit other versions of our lives in an attempt to “make things right.” But, what does that mean, exactly? Are our lives that imperfect that they need to be corrected?
I’ve often written about how mistakes can teach us more than successes will and I learned that again recently. I refused an assignment based on the fact that I didn’t feel it was challenging enough, and then realized that the reason I was attracted to that particular line of work wasn’t specifically due to the nature of the assignment but to the people I would get a chance to work with. It’s often said that the people you work with make the job worth doing and I certainly found that to be true when I taught and true now in my “fourth act” phase. It’s those folks and the people that eventually experience the piece you’re working on that make it worthwhile.
Which brings me to Art and how it is an expression of rebellion against current norms. Almost any artist will tell you that they don’t identify as being “normal,” that they see and hear and understand things very differently than somebody who does not have an artistic outlet, that that makes them outsiders to a degree. I’m not sure that’s true. I don’t think anybody sees things exactly the same way as everybody else. Sure, there are majority opinions about matters, and sometimes that’s okay, like agreeing that it’s probably a bad idea to give a dog chocolate or to murder your neighbor for mowing his lawn at 7 a.m. on a Saturday morning. But, for all of us, there are those moments when we stop and go “No…wait a minute…that’s not right!” and we try to adjust the frame on the wall to our liking.
Here’s my adjustment: Nothing is as bad or as good as it first appears to be. “If it’s too good to be true, it probably isn’t” has been one of my mottos for a while. That doesn’t mean we cannot experience unbounded joy or happiness or laughter or love. It means that, many times, we’re sold a bill of goods and, like Golden Dancer, the rocking horse spoken about in “Inherit The Wind,” it all falls apart once you try to use it.
I don’t know what the future holds for us here on our Island or for our country or for the world. I’m living this life day by day, just like you. I’m amazed and horrified by the things I see and read about just like you. I pray for the safety and health of those I love just like you. And I go to sleep at night wondering how the world will reveal itself to me the next day, just like you. We are so much more alike than different, and yet our differences define us to each other much more clearly at first.
I take faith in the fact that America has been around awhile and will probably continue to be. I pray that nobody gets it into their heads to “drop the big one and see what happens,” as Randy Newman sings. I believe, like Anne Frank, that despite evidence to the contrary, human beings are good, decent folk. I may be wrong about any or all of this. A comet may come out of the sky and obliterate us all. Or, our own stupid sense of pride and arrogance could eventually wipe us all out because we refuse to believe what science and our own experiences have taught us.
Depending on who you talk to, life is either too long or too short. Whichever the case, we have to make an attempt to do the best we can with what we have, to do better when we know better, to make the world a safer, better place not just for us and those around us but for everybody. because everybody needs to be protected at some point in their lives. Especially now.
Hold those magnificent grey heads high. 
Comments may be submitted to “Talk To The Old Guy” on Facebook.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices