search
Show follows Ryan Serhant, agents at his four-year-old brokerage
SHARE THIS ARTICLE
FONT SIZE
Netflix’s “Owning Manhattan” is heading back to the small screen. 
The streaming service announced on Tuesday that it would renew the series following Ryan Serhant and his four-year-old eponymous brokerage for a second season. Variety first reported the news. 
The announcement comes two months after the first eight-episode season premiered and rose to the forefront of Netflix’s catalog. The platform ranked the series among the top 10 TV shows worldwide for a week and among the top 10 in the country for two weeks. It also landed among 10 most-streamed shows in 30 countries. 
One of the main storylines in “Owning Manhattan” centers on Ryan attempting to sell a trophy penthouse at Extell Development’s Central Park Tower, then asking $250 million, before his exclusive agreement ran out. However, the listing was pulled off the market in the month after the series’ premiere. 
Also featured in the show was the penthouse at 527 West 27th Street, a 36-unit building in Chelsea known as Jardim. The four-bedroom apartment sold for $15 million in May, after it was rented by rapper Bad Bunny for $150,000 a month last year.
Though Serhant’s series got the greenlight, Netflix canceled another of its real estate reality shows “Buying Beverly Hills” after two seasons. The show follows agents at The Agency, headed by Mauricio Umansky, who made his reality TV debut years earlier as the husband of “The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills” co-star Kyle Richards. (The couple has since split.)
At the time of its premiere, “Owning Manhattan” was the only real estate reality TV show  on Netflix focused solely on New York City, though another is expected to join its ranks. Earlier this summer, the platform announced that a group of Douglas Elliman agents based in the Big Apple would star in a new series called “Selling the City.”
The show marks the third spin-off from the “Selling” franchise, which created the hit series “Selling Sunset,” which is often credited with putting real estate reality TV back on the map after its premiere in 2019. Other series in the franchise focus on agents in Orange County and Tampa. 
All rights reserved © 2025 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc.