ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
HOLLYWOOD, CA - FEBRUARY 24:  Actor Will Smith arrives at the Los Angeles World Premiere of Warner ... More Bros. Pictures 'Focus' at TCL Chinese Theatre on February 24, 2015 in Hollywood, California. Will Smith's new single “You Can Make It” brings him to Billboard's Christian and gospel charts for the first time in his career. (Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic)
Will Smith’s career took a tumble when he slapped Chris Rock on stage in the middle of the Academy Awards several years ago. Ever since, he’s been working hard to get back into the good graces of the American public, but that’s not easy. He recently scored a new hit at the box office with the latest Bad Boys film, and now he’s attempting a musical comeback as well.
The rapper, singer, and actor released his first proper single in years, “You Can Make It,” in late June. He performed the tune on the BET Awards, and fans of the multi-hyphenate responded by streaming and buying the tune in large enough numbers to make it a hit on a number of Billboard charts.
“You Can Make It,” which also credits both Fridayy and the Sunday Service group, earns Smith his first hit on half a dozen tallies published by Billboard. The inclusion of the religious-leaning choir helps it become his first win on the Christian and gospel songs tallies in the U.S.
Smith’s brand new cut opens on two Christian charts this frame. “You Can Make It” is new at No. 23 on the Hot Christian Songs ranking. It also brings Smith to the top 10 on one of those rosters for the first time, as it launches at No. 6 on the Christian Digital Song Sales list.
The single performs even better on the gospel rankings. Smith snags his first top 10 on a trio of those religious tallies, as “You Can Make It” debuts at No. 3 on both the Hot Gospel Songs and Gospel Digital Song Sales charts simultaneously. It also manages to start at No. 10 on the Gospel Streaming Songs tally.
“You Can Make It” is even earning some quick attention at radio in that world. The single debuts at No. 28 on the Gospel Airplay chart after a relatively short period of time, which means that DJs and programmers were quick to put it into rotation.
Smith largely put his music career on hold years ago to focus on acting and producing. He has doled out a few tunes here and there throughout the past half-decade or so, including collaborations with the likes of Bad Bunny, Nicky Jam, and even Sean Paul earlier this year, though none of them were huge commercial successes. For a while, he was a serious hitmaker, as he scored several top 10 smashes on the Hot 100, including a pair of No. 1s.