Hottest Housing Markets
Zillow has released their report of the hottest housing markets for 2024. A Tampa Bay city has made the top 10. We know that the Tampa Bay area is a desirable market to live in. Just look at last year when the price of homes were pretty much doubled. Also, when you found a house you like it may have already been taken by somebody else. Tampa comes in #10 on Zillow hottest housing markets of 2024. Tampa is not the only Florida city to be in the top 10 as Orlando comes in one spot above Tampa at #9. What’s very interesting is that of the top 10 cities not one of them is west of the state of Indiana. Indianapolis comes in at #4.
The way Zillow came up with the list of the hottest housing markets in 2024 is that they looked on a few different factors. Additionally, they looked at an analysis of expected home value growth, projected changes in the labor market, recent housing market velocity, and home construction activity. So, will the prices of homes come down? Zillow says in the report, "Home value growth slowed in 2023, fueled in large part by the highest mortgage interest rates seen since 2008. Only 15 of the 50 largest markets are expected to see home values grow in 2024. Even the fastest-growing markets of 2023 are expected to see significant slowdowns in the year to come."
The #1 city in 2023 was Charlotte, North Carolina, which comes in at #7 for this year.
Zillow claims that they are the most visited real estate website in the United States. Secondly, they say they offer on demand experience for selling buying renting and financing with transparency. If you’re looking to buy a home, I’m sure you’ve checked Zillow out to find out what the prices are in the area that you were looking for and maybe you have even use them to help you find your forever home.

It's time to close the chapter to 2023 and look forward to the next year. Luckily for us in Tampa, there's a lot to be excited about in 2024. Be on the lookout for these new businesses and experiences in Tampa Bay next year.
Champa Bay seems to be growing and expanding more and more each year. So many new places and experiences popped up in 2023, and it was hard to keep track. We discovered a bunch of new restaurants, hotels, and adventures that opened up this past year. 2024 might be even better! We get to look forward to new restaurants and bars, roller coasters, and so many big acts playing Tampa venues (just to name a few). With the help of Creative Loafing and That's So Tampa, we made a list of 5 things to look forward to in Tampa in 2024
To help make this list, we got some of our inspiration from Creative Loafing. They told us 20 new restaurants to look out for in 2024. A couple of them made our list, but you can check out the full list here. But we wanted to expand more on things to get excited about in Tampa for next year.
Tampa had a lot of growth in 2023, leaving us excited for what's to come. This year we said "hello" to many new businesses and attractions including the tallest rooftop bar in Tampa, new restaurants with Michelin-star chefs, changes to our favorite theme park, and more. We also said "goodbye" to some of our favorite businesses and athletes who got traded to other teams (like Pat Maroon on the Tampa Bay Lightning and Ji-man Choi on the Rays).
One of the great things about Tampa is it's constantly changing for the better. But that also means it's becoming a really competitive market for those looking to move here. One thing we can count on with all of these new additions of 5-star restaurants and new affordable and luxury housing is that more people will surely be packing their things and heading to the Tampa Bay area. If you plan on making the move next year, check out some of our realistic advise before making the move.
We've already told you about some of the new places we're excited to see open in 2024. Coffee enthusiasts can get excited for a famous west coast coffee chain to open in Tampa next year. Dutch Bros coffee will be coming to the Ballast Point sometime in 2024. Learn more about that here.
Water street will continue to grow with the highly anticipated Italian-inspired restaurant Ash opening in the early spring. The Edition will also be gaining a new cocktail lounge called Alter Ego. This spot will offer an energetic vibe with a curated musical experience.
A few of Tampa's staple restaurants will be opening second locations across the bridge in St. Pete. Now there will be an Olivia and Forbici in the burg!
Dutch Bros drinks outside of a location.
Tampa's favorite theme parks are also making some changes in 2024. Phoenix Rising is a new family-friendly coaster coming to Busch Gardens in the spring of 2024 in the Pantopia area of the park.
Adventure Island is also adding a new interactive splash and play area opening in Spring of 2024. Castaway Falls is the ideal play and relax spot for kids of all ages.
Earlier this year ZooTampa announced a $125 million expansion with multiple new habitats. First up on the expansion is the Stingray in-water experience. The Wallaroo are is also being reimagined as Australia with new rides, expanded splash pad, new restaurant and bar and even a wallaby encounter! You can also now reserve your encounter with a clouded leopard where you can witness a training session with the beautiful cat!
Gas Worx is going to be one of the biggest developments in Tampa. The first 317-unit apartment development within Gas Worx is scheduled to be completed in early Spring 2024! Gas Worx will certainly enhance Ybor and make a better connection to Downtown.
There have already been so many awesome concerts announced for 2024. Billy Joel & Sting, Morgan Wallen, Madonna, Bad Bunny, Red Hot Chili Peppers, and more!

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!