Thalia, Silvestre Dangond & more honored Montaner with a heartfelt tribute medley.

													By
												

	Griselda Flores

Senior Editor, Latin

Ricardo Montaner is a synonym for romanticism, delivering some of the best love songs in Latin music. For that, and his many decades in music, the Venezuelan singer-songwriter was honored with a special award for his extraordinary artistic legacy at the 2024 Latin AMAs on Thursday (April 25). 

	Before hitting the stage for a riveting performance, and perhaps one of the best of the night, Montaner gave a heartfelt speech, which had a special message for up-and-comers. “First of all, thank you to my Lord Jesus who has fulfilled my promises, each one,” Montaner began. “Obviously to my beloved wife who has accompanied me since the beginning of my career, to each one of my children who are always pushing me. Tonight, I want to give a message to all my colleagues that I am seeing here tonight, especially to those who are just starting. It is worth it to keep working hard, it is worth celebrating 45 years of career and to keep going.”

	










	He then took the stage for an epic medley, which he kicked off with Sergio George on the piano and Manuel Medrano in tow to sing “Yo Que Te Amé.” Then, to get everyone on their feet, he transitioned to a salsa version of “La Cima del Cielo” with Thalia and, to end on a high note, he sang the ’90s classic “Vamos Pa’ La Conga,” with Silvestre Dangond and DJ Adoni joining the party.

	The 2024 Latin American Music Awards took place Thursday live from the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas via Univision. Hitmakers Feid and Peso Pluma lead this year’s list of nominations with 12 nods each. The Colombian singer and Mexican star, who are up for the coveted artist of the year award and album of the year award, are followed by top nominees Bad Bunny (11), Grupo Frontera (11), Karol G (9), Shakira (9), Eslabon Armado (8) and Fuerza Regida (8).

	Thalia, Becky G, Alejandra Espinoza and Carlos Ponce co-hosed the award ceremony that presented in a combination of English and Spanish, marking the first time any major U.S. award show featured a bilingual broadcast.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.