Carl, right, and his friends run through a host of stories in "Carl the Collector," a new PBS animation series based on the drawings of Zach OHora. 
LOS ANGELES – There is no roadmap to get into the worlds of animation and book publishing, according to artist Zachariah OHora.
A fan of comics and children’s picture books, he decided in high school to follow the path. But what path?
Little by little, OHora picked up pointers. “You need an agent to get into it. Or you need a book deal to get an agent. Which comes first? It took many years of rejections and doing things wrong until I finally landed something correct,” he says.
Zach O'Hora's drawing style uses simple lines to create the illusion of fur on a character like Carl. 
Simple characters led to illustrations and, finally, that book deal. While OHora considers himself an artist first, he’s also a writer.
“I got forced into the writing, to be honest. I was trying to present myself as an illustrator for other people’s stuff (and advisers said) get more control over everything. If you can write, you can get all the commission, instead of splitting it.”
“Wolfie the Bunny” got OHora on the New York Times Bestseller List. “My Cousin Mom,” “No Fits, Nilson,” “The Not So Quiet Library” and “Niblet & Ralph” helped establish his style.
The next step: animation. It took OHora nine years to develop a character into a PBS KIDS show.
The winner: Carl the Collector, a raccoon who just happens to have autism.
"Carl the Collector" helps children learn about the differences they share. Carl, for example, has autism.
“PBS Kids is always looking at ways to represent our audience,” says Adriano Schmid, vice president PBS KIDS Content. “We have seen throughout the years how autistic kids or young teenagers were always champions of the content. So, it was a great opportunity for us to work with someone like Zach to create a character that could speak to that.”
OHora hit on the idea after his sons were entering school. “I had a lightbulb moment with inclusion schools – having everybody, neurodiverse kids and neurotypical kids, together in the same classroom. It was obvious that it benefited everybody. I saw my sons treated those kids just like anybody else’s friends and it was like a beautiful moment. More exposure to the whole spectrum of humanity is going to be better for everybody.”
In the series, called “Carl the Collector,” the raccoon deals with a host of situations. His friends help him (particularly his desire to collect) and have fun in the process.
The PBS Kids series uses OHora’s short line style to create the fur on the animals.
“It comes from my printmaking background,” he explains. “I used to do a lot of woodcuts, and you’d leave those lines. I found drawing them a really relaxing thing to do.”
Because there are so many in someone like Carl, kids often wonder how long it’s going to take before they see a character when they watch him draw. “I listen to Terry Gross and find it really a calming nice meditation.”
Through his company, Fuzzytown, OHora has shown animators and others how to recreate his style. In turn, they teach him about putting his characters into a moving world. “I draw my characters in a three-quarter view, so we did have to figure out how much their noses would stick out and what kind of angles you’d see.”
The process – of turning one of his characters into the centerpiece of a TV show – is like grad school. While launching “Carl the Collector,” he has learned plenty about television, the gaming world and the digital realm. A new map, you might say.
“You do a lot of bad drawings to get one good one,” OHora insists.
When creating characters or situations, he starts with pencil and paper, then moves onto computers. “There isn’t a room full of paper,” he says, “and you don’t have a giant pile of garbage.”
Carl, he adds, can trace his origins back to Charles Schulz’s “Peanuts” comic strip. OHora’s grandmother introduced him to the comic and the TV specials. “She introduced us to Richard Scarry’s Busy Town stories, too,” he says. “She was a like a second mom figure” and encouraged his drawing.
“I moved around as a kid – different apartments, different schools. Once when I was in fourth grade, kids saw what I had done and they wanted me to draw on their books. I realized that it was sort of a way to be seen and recognized.”
And now? He’s able to reach an even wider audience – one that could learn something about inclusion and find his works just as inspirational as Schulz’s.
"Carl the Collector" premieres Nov. 14 on PBS KIDS.
 Bruce Miller is editor of the Sioux City Journal. 
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Chandler Kinney and Joey Graziadei have that “pro” factor and should be the final two. But then? Who would get in the third spot?
Produced with attention to every detail, it should please fans who have been waiting decades for a film version.
The broadcasters get roughly half a billion dollars in public money, and have been preparing for the possibility of stiff cuts since Trump's election.
“Inside Out 2” is the most financially successful animated movie of all time. Let that sink in. That means the summer was very, very good to t…
In “The Art of Inside Out 2,” director Kelsey Mann shows characters who didn’t make the second film and background about some of the character…
Based on a series of books, “WondLa” follows Jeanine Mason’s character, Eva, a teenage girl who has been raised in a state-of-the-art bunker b…
Nathan Law's story – captured in the documentary, “Who’s Afraid of Nathan Law?” – has inspired young people everywhere to look closer at the m…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.