Harrisburg, PA — Canadian Trotting Classic winner Amazing Catch (Walner-Mets Life) sold Friday for a harness racing record $1.85 million during the final session of the 86th annual Standardbred Horse Sale at the Pennsylvania State Farm Show Complex. The 3-year-old trotting colt was purchased by Greg Luther.
The previous record for a Standardbred sold at public auction was set in February 2019 when trotting mare Atlanta brought $1.55 million online at onGait.com. That price topped the $1.1 million for then 2-year-old trotting filly Cameron Hall at the 2001 Tattersalls December Mixed Sale.
Amazing Catch’s family includes Hall of Famers Muscle Hill and Gimpanzee as well as millionaire Met’s Hall. Amazing Catch has hit the board in 14 of 18 career races, winning three and earning $870,830. His five second-place finishes include this year’s Kentucky Futurity and Dr. Harry M. Zweig Memorial and the 2023 Peter Haughton Memorial.
AMAZING CATCH CANADIAN TROTTING CLASSIC REPLAY
﻿
The colt was trained by Ake Svanstedt and owned by Al Libfeld, Marvin and Lynn Katz, and Sam Goldband. He sold as part of the Libfeld/Katz ongoing dispersal and was consigned by Preferred Equine Marketing.
Luther said Amazing Catch would return to Svanstedt for his 4-year-old season.
“I thought he was, obviously, a very nice horse,” Luther said. “He’s had some bad racing luck this year and still kept finishing second and third in the big races. When we heard he was for sale, and then we heard everybody was retiring — Karl, T C I, Sig Sauer, Winner’s Bet, It’s Academic — I thought we could have a huge 4-year-old year with him and then send him to the breeding shed. Everybody wants a Walner.
“So, that’s kind of the game plan. We plan to race him at 4, try to win all the big ones there, and then put him to stud. We’ve had calls from every single state already asking if they can get access to him. We’re very excited about him.”
Amazing Catch became the third horse to sell for seven figures this week at the Standardbred Horse Sale.
On Thursday, Hot Mess Hanover, the dam of award-winning trotting mare Jiggy Jog S, sold for $1 million during the opening session of the event’s mixed sale. On Monday, trotting colt Cambridge Hanover, a three-quarter brother to standout 2-year-old male trotter Maryland, went for $1 million during the opening session of the yearling portion of the sale.
“I planned on (Amazing Catch) going somewhere between $1.5 million and $2 million,” Luther said. “It’s so great for the sport. I really think it’s a great move for everybody. The sale here, we had a million-dollar yearling, a million-dollar broodmare, and an almost two-million-dollar racehorse. So, the industry is strong.”
Millionaire trotting mare Mambacita (Tactical Landing-Bill’s Lady) sold for $750,000 on Friday, the second highest price during the mixed sale’s second session. The 4-year-old was signed for by Ashleigh Bailey, the farm manager at Allerage Farms, as agent.
A mare with a mark of 1:50.4, Mambacita won 17 of 39 career races and earned just over $1 million while racing for trainer Tony Alagna. She was a multiple winner on the Grand Circuit and a multiple Kentucky Sire Stakes champion. She was consigned by Preferred Equine Marketing.
Following Mambacita on the best-sellers list were three horses to sell for at least $300,000.
Three-year-old pacing colt Captain Luke, a son of Captaintreacherous-Bodacious Hanover who counts the 2023 Governor’s Cup among his five career wins, was purchased for $400,000 by Andrew Harris. The colt, whose second dam is Hall of Famer Bunny Lake, has earned $639,314 lifetime. He was consigned by Preferred Equine Marketing.
Three-year-old trotting filly Chaparmbro, a stakes-winning daughter of Chapter Seven-Armbro Deja Vu, was purchased for $360,000 by Linda Stewart. She is a half-sister to millionaire Dejarmbro as well as six other stakes winners. She was consigned by Northwood Bloodstock Agency.
Four-year-old pacing mare Southwind Bella, a stakes-winning daughter of Huntsville-Southwind Solara, was purchased for $300,000 by Steve Jones. She is a three-quarter sister to millionaire Southwind Ozzi and half-sister to stakes-winner Southwind Silence. She was consigned by Preferred Equine Marketing.
The two-day mixed sale totaled $31.6 million, a record for the event, for 597 horses and stallion shares. The previous high, $27.9 million for 605 horses and stallion shares, was established last year. This year’s mixed sale average of $52,945 also was a record, bettering the mark of $52,224 for 492 horses and stallion shares in 2022.
For complete results, visit The Black Book.
by Ken Weingartner, for the USTA
Harnesslink.com is the only harness racing website dedicated to covering news and events in the Standardbred Industry world-wide.
Contact Us
Disclaimers
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
© 2024 Harnesslink | All Rights Reserved | NV
© 2024 Harnesslink  |  All Rights Reserved  |   NV.