Notorious for being a ladies' man, Pete Wicks hasn't been seen in a public relationship for a handful of years following his 2017 split from Megan McKenna, making him the perfect target for romance rumours.
Speaking to This Morning's Josie Gibson and Dermot O'Leary, alongside his I'm A Celeb pal Sam Thompson, on Friday, the Harlow star shared one of his most startling experiences with gossip as he was once romantically linked to his own mother.
But before he could, Pete discussed his "bad reputation" with women and said: "I've obviously had a bit of a career where I haven't got the best reputation when it comes to women."
He then explained that he had "slowed down", adding that he had been romantically linked to various people over the years.
"I'm old and decrepit now, so I've really slowed down", he vowed before assuring: "I'm actually quite a nice person but people just don't believe it. I get linked to everyone."
"It's your turn, next", Pete then cheekily warned Josie, prompting his best friend Sam to intervene: "he even got linked to his mum, once!" Pete recalled the rumour started after he had taken his mother to an event, which led them straight outside a venue, where they were spotted looking close.
"The next day it was 'Pete seen with mystery blonde'", Pete recalled. The TV personality was overall amused by the incident as he joked, before being interrupted by unanimous and thunderous laughter: "We're a close family, but..."
While he is seemingly a free agent, Pete - who tried his luck on Celebs Go Dating on three occasions - was recently seen cosying up to I'm A Celebrity and Eastenders star Danielle Harold, but the former Lola Pearce actress set the record straight in late 2023, on Loose Women, that they were "just good friends."
Despite his success with the ladies, Pete's love life has been nothing short of chaotic and he was shared the lives of a string of reality TV stars over the years.
Pete's former girlfriends include fellow Towie stars Megan McKenna, Shelby Tribble, Chloe Sims and Jess Wright but he was more recently associated with Hannah Elizabeth.
Speaking to Sam Thompson on their shared podcast, Staying Relevant, on Monday (March 25, 2024), Pete had to rectify things as he lifted the lid on his bond with the former Playboy bunny and explained they'd known each other for more than a decade - before they became known for their TV work.
"I literally just popped in to see Hannah because it was her birthday and I was around the corner, and that was that. And a picture was taken, she put me on her story, and suddenly, it's a new love interest", he said, referencing Hannah's recent birthday bash.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.