Manage your account
"Even though we had a TV show at home, we were going to regular school all day and had our friends that we had from before the show started," Kendall explained
Bob D'Amico/Everett Collection
Kendall Jenner was living the best of both worlds — just like Hannah Montana.
On the latest episode of the Anything Goes podcast, the Kardashians star, 28, compared growing up in the spotlight on Keeping Up With the Kardashians to the life of Miley Cyrus’ character on Hannah Montana. 
“It’s a little Hannah Montana-y in a way," Kendall told host Emma Chamberlain. "[But] I didn’t have a disguise, or I didn’t have a physical shift."
Related: Kendall Jenner Recalls the ‘Dark Nights’ She Used to ‘Hysterically’ Cry Herself to Sleep from Modeling
The hit Disney Channel series — which ran from 2006 to 2011 for four seasons — chronicled Miley Stewart (Cyrus), a typical teenager who secretly had a double life as the famous pop star Hannah Montana. And according to Kendall, the show's storyline wasn’t dissimilar from her own life.
DISNEY CHANNEL/JOEL WARREN
“We went to school. We went to school as long as we could,” she recalled. “I started home school, 11th and 12th grade … so even though we had a TV show at home, we were going to regular school all day and had our friends that we had from before the show started.”
Kendall noted the experience wasn’t “always easy” but “it did feel kind of normal.” She added, “We lived as much of a normal life as, I think, was possible and I’m so grateful for that.”
Related: Kendall Jenner Says Mom Kris Needs to ‘Chill’ After Calling Her Out as the Last Sibling to Have a Baby
Kendall was only 10 years old when Keeping Up with the Kardashians premiered on E! and launched her family to household-name status. Though the plot mainly followed her older sisters’ career plans — from traveling the world to starting their former clothing business Dash — Kendall and her younger sister Kylie Jenner became known for their pre-teen shenanigans on screen.
Despite Kendall and Kylie having to do “very adult things at a really young age” including “internet hate,” the model noted, “Overall, I am really grateful because I think it could have been a lot worse.”
E!
“I think that Kylie and I, the one thing we had was a lot of stability, a lot of love and a really great support system and really great friends,” she added. “So it felt like we could remove ourselves a lot of the time and be normal.”
Kendall — who has been romantically linked to Bad Bunny and Devin Booker — said she was also “really grateful” for being able to follow in the footsteps of her sisters Kourtney Kardashian Barker, Kim Kardashian and Khloé Kardashian when it comes to life in the public eye, adding, “We had older siblings that we got to see do things before us and lead us in a way."
Related: Kendall Jenner Is Red Hot in String Bikini as She Poses on Boat: ‘Wake Surfer Girl’
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
In June 2023, Kendall told WSJ. Magazine that she made peace with life in the spotlight.
“Since I was really young, I felt out of place in my family,” Kendall shared at the time. “I was born into this life, but I didn’t choose this life.”
She added, “I’m not built for this by any means. I’m not good at it. I do it, and I’ve learned how to do it.”
Speaking of her adolescent years — in which she was no stranger to telling the paparazzi off as they followed her routines, she added, “It took me [almost] 20 years to be like, OK, I guess I’m getting used to it now and it’s fine and I get it.” 
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.