Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny, Chris Hemsworth and Zendaya will join Vogue’s Dame Anna Wintour as co-chairs of this year’s Met Gala, the magazine and the Metropolitan Museum of Art revealed on Thursday.
The dress code has also been revealed as “The Garden of Time”.
The gala, which takes place at the Met each year, features a star-studded crowd that ascends the grand steps each year on the first Monday in May for the splashy benefit.
Not a bad lineup!! Anyone got a Garden of Time outfit I can borrow?@voguemagazine@metmuseum pic.twitter.com/PdjvQnvQUZ
— Chris Hemsworth (@chrishemsworth) February 15, 2024
The dress code ties into the theme of this year’s gala, which aligns with the spring exhibition at the Met’s Costume Institute.
This year’s theme is “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion”. The reference is not to the fairytale, though, but to treasured garments from the vast collection at the Costume Institute — some too fragile to hang upright.
Museum curators will place them in glass cases, like Sleeping Beauty herself.
Curator Andrew Bolton, who masterminds the Met’s blockbuster fashion exhibits, said at a preview in November that he was looking for a way to literally breathe life into a collection of 33,000 pieces, many of which are never seen.
He has chosen about 250 of them, and will organise the show around themes of land, sea and sky.
The gala is a fundraiser for the institute, bringing in the bulk of its annual budget.
Dame Anna is the force behind the gala, which to date has raised more than 223.5 million dollars (£177.6 million), according to the Met.
The carpet beforehand is one of the biggest pop culture spectacles of the year with stars like Lady Gaga, Kim Kardashian, Billy Porter and Rihanna wearing outfits tailored to the night’s theme.
This year, the gala will be held on May 6.
This is Bad Bunny’s third year at the gala and the first for Hemsworth.
Lopez has been on the guest list 13 times and Zendaya five.
Honorary chairs are Loewe creative director Jonathan Anderson and TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew.
TikTok is the gala’s sponsor, with support from Loewe.
The exhibit at the Met Museum will run from May 10 until September 2 2024.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.