Somehow, it's already November. This means you and I are short-time for two things—hopefully, an abundance of time off to watch TV and an influx of cheesy Christmas Specials. Beyond my hopes for seasonal cheeziness, I'm just going to do what I always do—hook you up with every single critically acclaimed film, addictive TV series, and surprisingly awesome original content worth watching. Below are the top picks from thousands of hours of content from Australia's six major streaming networks. Make your plans. Pop your corn. Enjoy peak binge action.
Table of Contents
TV litter pick: The Day of the Jackal – Nov 7 : In the 1960s in France, members of the French Foreign Legion hire a man who agrees to kill the heavily guarded President Charles de Gaulle for gain. The French cops sniff around to nab him.
Movie litter pick: Abigail – Nov 10 : A group of would-be criminals kidnaps the 12-year-old daughter of a powerful underworld figure. Holding her for ransom in an isolated mansion, their plan starts to unravel when they discover their young captive is something else.
Sign up for a free 14–day Binge trial
Back to top
TV litter pick: Arcane: S2 – Nov 9 : The origins of two iconic League champions, set in the utopian Piltover and the oppressed underground of Zaun.
Movie litter pick: Dune: Part Two – Nov 29 : Paul Atreides unites with Chani and the Fremen while seeking revenge against the conspirators who destroyed his family. Facing a choice between the love of his life and the fate of the universe, he must prevent a terrible future only he can foresee.
Secure your subscription to Netflix
Back to top
TV litter pick: Interior Chinatown – Nov 19 : A background character trapped in a police procedural discovers secrets about the strange world he inhabits and his family's buried history; based on the novel.
Movie litter pick: Music by John Williams – Nov 1 : A doco about the composer of (among many others) the Star Wars series, the Indiana Jones series, and E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial.
Sign up for Disney Plus
Back to top
TV litter pick: Silo: S2 – Nov 15 : In a ruined and toxic future, a community exists in a giant underground silo that plunges hundreds of stories deep; there, people live in a society full of regulations they believe are meant to protect them.
Movie litter pick: Blitz – Nov 22 : In World War II London, nine-year-old George is evacuated to the countryside by his mother, Rita, to escape the bombings. Defiant and determined to return to his family, George embarks on a journey back home as Rita searches for him.
Sign up for a free 7–day trial of Apple TV+
Back to top
TV litter pick: Cross – Nov 14 : Alex Cross, a decorated D.C. homicide detective and forensic psychologist faces a sadistic serial killer; he and his partner, John Sampson track this killer and a threat from Cross' past appears with ill intent.
Movie litter pick: Civil War – Nov 29 : In a dystopian future America, a team of military-embedded journalists races against time to reach Washington, D.C., before rebel factions descend upon the White House.
Sign up for a free 30–day Prime Video trial
Back to top
TV litter pick: Yellowstone: S5 – Nov 11 : You know the deal and the addiction. The Duttons own the largest ranch in America and deal with their internal conflicts. However, they must also fend off land encroachers to protect their property.
Movie litter pick: X – Nov 15 : A filmmaking crew and the cast make an adult movie at a reclusive place but elderly hosts find them and try to kill them.
Score your free 30–day trial of Stan
Back to top
 IGN is now on Flash, live and on demand. Stream the latest and trending news for video games, interviews, videos, and wikis. Check it out here.
 Adam Mathew is our Aussie streaming savant. He also games on YouTube.