Check out the must-hear releases of the week.

													By
												

	Jason Lipshutz

Editor

	Billboard’s Friday Music Guide serves as a handy guide to this Friday’s most essential releases — the key music that everyone will be talking about today, and that will be dominating playlists this weekend and beyond. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Future		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	This week, Future continues his victory lap, Katy Perry dives deep into her pop bag and Bad Bunny salutes his home. Check out all of this week’s picks below:





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







Future, Mixtape Pluto 

	It’s been eight years since Future, once an absolute titan of the mixtape game, dropped an unofficial solo project, and Mixtape Pluto harkens back to the glory days of Monster and Beast Mode — 17 feature-less tracks of the superstar croon-rapping, sharpening his sword after a pair of collaborative albums with Metro Boomin kept him on top earlier this year.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






Katy Perry, 143 

	Katy Perry’s recent singles have invited plenty of chatter regarding their studio collaborators and chart prospects, but at its core, new album 143 isn’t concerned with critique or commercial expectation — this is a celebratory pop album, Perry’s first since becoming a mother, and guests like Kim Petras, 21 Savage and Doechii help the singer return to her candy-coated sound.

Bad Bunny, “Una Velita” 

	The devastation of Hurricane María, which made landfall on Puerto Rico in 2017, is not forgotten by Bad Bunny, as the superstar uses new single “Una Velita” to process his feelings, celebrate his home country, criticize those that did not do enough and reflect on the future as the bass steadily bumps beneath him.

Jamie xx, In Waves 

	Robyn, The Avalanches, Panda Bear, his own The xx compatriots — the guest list for Jamie xx’s sprawling new album In Waves resembles a round-up of Pitchfork-approved artists from the 2000s, but the full-length bursts with the same dance vibrancy as In Colour, with the producer simply providing more grooves for a new decade.

Keith Urban, High 

	A country veteran like Keith Urban is always going to try and locate a balance between providing more anthems for his live audiences and mining more personal anecdotes to reveal new parts of himself; High does an admirable job of walking that tightrope, with songs that stretch outward and others that share new details of a life in the spotlight.

	










Bon Iver, “S P E Y S I D E” 

	As fall officially kicks off this weekend, Bon Iver is back to provide some mournful falsetto and gentle guitar strums for the brisk weather: “S P E Y S I D E,” the first of three new songs Justin Vernon is releasing as a new EP next month, combines the sparse intimacy of For Emma, Forever Ago with the clarity of his more recent productions, and lands an affecting, autumn-ready blow.

4batz feat. Lil Baby, “Roll Da Dice” 

	After receiving a Drake co-sign with his breakout hit “Act ii: Date @ 8,” 4batz has corralled Lil Baby into his R&B-trap fusion on “Roll Da Dice,” which seamlessly blends both artists’ respective styles into a hazy single about pursuing love and the passion that sparks when it’s discovered.

Editor’s Pick: Gwen Stefani, “Somebody Else’s” 

	The cowboy hat that Gwen Stefani sports on the cover of upcoming solo album Bouquet suggested a pivot towards Nashville, but new single “Somebody Else’s” actually nods back to No Doubt’s brand of new wave and radio-ready pop, with Stefani leaning into the rollicking guitar as she sings about lost romance with spunk and spirit (“Now that you’re dead to me / I feel so alive!”).
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.