A 22-year-old Tucson man faces multiple federal charges after police officers found cocaine, weapons modified for fully automatic fire, and silencers in his vehicle, officials said Friday.
On June 5, a federal grand jury indicted Jesus Antonio Najar on nine federal charges including possession with intent to distribute cocaine, conspiracy, use of a firearm during a drug crime, possession of a firearm with an obliterated serial number, and possession of an unregistered firearm—including a Glock 17 modified to fire automatically, a modified short-barreled rifle, silencers without serial numbers, and parts to make additional rifles fire automatically. 
On April 19, Tucson Police Department officers spotted Najar driving a stolen vehicle. During a search of the vehicle, TPD officers allegedly found two drop-in auto sears, devices "exclusively used for converting a semi-automatic weapon into a fully automatic weapon," said Zach J. Stoebe, a Justice Department spokesman. 
Auto sears are a small cluster of metal and springs that allow semi-automatic AR-15s to fire automatically, without repeated trigger pulls. Officials with the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms have said adding this part to the weapons can "convert such rifles into machine guns," and unregistered auto sears are prohibited under federal law.
TPD officers also found an Aero Precision M4E1 "multi-caliber rifle" with the manufacturer’s serial number obliterated, as well as silencers without serial numbers—none of which were registered to him in the National Firearms Registration and Transfer Record, Stoebe said. 
Najar was later linked to the Glock 17 with a "machinegun conversion device attached," a .45-caliber pistol, and a Del-Ton Inc. DTI-15 "multi-caliber" rifle with a short barrel. 
Najar will have his initial appearance in federal court on June 28, and he faces up to 20 years in prison and a $1 million fine if convicted. 
The indictment's announcement came just hours after the U.S. Supreme Court blocked a ban on "bump stocks"—an add-on device for semi-automatic weapons allowing shooters to fire hundreds of rounds per minute. So-called "bump stocks" attach to the end of a rifle and slide back and forth to trigger the firing sequence. 
The add-ons were banned by the Trump administration in the aftermath of the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history when a man set up an battery of weapons and fired more than one thousands rounds in just minutes, killing 58 people and injuring more than 500 at a 2017 Las Vegas music festival. 
The court's decision was narrowly cast, so other modifications like auto-sears can continue to be regulated by the ATF—for now. 
On Tuesday, Justice Department officials also announced charges against a 58-year-old Prescott-area man, alleging he planned to shoot up a Bad Bunny concert in Atlanta to initiate a “race war." He also sold rifles to an undercover agent as a vendor at the Crossroads of the West gun show, preferring "off book" trades, officials said. 
The ATF, the Arizona Department of Public Safety, and TPD conducted the investigation in this case, said Stoebe. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Julie Sottosanti and Adam Rossi, District of Arizona, Tucson, are handling the prosecution.
 — 30 —
Unlike most news outlets, the Tucson Sentinel publishes our stories without a paywall. We believe a healthy community depends on everyone having access to quality independent journalism, whether they can afford to pay or not. As a nonprofit organization, we're committed to providing real reporting to everyone in Southern Arizona.
But a single story can cost us thousands of dollars to report – some take months and months of dogged digging, others require paying for tall stacks of records that officials don't want to provide. Some mean driving to remote corners of Pima County, and some see our reporters sitting through endless government meetings to make sure they get the whole story and not just a quick headline. Our award-winning newsroom has some of the best reporters, photographers & editors in the state, and we're dedicated to getting the story right.
Our pioneering effort to rebuild local news will only work if enough people join our Watchdog Club community of paying members. Please join today for as little as $15/month.
For those who can't afford to contribute right now, please sign up for one of our free Watchdog Update newsletters, and help the spread word about the Sentinel to your friends, family, neighbors & co-workers. Your contributions help the Sentinel sustain & grow our nonprofit newsroom & bolster our commitment to delivering the important independent news our community needs to thrive.
A smarter Tucson is a better Tucson — and the Sentinel shines a light on this town because we love it. Please join with us today. 

I want to help TucsonSentinel.com offer a real news alternative!


Subscribe and stretch your donation over time:


Or give a secure one-time gift with PayPal or your credit card:

The Tucson Sentinel is published by Tucson Investigative Reporting Center Inc., an Arizona nonprofit organization. Your contribution is tax-deductible. 

	Get the latest authentically local news from TucsonSentinel.com.
	
Tucson Sentinel's independent nonprofit newsroom is an award-winning journalism pioneer that learns from & informs Southern Arizonans about the community challenges & unique culture of our Borderlands.

		Through watchdog reporting, local commentary & expert analysis, the Sentinel inspires residents to be meaningfully engaged with our community, promotes transparency & understanding, seeks solutions that empower, & holds the powerful accountable.

"Our news is always free to read. Reporting it is not."
		
© 2009-2025 TucsonSentinel.com, Tucson, Arizona
Best in Internet Exploder
"authentically local news that listens to you"
		

							 Get the latest authentically local news from TucsonSentinel.com. 
							
Tucson Sentinel's independent nonprofit newsroom learns from & informs Southern Arizonans about the community challenges & unique culture of our Borderlands.

			Through watchdog reporting, local commentary & expert analysis, the Sentinel inspires residents to be meaningfully engaged with our community, promotes transparency & understanding, seeks solutions that empower, & holds the powerful accountable.