Katie Price’s ex Kieran Hayler has branded himself the “Walford stripper” as he looks back over his time acting on EastEnders.
Many fans of the TV personality will know him as the former husband to the glamour model and dad to their two children Jett, 10, and Bunny, nine. But before he met the brunette beauty, the doting dad tried his hand as an actor.
And he was quite successful, even landing multiple roles on the BBC One soap opera. But it’s fair to say his debut role on the soap was his most surprising back in October 2012. Taking to Instagram, the TV star shared his first scene on the show with his loyal legion of fans online.
READ MORE: BBC EastEnders' Ben Mitchell star issues stern warning as he's 'axed' from soap
READ MORE: EastEnders' original Lucy Beale star strips to lingerie and flaunts 'belly' as fans swoon
Kieran played the role of a hunky stripper when Jane Beale’s brother Christian was having a stag do before he tied the knot to his fiancé Syed Masood. Towards the end of the night, the 36-year-old stepped strutted into the Queen Vic dressed smartly in a white shirt and tie.
It didn’t take long before he started sexily undressing in front of pub goers. Throwing the tie around Christian’s head, Kieran turns his attention to the more reserved residents of Walford, including Syed’s mother Zainab.
The unwilling matriarch is seen rubbing her hands up and down Kieran’s greased-up chest before she shouts: “That’s enough”. But Kieran wasn’t ready to give up his five minutes of fame as he continued to strip tease and gyrating his hips before he whipped off his trousers to reveal his underwear.
It’s fair to say, other punters in the pub including Zainab and Kim Fox lapped up the evening’s racy entertainment. He captioned the clip: “Being on EastEnders was a blast, 4 times over the years, I guess you could call me the Walford local stripped [cry-laughing emoji].
“This was my debut stripping for Christian @johnnypartridgecooks and probably my favourite [laughing emoji] @bbceastenders. Zainab got most of the action @nina.wadia.” It didn’t take long before his loyal legion of fans showered him with compliments and suggested he return to acting.
One user penned: “Is this a hint our joining EastEnders [cry-laughing]” as another agreed: “I remember this ... I didn’t know that was you ! [two heart-eyes emoji, fire emoji].” A third echoed: “Omg I used to watch this and I never even remembered that was you [shocked emoji].”
Before the found himself in the public eye, he used to work as a stripper full time but gave up when he married Katie in 2013. Speaking to the MailOnline in 2016, Kieran confessed that he doesn’t miss his stripping days.
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here.
He said: “I had to have an amazing body, that’s what the women paid for. Now I am happy at home and comfortable, I don’t want to go the gym six times a week and have an immaculate diet.
“I’m so happy now I can eat whatever I want. I’m not in bad shape. But I’m happier now spending time with the kids – I don’t want to be stuck in the gym!”
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.