As fans await her upcoming album, the Bronx rapper makes it known that she's crawling to the finish line. 

							By 

	Regina Cho

Associate News Editor

Cardi B‘s upcoming album is arguably one of the most anticipated releases of the year, but the updates regarding the LP have taken fans on a year-long roller coaster. The Bronx rapper added fuel to the fire on Wednesday (Aug. 28) when she posted a picture of her at a recording studio with the caption, “Back at Altantic Records correctional facilities,” referencing her label and her unwillingness to be there. 

	“She just like me when it’s time to go to work,” one X user joked under a viral repost of the story. Another fan empathized with the “WAP” rapper, typing, “Well she’s pregnant & divorcing, wouldn’t want to either.”

	










	The 31-year-old talent has been in headlines all throughout 2024 for more reasons than her music. After pregnancy rumors began to surface around June, she confirmed her third baby is currently on the way. On Aug. 1, she filed for divorce from Offset, with a source adding the reasoning is that the couple has “grown apart.” Throughout all of these major life updates, the rapper is still expected to drop her sophomore project. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Cardi B Reveals The One Thing Still Missing From Sophomore Album Ahead Of Release		
			






LMAOOOOO CARDI DOES NOT WANT TO DROP AN ALBUM RN pic.twitter.com/X0rSULNdwf

	It’s been over six years since Cardi B dropped her widely successful debut album, Invasion Of Privacy. That project housed monstrous hits like “Bodak Yellow,” “I Like It,” and “Bartier Cardi.” It also included assists from 21 Savage, Chance The Rapper, Migos, Bad Bunny, J Balvin, YG, and SZA. Fans have been eagerly awaiting her official follow-up, but earlier this year, Cardi abruptly said the project was no longer arriving in 2024. 

	“I hate that I fall back and start interacting again and it bites me in the a**. Anyway NO album this year I don’t care I’m relaxing this year ..Dropping these features I already committed to and traveling and enjoying my summer,” she tweeted back in May. 

	However, Atlantic Records swiftly countered that within the same week by posting her Rolling Stone cover with the caption, “Cardi B’s upcoming album is one of the most anticipated this year. We can’t wait [to] put it out, even if we have to sneak into her studio and take it!” 
Cardi B's upcoming album is one of the most anticipated this year. We can't wait put it out, even if we have to sneak into her studio and take it! ? https://t.co/VQXTut0OWM

	In the aforementioned interview with Rolling Stone, she also provided some context about how the recording process has been going. “Until I have the album ready, I’m not going home,” the mother-of-two told Mankaprr Conteh of RS. “I’m a different person every single day. When I’m in a good mood and I’m with my friends, [I’m] like, ‘Damn, I want my sh*t to be played in this club.’ But then I might be mad with my man, so it’s like now I want to do this song. But then I want to do a pop record. I want to do my sing-y sh*t.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.