Mar 30, 2024
Today, hubby and I planted our potatoes together…300 pounds of them. It’s always a fun time for us. He runs the tractor and I sit on the seat of the planter. I’m sure it’s quite a sight as we ride up and down the field. I feel like “Green Acres”…somewhat…I don’t quite have the class that Lisa had. Wish I did. As I was riding on the planter, I began to wonder what kind of harvest we might get in the fall. Hubby likes his red potatoes. To me, the white are just common potatoes, but boy, how I love those Yukon Golds. Funny what our preferences are, huh? As we rode around, I wondered if we would get enough rain, if the bugs would be particularly bad this year, and if our weed control would work well. Plans…we are always planning for the future.
This is the biggest, most awaited week of the year for Christians…the week of Jesus’ death, burial and resurrection…and Sunday’s a comin’. You can count on it. Have you ever thought about the preparation that took place for this event to take place? God planned. He arranged. He took care of all the details, so that all went just as He planned…so that there could be a harvest. We still benefit today from His great plan. We are, and always were a part of His plan. Ought we to take it so lightly, this great plan of redemption? We often treat it like the same old, same old at Easter time. God forbid. I pray this Easter, as you truly catch a glimpse of God’s love in Jesus’s sacrifice, that it grips your heart in a way it never has. Listen, friends…so many in our midst are eager to celebrate the Easter bunny with all the enthusiasm they can muster up, yet the blood of Jesus was shed for us, so that we can have forgiveness of sin from our heavenly Father, and gain peace, and eternal life in heaven…and we can glaze over that without much thought at all. We take Him for granted. He owed us nothing, yet gave it all.
John 3:16 says: For God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son, that whoever believes in Him shall not perish but have everlasting life.
God gave His all, His best…should we give any less in return? Are you thankful for His sacrifice for you? Would the world know that you are one of His? Just asking. Riding that tractor today was good thinking time. The time of harvest will come, whether we plan on it or not, will it be one of feast or famine…for your soul?
Lord, we are just so busy, too busy. Help us to slow down and reflect on just what you did for us by allowing Your Son to die for each of us. Help us to plant seeds of faith, so that we can harvest a crop of righteousness for others to see and desire. We love You, Lord. In Jesus’ Name, I Pray. Amen.
•••
Debby Renninger is a freelance writer and inspirational speaker. She holds a Bible study in her home in McVeytown, where seeking women are always welcome. She may be reached at (717) 250-7086 for speaking engagements.
Mifflin County’s very own Ashlie Crosson was officially awarded Tuesday with the title of National Teacher of the ...
Last time we were together, I shared days one and two of my great Disney adventure with my son, his wife, and my ...
Hello from the kitchen! 

Unless you live in a cave, I’m sure you’ve seen the price of groceries in the ...
Happy Easter week from the kitchen! 

However you decide to spend Easter Sunday, I do hope there’s food ...
I just returned from a trip to Disney World with my son, his wife, and two of my grandchildren — Sloan and ...
I learned a difficult lesson several years ago—one that reshaped my perspective on life and compassion. It ...
Copyright © 2025 Ogden Newspapers of Pennsylvania, LLC | https://www.lewistownsentinel.com | 352 Sixth Street, Lewistown, PA 17044 | 717-248-6741