No “Champagne Problems” here.
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce’s boozy drink order at the US Open has been revealed days after the couple went on a double date to the tennis finals with Patrick and Brittany Mahomes.
The “Bad Blood” singer and the Kansas City Chiefs players spared no expense in their box, ordering four bottles of Moët & Chandon Champagne — two of Rosé Impérial and two of Moët Impérial — a source told the US Sun Monday.
Swift, 34, Kelce, 34, and Patrick, 28, also enjoyed the Honey Deuce, the US Open’s trademark cocktail made with Grey Goose vodka, fresh lemonade, honeydew melon balls and premium raspberry liqueur, according to the report.
Brittany, 29, did not enjoy any alcoholic beverages, as she is currently pregnant with her and Patrick’s third child.
As for food, the foursome reportedly indulged in fish tacos, lobster rolls, filet mignon sandwiches, ribs and fries. They also ordered Van Leeuwen ice cream for the star-studded box while watching Jannik Sinner beat Taylor Fritz in the men’s singles final.
While the drinks were flowing, Swift and Kelce could be seen having a great time at the US Open.
At one point, the pair — who went public with their romance last September — were caught on video rocking out to “I Believe in a Thing Called Love” by the Darkness.
And at another time, the pop star — who wore a Reformation Sora Linen Dress ($248) — was seen grinding on her boyfriend with a Honey Deuce in hand as they danced to Bad Bunny’s “Tití Me Preguntó.”
After enjoying time at the US Open, the Mahomeses, Kelce and Swift went on a double date to Meduza Mediterrania in Manhattan’s Meatpacking District.
An eyewitness told Page Six exclusively that the “Cruel Summer” singer and the “New Heights” podcast co-host were “whisked to the restaurant’s private dining room on a second floor.”
The power couple dined with Patrick and his wife for three hours and also interacted with other industry pals, including Bon Iver’s Justin Vernon.
Swift and Kelce’s whirlwind weekend in New York City kicked off Friday when they had a date night at a Brooklyn pizza place.
The following day, they attended model Karen Elson’s wedding to Lee Foster in Manhattan.
Advertisement