It didn't have the best press launch, but now celebrities can't seem to get enough of Elon Musk's hotly-anticipated Cybertruck.
The Tesla mogul announced in 2021 that his bizarrely-designed electric SUV was going to be delayed until 2022, before changing to a "hopeful" release in 2023. Today in 2024, some of Hollywood's elite are finally getting their hands on the controversial $100,000 motor.
From reality TV star Kim Kardashian to Happy hitmaker Pharrell Williams to The Godfather gangster Al Pacino, A-list stars all over the United States have been spotted out and about in their odd-looking dystopian-era trucks. Here the Mirror takes a look at all the stars who've added a Cybertruck to their multi-million-dollar fleet of vehicles - after Tesla was hit by its largest ever recall.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian slammed for 'poorly edited' and 'staged Starbucks ad' with Tesla Cybertruck
Keeping Up With The Kardashians alum Kim clearly absolutely loves her Cybertruck after splashing the cash on the silver 4x4 earlier this year. She appears to have picked up the truck only recently, using it for several shoots on social media recently.
Kim has filmed bizarre racy Instagram videos with her new ride and even used it in a recent commercial for Starbucks. "The editing on this is embarrassing and maybe you should get the message everyone is over it now," someone wrote under the advertisement.
Another Cybertruck advocate is Paparazzi hitmaker Lady Gaga who was recently seen collecting her order. Running errands in her $120,000 model, the New York-born songstress was pictured picking up coffees in the electric truck in Malibu last month.
Elon initially reported Cybertruck prices would be between $60,000 and $100,000, but the Foundation Series Cybertrucks are actually worth almost $120,000.
Scarface and The Godfather star Al Pacino is also obsessed with his delivery, taking it out for date nights with girlfriend Noor Alfallah. The luxury motor fit right in recently when he pulled up at The Peninsula Hotel in Beverly Hills.
The couple appeared in good spirits during the outing last week as they were pictured leaving, with Noor taking the wheel. She showed off the couple's car on her Instagram Story last week, capturing its family car capabilities, with a child seat fitted in the back.
Hailey and Justin were recently pictured driving their Cybertruck to church only last month. Known for his extensive car collection, it's no surprise that Justin is driving the latest model out on the streets, often pictured behind the wheel of his exotic vehicles.
They were seen approaching their regular church in Los Angeles at the end of February when they must have taken delivery of the Tesla truck. Justin was snapped navigating the small streets in the large off-roading vehicle, with wife Hailey in the passenger seat.
Happy hitmaker Pharrell Williams was amongst one of the first celebrities to get his hands on Elon Musk's Cybertruck. He was snapped driving his new truck through the streets of downtown Miami before attempting to park the massive motor.
He tried to parallel park the electric car before a truly embarrassing moment happened in January earlier this year. After on-lookers began to gather, shocked at seeing one of the trucks in the flesh, Pharrell abandoned it after his "failed" parking attempt.
Right at the end of February, rapper Bad Bunny, beau of Selena Gomez, seemed to get his hands on a Cybertruck. He was spotted arriving at the Utah leg of his concert tour driving the large silver vehicle, showing it off in videos from the stadium show.
Comedian Steve Aoki is another recent famous face to get behind the wheel of a Cybertruck, winning the seal of approval from Elon Musk himself. Uploading his collection video to X, formally Twitter, Steve is seen calling the car a "Cyberbeast".
Elon shared the video on his platform, writing: "Steve just received his Cybertruck."
An avid car collector himself, it's though Jay Leno owns a Cybertruck, although that's not officially confirmed. But he did seem more than impressed when he took one out for a sample ride with Elon Musk himself in a televised segment for NBC.
"I mean it feels like any other Tesla, you've got instant acceleration," Leno admitted while driving the truck for the first time. "I love how open it appears to be." He thanked Elon for letting him drive a pre-production model and called it a "bucket list moment".
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.