A poster of what is purported to be the Coachella 2024 line-up has surfaced on Reddit and TikTok, revealing the Spice Girls, Justin Timberlake and Tyler, the Creator, as headliners. 
According to the poster, the Wannabe hitmakers will be headlining on Friday, April 12, with Tyler sandwiched in the middle on April 13 and pop superstar Justin closing the weekend on April 14, with the trio doing it all again on a second weekend. 
However, while we may all dream of the Spice Girls zig-a-zig-a’ing across the Coachella stage, it’s highly unlikely this is a real line-up, and no one is convinced by it otherwise. 
EduFonseca wrote in a Reddit group: ‘You know it’s fake because of how much I love it.’ 
xLYNCHDEADMANX joked: ‘Coachella could never pull a lineup this good.’ 
Ancient-Put3209 added: ‘This is false but how amazing?’ 
Completely unconvinced by the claims, @stitchessushi chimed in: ‘Theres no way the spice girls and justin timberlake are headlining coachella.’ 
Others were a little more hopeful about the line-up with Ldsupport commenting: ‘This looks reasonable. I would be happy. I’m a closet JT fan. The undercard works for me.’ 
Sea_Yogurtcloset_858 wrote: ‘Spice girls?! Good for them if they make a reunion but put them on the second line not as a headliner!!!’ 
Fraggle-rocks enthused: ‘If this is Spice Girls and JT, sign me UP! My elder millennial heart would rejoice if this is true, lol.’ 
More sceptical Reddit users pointed out that rap icon Andre 3000, who previously headlined the festival with his OutKast buddy Big Boi, was suspiciously listed as a performer quite low down on the third line of day two. 
‘Andre 3000 playing Coachella again. Sure,’ CalmlyChaotic81 said completely not sold on the ‘leaked’ poster. 
Other artists listed as performers include Nelly Furtado, Paramore, Lil Nas X, Ice Spice, J Balvin and Tyla. 
It’s not the first time the Spice Girls have been linked to Coachella as Mel B previously revealed she would love the girl group to perform at the famous festival. 
Speaking to TMZ in 2018, she said: ‘I would love that’ when asked if Coachella was a possibility. 
So far, the only thing accurate on the ‘leaked’ poster are the dates which are listed on Coachella’s official X account. However, festival organisers have not made any announcements since last year and are yet to confirm who will top the bill for the Indio, California event this spring. 
Coachella 2023 saw K-pop hitmakers BlackPink headline alongside Bad Bunny and Frank Ocean. R&B crooner Frank was heavily criticised for his performance which was mired with technical issues and saw him pull out of weekend two before being replaced by Blink-182. 
Metro.co.uk has reached out to Spice Girls rep for comment. 
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: You could get paid £100k a year to go to Coachella and Wimbledon
Arrow
MORE: Coachella owner orders fan to destroy footage of controversial Frank Ocean set
Arrow
MORE: Glastonbury issues serious warning over tickets for 2024