The presidential race: where we stand; the election: what we worry about; and the backlash from non-endorsements: why we care.
Choose your preferred player:
For questions about subscriptions or your Slate Plus feed, check our FAQ.
Please enable javascript to get your Slate Plus feeds.
If you can't access your feeds, please contact customer support.
Thanks! Check your phone for a link to finish setting up your feed.
Please enter a valid phone number.
Listen on your phone:RECOMMENDED
Enter your phone number and we'll text you a link to set up the
        podcast in your app:
We'll only text you about setting up this podcast, no spam.
Listen on your computer:
Apple Podcasts will only work on MacOS operating systems since Catalina. We do not support Android apps on desktop at this time.
Listen on your device:RECOMMENDED
These links will only work if you're on the device you listen to podcasts on.
Set up
          manually:

How does this work?


We are showing you options for a computer but if you're on a phone or tablet
We are showing you options for a phone or a tablet but if you're on a computer,
          click here. If you still have questions about subscriptions or your Slate Plus Feed,  check our FAQ.

Loading...
We're sorry, but something went wrong while fetching your podcast feeds. Please contact us at plus@slate.com for help.
This week, Emily Bazelon, John Dickerson, and David Plotz discuss the final week of the presidential campaign; the threats to election integrity; and the consequences of not endorsing. Join us on December 4 for Political Gabfest Live in Brooklyn! Tickets are on sale now. And send us your Conundrums at slate.com/conundrum.
Here are some notes and references from this week’s show:
Consider This From NPR: Harris makes her final pitch for her presidency and Donald Trump’s closing argument: leaning into the extreme rhetoric
Kristen Holmes and Steve Contorno for CNN: Trump’s offensive Madison Square Garden rally triggers fears of an overshadowed message and fallout with Puerto Rican voters
Megan Messerly and Jessica Piper for Politico: Dems see signs for optimism in gender gap in early vote
Ed O’Keefe, Weijia Jiang, Olivia Rinaldi, Jacob Rosen, Fin Gómez, and Arden Farhl for CBS News: “Supporters” or “supporter’s”? Biden comments about Trump “garbage” rally anger the GOP
Will Weissert and Chris Megerian for AP: Harris promises to ‘represent all Americans’ after Biden’s remark on Trump supporters and ‘garbage’
Emily Brooks for The Hill: Johnson says ‘little secret’ with Trump is get-out-the-vote effort, not ‘diabolical’
NBC News: Liz Cheney: ‘I do not have faith’ Speaker Johnson will certify election
Taijuan Moorman for USA Today: Bad Bunny, JLo, Ricky Martin support Harris after Trump rally Puerto Rico comments
Natasha Korecki for NBC News: ‘We must mobilize’: Harris rallies with Beyonce and Willie Nelson in Texas
Kevin Dolak for The Hollywood Reporter: Kamala Harris Taps Eminem and Bruce Springsteen for Campaign Events as Election Day Approaches
Ian Millhiser for Vox: A new Supreme Court case could change the result of the presidential election
Mark Joseph Stern for Slate: The Supreme Court Just Carved an Outrageous Loophole Into a Major Voting Rights Law
Votebeat: Nonpartisan local reporting on elections and voting
CISA: A Message to Election Officials from CISA Director Jen Easterly
Elahe Izadi for The Washington Post: After non-endorsement, 250,000 subscribers cancel The Washington Post
Brian Beutler for Off Message: The Resistance Demands Respect, Too
Jeff Bezos for The Washington Post: Opinion: The hard truth: Americans don’t trust the news media
James Rainey for the Los Angeles Times: L.A. Times owner’s decision not to endorse in presidential race sparks resignations, questions
Here are this week’s chatters:
Emily: My Brilliant Friend on HBO and My Brilliant Friend by Elena Ferrante; Caroline Kitchener for The Washington Post: She said she had a miscarriage – then got arrested under an abortion law
John: Jennifer Hassan for The Washington Post: Who stole 24 tons of cheddar? ‘Sophisticated’ cheese heist sparks police hunt. and Neal’s Yard Dairy
David: Nobody Wants This. on Netflix and POTUS Among Us: Beyond Belief With Special Guest David Plotz
Listener chatter from Jacob in Chicago: Ariel Wittenberg for Politico: How ‘green’ inhalers could evade Biden’s drug pricing legacy
For this week’s Slate Plus bonus segment, Emily, John, and David talk about what to do while you’re waiting for election results.
In the latest Gabfest Reads, John talks with Dan Harris about his book, 10% Happier 10th Anniversary Edition: How I Tamed the Voice in My Head, Reduced Stress Without Losing My Edge, and Found Self-Help That Actually Works – A True Story.
Email your chatters, questions, and comments to gabfest@slate.com. (Messages may be referenced by name unless the writer stipulates otherwise.)
Podcast production by Cheyna Roth
Research by Julie Huygen
Want more Political Gabfest? Join Slate Plus to unlock weekly bonus episodes. Plus, you’ll access ad-free listening across all your favorite Slate podcasts. You can subscribe directly from the Political Gabfest show page on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Or visit slate.com/gabfestplus to get access wherever you listen.
Anxious about the election? We have ideas on how to pass the time.
Voted “Favorite Political Podcast” by Apple Podcasts listeners. Stephen Colbert says, "Everybody should listen to the Slate Political Gabfest." The Gabfest is hosted by Emily Bazelon, John Dickerson, and David Plotz. Listen for the debates, stay for the cocktail chatter.
David Plotz is a host of the Slate Political Gabfest and the CEO of City Cast.
Emily Bazelon is a staff writer at the New York Times Magazine, the author of Charged and Sticks and Stones, and co-host of the Slate Political Gabfest.
John Dickerson is host of CBS News Prime Time With John Dickerson, co-host of the Slate Political Gabfest, host of the Whistlestop podcast, and author of The Hardest Job in the World.
Slate is published by The Slate
          Group, a Graham Holdings Company.
All contents ©
        2025
        The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved.