Experts are warning rabbit owners to check their bunnies’ bums during warm weather, to prevent a deadly disease known as flystrike. (Image: PDSA)


  The condition, which is caused by flies that can lay eggs on rabbits’ fur, can quickly kill them if not treated.


  PDSA Vet Nurse Nina Downing said: “The flies are more common in summer months, once the eggs hatch into maggots these burrow under the rabbit’s skin, feeding on their flesh. It can be incredibly painful for the poor bunny, and if not treated quickly it can be fatal.”


(Image: PDSA)


  Fortunately, there are plenty of ways to reduce the chances of your rabbit developing flystrike. Here are Nina’s top tips:


Preventing flystrike:


  Nina said: “It’s very important to call your vet immediately if you see any possible signs of flystrike, which can include visible eggs or maggots, patches of wet fur, a bad smell, eating less, and lethargy. Don’t try to remove the maggots yourself or treat your rabbit at home, as this can be even more stressful for your rabbit and is often not effective.”


(Image: PDSA)


  Flystrike is an emergency that requires urgent treatment. Eggs can hatch into maggots within hours, and the maggots can cause extensive damage in less than a day, so it’s vital to get vet help as quickly as possible. With the right treatment many rabbits can recover with no lasting damage.


  Nina added: “When taking your rabbit to the vet, if possible it’s a good idea to bring along their bunny buddy. Rabbits are very social creatures, and having their friend along with them can help reduce their stress and keep them calm.”


  Thankfully, with a few simple steps  you can reduce the risk of your rabbit suffering from flystrike this summer. For more expert information on flystrike, visit our website www.pdsa.org.uk/flystrike.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.