The Puerto Rican's full-length debut marks her first entry and top 10 on any albums chart.

													By
												

	Pamela Bustios

Sr. Charts & Data Analyst (Latin & Billboard Español)

Young Miko attains a new milestone in her Billboard chart career as her full-length debut, Att., opens at No. 9 on Top Latin Albums and at No. 4 on Latin Rhythm Albums (dated April 20).






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Young Miko		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Released April 5 via The Wave Music, the set earned 10,000 equivalent album units in the U.S. in the tracking week of April 5-11, according to Luminate.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	On Top Latin Albums and Latin Rhythm Albums, units comprise album sales, track equivalent albums [TEA] and streaming equivalent albums [SEA]. Each unit equals one album sale, or 10 individual tracks sold from an album, or 3,750 ad-supported or 1,250 paid/subscription on-demand official audio and video streams generated by songs from an album.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Of Att.’s opening sum, 9,000 derive from SEA, a figure that equates to 12.5 million official U.S. audio and video streams of the album’s songs. Album sales contribute 1,000 of the remaining units, with a negligible amount of activity from track-equivalent units.

	With Att. Young Miko earns her first top 10 effort on any Billboard albums chart, after scoring eight song entries across Billboard’s rankings, including the No. 2-peaking “Fina,” with Bad Bunny, on Hot Latin Songs, which combines radio airplay, streaming data, and digital downloads. The track concurrently reached No. 6 high on the all-genre Billboard Global 200 last October.

	As Att. bows in the top 10 on Top Latin Albums, Young Miko becomes the third artist to debut in the top 10 with their first entry in 2024, after Oscar Maydon’s Distorción (No. 9 launch, Jan. 6) and Luis R. Conriquez’ Corridos Bélicos, Vol. IV, (No. 5, Jan. 20).

	Plus, Young Miko marks the first time a woman debuts in the top 10 on Top Latin Albums on her first try since Selena Gomez’s Revelación (EP) debuted at No. 1 in March 2021.

	Further, Young Miko joins seven other women who have scored a top 10 debut on Top Latin Albums this decade. Here’s the recap, which includes triple and double debuts by Karol G and Becky G, respectively:

Artist, Title, Debut Date, Debut Position

	Notably, Uchis’ debut album, Sin Miedo (Del Amor y Otros Demonios) joined the top 10 on Top Latin Albums in its second week (climbing 21-8) as the set, released Nov. 18, 2020, via EMI/Interscope/ UMe, debuted at No. 21 from two days of activity. (Sin Miedo later peaked at No. 3 where it held for four weeks).

	Over on the multimetric Hot Latin Songs tally, Att. spins off a new single: “Offline,” with Feid, launching at No. 45.

	










	Beyond its top 10 debut across Latin albums charts, att. makes its maiden appearance on the all-genre Billboard 200, at No. 129. Plus, it debuts on the Independent Albums tally, at No. 23.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.