By SAMEER SURI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:37, 17 January 2024   |  Updated:  08:31, 17 January 2024   
 27
View  comments
Kendall Jenner cut a casual figure when she was spotted out and about in chilly Los Angeles running errands this week.
The 28-year-old supermodel draped her willowy frame in a loose-fitted T-shirt, which she wore tucked in, emphasizing her trim waistline.
She slipped into a pair of high-waisted jeans that played up her vertiginous legs and warded off the cold in a boyfriend fit jacket.
Accessorizing with a baseball cap and a bulging red handbag, she accentuated her unmistakable features with heavy makeup.
Her curtains of silky dark hair tumbled freely in the breeze, framing her complexion and her sleek pair of dark oval sunglasses.
Kendall Jenner cut a casual figure when she was spotted out and about in chilly Los Angeles running errands this week
The 28-year-old supermodel draped her willowy frame in a loose-fitted T-shirt, which she wore tucked in, emphasizing her trim waistline
Kendall's latest sighting comes about a month after it emerged that she and her steamy boyfriend Bad Bunny had ended their romance.
'Kendall and Bad Bunny have been doing their own things lately and things slowly started to fizzle out between them,' an insider informed Entertainment Tonight.
'They both knew going into this that it likely wouldn't be a forever type of relationship and that was mutually understood from the get-go.'
The source noted: 'They have crazy busy schedules and know they're still young and have a lot more to experience individually before settling down.'
Dismissing the idea that there was 'any negativity between them,' the insider maintained that 'they still want the best for one another.'
Per the source: 'Kendall’s family still thinks highly of him,' adding that the Kardashian-Jenner clan 'just want her to be with whoever makes her happy, treats her with love and respect, and someone that understands and can handle the attention that comes along with dating her with poise and grace.'
The news broke a month after Kendall posted a cryptic message that left fans asking questions about the state of her romance with Bad Bunny. 
Firing up her Instagram in mid-November, she uploaded a picture of the sunset and declared: 'what's meant for me, will simply find me.'
Kendall's latest sighting comes about a month after it emerged that she and her steamy boyfriend Bad Bunny had ended their romance; pictured in May 
'Kendall and Bad Bunny have been doing their own things lately and things slowly started to fizzle out between them,' an insider informed Entertainment Tonight; pictured in September 
The line was a reference to her recent Calvin Klein campaign, in which she teased: 'I don't chase, I attract. What's meant for me will simply find me.'
Her fans duly leapt into the comments and started asking about her love life, convinced her post was a veiled jab at her boyfriend.
'Did conejo malo hurt you??!' wrote one, using the Spanish phrase for 'Bad Bunny,' who hails from Puerto Rico and performs in Spanish.
Although Kendall and Bad Bunny have been glimpsed on dates together since February, they stayed scrupulously tight-lipped in public about the relationship.
When the subject came up during Kendall's interview with WSJ Magazine this past summer, she offered no further details than 'no comment.'
She did however shed light on why she has chosen to adopt such a private attitude to her love life, which in the past has included Blake Griffin and Devin Booker.
Kendall wants to retain a 'balance of keeping things private and keeping things sacred,' she explained to the magazine.
Her goal is 'also not letting the unfortunate frustration and stress of everyone trying to get in on it stop me from enjoying my side. Does that make sense?' 
The news broke a month after Kendall posted a cryptic message that left fans asking questions about the state of her romance with Bad Bunny 
She added: 'I'll go out of my way to do things as privately as possible because I just think that that's the healthier way of dealing with relationships anyway.'
Bad Bunny chose to remain similarly secretive about Kendall when he covered Rolling Stone recently - and for similar reasons.
'I know something is going to come out. I know [people are] going to say something. People know everything about me, so what’s left for me to protect?' he asked.
'My private life, my personal life. That’s the only answer. In the end, the only thing I have is my privacy,' Bad Bunny explained.
'We’re in the worst time, the worst moment for the privacy of other humans; not just artists, but human beings. Today, no one respects the privacy or life of anyone.'
He is realistic about the fact that '[f]ans are always going to want to know more, but I don’t focus on that. I’m always going to keep living my way.'
In his new album Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana (Nobody Knows What Will Happen Tomorrow), Bad Bunny addressea the scrutiny on his private life.
During his opening song, he distinguishes his 'real fans' from people who are 'so stupid' as to imagine they 'know the life of famous people.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group