Home » Fashion
Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth will join Vogue’s Anna Wintour as the co-chairs of the 2024 Met Gala.
The star-studded lineup was confirmed by the fashion bible on Thursday, Feb 15.
“Hello, are you all free Monday, May 6?”  Wintour texted them all.
“Of course,” Zendaya replied.
“Anna! Sí,” Latin star Bad Bunny wrote.
“Wouldn’t miss supporting the museum,” Jennifer Lopez responded.
“Checking schedule now. I can free up that day,” Marvel star Chris Hemsworth cheekily replied along with a winking emoji.
The dress code for the charity fashion bash, which takes place on May 6, is “The Garden of Time,” a nod to the Met’s “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion” spring exhibition, boasting around 250 items from the Costume Institute’s permanent collection.
The designs are by Schiaparelli, Dior, Givenchy and more.
One piece, the Charles Frederick Worth ballgown from 1877, will be shown off via video animation, light projection, AI and CGI.
The exhibition will be shaped by the zones land, sea and sky.
“This innovative show will push the boundaries of our imagination and invite us to experience many facets of a work, to learn more about its history, and, ultimately, to gain a deeper appreciation of its beauty,” Max Hollein, the Met’s Marina Kellen French director and CEO, told Vogue.
The Met is getting high-tech by using a glass illusion technique to reflect a ghostly figure onstage.
As well as AI and animation, CGI will be used to “weave a contextual fabric of understanding around each piece.”
“Fashion is one of the most emotional artistic forms because of its connection to the body. It is imbued with memory and emotions, and we relate to it very much via our senses. One thing I hope this show will activate is that sensorial appreciation of fashion,” said Andrew Bolton, the Wendy Yu curator in charge of The Costume Institute.
The annual gala takes place at New York City’s Metropolitan Museum of Art on the first Monday in May.
Last year’s theme was “Karl Lagerfeld: A Line of Beauty” in memory of the late designer.