The pop star's "Short n' Sweet" tour stop in Dallas was jam-packed with tricks and treats.
 Friendship ended with Short n' Sweet tour. Now Short n' Spooky tour is our best friend.

 Sabrina Carpenter brought the haunt to the Dallas stop of her Short n' Sweet tour Wednesday night, dressing in a variety of costumes from iconic movies and pulling off creepy Halloween gags left and right.

 It all started with Carpenter taking the stage in a towel that she tore off to reveal a black, sequin-bedecked Playboy bunny costume. In a behind-the-scenes TikTok posted to Carpenter's official account the following day, the "Please, Please, Please" singer lip-synced dialogue from the 2008 Anna Faris comedy The House Bunny. "Oh heck no, no, those girls are all boobs and no brains," Carpenter vamped. "I'm too busy, in a library, reading books with dust on them."

Sabrina Carpenter/TikTok (2)
 She wore the outfit on stage at the American Airlines Center to perform a mix of songs from her latest album, Short n' Sweet, including "Bed Chem." Carpenter begins performances of the song by having her microphone lowered from the rafters, pausing just above where her arms can reach in a play on her diminutive stature. This time the microphone was lowered down in the clutches of a giant black spider, causing her a bit of playful angst.

 The performance of "Bed Chem" devolved into a gruesome chainsaw murder scene glimpsed from the other side of a velvet curtain, ending with a shot of Carpenter lying in repose on a heart-shaped bed next to a skeleton.

 Eagle-eyed fans also noticed a tiny bit of script stitched into Carpenter's tights: "Short n' Spooky."

 For the night's performance of "Espresso" — the undisputed song of the summer that finally elevated Carpenter from your favorite pop star's favorite pop star to everyone's favorite pop star — she dressed as Tinkerbell. Carpenter emerged at the top of a grand staircase in a lime green minidress with a recognizably jagged hem, sporting a pair of fairy wings as she rhapsodized about "working late, 'cause I'm a singer."

 Carpenter has built a number of gags into the Short n' Sweet tour that change at each stop, a practice she first began on the Emails I Can't Send tour by singing a different double-entendre-laden outro to her song "Nonsense" each night. At the midpoint of the new song "Juno," Carpenter strikes what fans call a "position," a winking reference to the line she sings while posing: "Have you ever tried this one?"

 While still dressed as Tinkerbell, Carpenter shuffled to the end of the stage's runway and shouted, "Boo!" and concertgoers reacted in mock fright as the heart-shaped end of the runway lifted her off the ground.

 Carpenter clearly knows her aesthetic references, finally stepping out onto the stage in the guise of one of her most influential forebears: Olivia Newton-John in Grease. She performed the Emails I Can't Send hit "Feather" in the skintight black "bad girl" jumpsuit Newton-John dons at the end of 1978 film, and looked every bit the spitting image of the late vocalist.

 After a game of spin the bottle (another nightly gag that decides which cover Carpenter will perform), it was decided that Carpenter would perform a stirring rendition of Newton-John's Grease torch song "Hopelessly Devoted to You." On Thursday, she posted a behind-the-scenes video in the outfit to TikTok, lip-syncing one of Newton-John's infamous lines from the film: "Tell me about it, stud."

 More Halloween-themed tricks and treats included the crew wearing blond Carpenter-esque wigs backstage, the railing of the grand staircase being covered in a creepy spiderweb, and the singer performing "Slim Pickins" surrounded by pumpkins, black cats, and other paranormal paraphernalia.

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)