Famous Eddies Drive-In Open In December
Eddie's Drive-In took to social media with incredible news.
Sharyl Dawn  Owner of Eddies Drive-In with WCSX Screamin Scott
Like myself, I have been waiting to get through a long Michigan Winter for the announcement to come around April for Eddie's Drive-In opening day news. To my surprise, when the owner, Sharyl Dawn, contacted me with news that was like an early Christmas Gift!
The answer is an astonishing yes! Even before Christmas! News broke out officially on their social media accounts of Facebook and Instagram.
Screamin Burger Is Back
Even with the limited menu, have no fear, as the Screamin Burger is back!
Famous Eddies Menu
We are going to open for weekends this Friday, December 20th, and our hours are as follows.....
Friday's - 3 pm to 9 pmSaturday and Sunday - 8 am to 4 pm
We plan on being open on weekends until our normal opening in April. Then, we will go back to our regular menu and operating hours!!
Owner Sharyl Dawn purchased the car hop on May 9th, 2014. Sharyl says to mark your calendars for December 20th and prepare for an 11th-anniversary celebration in 2025! This celebration will include Friday movie nights, Spirit Days, and much more.
Another Season Almost Done At Eddie's
The idea of Eddie’s Drive-In is a ’50s car hop revival restaurant started by the original Eddie & Mary Catherin in 1987 when Eddie’s Drive-In became a real car hop with old-fashioned food. It’s a family place to take the kids for an ice cream treat. Even natural roller skating car hop waitresses roll up to your window to take your order. Sharyl Dawn took control and has run it since 2014.
The “Screamin Burger” was introduced 7 years ago when the owner, Sharyl Dawn, asked me to design a signature burger from Screamin’ Scott. It’s a 1/3 pound of ground round beef, lettuce, tomato, cheese, bacon, thick onion rings, and the famous Ed sauce with some Sriracha hot sauce. The “Screamin’ Burger” is a hit every season!
[select-listicle listicle_id="811571" syndication_name="list-of-must-watch-holiday-christmas-classics-movies-and-tv-shows" description="yes"]
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!