Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2024 Predictions (Part 14)
Olivia is performing. Ok, I stand corrected. Coming for that BPVA. 
There’s like at least 5 performers every year that go home emptyhanded.
I don't even have my lorazepam, I'm going to have to DRINK myself to sleep
2025 campaigns
Grammys: TBD
Emmys: Tramell Tillman Supporting Actor Drama Series, Parker Posey Supporting Actress Drama Series
There’s no correlation between performing and winning. 
Regardless of performing, I think Olivia has a shot a Pop Solo Performance. I actually think that category is the toughest to predict. I have Miley at #1, but I can honestly see anyone win.
SZA’s “SOS” becomes the first album in history to have a track in the Top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 in at least 4 different years.
SZA was in the top 10 in the 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024. pic.twitter.com/o1BpJWRITh
— Pop Tingz (@ThePopTingz) January 16, 2024
AOTY teas!!!
 lol its actually the same situations, Taylor is totally a legendary Grammy darling, she is just snubbed by the pop fiel (still she had 2 wins) how can you say an artist with 3 AOTY Wins and 20 big four nominations is NOT a Grammy darling? LOOOL 
If it’s the same situation, then who are the two legendary grammy darlings that Taylor is up against? SZA and Lana? Be fr. Compared to Adele, Beyoncé and Bruno Mars, Taylor isn’t a grammy darling. From 2016 to 2024 she has received 2 grammys even though she released many projects.
I fear Taylor is going to announce Rep TV album whatever GF award she will win at during the Grammys.
Migs
Dua Lipa & Billie Eilish + performing at Grammys =
I fear Taylor is going to announce Rep TV album whatever GF award she will win at during the Grammys. 
had the same thought yesterday… just ending her speech with “there will be no explanation…”
shame I’m currently predicting her win only 0-1 awards, and that would be BPVA
when you saw the dead little bird you started crying, but you know the killer doesn’t understand • how did I go from growing up to breaking down? • old habits die screaming • girl, how do you feel being a girl? • things I once enjoyed just keep me employed now • meet me behind the mall
I fear Taylor is going to announce Rep TV album whatever GF award she will win at during the Grammys.
this would be slightly ironic considering it received just 1 nomination, which it lost 
She will not announce rep during the Grammies.  That is absurd.
Even her fans think Karma + Ice Spice is trash.
Ok, Taylor stans. We all agree: Taylor is going to win every single award she is up for, and then probably some she isn’t even nominated for. Is that what you want to hear? Now can we peacefully discuss some other fucking options without being reminded every page how much Taylor has every win locked down because no one has ever shined as bright as she can shine. Jesus. 
you need to chill.  I’m a taylor fan and no she isn’t going to win everything, nor should she, and she doesn’t always win either.  How many times have I heard people stating “i just hope Taylor doesn’t sweep again” or “she’s a grammy darling”.  First, Taylor has never swept and has never even won 3 out of the 4 general categories.  As for if she is a darling, it depends upon your definition.  I don’t think so just for that reason, she has only won 1 general field category and has the lowest percentile of any of her peers.  What she is, that people don’t understand, it an album artist.  there are very few today.  She may not have the very best song of the year, or the very best record of the year, or the best pop vocal.  But, her albums as a whole project are usually a contender because she is an album artist.  Her projects are usually consistent.  That is why she has won AOTY 3 times.  Not because she is a darling, but because she actually makes consistent albums.  is midnights her best? No, but it doesn’t have to be. In her favor is her popularity and impact with this record, sales records, tour records, Ticketmaster etc.  But, do I think it will win? No. Still, she is an album artist, that is why she wins AOTY.
Taylor has been announced as a performer.
 I don’t think Taylor is performing because of the Tokyo shows. But a simple “You’re On Your Own, Kid” in the piano would be great. 
Taylor has been announced as a performer by CBS.
where did you see this?
The topic ‘Grammys 2024 Predictions (Part 14)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media