By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:28, 20 December 2024   |  Updated:  21:05, 20 December 2024   
 84
View  comments
Britney Spears returned home from her Mexico getaway with a special friend.
On Thursday, the 43-year-old pop star was seen traveling from Cabo San Lucas in Mexico to her home in Los Angeles shortly after she claimed she was planning to move there.
She carried a rabbit plushie — the same stuffed animal that also made an appearance in one of her most recent dancing videos she filmed during her trip.
As she headed back home, she traded in her bikini for a long, black trench coat, which she paired with knee-high boots and a chic fedora. 
At one point, she was also seen trying to keep a low profile, hiding her face with a pair of oversize sunglasses and hugging her stuffed plushie tightly. 
She also carried an overflowing, cream-colored tote bag and had her team assisting her with a trolley full of her suitcases with another, larger stuffed animal of a rabbit. 
Britney Spears returned home from her Mexico getaway with a special friend. On Thursday, the 43-year-old pop star was seen traveling from Cabo San Lucas in Mexico to her home in Los Angeles shortly after she claimed she was planning to move there
She carried a rabbit plushie — the same stuffed animal that also made an appearance in one of her most recent dancing videos she filmed during her trip
Just a couple days earlier, Spears treated her 42 million Instagram followers to a since-deleted video of herself dancing in a blue bikini. 
In one short segment of the clip, she pulled out a stuffed rabbit and was heard calling it: 'Bad bunny baby.' 
The Princess of Pop — who recently shared her worries that she might 'get hurt again' — also alluded to sustaining a jet ski injury during vacation.
Earlier this week, she also shared another video of herself dancing in an animal-print, one-piece swimsuit.
In her caption, she spoke about wanting to move to Mexico because of how 'sacred' the place was to her. 
At the beginning of the month, she celebrated her birthday there during her Mexico getaway and shared another post, in which she said she was 'house hunting.' 
Spears, who regained control of her life and finances after her conservatorship ended in November 2021, has been spending a lot of time in Mexico lately.
However, a source told The Hollywood Reporter that she has not made the move even though she said she had. 
As she headed back home, she traded in her bikini for a long, black trench coat, which she paired with knee-high boots and a chic fedora
At one point, she was also seen trying to keep a low profile, hiding her face with a pair of oversize sunglasses and hugging her stuffed plushie tightly
She also carried an overflowing, cream-colored tote bag and had her team assisting her with a trolley full of her suitcases with another, larger stuffed animal of a rabbit.
She has been on a weeks-long trip in Mexico after going to Cabo San Lucas to celebrate her birthday earlier this month. This week, she said she was house-hunting and planning a move there
Just a couple days earlier, Spears treated her 42 million Instagram followers to a since-deleted video of herself dancing in a blue bikini. In one short segment of the clip, she pulled out a stuffed rabbit and was heard calling it: ' Bad bunny baby'
She called the country 'sacred' but admitted it is sometimes hard to fully move on from the past. 
Spears wrote in the caption of one of her latest posts: 'When it hurts so bad it starts to feel good!!! So many of the vibes and moods us women specifically go through is a process of healing, and it’s a very fragile thing!!!'
She added: 'Not sure why I'm explaining myself, but there's a little negativity with me mentioning my move to Mexico!!! It's a gift from God that I will never take for granted!!!
'OK yes, when I come back, I’ll showcase the living room during the day so you can see the view!!! It's insane, and way better for the viewing eye, but for some reason, this place has been sort of sacred to me, and I didn't want to share all aspects of possibilities,' she continued.
'It will grow and expand if I follow my heart, but sometimes it's complicated to even try to move forward if you think you might get hurt again!!!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group