Visitors ride the Rollin' Thunder roller coaster at OWA Parks & Resort in Foley, Alabama. It's the largest coaster at the park and one of three on site.(Courtesy photo/Devin Ford/OWA)
Water parks might be all the rage right now, but for some of us, nothing beats a thrilling roller coaster ride. Whooshing through the air, plunging down a steep slope, throwing hands up and screaming in delight ... if you grew up loving roller coasters, they’re the true gem of any amusement park.
Folks in Alabama don’t have to travel far to get a roller coaster fix, although the state certainly can’t match the hair-raising rides at theme parks in California, Florida, Georgia, Pennsylvania and Ohio. Still, adults and kids can hop onto six coasters that are currently in operation here, and ready to ride through Labor Day. Let’s go!
Where: 1501 S. OWA Blvd, Foley, 251-923-2111.
When: The Tropic Falls amusement park is open through the end of September, mostly on Fridays through Sundays, but also Monday-Tuesday, Aug. 5-6, and Monday, Sept. 2, for Labor Day. The park opens at 10 a.m. and closes from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m., depending on the day. See the online calendar here.
What to expect: Tropic Falls is a combination theme park and indoor water park. The theme park has three roller coasters — Rollin’ Thunder, Crazy Mouse and Southern Express — and other rides for adults and kids.
Rollin’ Thunder: “The Rollin’ Thunder rolls in as OWA’s largest and most thrilling coaster,” the park website says. “Designed with daredevils in mind, the Rollin’ Thunder checks every box. Strap in, hold on tight and lift off! This coaster will have you twisting, turning, looping and dropping all day long.” Must be at least 51″ tall to ride. “The car leaves the station, makes a left turn and climbs a vertical chain lift hill,” Coasterpedia says. “Riders plunge downwards and enter a vertical loop. This is followed by a zero-g roll and an over-banked curve. The car flips through a dive loop and moves through some airtime hills. After the airtime hills, riders head into a corkscrew, followed by an another airtime hill. The car then hits the final brake run and heads back into the station.” The steel coaster opened in 2017, Coasterpedia says.
Crazy Mouse: “Putting a fun ‘twist’ on the traditional coaster, the Crazy Mouse will have your seat spinning out of control,” the OWA website says. “Take in a 360 view as the mice scurry up and down and around the tracks.” Must be 42″ tall to ride, 48″ tall to ride unaccompanied. The steel coaster opened in 2017, Coasterpedia says.
Southern Express: “All aboard for one fast and fun ride with plenty of tilts and turns,” the park website says. “Grab the family and go on a mining excursion on this timeless ride. You may not find gold inside the mining cars, but we guarantee you will find fun.” Must be 36″ tall to to ride, 42″ tall to ride unaccompanied. The steel kiddie coaster opened in 2017, Coasterpedia says.
Park admission: $29.99 theme park day pass, $63.99-$79.99 for theme park and water park.
What riders say: The Rollin’ Thunder gets a major thumb’s up from some roller coaster enthusiasts. “First off, this ride is so very underrated. It is rough for how new it is, but this ride is fantastic,” @J&B FitzTubeKidz said in a review on the Captain Coaster website. “From the insane airtime to my favorite part of the ride, the corkscrew at the end, this ride is intense and relentless. You start off with the awesome first drop that gives great airtime, then head into a hang time filled loop, and before the zero-g-roll, you hit a bad pothole but it doesn’t ruin the ride. The inversion is still fun though. You then head into a floater filled wave turn and then into a roll stall type element that hangs you upside down then hits you with positive G’s on the way out. You then head into two INSANE ejector pops that gives the strongest airtime I’ve experienced. You then head into the most demonic corkscrew ever. It’s the most whippy and intense inversion I’ve experienced. After that you go into a slightly outer banked bunny hop with great airtime and then the ride is over. Overall, awesome headline coaster for a small park and is a 5/5 for me!”
Where: 4599 Splash Adventure Parkway, Bessemer, 205-481-4750.
When: Saturday and Sundays through Sept. 8, plus Monday, Sept. 2, on Labor Day. Hours are 10:30 a.m.-7 p.m. Saturdays, 10:30-6 p.m. Sundays and Labor Day. See the online schedule here.
What to expect: The Alabama Adventure amusement park has two roller coasters in operation right now, the Cheddar Chase and the Centi-SPEED. The popular Rampage coaster (a wooden coaster that dates back to 1998) is being refurbished and will reopen in 2025, the park’s website says. There’s a water park on the Splash Adventure side, and other amusement park rides for adults and kids.
Cheddar Chase: “A family roller coaster with tight turns, steep drops and sudden stops,” the park’s website says. Must be 48″ tall to ride.” It’s a steel “wild mouse” coaster — that is, a coaster with single-car vehicles that zip around sharp, unbanked turns — and has been at the park since 2022, according to Coasterpedia.
Centi-SPEED: “This is a great starter coaster for young thrill seekers,” the website says. “Riders must be at least 42″ tall or at least 36″ tall and accompanied by a responsible person.” This steel kiddie coaster resembles a caterpillar, and offers a gentler ride than the Cheddar Chase. It’s been at the park since 2014, according to Coasterpedia.
Park admission: $39.99-$44.99, free for kids age 2 and younger.
What riders say: Reviews are mixed on the Cheddar Chase, with some folks finding the ride a bit rough for their tastes. But aficionados who appreciate wooden coasters have plenty of praise for the Rampage, and are eagerly awaiting its return. “This coaster is such a hidden gem. It’s one of the most extreme coasters I’ve ridden,” @Carter Eckhart said in a review on the Captain Coaster website. “The laterals are so strong and abrupt it feels like a car crash. They’re so strong that they push you out of your seat and give you airtime it’s insane. On top of that the pacing is quite strong and there’s a few solid normal airtime hills which are heightened by the insane room that you can get. The only problem with this ride is that there is a couple of rough patches and the laterals are so ridiculous that they knock the wind out of you and after a little bit it started to give me a stomach ache, but I’ll put up with that all day because I love how crazy this ride is.”
Where: 3200 Gulf Shores Parkway, Gulf Shores, 251-270-0209.
When: Hours are 10 a.m.-10 p.m. daily, except for Thanksgiving and Christmas.
What to expect: This is one of six locations for The Track Family Fun Parks, and the only location in Alabama. The park has a small, kid-friendly Spinning Coaster, along with go-karts, miniature golf, a carousel and other rides. (Note: A ride here called the Skycoaster isn’t an actual roller coaster; it’s a slingshot-style ride that suspends visitors in the air in a harness.)
Spinning Coaster: “With rolling curves and cars that spin while zipping along the coaster’s track, the Spinning Coaster is a great pick for a first-time roller coaster experience,” the park’s website says. Must be at least 3′6″ tall to ride with an adult and at least 4′0″ to ride alone. The steel kiddie coaster has been at The Track since 2020, according to the Roller Coaster Database.
Park admission: The amount visitors pay is based on points that are placed on a card and used on the rides and other attractions. It’s $1 per point online, $55-$215 for packages of 60 to 250 points that can be used by multiple people.
What riders say: The Spinning Coaster in Gulf Shores isn’t reviewed on the Captain Coaster website, and most online reviews of The Track focus on the go-karts and Skycoaster. However, smiling kids can be seen riding the coaster in videos like the one below, and several overall reviews describe The Track as fun for families.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices