Profile
Sections
Local
tv
Featured
More From NBC
Follow NBC News
 news Alerts
There are no new alerts at this time
Karol G is now a Bratz doll.
The Colombian singer is the first musical artist to collaborate with the toy brand to create a Bratz doll in her likeness.
The new Karol G collector doll is wearing a look inspired by the rose gold dress the artist wore during the 24th annual Latin Grammy Awards last year, when she won the prestigious album of the year award and best urban music album for "Mañana Será Bonito" as well as best urban fusion/performance for her duet with Shakira "TQG."
“Now I get to share a doll inspired by that very moment in my career,” Karol G said in a statement. “It’s surreal.”
The doll comes with other outfits resembling Karol G's merch from her spinoff album “Mañana Será Bonito (Bichota Season),” which also won best urban music album at this month's Latin Grammys.
“This collaboration is a true labor of love and a celebration for fans across Latin America and beyond,” Karol G said. 
Bratz dolls have a “dedicated fan base in Latin America and Spain who have been with us since the start,” according to Jasmin Larian-Hekmat, the creative director of Bratz, and the new collaboration means to honor those lifelong fans.
Born Carolina Giraldo Navarro, the 33-year-old singer rose to stardom in 2017 following her breakthrough hit featuring Bad Bunny “Ahora Me Llama,” the fifth single of her debut studio album, “Unstoppable,” according to Billboard.
That album earned Karol G her first Latin Grammy, in the best new artist category, solidifying her as one of the leading female Latin urban artists redefining reggaeton and Latin trap, both traditionally male-dominated genres.
Karol G is no stranger to making history. In February, she became the first woman to win a Grammy for best música urbana album. “Mañana Será Bonito” was also the first-ever Spanish-language album by a female artist to hit No. 1 on the Billboard 200. When Karol G embarked on a stadium tour in support of the album's release, she became the first Latina to headline at many of the venues where she performed. 
In March, she became the first Latina to be named Woman of the Year at the Billboard Women in Music awards.
“We’re excited to celebrate a woman and global popstar who has broken barriers across music, fashion and culture,” Larian-Hekmat said of Karol G in a statement.
The doll will be available for purchase in the U.S. and for preorder globally online starting Tuesday.
Nicole Acevedo is a national reporter for NBC News and NBC Latino.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLC