weekend event planner

	Outdoor activities are plentiful this weekend. From a Midtown block party and a kite festival to a 60 mile bike ride and a 5k, those who want to enjoy Houston's spring weather have plenty of options.


	Those looking for indoor activities will find a new stage show that stars Baby Shark, film screenings, and comedy performances. Food and drink lovers may opt for a brewery’s anniversary party or a grand opening celebration for the city’s newest food hall.


	Read on for this weekend’s best bets.

Thursday, April 4
Baby Shark's Big Broadwave Tour!Baby Shark’s Big Broadwave Tour!, a brand-new interactive live stage show featuring characters from the globally beloved, preschool property, follows Baby and his “fincredible” fishy friends on an undersea adventure filled with oceans of fun and “finship.” After Bentley Barracuda plans to tear down the beloved Party Puddle Theatre, Baby and his squiddo friends must dive into action. To save the theater, they will need the audience to help fill the Party Puddle Applause Meter and put on the biggest Broadwave show ever. 6 pm.

Mid Main Houston First Thursday Block PartyIt’s time once again to #EATSHOPROCK, as Mid Main Houston throws its monthly First Thursday Block Party. This month’s street shindig is a benefit for the Galveston Bay Foundation. If you check in and make a $10 donation, you’ll get an all-access wristband to the biggest block party in the Bayou City. Enjoy delicious beer sponsored by Saint Arnold Brewing Company, plus live music, art shows, special activations, and street art. Find wares and goodies rom local vendors at the Winbern Street Market. 6 pm.

The Riot Comedy FestivalThe Riot Comedy Festival & Block Party is back for its second year in Montrose. This annual community event puts on over thirty comedy shows including standup, podcasts, music, a national comedy contest, and more. Famous, national touring comedians such as Robert Kelly, Rocky Dale Davis, Kim Congdon, Tom Thakkar, Jourdain Fisher, and over fifty other performers from across the country will perform on three indoor stages throughout the weekend. 6 pm (4 pm Friday-Sunday).

Friday, April 5
Houston Junior Forum presents The City MarketThe third annual The City Market will feature over 60 handpicked vendors showcasing their one-of-a-kind creations. Attendees looking for some guilt-free retail therapy will find favorites such as A Unique Boutique by Jeanette, Hide and Chic, Getaway Sticks, Boutique By Mariam, Brenham Kitchens, Yumsmith, Donna Wright Designs, Harlan & Ava, La Goulue Chocolatier, Margarita Mercantile, Peran & Scannell, Say Cheese, and Urban Rocks. 10 am.

The Big Bounce AmericaThe Big Bounce America 2024 tour is hitting Houston for a three-day stop. This tour includes eight massive inflatable attractions: the newly expanded 24,000-square-foot World’s Largest Bounce House; the brand-new deep sea foam party inflatable OctoBlast; the 900-foot long obstacle course The Giant; the customized sports arena Sport Slam; and the unique, three-piece, space-themed wonderland airSPACE. 11 am.

Urban South Brewery HTX presents Fourth Anniversary PartyUrban South Brewery Houston will host its Fourth Anniversary Party, featuring live music, food, activities, and a vendor market. Beer enthusiasts are also in for a treat with the release of four exclusive, anniversary specialty beers: Press Start (Czech Pale Lager), Level Up (Old Fashioned Cocktail Sour Ale), High Score (Double IPA), and Game Over (Neapolitan Ice Cream Stout). 11 am (1 pm Saturday and Sunday).
Conservatory Galleria Grand Opening CelebrationInnovative, three-story dining hall Conservatory Galleria, situated in the iconic space formerly known as the Roxy Houston, is celebrating its grand opening with a three-day, action-packed weekend. Attendees can enjoy food, music, diverse entertainment, and much more. There will be a “713 Night Market,” featuring over 35 vendors, on Friday, a “Roxy Reunion,” featuring past Roxy DJs and current DJs, on Saturday; and “Supercars,” featuring incredible cars and Conservatory food vendors, on Sunday. 6 pm (8 pm Saturday; 11 am Sunday).
Saturday, April 6

Sienna Race for the RoséRunners and “funners” can take part in a new chip-timed race in Fort Bend County — the Race for the Rosé, 5K. After the race, runners and members of the No Way 5K Party Patrol can enjoy a finish line celebration, a grape stomping contest, corn hole, fitness vendor booths, hula hooping, and a Bubbly Bar for those age 21 and up. A ticket includes a T-shirt, race bib, finisher’s medal, a glass of rosé, and brunch bites at the finish line. The event benefits Fort Bend Seniors Meals on Wheels, a local non-profit now in its 50th year. 8 am.
Houston Underwater Film FestivalThe Houston Underwater Film Festival aims to promote underwater filmmaking and appreciation of the beauty and diversity of all things underwater, as well as encouraging the art of underwater videography. Underwater videographers from around the world are invited to submit entries for consideration for screening. The top three films in each category, as selected by audience real-time voting, will be announced at the awards reception on Sunday. The judges' top 10 picks will also be announced. 3 pm.
Tony Hinchcliffe: Fully Groan TourFormer Angeleno-turned-Austin-based stand-up comedian Tony Hinchcliffe gained popularity with his 2016 Netflix comedy special, One Shot, which follows Tony in one continuous take. He has worked as a staff writer on several Comedy Central Roasts, and appeared on HBO’s Crashing, Comedy Central’s Unsend, and Fusion’s All Def Roast: Snoop Dog Smoke Out. Hinchcliffe also hosts Kill Tony, his own weekly show and podcast. 7 pm.
The Museum of Fine Arts, Houston presents Moonlight Movies: The Wizard of OzThe MFAH debuts an outdoor movie viewing experience: Moonlight Movies, under the stars on the sloping roof of the Glassell School of Art in the Amphitheater on The Brown Foundation, Inc. Plaza. Relish the beloved classic The Wizard of Oz as Dorothy (Judy Garland) and her friends follow the yellow brick road. Each guest receives a complimentary bag of popcorn, and movie-themed cocktails are available for purchase. 8 pm.
Sunday, April 7
City of Houston presents Tour de HoustonNow in its 17th year, the bike ride offers Houstonians and visitors a way to view the city with routes winding through Houston’s historic neighborhoods, scenic districts, and parks while raising funds for the city’s Re-Plant Houston program. This year, riders may choose from 20, 40, and 60 mile routs that run from downtown to Clear Lake. 7:30 am.

Hermann Park Conservancy Kite FestivalHermann Park Conservancy's Kite Festival will bring a day full of fun and, of course, kite-flying to Hermann Park. Going down over at Miller Hill and along the Jones Reflection Pool, activities will include live music, a DJ, interactive games and activities, face painting and more. This community-favorite event is made possible through contributions from host committee members and sponsors. 10 am.
Artists in Arms presents Crawfish and Colors Anti-GalaIn 2021, Artists in Arms was founded to provide community and opportunity to veterans with an interest in the arts. The Artists in Arms "Anti-Gala" is like a gala, but laid back. At "Crawfish & Colors," people won't be expected to wear a tux, arrive in a limo, or eat cold chicken. Participants will learn about some programs supporting veteran artists and enjoy fresh crawfish, drinks, live music, and camaraderie with the veteran creative community. 11 am.
The coolest of cats
Scott Gertner, one of the most prominent figures in Houston’s music and nightlife scenes, has unexpectedly passed away.
A brief statement by the musician’s family did not share a cause of death. It thanked people for their condolences, asked for privacy, and stated that funeral details would be shared soon. 
Gertner was, without hyperbole, the coolest of cats. As a multi-talented, thrice-Grammy-nominated musician and singer, no one could resist his soulful stylings. As a nightclub owner, he knew how to open up the right spots at the right time. Before its closure in 2010, Scott Gertner’s Skybar was Montrose’s jazz temple in the sky, where people could check out live music while gazing at the stars. (Skybar also attracted celebs like Luther Vandross, Steve Harvey, and Shaquille O’Neal, so the stars weren’t just in the sky.) A decade later, he opened up Scott Gertner’s Rhythm Room on Memorial Dr., luring people in with live grooves and a mouth-watering menu.
In my previous life as a nightlife reporter, Gertner was the person I usually contacted whenever I needed intel on jazz clubs in the city. (I also believe that, during one of these sitdowns, I surprised him one day with a 12-inch single he recorded in the late ‘80s for CBS Records, a lost item I picked up at a nearby record store.) 
But I know I’m not the only person who has sparkling memories featuring Gertner. I reached out to a few friends and asked them what they’ll remember the most about the late, great, swaggerific impresario:
T.J. Callahan, film critic/radio personality: “We had many fantastic CBS Radio Houston Christmas parties at the Skybar. Scott was always the most gracious host and fun performer.
“Also, two of my close friends went to high school at HSPVA with Scott. They are all musicians. During our college years, Scott was playing at the old Ruggles on lower Westheimer, back when everyone cruised that area on the weekends. Every time we passed by the restaurant, my friends and I would scream ‘Gertner’ out the car window, like he was going to hear us and come out and say hi. Hey, we were 18. The boys were so excited Scott had a real gig.”
Russell V. Guess, music producer/former Skybar bartender: “When I tell you I wouldn’t know half the people I know — I wouldn’t have made a good deal of the money I’ve made in my life — and not have had many of the experiences (too many!) that made me who I am if not for this man, it isn’t an exaggeration at all.
“But there’s so much more to remember about the guy. A true artist, bandleader, music lover, and businessman. I soaked up so much game about music and nightlife, a course more valuable than any class I could’ve taken. To know him personally was a privilege not to be taken lightly; he’d hit you with that smile that always said everything his words didn’t. Always the encourager, he supported me in and outside the nightlife. Even after I stopped working for him, we’d still text each other on our birthdays since they were 11 days apart. I was always welcome wherever his venue was located and, if he was there, that smile and a hug was soon to follow.”
Mark Towns, jazz guitarist: “One of the first times I heard Scott play was back in the heyday of Cody’s, when he was on bass and vocals with Paul English’s incredible band. That group was something special — Paul on piano, Kirk Whalum and Johnny Torres on saxophones, and Scott bringing his unique energy and voice to the mix. The vibe was electric at those shows. 
“Later, Scott held down Wednesday nights at Cody’s in the Village, and those nights became legendary. It was the hottest night of the week, and, as the story goes, Scott was making more money that one night than the club owner was making all week. That’s the kind of draw and charisma he had.
“From there, Scott opened the Skybar at the original Cody’s location on Montrose, and I was honored when he hired my Flamenco Jazz trio to play a Wednesday night series there, sponsored by The Wave radio station. We alternated Wednesdays with Joe Carmouche’s excellent trio — great times. He also was the gracious host for the CD release party for my first album, Flamenco Jazz Latino, at Skybar. 
“Back in the late 1980s, way before Skybar and those Village Cody’s Wednesdays, Scott and I played together at the legendary Blues Jam with Ardis Turner (RIP) at Live Bait on Greenbriar — me on guitar and Scott on bass. Too bad there are no recordings of that. We had some wild jams.
“There was a weird kind of synchronicity with Scott — I’d run into him all over Houston, at all hours, in the most random places. It happened often. The last time I saw Scott was at the Rhythm Room last year. We ended up talking for a long while. He was extremely interested in hearing details about some health issues that I had firsthand knowledge about. 
“Scott was a great singer, a great guitarist, a great bassist, and a powerful presence on stage and off. As a performer, a businessman, a leader, and a cultural force, Scott Gertner enriched Houston’s music world. I’m grateful our paths crossed.”