By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:12, 27 September 2024   |  Updated:  15:09, 27 September 2024   
 277
View  comments
Kendall Jenner made her triumphant return to Paris Fashion Week over the weekend.
But now the supermodel, 28, is being slammed online for her 'uncomfortable' look at Thursday's star-studded Schiaparelli show.
A video uploaded to Instagram by Vogue showed Jenner hanging out backstage in an extremely tight corset bodysuit.
Her bust nearly spilled out of the sides of the sleeveless one-piece, which was styled with low-rise dark denim jeans for the runway.
Fans quickly flooded the post's comment section to remark on how 'uncomfortable' Jenner appeared while also calling the bodysuit's design 'torture.'
Kendall Jenner is being slammed online for her 'uncomfortable' look at Thursday's star-studded Schiaparelli show
A video uploaded to Instagram by Vogue showed Jenner hanging out backstage in an extremely tight corset bodysuit
'Kendall's look, looks strange and uncomfortable,' wrote one concerned Instagram user.
Another added: 'She looks beyond uncomfortable. You can literally see it in her face.'
Although the bodysuit highlighted Jenner's cleavage and waist, fans still found the shape to be 'extremely unflattering' on the 5foot10inch beauty.
Due to how constricted Kendall's midsection looked in Vogue's clip, one Kardashian-Jenner fan playfully begged her to 'just breathe!'
Another wondered: 'Can she even breathe?'
Although her look didn't get much love online, Kendall did have the support of her little sister Kylie Jenner and a slew of A-list stars front row at the Schiaparelli show.
Kylie, 27, arrived in a figure-hugging black dress with a perilously low-cut neckline and white criss cross detailing in the halter neck design. 
She boosted her height with a pair of towering black heels and wore her brunette tresses in a perfect bouncy blow dry. 
Meanwhile Kendall covered up in a long trench coat as she left the show arm-in-arm with Kylie.
A post shared by Vogue (@voguemagazine)
Fans quickly flooded the post's comment section to remark on how 'uncomfortable' Jenner appeared while also calling the bodysuit's design 'torture'
Earlier in the day Kylie and Kendall headed out in Paris amid the city's Fashion Week.
The sisters looked stylish as they arrived for lunch at Zeffirino restaurant, which serves traditional Italian cuisine.
Kylie put on a racy display in a perilously short brown miniskirt and went braless in an undone shirt.
Kendall meanwhile looked elegant in a structured blue blazer and matching pencil skirt.
Over the weekend, Kendall walked on the catwalk for L'Oreal after overcoming her crippling anxiety.
The supermodel has been notably absent from the catwalk during both the earlier London and Milan fashion weeks this season, walking only in the Alaia show in New York at the beginning of the month.
However, Kendall proved she is still a force to be reckoned with as she stormed the runway alongside icons including Heidi Klum, Eva Longoria and Cara Delevingne.
Although her look didn't get much love online, Kendall did have the support of her little sister Kylie and a slew of A-list stars front row at Thursday's Schiaparelli show
They left the show together, with Kendall wrapped up in a trench coat
The show marked Kendall's catwalk debut for her new blonde locks, which she first revealed a couple of weeks ago after undergoing a hair transformation.
Kendall's PFW appearance comes after Us Weekly revealed that she's taken a step back from her relationship with Bad Bunny and is spending time with ex-boyfriend Devin Booker.
She had previously reconnected with the Puerto Rican music artist, 30, in the summer after dating each other from February-December 2023.
'They’re still friendly but have taken a step back and aren’t dating,' an insider dished to the outlet earlier this week.
It was also said that Jenner and Bad Bunny, whose real name is Benito Ocasio, 'were more serious after their short break' earlier this year, 'but it ultimately didn’t work out long-term.'
Following May's Met Gala, the duo were spotted back together, and in June they continued seeing each other during Paris Fashion Week.
Following time spent in Europe over the summer with the hitmaker, Kendall 'decided she wanted space' according to Us Weekly's source.
Over the weekend, Kendall walked on the catwalk for L'Oreal after overcoming her crippling anxiety; seen Monday
Kendall attended The Row show on Wednesday
The reality television personality has been 'hanging out with' Booker, who was her boyfriend from 2020-2022.
They were seen together at Miami haunt The Surf Club earlier this month.
The person close to Jenner's situation said, 'She wants to stay single for now,' adding, 'Kendall isn’t ready to be tied down at the moment and is enjoying this era.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group