By 

	Ethan Millman


Lana Del Rey, Tyler, the Creator, and Doja Cat will headline Coachella this year, the festival announced on Tuesday, with the shows set to take place in Indio, California, on the weekends of April 12-14 and April 19-21. No Doubt, which teased a reunion just before Coachella’s lineup dropped, is also listed on the lineup in a similar slot that in the past two years had high-profile acts Calvin Harris and Swedish House Mafia. 

	Prior to her upcoming headlining slot, Del Rey last played Coachella in 2014 and was slated to play the 2020 edition before the pandemic canceled the festival. She appeared to tease a return to Coachella on her Instagram on Jan. 1, posting a picture from the 2014 performance alongside the audio for her song “Coachella — Woodstock in My Mind.”

	Meanwhile, Tyler joined Kali Uchis onstage last year to perform their collaboration “See You Again” from his 2017 album, Flower Boy. He has performed at Coachella multiple times, as a guest artist as well as for his own sets with Odd Future and as a solo artist. 

	










	Doja Cat last performed at Coachella in 2022 for the festival’s first year back from Covid, where she played one of the standout sets of the entire weekend. 

	Gwen Stefani teased a No Doubt reunion earlier Tuesday in an Instagram post, with the band members convening on a video call saying they wanted to play a show. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	







A post shared by No Doubt (@nodoubt)

	Coachella 2024 is set to include other major acts such as Blur, Ice Spice, Lil Uzi Vert, Deftones, Bebe Rexha, Bleachers, Grimes, Jhené Aiko, and Reneé Rapp. 

	Coachella’s lineup continues to take on more global acts as genres from around the world continue to take over the charts in the U.S. K-Pop group Ateez, who secured their first Number One album on the Billboard 200 last year, will perform at Coachella for the first time. Several heavy hitters from the Latin music world are also playing, including J Balvin, Peso Pluma, and Bizarrap, continuing a trend of Latin artists performing at the festival. In recent years, Mexican artists Grupo Firme, Becky G, and Los Tucanes de Tijuana have taken slots on the main stage. Bad Bunny made history last year as the first Spanish-language artist to headline Coachella.
D.A.N.C.ERegister now for access to passes at https://t.co/qujCsdlTip. Presale begins Friday, 1/19 at 11am PT. pic.twitter.com/DlApQGXnBb
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.