By MATT DEMARCO FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  07:27, 14 May 2024   |  Updated:  08:20, 14 May 2024   
 13
View  comments
Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky has shared a sneak peek inside the family's elaborate home gym as she worked out with their children.
The actress, 47, took to Instagram on Tuesday to film herself and her kids India, 11, and Sasha, nine, exercising in the well-appointed gym at their Byron Bay home.
Giving a glimpse inside the sprawling gym, Elsa showed off the space's many weight machines, including rowing machines and a full rack of dumbell weights.
It was also set up for a range of cardio activities as the fully-kitted out space also boasted exercise bikes and treadmills.
Elsa filmed herself doing bodyweight squats, before giving a glimpse at her dedicated children joining in with her exercise regime.
Chris Hemsworth 's wife Elsa Pataky has shared a sneak peek inside the family's elaborate home gym as she worked out with their children (pictured: Elsa and her son Sasha) 
The actress, 47, took to Instagram on Tuesday to film herself and her kids India (pictured), 11, and Sasha, nine, exercising in the well-appointed gym at their Byron Bay home 
India and Sasha were both seen scaling a climbing rope hanging from the gym's ceiling, before doing push-ups and setting a brisk pace on the treadmills.
Later, Sasha showcased his boxing skills with the punching bag as they all got involved in the family workout.
In the caption, Elsa wrote: 'Morning train with my gang!' 
Fans took to the comments to express their admiration for the family of fitness fanatics.
Later, Sasha showcased his boxing skills with the punching bag as they all got involved in the family workout 
'It is obvious that they are the children of Thor,' joked one follower.
'Of course Thor's kids are climbing a rope like it's nothing. Epic,' wrote another.
Echoing these sentiments, another Instagram user said, 'the next generation of Thor.' 
'What's a yearly membership worth?' another fan asked, referencing the home gym's vast size and impressive equipment.
Fans took to the comments to express their admiration for the family of fitness fanatics as they joked about the kids being the 'children of Thor', referencing Chris' superhero movie role 
As well as India and Sasha, Elsa and Chris also share another son Tristan, who is Sasha's twin brother.
Elsa's post comes just more than a week after she and Chris stunned onlookers at this year's Met Gala.
The Hollywood actor, 40, and his Spanish wife made their Met Gala debut at New York's biggest night of fashion and were among the first to grace the red carpet.
Looking like Greek gods, Chris and Elsa walked hand-in-hand and opted for similar coloured looks for fashion's night of nights.
It comes just a week after Elsa and Chris stunned onlookers in New York as they arrived at this year's Met Gala. Both pictured 
 The Hollywood actor, 40, and his Spanish wife, 47, made their Met Gala debut at the biggest night of fashion and were among the first to grace the red carpet
Elsa looked incredible in a shimmering gold long-sleeved, turtleneck gown that hugged her figure before skirting from her hips.
The model opted for bold evening make-up with a golden eyeshadow palette, while accessorising with Tom Ford gold cuff bangles on each wrist and Bulgari Serpenti rings.
Chris echoed his wife's look in a pale beige three-piece suit by Tom Ford and a white shirt that was buttoned down to show off his pecs and a long, gold chain hanging from his neck.
The Thor star, who was the Met Gala co-chair alongside Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya and Bad Bunny, flashed one of his expensive luxury watches from his $1million collection and sported several chunky rings on his fingers.
Looking like Greek gods, Chris and Elsa walked hand-in-hand and opted for similar coloured looks for fashion's night of nights

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group