His upcoming sixth studio album is set to drop in the new year.

													By
												

	Isabela Raygoza

Associate Editor, Billboard Español

	After teasing on X on Wednesday (Dec. 25) night 17 “bomba” tracks, Bad Bunny announced his much-anticipated sixth studio album, Debí Tirar Más Fotos — which translates to “I should’ve taken more pictures” — signaled by the initials “DTmF.” The set is to be released on Sunday, Jan. 5.

	The upcoming album news was made through a teaser video that includes Jacobo Morales, a prominent Puerto Rican film director, reminiscing about his treasured moments with his friend “Concho.” Bad Bunny “recalls once believing it was essential to live in the moment, but as he grows older, it has become harder to remember certain things. Now, he wishes he had taken more photos and lived more deeply,” according to the press release.

	










	But there’s more. The announcement is accompanied by a poignant new single titled “Pitorro de Coco” — named after a holiday rum beverage — which debuted on Thursday (Dec. 26). With this track, Bad Bunny further embraces his cultural roots with a pure jíraba rhythm, an evocative traditional Afro-Caribbean genre. Produced by MAG, Tainy and La Paciencia, and penned by Benito himself, the song features a heartfelt narrative set during the Christmas season. It explores themes of loneliness and nostalgia as the new year approaches, weaving in elements from Chuíto el de Bayamón’s iconic Christmas song from his album, Música Jíbara Para Las Navidades — a singer born in Bayamón, Puerto Rico in 1900.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Previously, Bad Bunny released “EL CLúB,” which combines house music with plena-styled guitar, further encapsulating a yearning for a past era that remains dear to Benito. The single debuted at No. 2 on the Hot Latin Songs chart.

	Listen to “Pitorro de Coco” and check out the teaser video featuring Jacobo Morales below.
A post shared by Benito Antonio (@badbunnypr)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.