Suki Waterhouse and Robert Pattinson are the antidote to celebrities’ manicured displays of public affection.
For example: Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny were at none of the Vogue World: Paris after-parties. The on-again couple instead went on a private midnight tour of the Louvre. He took photos of her standing barefoot before Paolo Veronese’s Le nozze di Cana—a Renaissance painting depicting the wedding feast where Jesus was said to have turned water into wine–and she posted it to the grid. The miracle of their reunion went on to accrue more than 3 million likes in less than 24 hours.
It is no coincidence that this duo has been photographed in an accretion of coordinating outfits since reuniting. The spectacle of a celeb romance is mediated through images like these. See Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce exiting the Chiltern firehouse in his and hers crochet knits, and just about everything that A$AP Rocky and Rihanna have ever been papped wearing. These people are dressing for themselves and for the cameras, and the “Couple Goals!” headlines write themselves.
Suki Waterhouse and Robert Pattinson, meanwhile, were photographed strolling through Los Angeles yesterday afternoon wearing an unremarkable, haphazard assortment of clothing that most sleep-deprived parents will relate to. (Waterhouse in a dog-walking jacket, a Tommy Hilfiger teem and sweatpants; Pattinson in a khaki shirt, an MC Esher–printed tee, and Adidas shorts.) These two are not dressing for public entertainment, but for the comfort of their own private bubble. Talk about couple goals.
This article first appeared on British Vogue.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices