BySughnen Yongo
BySughnen Yongo,
 Contributor. 
American actor Alan Ladd reading to his daughter Alana circa 1948.
Children’s books are bodies of work that thrive on specificity. With just the right use of humor, wit, and alliteration, authors like Theodor Seuss Geisel, Lewis Carroll, and Margaret Atwood, among others, have created some of the best books for young readers of all time. The authors featured in this list have become successful because they understand that children need stories that provide comfort, teach valuable lessons, and capture their imagination. These authors recognize that children are drawn to characters they can relate to, adventures that excite them, and narratives that offer a sense of wonder. Here are some of the top children’s books of 2024.
Many older readers who are now parents will agree that when it comes to well-known children’s books, most families have a soft spot for the classics. Books like The Tale of Peter Rabbit by Beatrix Potter, Green Eggs and Ham by Theodor Seuss Geisel, and Charlotte's Web by E.B. White represent different eras in time as they pertain to children’s literature. Regardless, they have remained childhood relics, passed on from one generation to the next.
The rankings for this list are based on reader reviews, legacy and critical acclaim. Authors like J.K. Rowling, Dr. Seuss, and Roald Dahl have consistently topped these types of lists because of their directional and compelling approach to the art form.
Some of the best children’s authors are good at what they do because they weave their craft into a real problem that their target audience faces. In Where The Wild Things Are, writer and illustrator Maurice Bernard Sendak tells the illustrative story of Max, a rambunctious young child who puts on a wolf costume and causes a mess in the home. His parents send him to bed without supper, and then the story unfolds. In this book, Sendak’s use of illustration captures the imagination of the readers, but he also sends a message about the big feelings young children face and how those big feelings can be normal and healthy responses to the world around them, as long as they are expressed appropriately. The book is available at HarperCollinsPublishers.
Which type of kid would like this book: Children who are 2 years old and older and enjoy being active and expressive would find this book validating.
Los Angeles Philharmonic conductor Gustavo Dudamel conducts Olive Knussen's "Where the Wild Things ... More Are" at Walt Disney Concert Hall on Thursday, Oct. 11, 2012.
Shel Silverstein’s 1964 children’s picture book, The Giving Tree, became popular globally because of its polarizing storyline. In the book, Silverstein tells the story of a young boy who develops a close friendship with a tree, the giving tree. Over the years, the boy repeatedly returns to the tree when he needs a favor. Regardless, the tree continues to give until it is depleted. Several critics have viewed the relationship between the boy and the tree in Silverstein’s story as manipulative and even abusive, but it has remained one of the most recognized children’s stories of all time. The book is available at HarperCollinsPublishers.
Which type of kid would like this book: Kids between the ages of 6 and 8 who love being in nature will find this book fascinating.
Dr. Seuss makes his first entry on this list with 1957’s How the Grinch Stole Christmas, a classic book about an ill-mannered and sour-tempered grinch who lives in the mountains alone, overlooking a merry town called Whoville. In fact, the Grinch is so unhappy with the merry residents of Whoville, the Whos, that he sets out to put an end to Christmas once and for all. What he will find, instead, is redemption from his gruff ways. The most important lesson in this book is that it teaches kids that often times, people who seem ill-tempered and angry just need to feel a sense of inclusion and belonging. The book is available at Penguin Random House.
Which type of kid would like this book: Kids between the ages of 3 and 8 who love Christmas-themed stories.
Chicka Chicka Boom Boom is another children’s classic that uses creativity and engagement to make alphabet-learning interesting for children. The plot of the book revolves around the letters of the alphabet, which are personified as lowercase letters, climbing up a coconut tree. The rhythm and repetition throughout the book add an extra appeal that most young learners cannot help but enjoy. The book creates a fun and engaging read-aloud experience for parents, caretakers and their young ones. The story concludes with the capital letters coming to the rescue, helping their lowercase colleagues recover from their fall. Martin and Archambault teach an important lesson with this book: that learning does not have to be a bore. This book is available on Simon & Schuster and was published in 1989.
Which type of kid would like this book: Kids between the ages of 2 and 6 will love this fun and engaging book.
President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama read "Chicka Chicka Boom Boom" to children ... More during the White House Easter Egg Roll on April 25, 2011 in Washington, DC.
One of the most endearing bears in fictional history is Winnie-the-Pooh. This classic story, published in 1926, introduces readers to the whimsical world of the Hundred Acre Wood and its charming inhabitants, including Winnie-the-Pooh, Piglet, Eeyore and Tigger. The story revolves around Pooh’s simple yet memorable adventures, including his attempts to get honey and his playful encounters with his friends and the challenges that they face. Ernest H. Shepard’s iconic illustrations further captures the beauty and innocence of this story. Milne shows the purest form of friendship through this story. This book has since grown into a book series and is available at Penguin Random House.
Which type of kid would like this book: Winnie-the-Pooh is the kind of book that children who enjoy themes of friendship will love. This book is perfect for children who are between the ages of 3 and 8.
Beatrix Potter’s The Tale of Peter Rabbit is a classic children’s story that has fascinated readers since its publication in 1901. The story follows the story of a mischievous young rabbit named Peter, who lives with his mother and three siblings—Flopsy, Mopsy and Cotton-tail—in a cozy burrow. Readers will find Peter Rabbit’s escapades in Mr. McGregor’s vegetable garden compelling. Despite Pater Rabbit’s mother’s warnings to stay away from the garden, Peter’s curiosity leads him into trouble as he sneaks in to feast on the delicious vegetables. Potter teaches a valuable lesson with this book: it is always better to obey. The book is available at Penguin Random House.
Which type of kid would like this book: The Tale of Peter Rabbit is a good book for children who like adventure and are open to learning to be good listeners.
An assistant holds a first edition of "The Tale of Peter Rabbit" by Beatrix Potter at Dreweatts and ... More Bloomsbury Auctions on July 27, 2016 in London.
Margaret Wise Brown’s The Runaway Bunny is a fan-favorite that Brown published in 1942, with illustrations by Clement Hurd. The story follows the love that exists between a mother and her child through the story of a bunny that decides to run away from home. In the story, the bunny tells his mother that he plans to run away, and his mother, responds by reassuring him that if he were to ever run away, she would follow him. This conversation inspires a series of imaginative scenarios where the bunny transforms into various creatures and objects to escape, but each time, his mother counters with how she will find and care for him in each situation. The story underscores the need for young children to feel loved and cared for, and through the story, Brown shows what a healthy bond looks like between a child and a caregiver. The book is available at HarperCollinsPublisher.
Which type of kid would like this book: This is a good fit for kids between the ages of 2 and 7 who appreciate knowing that their parents love them unconditionally.
Leave it up to Dr. Seuss to inspire children to tap into their vast imaginations. Oh, the Places You'll Go! is a rhyming monologue that follows the story of a young protagonist who is embarking on an exciting journey. The story begins with the protagonist setting off on an adventure of optimism about the boundless opportunities and experiences that lie ahead. As usual, Dr. Seuss uses vivid, imaginative landscapes to show readers the different aspects of travel, from soaring high in times of success to navigating the tougher aspects of life. Dr. Seuss teaches a valuable lesson in this book: there is no limit to what kids can accomplish and even when life gets hard, the opportunities are still endless. The book is available at Penguin Random House.
Which type of kid would like this book: This is a good fit for kids between the ages of 3 and 7 who are inspired by their boundless imagination and the endless possibilities.
Tournament of Roses Association President Sally Bixby opens the 124th annual Tournament of Roses ... More Parade themed "Oh, the Places You'll Go!" on January 1, 2013 in Pasadena, California.
The Real Mother Goose series is a staple in Children’s literature that has been passed down from one generation to the next. The book contains an anthology of nursery rhymes and catchy songs for children of all ages that was first published in 1916, but has since become one of the most well-loved children’s books of rhymes of all time. Although the real identity of Mother Goose is not certain, the brand has had a generational influence on children's literature. Whether inspired by a historical figure or solely folklore, Mother Goose represents the timeless tradition of storytelling that continues to appeal to young readers worldwide.
Which type of kid would like this book: This is a good fit for kids who are newborn up to 6 years old and enjoy music and nursery rhymes. The book is available at Scholastic.
Ezra Jack Keats captures the imagination of young readers through his book, The Snowy Day. The beloved children’s classic was first published in 1962 but has remained timeless because of its simple yet relatable storyline. In the book, Keats tells the story of Peter, who wakes up to find that there is a snow day. As Peter steps out into the snow, he delights in making tracks with his feet, creating snow angels, and building a snowman. He experiences the thrill of sliding down a snowy hill and the joy of seeing the world through new eyes. In this book, Keats leans into the perspective of his target audience, the young reader, and inspires them to keep living in child-like wonder. This is a perfect book for children between the ages of 3 and 8.
Which type of kid would like this book: This is a good fit for kids who love snow and are excited about playing outside. The book is available at Penguin Random House.
First published in 1997, Steven Kellogg’s version of the well-known folktale gives a hilarious twist to the adventures of the three little pigs and their encounters with the big bad wolf, Tempesto. Kellogg’s version of this story shows the three little pigs as business owners who are thriving at what they do—that is, until the wolf shows up. Tempesto is determined to ruin the lives of the three wolves, but they are even more determined to stick together in spite of the tough times, and that is ultimately what saves them. This engaging version of the classic tale teaches the importance of having a community, working hard and staying resilient.
Which type of kid would like this book: This is a good fit for kids who like engaging books with elements of thrill and excitement. The book is available at HarperCollinsPublisher.
American film producer Walt Disney holds a Mickey Mouse Club edition of the "Three Little Pigs" ... More story, circa 1955.
Ludwig Bemelmans’ 1939 book Madeline is a fan-favorite children’s book that follows the adventures of a spunky and spirited young lady called Madeline. The plot of the story unfolds in Madeline’s Paris-based boarding school. Madeline is part of a group of 12 girls whose story the book follows as they navigate life in boarding school. Madeline, the most petite in size and also the most daring of the group, navigates life with boldness, confidence and poise. This book is known for its coming-of-age themes and its emphasis on the importance of confidence and grit even in the face of challenges.
Which type of kid would like this book: Kids who are drawn to coming-of-age stories and are between the ages of 3 and 7 will enjoy this book. This book is available at Penguin Random House.
First published in 1997, J.K. Rowling invites readers to the enchanting beginning of the globally renowned Harry Potter series. The book introduces readers to Harry Potter, an 11-year-old orphan living with his neglectful aunt, uncle and cousin, the Dursleys. His life changes dramatically when he receives a letter informing him that he is a wizard and has been accepted to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. As Harry enters the magical world, he discovers his true heritage and learns that his parents were powerful wizards who were murdered by the dark wizard Lord Voldemort. This piece of information forever alters the trajectory of his life.
Which type of kid would like this book: Kids who are drawn to coming-of-age stories and are fascinated by character-building will find this book engaging. It is appropriate for older kids between the ages of 8 and older. This book is available at Scholastic.
Christies auction house showcasing Harry Potter's magician's wand as used in "Harry Potter & the ... More Sorcerers Stone" on November 23, 2012 in London.
A Wrinkle in Time by Madeleine L’Engle, published in 1962, is a science fiction novel that has all of the makings of a perfect book for older kids, including an imaginative plot and complex characters. The story follows the journey of Meg Murry, a strong-willed young girl, her younger brother Charles Wallace, and their friend Calvin O’Keefe as they embark on a cosmic adventure to rescue Meg’s father from evil forces. The book has all of the heartwarming themes of unconditional love, selflessness and teamwork. This book is appropriate for readers between the ages of 8 and 12.
Which type of kid would like this book: Young readers who appreciate books with themes of science fiction will enjoy this book, which is available at Macmillan Publishers.
C.S. Lewis created something special with The Chronicles of Narnia. The franchise, which includes seven fantasy novels, has captured the hearts of readers of all ages since the first book, The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe, was published in 1950. It is rare to see a body of work that manages to interest people of various age groups, yet, somehow, Lewis’ magical Narnia does just that by relying on universally appealing themes of adventure, friendship and the eternal struggle between good and evil.
Which type of kid would like this book: Readers with a palette for stories with universally compelling themes will enjoy this literal masterpiece. This body of work is available at HarperCollinsPublishers.
Roald Dahl’s 1964 book Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is arguably his literary crowning glory. The incredible world of Willy Wonka’s chocolate factory, filled with brow-raising inventions and quirky characters, has managed to leave an unforgettable impression on the imagination of readers who have passed it on to their children (and grandchildren). In this book, Dahl combined an acute ability to tell stories with humor and fantasy, creating a timeless classic that continues to impress both children and adults alike.
Which type of kid would like this book: Readers who like out-of-the-box storytelling will find what they are looking for in the world of Willy Wonka. This book is available at Penguin Random House.
L.M. Montgomery’s Anne of Green Gables tells the story of Anne Shirley, an outspoken orphan with a wild imagination and a troubled childhood. Following the death of her parents, Anne is forced to move from one orphanage to another. L.M. Montgomery’s portrayal of Anne’s vibrant personality, her struggles to fit in, and her growth into a confident young woman gives the book a well-rounded perspective. The book’s strong character development makes it a well-loved read that many readers resonated with. Anne of Green Gables was published in 1908 and is available at Simon & Schuster.
Which type of kid would like this book: Readers between the ages of 8 and 12 who like to get a glimpse into the past, including the customs, lifestyles, and social norms, will like Anne of Green Gables.
Dr. Seuss’s The Cat in the Hat is one of the most well-respected works of children’s literature of all time. Dr. Seuss’ signature use of playful rhymes and storytelling skill sees the protagonist, the mischievous cat, turn a rainy day into an adventure for two children. The book underscores the importance of turning a negative experience into a positive one and acknowledges the importance of fun and creativity. The use of alliteration and rhythm, coupled with the vibrant illustrations, make it an engaging read-aloud experience for young children. Although the book was published in 1957, it remains a classic.
Which type of kid would like this book: Readers between the ages of 2 and 6 will enjoy all of the energy contained in this book, which is available at Penguin Random House.
American author and illustrator Dr. Seuss sits at his drafting table in his home office with a copy ... More of his book, "The Cat in the Hat" in La Jolla, California, on April 25, 1957.
Lupita Nyong’o’s 2019 book Sulwe is a self-affirming picture book that addresses issues of self-love, acceptance and the importance of diversity. Through the story of a young girl named Sulwe, Nyong’o encourages children to embrace their unique sense of self and to feel worthy of love, acceptance and belonging. In a world where diversity and inclusion are controversial topics, it is important for children who are underrepresented to feel that they belong, and Nyong’o offers that.
Which type of kid would like this book: Readers between the ages of 3 and 8 who care about representation will enjoy the message in Sulwe. The book is available at Simon & Schuster.
Eric Carle’s The Very Hungry Caterpillar follows the journey of a caterpillar who transforms into a butterfly after consuming everything within his site in increments. The book’s vibrant collage-style illustrations and layout introduce young readers to the concepts of math, counting, days of the week and the life cycle of a caterpillar. Its interactive design also makes it a fun and engaging reading experience for young readers who are curious learners.
Which type of kid would like this book: Adaptive young readers between the ages of 1 and 5 who appreciate vibrant designs will enjoy reading this book. The book is available now at Penguin Random House.
Margaret Wise Brown’s calming Goodnight Moon has traditionally been a bedtime must-have for families for several decades. The book’s repetitive structure offers young readers an opportunity to calm down for the day. In this book, published in 1947, Brown offers children the calming, softer side of life and lulls them to a peaceful sleep.
Which type of kid would like this book: Readers three and older who enjoy soothing bedtime stories that appeal to their sensory system will enjoy this book. The book is available at HarperCollinsPublishers.
A diorama with Peeps based on the children's book "Goodnight Moon" by Margaret Wise Brown created by ... More MaryLea Harris of Fairfax, Virginia.
Roald Dahl’s Matilda is the story of a brilliant, misunderstood young girl with neglectful parents and a power-hungry headmistress. Matilda’s intelligence and resilience seem impressive, but after getting attacked by a Trunchbull, she discovers that she has something even more impressive: telekinetic powers. Soon after she finds this out, her life—and the plot of the story— takes a drastic turn. Dahl’s dark humor, coupled with Quentin Blake’s memorable illustrations, creatively collide to create a book that addresses serious themes such as child neglect and the moral angle of good triumphing over evil. The book is available at Penguin Random House.
Which type of kid would like this book: Young readers between the ages of 9 and 12 who have a strong sense of justice from an early age will find this book compelling.
Since its publication in 1865, Lewis Carroll’s Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland is a timeless story of a young girl named Alice who tumbles down a rabbit hole into a fantastical world and discovers a vast world of zany absurdity. This book has become a cornerstone of children’s literature and has an undeniable and enduring legacy. Carroll’s whimsical imagination, strange characters and playful use of language have appealed to readers of all ages from one generation to the next, making it a classic. The book is available at HarperCollinsPublishers.
Which type of kid would like this book: Curious young readers between the ages of 4 and 12 who enjoy nonsense and creative freedom will find Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland appealing.
Lewis Carroll's "Alice in Wonderland" as illustrated by John Tenniel. 
Who knew that a tiny mouse named Stuart would make such a big impression on so many children and their families? In this book, published in 1945, White blends everyday realism with fantastical elements, creating a fictional world where a mouse named Stuart can drive a tiny car and interact with humans on equal terms. This imaginative approach adds depth and charm to the story. Although he is born to a family of humans, lives in New York City, and has experienced lots of adventure, his biggest task comes when his friend Margalo the bird goes missing and he has to find her. In this book, White focuses on some of his favorite themes: friendship, love and loyalty. Stuart Little is available at HarperCollinsPublishers.
Which type of kid would like this book: Readers between the ages of 5 and 9 who enjoy stories that humanize animals will enjoy this book.
Laura Ingalls Wilder’s Little House on the Prairie is a cherished piece of American children’s literature that gives readers a vivid portrayal of the simplicity and straight-forwardness of frontier life. As part of the Little House series, this book recounts the experiences of the Ingalls family as they travel westward and settle on the prairie. Young Laura Ingalls is the protagonist and she does acts as a literary tour guide for readers, introducing them to the challenges, triumphs and simplicity of growing up in the late 19th century. Wilder teaches themes of family unity, friendship and hard work in this book. Although the book was published in 1935, it remains one of the most well-respected pieces of classic literature to this day. This book is available at HarperCollinsPublisher.
Which type of kid would like this book: Readers between the ages of 6 and 11 who are curious about what life was like over a century ago will love reading this book.
Bottom Line
The books on this list offer more than just entertainment; they provide young readers with the opportunity to read classics from different eras, face challenges alongside relatable characters and learn important life lessons in engaging and memorable ways. Whether they’re following Harry Potter into the magical halls of Hogwarts, cheering on the resilient Matilda, or furrowing their brows at Alice’s quirky experiences in Wonderland, these books create excitement, humor, and wonder, ensuring that young readers are not only captivated but also inspired to think, dream, and grow.
The best things to look for in books for 3-year-olds are straightforward storylines and vibrant and engaging illustrations. Here are some good examples:
Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See? By Bill Martin Jr. and Eric Carle (1967): This classic book uses rhythmic repetition and colorful illustrations to captivate young minds while teaching them about different animals and colors.
Goodnight Moon by Margaret Wise Brown (1947): This is the perfect bedtime story. The calming storyline, accompanied by beautiful illustrations, helps ease children into a peaceful slumber.
The best things to look for in books for 4-year-olds are stories with predictable patterns as well as familiar daily routines and situations that they can relate to. Here are some good examples:
The Gruffalo By Julia Donaldson (1999): This engaging story about a clever mouse outwitting predators with tales of a mythical creature is perfect for 4-year-olds because of its witty rhymes and eye-catching illustrations.
We're All Wonders by R.J. Palacio (2017): This beautifully illustrated picture book introduces the themes of kindness, empathy and acceptance.
Where the Wild Things Are by Maurice Sendak (1963): This made an earlier appearance in this article, but this classic tale of imagination, this story follows Max's adventures in a land of wild creatures, celebrating the power of creativity and the comfort of home.
The best things to look for in books for 5-year-olds are stories that are designed for early readers with simple sentences and familiar words that can build confidence. Some good examples are:
If You Give a Mouse a Cookie by Laura Numeroff (1985): Numeroff's delightful, circular tale follows the consequences of giving a mouse a cookie, which encourages older children coming out of their toddler years to think about the concept of cause and effect.
Dragons Love Tacos by Adam Rubin (2012): This is a fun story about dragons who adore tacos (but can’t handle spicy salsa) and offers plenty of laughs and much-needed food-related humor.
The best things to look for in books for 6-year-olds are books that have a bit more text and illustrations which can be a good transition from picture books. Some examples are:
Charlotte's Web by E.B. White (1952): This is a heartwarming story about the friendship between a pig named Wilbur and a spider named Charlotte. It introduces children to themes of loyalty and sacrifice.
The Tale of Peter Rabbit by Beatrix Potter (1902): This book also made the list in this article. It follows the adventures and misadventures of a mischievous rabbit, featuring beautiful illustrations and gentle life lessons.
The best things to look for in books for 7-year-olds are books that have longer chapters as well as engaging and complex plots. Some examples are:
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory by Roald Dahl (1964): This imaginative story of a boy's visit to Willy Wonka's magical chocolate factory is full of creativity and delightful characters.
Junie B. Jones series by Barbara Park (1992-): These humorous and relatable stories about spirited kindergartener Junie B. Jones provides early chapter-book readers with unforgettable laugh-out-loud moments and doses of reality.
The best things to look for in books for 8-year-olds are books with more complex language and sophisticated plots. Some great examples in this category are:
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone by J.K. Rowling (1997): J.K. Rowling uses this book as a way to usher readers into the beloved and magical world of Harry Potter; a world full of adventure, friendship and bravery.
Matilda by Roald Dahl (1988):  In Matilda, Roald Dahl tells the inspiring story of a brilliant girl with telekinetic powers who overcomes the cruelty in her life by leaning on her superpower and tapping into intelligence and kindness.
The best things to look for in books for 10-year-olds are books with detailed plots and well-developed characters. Some examples are:
Percy Jackson & the Olympians: The Lightning Thief by Rick Riordan (2005): Percy Jackson, a 12-year-old boy with dyslexia and ADHD, discovers he is a demigod, the son of Poseidon. He sets out on a mission to prevent a war among the gods.
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone by J.K. Rowling (1997): Harry Potter, an orphan living with his cruel aunt and uncle, learns on his 11th birthday that he is a wizard. He is invited to attend Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where he discovers his true heritage, which changes his life forever.