Eternally screaming @ Khloé's description of the Skims nipple bra.
While it seems like The Kardashians season 4 just premiered, the finale actually aired a while ago — and season 5 is nearly approaching. No, like, it's coming out at the end of the month... which means we'll be tuned into the A-list family's glamorous life with Skims on and takeout in hand. 
In previous seasons, we've had exclusive looks at the Met Gala, backstage passes to Blink-182 concerts, and full-on access to Kylie's private jet, so you already know season 5 is going to take us on a whole other journey. By doing some Girl Kardashian Math™️, we can guesstimate what iconic moments we can expect to see on the fifth season of our fave reality TV show. 
So glad you asked! Hulu revealed that season 5 of the reality show will hit the streamer on Thursday, 23rd May — just in time for summer! In the UK, we can watch The Kardashians on Disney+
 So far, each season of The Kardashians has had 10 episodes exactly, so it's safe to assume season 5 would be the same.
Yep, so glad you asked! First, Kourtney was very pregnant with Baby Barker, so we're definitely going to see her baby shower in season 5 since it was revealed in the trailer. We'll also see Kris break some emotional and scary news about a cyst to her fam while Kim entered her acting era on American Horror Story.
Kendall's ex, Bad Bunny, hasn't made an appearance yet, but who knows, maybe we'll get to see some Benito. Same thing goes for Kylie's boyfriend Timotheé Chalamet. Similarly, Kim and Odell Beckham Jr. were rumoured to be "hanging out" at one point, so we could potentially see him in the new season, too. But! Who knows!
The TV show is airing on Hulu in the US, but for UK based Kardashian fans, episodes are available weekly on Disney+. The first episode of the series will drop on the 23rd May.  
SIGN UP NOW FOR DISNEY PLUS
Kris with a bob was not on my bingo card for today
Kendall goes topless in tiny thong bikini bottoms
SKIMS Swim has officially re-entered the chat
Behold: Khloé's clever trick for masking oily hair
Kim K wears wedding dress to VF Oscars party
Kourtney Kardashian addresses Mason baby rumours
Kim K or Rapunzel? The world may never know
Kendall Jenner and Devin Booker spotted skiing 
Kim's 90s throwback has fans saying the same thing
Kim K's bikini throwback is *so* on trend for SS25
Kendall hides see-through bra & skirt under coat
Kylie's plunging red leather cut-out dress is NSFW
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.