Jon Bon Jovi has hinted at a colourful past, suggesting he's 'been with 100 women'. The rock legend opened up about his 35-year marriage to Dorothea Hurley, admitting he wasn't always an angel during his prime.
Speaking in the ABC special, Michael Strahan x Jon Bon Jovi: Halfway There, the 62-year-old discussed his past relationships.
Reflecting on Jon's "sex symbol" status, Michael asked how it affected his relationship. In response, the Livin' On A Prayer singer confessed: "I got away with murder.
"I'm a rock and roll star. I'm not a saint. I'm not saying that there weren't 100 girls in my life. I'm Jon Bon Jovi. It was pretty good,".
"But if you think I'm ever going to jeopardise anything for believing the narcissist in me was real?"
Read More: Met Gala 2024 co-chairs include Hollywood's elite along with rapper Bad Bunny
He continued: "What a stupid thing to do. What kind of excesses does a man need that's going to fuel that fire? It's just not worth it."
These comments follow a similar interview with the Independent where the singer stated: "It's about never lying about having been a saint, but not being a fool enough to [mess] up the home life, either."
Last month, rock legend Jon Bon Jovi opened up about his desperate attempts to heal his voice, resorting to "voodoo" and a myriad of experimental treatments in an effort to dodge surgery.
DON'T MISS...
Jon Bon Jovi confesses ‘I’m done with touring’ if one condition is not met [COMMENT]
This Morning's Ben Shephard issues statement as Jon Bon Jovi 'walks off show' [INSIGHT]
Jon Bon Jovi may not ‘tour again’ after vocal cords ‘atrophied’ before surgery [NEWS]
Following his vocal cord surgery nearly two years ago, the star has been on the mend.
But there's a silver lining for devotees as Bon Jovi has announced the band is hitting rehearsals again to put his voice to the test, with hopes of hitting the road soon.
He recounted his exhaustive journey through alternative remedies: "The guy that I found in Philadelphia, the greatest thing he said after I exhausted everything, every bit of what I call 'voodoo.'"
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
He continued, detailing his relentless pursuit of recovery: "Every Eastern medicine, every laser, every diet, singing lessons - everything that I could.
"And I did 15 shows and it just was not working. And I went to see him and I said, 'I can give you 100 per cent of 80 per cent'. He said, 'Is that good enough?'
"I said, 'No.' He said, 'Now we can talk about this surgery.' And he said, 'And I guarantee you nothing, but if you work hard this will give you your best shot'.
"So I've been diligent in my recovery and hoping that everything's going to be alright - but I don't know. I'm being bluntly honest, if I'm not great, I'm not going [on tour]. Watch YouTube, I'm not interested."
Get all the latest news, entertainment, sport and lifestyle updates from our dedicated American team.
Follow Daily Express US on Facebook and Twitter @ExpressUSNews
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated