By ELMIRA TANATAROVA 
 Published:  11:01, 7 May 2024   |  Updated:  12:48, 7 May 2024   
 141
View  comments
The 'Superbowl of fashion' has come and gone as a flurry of A-listers showed off their styling A-game at last night's Met Gala.
And experts have shared their verdicts on the winners and losers of the evening - with some remarking that classic and romantic ensembles took the cake while racier and more 'barely there' looks were glamorous, but struggled to strike the right chord.
Speaking to FEMAIL, Lisa Talbot admitted she thought Sydney Sweeney, Ayo Edebiri - and the woman of the hour herself, Anna Wintour - outshone the rest. 
'Ayo wore the most elegant Loewe 3D floral dress,' she remarked, whereas 'Anna just looked sensationally, quietly elegant with her floral velvet coat adorned in tulips'.
Lisa also found that Sydney struck the right balance between sticking on theme and being interesting while letting the artistry of her dress shine.
Speaking to FEMAIL, Lisa Talbot admitted she thought Sydney Sweeney (pictured), Ayo Edebiri - and the woman of the hour herself, Anna Wintour - outshone the rest
'Her gown was elegant in both colour and structure,' she explained. 'With additional detailing, together with the gloves just made the dress more edgy.'
She also remarked that some silhouettes stuck to the theme -  'The Garden of Time', based around the 1962 short story by J.G. Ballard - they didn't make the same striking impact. 
'Lana Del Ray in her Alexander McQueen dress certainly hit the brief but the tulle which was crafted as head wear, for me did not compliment the dress,' Lisa added. 'This was more about making a statement.'
'I do think the theme was followed mainly well,' she continued. 'I think it was down to the individual's interpretation which is what personal style is all about and why we can be as creative as we wish with our own style.'
Elsewhere, London-based stylist Ellis Ranson found that the theme 'left lots of room for imagination and to play with not only the floral garden dress code but to bring in the element of sleep' - adding that some were able to land the look perfectly while others were 'underwhelming'.
'I expected more duvet styles and a bit more of a green palette but maybe the stylists had been made aware of the green carpet,' she said. 
'Zendaya is always the queen of the Met after a long awaited return.
'One of the first stars to walk the steps of the 2024 Met her and luxury Law nailed the brief, everything from the eye makeup to the pose - she brought the mood board to life.
She also remarked that some silhouettes stuck to the theme - 'The Garden of Time', based around the 1962 short story by J.G. Ballard - they didn't make the same striking impact. Pictured, Lana Del Rey
However, she found that some of the more racy and experimental looks weren't just about flaunting a toned set of abs. Pictured, Doja Cat
Ellis also found some of the fashion industry's heaviest hitters didn't pack as much punch as usual 
Emily Ratajkowski wore a see-through nude lace number that flashed her bare breasts and backside; she is wearing Versace
And while Ellis 'always loves' Dua Lipa's looks, she was 'underwhelmed' with the singer's ensemble last night - which featured a sultry lacey look from designer Marc Jacobs
Flaunting her eye-popping cleavage, Doja emerged from her room at The Mark Hotel in a sheer ensemble before heading to a nearby party
Beka Gvishiani and Doja at Richie Akiva's 10th Annual 'The After' Met Gala After Party held at Casa Cipriani
Pictured: Emily Ratajkowski sported another sultry ensemble in the evening, featuring a sheer dress
Pictured: Singer Rita Ora and her husband, director Taika Waititi return from the Met Gala last night
Pictured: Sydney Sweeney changed into a chic brown ensemble after the main Met Gala festivities were done 
'The look gave off the fairy tale villain which we were all hoping for and finished with a tulle feathered fascinator (which I was surprised to not see more of).
'The colour palette was spot on, and of course trust her to get it so right with not one but two looks.'
Ellis also found some of the fashion industry's heaviest hitters didn't pack as much punch as usual.
'Emily Ratajkowski for me this just didn't hit it,' she explained.
'The brief was all about reawakening fashion and beauty and yes she is one of the most beautiful women in the world so she massively ticks that box but the brief didn't feel the need to bare all.
'The dress felt similar to what we have seen before and just wasn't a favourite for me from the night.'
Stylist Ellis found that Zendaya nailed the brief - and is 'always the Queen of the Met'. The actress pictured on the green carpet
Zendaya wowed at the Met with not one but two striking ensembles which experts said 'nailed' the brief
And while Ellis 'always loves' Dua Lipa's looks, she was 'underwhelmed' with the singer's ensemble last night - which featured a sultry lacey look from designer Marc Jacobs.
'It was not as fun as others,' she added. 'Of course, she still looks stunning and as always gives off an effortless beauty.'
Elsewhere, Rita Ora, who is known for her fun sense of fashion and even has a collection with Primark also didn't appear to hit the nail on the head. 
'The reasoning behind the barely-there dress being that the beads were older than anyone on this planet - I feel they could have been used in a different way to really showcase them perfectly,' Ellis said.
'As the brief for me was much more romantic and pretty.'
However, she found that some of the more racy and experimental looks weren't just about flaunting a toned set of abs.
Ellis also felt this was the Kardashian/Jenners' 'most understated Met'. She found the famous family 'kept their looks cleaner and simple whilst all telling their own story'
Meanwhile, Kendall Jenner bringing out the archival piece from Alexander McQueen for Givenchy in 1999 which has never been worn before 'wowed the carpet and worked to the reawakening fashion brief in a classy yet effortless way'
Elsewhere, her sister Kylie 'took the sleeping beauty theme quite literally with a nod towards night time, as a garden statue'
'Whilst celebs wore couture Doja Cat wore a wet T-shirt dress,' she recounted. 'It's always expected she will go for the unexpected and make her fashion moment but this feels very pulled back and doesn't massively fit the brief.
'But the contrast of glam makeup makes it feel she wasn't just doing this to show off the incredible bod.'
Ellis also felt this was the Kardashian/Jenners' 'most understated Met'. She found the famous family 'kept their looks cleaner and simple whilst all telling their own story'.
'Although Kim looked quite uneasy as she walked the steps, the sweater was described as "running through the gardens and you grab your boyfriend's sweater" which is a fun idea to work with, draped over a a stunning gown that really did showcase that waist,' she said.
Stylist Lisa found that Ayo Edebiri stunned in her floral ensemble as she made an appearance yesterday 
Ellis remarked that another winner from the night for her was Gigi Hadid in her Thom Browne ensemble
Ellis had also found Sarah Jessica Parker's look channelled her 'inner Carrie Bradshaw' at the event
Meanwhile, Kendall Jenner bringing out the archival piece from Alexander McQueen for Givenchy in 1999 which has never been worn before 'wowed the carpet and worked to the reawakening fashion brief in a classy yet effortless way'.
Elsewhere, her sister Kylie 'took the sleeping beauty theme quite literally with a nod towards night time, as a garden statue'. 
Ellis remarked that another winner from the night for her was Gigi Hadid in her Thom Browne ensemble. 
'She looked absolutely stunning working with the idea of a floral fresh garden,' the stylist added.
'This gown had over 70 people working on it and it shows. The drama of the skirt with the blazer falling off is almost giving that fairytale enchanted garden feel with a twist. Effortless as always.'
She also found Sarah Jessica Parker's look channelled her 'inner Carrie Bradshaw' at the event.
'This isn't one of her biggest moments of the Met, but it fits perfectly,' Ellis said. 'It's pretty, sculptural and gives a romantic feel teamed with a stunning hat which is true SJP, getting us even more excited for the comeback of Just Like That.'
Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth were this year's co-chairs. 
Also on the committee was Vogue's Anna Wintour.
The honorary chairs for the evening were Loewe creative director Jonathan Anderson and TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew.
'This year's co-chairs reflect a variety of career achievements, and all have distinct style histories with the Met Gala,' Vogue shared.
Jennifer Lopez , Zendaya , Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth were this year's co-chairs. Also on the committee was Vogue's Anna Wintour (pictured last night)
The showcase featured approximately 250 items drawn from The Costume Institute's permanent collection - with many of the pieces too fragile to ever be worn again.
The pieces will all be displayed using elements such as AI, GCI, and more while playing up themes of land, sea, and sky. 
'It is very much an ode to nature and the emotional poetics of fashion,' said Andrew Bolton, Wendy Yu Curator in Charge of The Costume Institute, of the upcoming exhibition. 
'One thing I hope this show will activate is that sensorial appreciation of fashion.'
Guests in attendance included the Kardashians, Sarah Jessica Parker, Sydney Sweeney and Tyla.
Gwendoline Christie, La La Anthony and Ashley Graham  hosted while YouTuber Emma Chamberlain interviewed stars on the red carpet. 
Last year's gala honored late designer Karl Lagerfeld. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group