The Roc Nation School of Music, Sports and Entertainment at Long Island University has announced the opening of a new, state-of-the-art Dolby Atmos studio on campus that will be integrated into the curriculum and create immersive learning opportunities for students.

	With the new facility, the Roc Nation School will become the first program in Brooklyn to offer a fully-integrated, Dolby Atmos Music curriculum, in partnership with the Dolby Institute. It also will be the largest professional Dolby Atmos music recording studio in New York.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Soundstage Expansion Now Feeling Crunch of Production Contraction		
			














	
		
					NBC Cheerleading Comedy Pilot 'Stumble' Casts Jenn Lyon in Lead Role		
			








	The new studio spans about 2,400 square feet and includes four iso booths for live band recordings, a large tracking room and a 750 square foot control room equipped with cutting-edge technology that will break ground in music education, especially for students seeking to learn Atmos and pursue careers as producers, engineers, executives and more.




			Popular on Variety		






	“We’re thrilled to open this next-generation studio to bolster our curriculum and better serve our ambitious students,” Roc Nation School of Music, Sports & Entertainment Dean Tressa Cunningham said. “Our new facility will enable students to gain immersive experience using the latest technology to put themselves in the strongest positions to thrive after graduation. It also creates a new opportunity for the School to engage with the larger creative community.”

	The facility was designed by Walters-Storyk Design Group (WSDG) and integrated by Pro Audio Design Inc. Pro Audio Design President Dave Malekpour, who previously designed the Baseline Studios, where Roc Nation founder Shawn “Jay-Z” Carter recorded many times.

	From a technical perspective, the studio features a 9.1.4 Augspurger speaker system with 2x Avid MTRX Studio interfaces, Grace Design M908 monitor controller, SSL Origin studio mix console. The setup also boasts Avid ProTools Ultimate and Avid MTRX Studio, enriched with an array of plugins from leading developers such as Waves, Antares, SoundToys, Celemony, and Universal Audio (UAD). The custom-designed console and producer’s desk by ZAOR provide a commanding, ergonomic and efficient workspace for both educational and mixing purposes.

	Additionally, the school will host a masterclass series in the studio, where industry leaders will provide students with valuable insights and techniques into the production process. The recording studio will open the door for the music community of creatives to come to campus and partake in professional development, guest mixed sessions and more.

	










	+ At the annual SESAC Awards in Los Angeles, Sony Music was named publisher of the year for the third consecutive time and Black Music Action Coalition co-founder Willie “Prophet” Stiggers was presented with SESAC’s Visionary Award in recognition of the organization’s ongoing work championing artists and creating equity within the music industry.

	Also at the awards, Jack Harlow took home both Songwriter of the Year and Song of the Year with his smash hit “Lovin On Me”. Sony Publishing’s credits included “3D” recorded by Jack Harlow and Jung Kook, as well as “Good Good” recorded by Usher, Summer Walker and 21 Savage, among others. Additional award-winning writers include Jimmy Napes; Ariana Grande; Green Day; Fede Vindver; and longtime SESAC songwriter, Traci Hale for her co-write with SESAC writer and performer, Burna Boy.  

	“Prophet’s dedication to equality and racial justice has inspired us all to do more and build a stronger, more equitable creative community. I’m proud to call him a friend,” said Mario Prins, VP, Creative Services.  

	+ The Circuit Group, a new enterprise led by artist managers to build business opportunities around artists’ intellectual property, has announced its expansion into the U.K. market and launch of Circuit Management, a joint venture with renowned music management company Ctrlfrk. The Circuit Group U.K. will be led by CEO and president James Sutcliffe, who will report to global CEO Dean Wilson, and will continue his role as chief strategy officer for the Circuit Group.

	The Circuit Group includes the management companies Ayita and Seven20, whose combined rosters includes Deadmau5, Fisher, Chris Lake, Cloonee, Aluna, Nero and Ninajirachi, among others. With this joint venture, Circuit Management will represent an impressive roster of talent, including rising electronic star Volaris, singer-songwriter Camden Cox, DJ and producer Florian Picasso, and house icon Fat Tony. Circuit Management will be led by Co-President’s James Sutcliffe and Michael Boyce, and Co-Founder/VP, Artist Management Jasmine Watts.

	“Circuit Management is the culmination of our vision to create an environment where artists can truly succeed,” said Michael Boyce, Founder of Ctrlfrk and co-president of Circuit Management. “Partnering with Circuit enables us to offer a comprehensive approach to management, focusing on both artistic integrity and commercial success. We’re ready to make a lasting impact on the UK music landscape.”

	










Tuesday, September 17

Big Loud Records and its Canada-based, Dallas Smith-founded imprint Local Hay Records have signed country singer Hailey Benedict. In addition to the record deal, Benedict has also signed a global publishing deal with Big Loud Publishing and Local Hay.

	“I’m ecstatic to begin this new chapter with such an incredibly creative and dedicated team that shares my vision for my songwriting, artistry, and career,” Benedict said  on stage in Toronto. “After a decade as an independent artist, it was crucial for me to partner with a record label that aligns with my values and passion for music. I truly believe I’ve found the perfect home with Big Loud and Local Hay. I want to express my heartfelt gratitude to every single person who has supported and championed my music and journey throughout the years. This would not be possible without your support, and I can’t wait to see what is to come next.”

	“We couldn’t be more excited to welcome Hailey to our team. Hailey has the drive, talent, and passion you dream about in a new artist. The sky is truly the limit,” added Scott Cooke, president of Local Hay Records.

PHOTO ID (L-R): Joey Moi (Partner / Producer / President of A&R, Big Loud), Dallas Smith, HaileyBenedict, Scott Cooke (President, Local Hay Records), Seth England (Partner / CEO, Big Loud)

	+ Rimas Publishing (Bad Bunny, Cris Mj) has launched Faith Sounds, a Christian and gospel music division. 

	Now working under the Gospel Music Association, a non-profit organization founded to support and promote the development of all forms of gospel music, Rimas Publishing announced that they plan to organize songwriting camps.

	Rimas Publishing is an independent company and is not affiliated with Rimas Entertainment.

	+ Mary Megan Peer and Peermusic are announcing the appointment of Samantha Schilling Robinson as VP of peermusic’s neighbouring rights venture. Samantha was previously VP of neighbouring rights at Songtradr, INC. and brings over 17 years of experience in creative and rights management. In this new role at peermusic Neighbouring Rights, Samantha will collaborate closely with record labels, artists, composers, and collecting societies to ensure precise collection and distribution of royalties to neighbouring rights clients, with a particular focus in the Audio-Visual sector.

	










	In 2020, Peermusic acquired Premier Muzik, All Right Music and Global Master Rights. Today, peermusic Neighbouring Rights encompasses over 300 recording rights owners and 3000 performers: Billie Eilish, Imagine Dragons, Martin Garrix, David Guetta, Metallica, Megan Thee Stallion, H.E.R. and Stromae, and over 300 record labels including Armada Music, Codiscos, Spinnin’ Records, Empire, Ninja Tune, and Big Machine.

	+ Merlin has brought back Kaoruko Hill as its general manager of APAC. 

	Hill most recently served in the music data and rights management team at ByteDance, where she played a pivotal role in managing global music rights for the platform. Prior to ByteDance, Kaoruko made significant contributions to Merlin from 2016 to 2020 as head of member relations and operations at Merlin’s Japan office. 

	“We are incredibly proud of Kaoruko’s achievements and her well-deserved appointment as General Manager of APAC,” said Jeremy Sirota, CEO of Merlin. “Her expertise, strategic vision, and deep commitment to the music industry make her the ideal leader to drive our efforts in the Asia-Pacific market forward, and we look forward to seeing the positive impact she will continue to make.”

	+ After 11 years at Red Light Management, Andrew Leib has launched Deep Feel Talent Co., a boutique artist management company. Its roster includes Victoria Canal, Maris Jones, Nu Deco Ensemble, Andy Arthur Smith, and Dana Nielsen.“Deep Feel Talent Co. reflects the values that have shaped my work over the years: building strong, authentic relationships with my clients and community, and creating space for creative voices to grow,” said Leib. “I’m excited to continue working with such talented individuals, many of whom I’ve had the pleasure of managing for years and love like family.”Based in LA, Leib began his career in artist relations and hospitality at festivals like Lollapalooza and Riot Fest. Previously, he was involved in the management of Counting Crows, Corinne Bailey Rae, Emily King, Cory Henry, Theo Katzman, Lecrae, Robert Randolph, Miyavi, and Cheers Elephant.
The Business of Entertainment