By ALEXANDRA BELLUSCI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:35, 28 June 2024   |  Updated:  06:45, 28 June 2024   
 121
View  comments
Kim Kardashian is sending her love to Khloe Kardashian on her milestone 40th birthday - after taking a nasty jab at her on this week's The Kardashians episode.
The SKIMS founder, 43, took to Instagram to share a sweet tribute to her younger sister on Thursday, June 27.
'Welcome to the f***ing 40 club baby!!!!!' Kim began. 'I feel like you have been waiting for years to finally be done with your 30's and the time has now come.
'I know this will be the best decade of your life filled with so much love and happiness! I'm so excited for you to experience this because I know how good it is, and no one deserves this more than you!'
Giving a nod to their adventures thus far, the Kardashians star added, 'What a crazy life we live! I couldn't do it without you by my side! Thanks for being the best friend and sister a girl could ever dream of. Happy Birthday.'
Alongside the touching words, Kim added a slew of throwback photos of herself and Khloe dressed to the nines.
Kim Kardashian is sending her love to Khloe Kardashian on her milestone 40th birthday - after taking a nasty jab at her on this week's The Kardashians episode 
The SKIMS founder, 43, took to Instagram to share a sweet tribute to her younger sister on Thursday, June 27
The American Horror Story actress wore a silver bra top, a grey skirt with a high slit and diamond jewelry. 
Kim's long, dark locks flowed down her back as she gazed into the camera. 
Meanwhile, Khloe sported the same bra top and long skirt but in black. 
However, the reality star opted to wear her hair in an updo with the front layers falling down.
The last set of pictures shows Kim wearing her big sister hat as she lies on the ground to get shots of Khloe during her photo shoot. 
Soon after, Khloe took to the comment respond to her big sister's - who she fondly refers to as 'keeks' - kind words.
'I love you my keeks!!!! You are the most incredible human being and I feel so blessed I get to have to you by my side!!!' she wrote.
'You're just everything and so much more!!!! Finally, I'm in the club!!!!! It feels great'
Momager Kris Jenner also wished Khloe a happy birthday in on Instagram and applauded her for being a 'remarkable' mom.
'Happy birthday to my beautiful, delicious angel!!!!!!,' she began. 'I am not sure what I did to deserve you, but I thank God every single day for the beautiful blessing of being your mommy… you are one of the most wonderful loves of my life, and I cherish each and every glorious memory we have ever made.'
Calling Khloe 'the most amazing daughter,' Kris then reflected on the Good American founder as a mother herself.
'Watching you as a mommy has been so remarkable for me,' the 68-year-old wrote about Khloe - who shares daughter True, six, and son Tatum, one, with ex-boyfriend Tristan Thompson. 
Alongside the touching words, Kim added a slew of throwback photos of herself and Khloe dressed to the nines 
'Welcome to the f***ing 40 club baby!!!!!' Kim began. 'I feel like you have been waiting for years to finally be done with your 30's and the time has now come' 
Soon after, Khloe took to the comment respond to her big sister's - who she fondly refers to as 'keeks' - kind words
'You are everyone's favorite auntie and literally have dedicated and devoted yourself to your babies and to all of your nieces and nephews and are everyone's hero. You are such a joyful, happy, funny slice of life and when I'm with you, you always make me feel so special and so happy to be around you,' Kris continued. 'I love the way you love me. You are someone so truly special and have the most amazing creativity, style, energy, beauty and love that exudes from you.'
Calling Khloe 'everyone's biggest cheerleader,' she added, 'you make every single one of us feel so special and loved. I don't know how I got so lucky to be able to go through life with you!!!!'
'Thank you for all you do for everyone Khloé and for always looking at the glass half full and for always looking at life through such a positive lens. No matter what you're so upbeat for the rest of us. I love your strength and your sensitivity and your vulnerability and your support,' Kris expressed. 'Happy birthday, my beautiful girl and may all of your dreams come true. I love you beyond measure, more than I can ever explain in words, and you will always be my Bunny. love, Mommy.'
Kris shared throwback pictures of Khloe growing up, including the mother-daughter duo posing in denim on a tractor truck and a black-and-white shot of Kris, Khloe, Kim and Kourtney Kardashian. 
Khloe herself took a moment to relish on turning 40.
'Deeply Grateful For Every Moment,' she gushed beneath a video of her life throughout the decades - including a rare cameo from brother Rob Kardashian. 'I love you! I am so excited and thankful for this fresh decade and all it has in store!!!'
Meanwhile, Kim's birthday tribute comes hours before the Kardashians episode - in which Khloe snaps at the SKKN mogul, calling her a 'petty little b--ch' - airs at midnight.
The sisters argued over Khloe's tendency to spend all her time with her kids at home, per People.
Kim accused Khloe of being 'condensing' in her tone and delivery, especially regarding the influencer's parenting style. 
'Deeply Grateful For Every Moment,' she gushed beneath a video of her life throughout the decades - including a rare cameo from brother Rob Kardashian
The American Horror Story actress's birthday tribute comes hours before the Kardashians episode - in which the Good American Founder snaps at the SKKN mogul, calling her a 'petty little b--ch' - airs at midnight
But Khloe felt that Kim's anger was misplaced. 
'It sounds like you're dealing with a bunch of your own bulls--- and you decided to harvest this and build up all this animosity towards me, when this is a you f---ing problem,' the 40-year-old clapped back. 'I swear you just wanna project whatever you're going through and take it out on me, and I can handle it but only for so long. I'm not gonna be here all day, so if you need to slap me or something, do it.'
Kim went on to note that she think Khloe needs to 'live your life, you have the world at your finger tips but you go see the world.'
'You won't let yourself go out there to find someone or even a group of friends,' she continued.
Hitting Khloe with tough love, Kim added, 'You don't realize that you sometimes have a stick up your a-- and it's like sometimes you're like, god, she just needs to get f---ed. You just need to get away from your kids, a pure getaway!'
Outside of their Calabasas hub, that is. 
'You're fine in Hidden Hills, your kids rule your life,' Kim stated. 'I have a schedule, I have somewhere to be.' ... I feel bad for you. Live your f***ing life, get out!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group