Concert tour sales between October and March spiked significantly compared to the same period a year earlier, Billboard reported, with the top 10 tours providing data to the outlet—including those of U2, Pink and Madonna—surpassing $1.5 billion in total combined gross, even without sales information from the Eras Tour, as Taylor Swift did not report grosses to Billboard Boxscore.
U2's residency at the Sphere propelled the group to the top of Billboard Boxscore's midyear report. ... More (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Live Nation)
The top 10 concert tours giving data to Billboard performed between Oct. 1, 2023 and March 31, 2024 grossed a collective $1.5 billion, according to the annual midyear report by Billboard Boxscore—which also publishes monthly and yearly tour gross rankings.
Not included in Billboard’s midyear report is Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour, because Swift did not report data to Billboard Boxscore (she also did not report data last year, excluding her from Billboard Boxscore’s year-end report).
The combined gross of the top 10 tours in Billboard’s report is up 83% from last year’s sum and surpassed $1 billion in a Billboard midyear report for the first time, with eight tours surpassing $100 million in gross this year so far, compared to only two that surpassed the $100 million mark at last year’s midpoint.
U2 has the top-grossing tour of the year so far, grossing more than $230 million from the band’s residency at the Las Vegas Sphere.
The Sphere, which opened in September, also topped Billboard’s tour gross ranking of large venues with a capacity greater than 15,000, surpassing Madison Square Garden and London’s O2 Arena.
Pink and Madonna are the second- and third-highest grossing acts reporting data to Billboard, respectively, with both grossing just over $190 million during the six-month period.
Rock and pop topped Billboard’s gross breakdown by genre, while country—which saw an uptick in both streams and tour gross in 2023—placed third.
Billboard said this total is “unprecedented” and exceeded industry expectations, noting the winter months are typically slower than the summer for concertgoing.
During the October through March period, Swift performed 26 shows spanning South America, Australia and Asia. The Eras Tour is already the highest-grossing tour of all time and the first to surpass $1 billion in total gross, a mark it achieved in December, according to Pollstar estimates. Swift grossed an average of $17 million per show in 2023, Pollstar reported. The tour helped push Swift into the billionaire ranks last year, according to Forbes estimates.
Last year was a blockbuster year for concert tours, led by Swift’s Eras Tour and Beyoncé’s Renaissance World Tour. Pollstar called 2023 the “historic golden age” for touring, as the top 100 global tours surpassed $9 billion in total gross—up 46% from the year prior and easily becoming the highest-grossing year of all time for tours. Ticket sales surged from 59 million in 2022 to 70 million in 2023. Swift easily claimed the biggest tour of 2023, grossing an estimated $1.04 billion based on 60 shows, while Beyoncé placed second with $579 million grossed from 56 shows. Bruce Springsteen, Coldplay and Harry Styles rounded out last year’s top five tours.
Whether 2024 can challenge 2023 as the highest-grossing year for touring. Swift’s Eras Tour is far from over, with dates planned through the end of the year as she finishes her European leg and returns to North America in October. Other reliably high-grossing artists touring this year include Bad Bunny, who had the highest-grossing tour of 2022, Morgan Wallen, the Rolling Stones and Nicki Minaj.
U2 & Sphere Dominate Billboard Boxscore’s Midyear Recap as Top 10 Tours Gross a Staggering $1.5B (Billboard)
Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour Is First In History To Gross Over $1 Billion, Report Says (Forbes)
2023 Year-End Business Analysis: The Great Return Becomes Historic Golden Age (Pollstar)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.