NBC's sketch comedy series Saturday Night Live premiered its forty-ninth season on Oct. 14, 2023, with host (and former cast member) Pete Davidson. The musical guest for the night was Ice Spice. Since the season 49 opener, we've seen Bad Bunny, Nate Bargatze, Timothée Chalamet, and Jacob Elordi host. Feb. 17 is the second Saturday that SNL misses, though, so when will it return? 
It's no secret that SNL has a pretty complicated schedule. It can take a two-week break (or longer) without much of a notice. It's not easy to keep up with it, but we're here to help. So far, there have been 11 episodes of SNL season 49, which means there are definitely more to come! But when? Sooner than you think! Here's everything we know about Saturday Night Live season 49 episode 12 (including the host and musical guest for that night). 
Mark your calendars, Saturday Night Live returns to NBC with season 49 episode 12 next week, Feb. 24. This means that SNL only took a two-week break. Episode 12 will air on NBC at its regular time of 11:30 p.m. ET, so be sure to tune in! 
The host for the night will be Shane Gillis. Yes, the same Shane Gillis who was hired as a host for SNL season 45, only to be fired soon after due to distasteful jokes directed at Asians. It's a move we did not see coming, to say the least. Unfortunately, there are more controversial and hurtful "jokes" from Gillis that recently resurfaced. SNL fans are wondering if Gillis will get to host or not after the announcement of Shane Gillis hosting sparked outrage online. As soon as we have more details on this, we'll update you! 
In the meantime, the musical guest for the night is set to be 21 Savage, who dropped his third studio album, titled American Dream, on Jan. 13. Which songs are you hoping the rapper performs?  
There are three ways you can watch Saturday Night Live. The first, is to tune in to NBC on Saturday, Feb. 24, at 11:30 p.m. ET. But if you have cut ties with cable, watch by streaming the network on the platform you replaced cable with, such as fuboTV. And if the problem is that you can't watch right at that time, stream the episode the next day (so beginning on Sunday, Feb. 25) on Hulu or Peacock. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.