The ad encouraged women to make their own choices in the polling booth, despite what their husband's political beliefs may be
Donald Trump has criticised Julia Roberts for narrating a Kamala Harris ad in the run-up to the US election next Tuesday (November 5).
The Republican candidate phoned in to Fox & Friends yesterday (November 2) to say he was “disappointed” in Roberts for participating in the ad, which encourages women to make their own choice in the voting booth, despite their husband’s political stance.
“I’m so disappointed at Julia Roberts. She’s going to look back on that and she’s going to cringe. ‘Did I really say that?’” Trump said. “It doesn’t say much for her relationship, but I’m sure she has a great relationship. The wives and the husbands, I don’t think that’s the way they deal.
“Can you imagine a wife not telling a husband who she’s voting for? Did you ever hear anything like that? Even if you had a horrible — if you had a bad relationship, you’re going to tell your husband. It’s a ridiculous thing. So stupid.”
The ad in question was created by the progressive evangelical group Vote Common Good, and makes references to Trump’s stance on reproductive rights. “In the one place in America where women still have a right to choose, you can vote any way you want and no one will ever know,” Roberts says.
It goes on to show a woman voting for Harris in the booth, even though her husband appears to be a Trump supporter. The woman then leaves the booth and her husband asks: “Did you make the right choice?”
The wife responds: “Sure did, honey,” and then shares a knowing glance with a fellow female voter, insinuating they both secretly voted for Harris. “Remember,” Roberts adds as the narrator, “what happens in the booth, stays in the booth.”
Trump’s stance on abortion and his previous decision to overturn the landmark reproductive rights bill Roe v. Wade have been a major point of debate in this election. Olivia Rodrigo and Billie Eilish have previously endorsed Harris specifically for her commitment to restoring abortion access nationwide, with the latter approving her song ‘When the Party’s Over’ for a Democrat’s Ad on reproductive care.
Former U.S. President Donald Trump in 2024. CREDIT: Spencer Platt/Getty Images
Elsewhere, Beyoncé spoke at a Democratic Rally on Reproductive Rights last month, joining other stars of the entertainment world who are endorsing Harris, including Bruce Springsteen, who appeared in a ‘Hopes and Dreams’ campaign ad for Harris.
Taylor Swift also broke her silence in September when she wrote that she would be voting for the Democrat “because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them”.
Last week, the cast of Marvel’s Avengers, including Mark Ruffalo, Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans and Don Cheadle, reunited to endorse Harris in an Instagram clip.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, a former Republican governor of California, has also said he is voting for Harris. “I will always be an American before I am a Republican,” he said. “That’s why, this week, I am voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. I’m sharing it with all of you because I think there are a lot of you who feel like I do. You don’t recognise our country. And you are right to be furious.”
Others to officially endorse Harris include Madonna, St. Vincent, Jennifer Lopez, Charli XCX, Joni Mitchell, Chappell Roan, Megan Thee Stallion, Cher, Lizzo, Eminem, Usher, P!nk, Leonardo DiCaprio, Bad Bunny, Bon Iver, Quavo, Mumford & Sons, GloRilla and Finneas.
Trump’s high-profile backers include Kid Rock, Kelsey Grammer, Kanye West, and Hulk Hogan.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.