That time of year where we all throw out our diets in order to scoff small chocolate rabbits and eggs is upon us. It would be rude not too wouldn't it? And it's also the time when we feel like we can splash out a bit more on those Lindt bunnies which feel extra luxurious.
From its golden wrapping and suave jingle bell down to its silky-smooth flavour, Lindt oozes luxury. So receiving one, for Easter or any other occasion, just feels extra special (you can buy eight Lindt gold bunnies for £4 on Amazon here and Ocado are selling them here too).
But not all chocolate bunnies were created equal, when it comes to price and to taste. To work out which is the best one for your wallet and you taste buddies, reporter Emily Chaplin compared the Lindt version to five chocolate bunnies from different stores to crown the best. She said: "Lindt's super-smooth indulgent taste is hard to beat, but if you're after a cheaper option this Easter, Sainsbury's bunny is a great alternative and half the price."
Or, if you're looking for more chocolate for your buck, Amazon has slashed the price of its Cadbury Dairy Milk Big Night In Chocolate Hamper to £12.42.
READ MORE: Drug dealer who sold crack cocaine from Cardiff hotel shouts vile insults at judge
READ NEXT: Nine-month pregnant woman says her bedroom is so damp part of the ceiling collapsed
Emily said: "Straight off the bat, Marks and Spencer's bunny stood out from the crowd. Unlike the others, which had been decorated to look somewhat like real rabbits, M&S's wrapping was covered in colourful spring flowers, though the shape and goldish foil meant there was an air of Lindt about it. The chocolate was creamy, not as rich as Lindt, but milkier. It didn't taste cheap and the flavour was nice, but it was no where near as luxurious. Considering Marks' was the most expensive rabbit after Lindt, I wasn't overly impressed by the taste."
Score: 3/5
At £1.50, Asda's was one of the cheapest of the bunch, joint with Morrisons and Sainsbury's and would probably be more appealing to kids with its cartoonish design.
Emily said: "The chocolate seemed quite a bit thinner than the M&S and Lindt rabbits, though it apparently contained the same amount. I liked the flavour - it was smooth with more richness than Marks', like a cheaper version of Galaxy."
Score: 4/5
Morrisons' Easter bunny design was the most basic, with little detail on the plain bronze foil, and the chocolate interior appeared to have come out of the exact same mould as Asda's.
Emily said: "They tasted similar, too, though I thought Morrisons was slightly chalkier in texture and left more of an aftertaste. It wasn't bad, but probably my least favourite."
Score: 2.5/5
Aldi wasn't the cheapest of the bunch at £1.69. Emily said: "The flavour was somewhat creamy and certainly moreish, but it tasted a bit cheap. Thankfully, I quite like cheap chocolate so I didn't mind and the posh wrapping made it feel special at an affordable price."
Score: 3.5/5
Emily said: "Sainsbury's spotty bunny was adorable and probably my favourite design of the bunch, but the chocolate inside seemed like it had been bashed around a bit. The flavour was instantly familiar and I had another bite to make sure. It tasted like Cadbury - not exactly the same, of course, but a similar velvety flavour with a hint of bitterness. I loved it."
Score: 4.5/5
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.