By KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:44, 7 April 2024   |  Updated:  08:42, 7 April 2024   
 27
View  comments
Cardi B is poised to release her much-anticipated second studio album.
On Saturday, the superstar rapper, 31, took to her Instagram Stories to announce she is in fact set to drop her follow-up to Invasion Of Privacy, which also just happened to coincide with the sixth anniversary of her acclaimed debut album. 
'6 years ago I released my first album and it broke so many records GAH LEE!! 6 years later I'm preparing to drop the next one this year,' she wrote in a post where she listed some of the accolades Invasion Of Privacy garnered after being released April 6, 2018.
She added, 'It's so different from what everyone is expecting and I'm sooo excited,' before sharing a healthy dose of gratitude for her devoted fans. 
'Love you guys and thank you for the support! I'll talk to ya soon,' she concluded. 'I been so busy these last few days.'
Cardi B, 31, used the sixth anniversary of her debut studio album, Invasion Of Privacy, to announced the follow up will drop this year; seen in 2023 
For the big announcement Cardi (born Belcalis Marlenis Almánzar), 31, made sure to share some of the accolades she received in the wake of the Invasion Of Privacy drop six years ago.
First up, she reminded fans that the album hit '#1 Billboard Hot 200 with 255K units sold first week' and notched a '2019 Grammy for Best Rap Album with 6 nominations'
The bronx, New York native then shared how Invasion of Privacy scored a '2019 BET Album Of The Year' award.
She proceeded to add that 'Invasion Of Privacy is the first album by a female artist to have all of its tracks certified platinum, or higher, by the RIAA.'
It also has the distinction of being the 'first female rap album to have every track chart on the Hot 100.'
In an added touch, the announcement included the cartoonish image of Cardi with yellow hair and white sunglasses from the original album cover.
Invasion of Privacy ended up debuting at number one on the Billboard 200 albums chart, and has since been certified quadruple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). 
It broke the record for longest-charting album by a female rapper on the Billboard 200, surpassing The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill, and has spent three full years on the chart. 
'6 years ago I released my first album and it broke so many records GAH LEE!! 6 years later I'm preparing to drop the next one this year,' she wrote in a post where she listed some of the accolades Invasion Of Privacy garnered after being released April 6, 2018
'It's so different from what everyone is expecting and I'm sooo excited,' the superstar rapper shared in comparison to Invasion Of Privacy
Cardi has released a number of one-off singles since her debut album in 2018
The album, which featured guest appearances by Migos, Chance The Rapper, Kehlani, SZA, 21 Savage, Bad Bunny, J Balvin and YG, set multiple streaming records such as being the first album by a female artist to debut with more than 100 million streams on Apple Music. 
The tracklist, consisting of 13 songs, featured five hit singles, including Bodak Yellow, Bartier Cardi, Be Careful, I Like It and Ring.
Ultimately, Cardi's album debut became the top female rap album of the 2010s, according to the Billboard 200 decade-end chart. 
While it's been six years since she last released a batch of one-off songs like WAP with Megan Thee Stallion, Up, Hot S**t, Girls Like You with Maroon 5, Finesse with Bruno Mars, Please Me with Bruno Mars, Press, Big Paper for DJ Khaled, Wild Side with Normani, Rumors with Lizzo, No Love with SZA, and Enough (Miami), among others.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group