By J. PETERSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:09, 5 December 2024   |  Updated:  00:27, 5 December 2024   
 14
View  comments
Some music fans believe that they've spotted a vulgar detail in this year's Spotify Wrapped.
According to some users, some parts of the transition graphics used for Spotify Wrapped resemble a part of the female anatomy.
'Why was every spotify wrapped transition a vulva?' questioned one user. 
'I kinda like how they made the Spotify Wrapped graphics strongly vaginal to honor the women who birthed all the good music this year,' wrote another.
A third wrote, 'Glad I wasn't the only one thinking WTF is that Spotify? Must be an engagement strategy.' 
Taylor Swift was named Spotify’s 2024 Global Top Artist for the second year in a row, while Beyonce failed to crack any of the top ten lists this year.
Some music fans believe that they've spotted a vulgar detail in this year's Spotify Wrapped
According to some users, some parts of the transition graphics used for Spotify Wrapped resemble a part of the female anatomy
The Karma hitmaker, 34, was named streaming queen by the music giant, earning more than 26.6 billion streams globally.
Swift dominated this year's Spotify Wrapped, featuring heavily in all their top lists of most streamed artists, albums, and songs. 
However, neither Beyonce, 43, her critically-lauded album Cowboy Carter, nor her single Texas Hold 'Em, feature anywhere in the top ten list, showing a shock decline in her streaming popularity.
The news will be sure to enrage her fierce fan base the Beyhive - as it comes just one day after Billboard crowned Beyonce the Greatest Pop Star of the 21st Century, with Swift coming in second to her. 
Taylor took up three spots on the Most-Streamed Albums Globally list.
Her latest album, THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT: THE ANTHOLOGY, released in April, took the top spot.
On Spotify, where Taylor averages 91.6M monthly listeners, TTPD made history as the first album to accumulate one billion streams in a single week (in just five days). 
Taylor also took the sixth spot with her album 1989 (Taylor’s Version), released in 2023, and the eighth spot with her album Lover, released in 2019. 
'I kinda like how they made the Spotify Wrapped graphics strongly vaginal to honor the women who birthed all the good music this year,' wrote another fan
Taylor Swift was named Spotify’s 2024 Global Top Artist for the second year in a row, while Beyonce failed to crack any of the top ten lists this year
Taylor also dominated the U.S. Most-Streamed Artists list, taking the top spot, and took two spots on the Most-Streamed Albums in the U.S. list, including the first place.
Spotify is also giving a special thank you to the Swifties by gifting Swift a first-ever Global Top Artist Badge, which will be added to her Spotify profile. 
Meanwhile Canadian hitmaker The Weeknd was named the second most-streamed artist of the year on Spotify’s 2024 global list after Taylor, while Puerto Rican rapper and singer Bad Bunny took the third spot.
Despite his feud with Kendrick Lamar, hip hop star Drake took the fourth spot. He was followed by Billie Eilish and Travis Scott in the fifth and sixth slots.
Mexican superstar Peso Pluma came in seventh on the global top 10 list, followed by Kanye West, Ariana Grande and Colombian singer Feid in the last spot.
The second most streamed album was Eilish's HIT ME HARD AND SOFT.
Third on the list was Short n’ Sweet by Sabrina Carpenter, followed by MAÑANA SERÁ BONITO by KAROL G, and eternal sunshine by Ariana Grande.
The seventh spot went to SOS by SZA. Fireworks & Rollerblades by Benson Boone came in at nine.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group