Zendaya attends The Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute benefit gala on May 6, 2019, in New York.  She serves as one of the co-chairs for the 2024 event this year. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP, File)Evan Agostini/Invision/AP
One of fashion’s favorite days is here, and you can watch live from home. The 2024 Met Gala red carpet show hosted by E! will kick off on Monday, May 6, at 6 p.m. ET. Watch some of the biggest names in entertainment and fashion arrive, and pick out your favorite looks. 
Stream the live event for free with trials from Fubo and DIRECTV Stream, or watch with Sling. 
On the first Monday in May each year, The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City hosts the Met Gala. The charity event fundraises for the museum’s Costume Institute. Usually, it also marks the opening of an annual fashion exhibition which guests get a preview of. This year’s exhibition theme is “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion.” Using nearly 250 items from the Met’s permanent collection, each piece will be displayed in a new way, relying on digital elements like video animation, CGI and artificial intelligence to alter the appearance. The pieces span 400 years of fashion history and are divided by land, sea and sky zones to pay tribute to the natural world. 
Just as there is an exhibition theme, there is also a red carpet theme that guests will interpret and make their own, arriving with elaborate looks. The 2024 red carpet theme is “The Garden of Time,” after a 1962 short story by J.G. Ballard. While costumes are up to guests and designers, fashion lovers are anticipating lots of floral and botanic looks. 
Expect to see some big names on the carpet who attend every year: Rihanna, Beyoncé, Madonna, Gigi Hadid and Blake Lively. Co-chairs Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, Chris Hemsworth, Bad Bunny and Vogue’s editor-in-chief Anna Wintour will also make an appearance. Watch the glitz and glam grace the Met Gala red carpet tonight, May 6, at 6/5c on E!.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices