By LILY JOBSON FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  15:26, 7 May 2024   |  Updated:  22:34, 19 May 2024   
 7
View  comments
Taylor Russell exuded elegance in a white ruched dress as she arrived at a star-studded afterparty following her Met Gala debut in New York City on Monday.
The Canadian actress, 29, changed into a second look for the iconic celebration on the first Monday in May, turning heads in a chic midi dress for the A-list bash. 
She couldn't wipe the smile off her face as she headed into Casa Cipriani hotel, despite boyfriend Harry Styles nowhere to be seen at the festivities.
Before she arrived to the boozy afterparty, Taylor pulled out all the stops for her carpet debut at the A-list event.
She graced the famed steps wearing a custom Loewe wooden corset, with a draped white skirt.
Taylor Russell, 29, exuded elegance in a white ruched dress as she arrived at a star-studded afterparty following her Met Gala debut in New York City on Monday
The Canadian actress changed into a second look for the iconic celebration on the first Monday in May, turning heads in a chic midi dress for the A-list bash
Stars in attendance for the evening included Kim Kardashian, who sent shockwaves as she flaunted her astonishingly small waist in a silver custom Maison Margiela gown by John Galliano.
Her sister Kylie Jenner kept it simple and chic in a rose-water colored strapless gown by Oscar de la Renta, paired with a rose in her hair. 
Jennifer Lopez posed up a storm on the steps in a dazzling in a sparkling see-through bejeweled ensemble.
Fellow co-chair Zendaya made a statement in a blue and green custom Maison Margiela by John Galliano gown, featuring branch and fruit accents. 
Zendaya slipped on a second look for the Met Gala - a 1996 black Givenchy by John Galliano gown - with an 2007 Alexander McQueen floral hat. 
The Costume Institute's spring exhibition falls on the first Monday in May every year and is held at New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art.
This year the event was titled Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion while the dress code was The Garden of Time.
Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth were this year's co-chairs. Also on the committee is Vogue's Anna Wintour.
She couldn't wipe the smile off her face as she headed into Casa Cipriani hotel, stepping out in stylish black court heels
Taylor flaunted her ample cleavage in the low-cut white ensemble, teamed with black-rimmed sunglasses
The beauty flashed a glistening smile as she was seen at The Carlyle Hotel 
Before she arrived to the boozy afterparty, Taylor pulled out all the stops for her carpet debut at the A-list event
She graced the famed steps wearing a custom Loewe wooden corset, with a draped white skirt
The Costume Institute's spring exhibition falls on the first Monday in May every year and is held at New York City 's Metropolitan Museum of Art
This year the event was titled Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion while the dress code was The Garden of Time
The handmade wooded bodice was designed with intricate florals, framed to her svelte figure
Taylor's boyfriend Harry Styles was nowhere to be seen at the Met Gala on Monday night (pictured in 2019)
The honorary chairs for the evening were Loewe creative director Jonathan Anderson and TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew.
'This year's co-chairs reflect a variety of career achievements, and all have distinct style histories with the Met Gala,' Vogue shared.
The showcase features approximately 250 items drawn from The Costume Institute's permanent collection — with many of the pieces too fragile to ever be worn again.
The pieces will all be displayed using elements such as AI, GCI, and more while playing up themes of land, sea and sky. 
'It is very much an ode to nature and the emotional poetics of fashion,' said Andrew Bolton, Wendy Yu Curator in Charge of The Costume Institute, of the upcoming exhibition. 
'One thing I hope this show will activate is that sensorial appreciation of fashion.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group