Sign in or Subscribe 
See Offers




Account Subscription: ACTIVE
Questions about your account? Our customer service team can be reached at circulation@metln.org during business hours at (207) 791-6000.
'Burning out his fuse up here alone'? Wait. I thought it was 'Bringin' home a ham and provolone'!
You are able to gift 5 more articles this month.
Anyone can access the link you share with no account required.  Learn more.
With a Lewiston Sun Journal subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
It looks like you do not have any active subscriptions. To get one, go to the subscriptions page.
With a Lewiston Sun Journal subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
Did I hear that right?
No, you didn’t. Lady Mondegreen has struck again!
Mondegreens are like the Energizer Bunny, they just keep going and going, right up to the current day. For example, many people misunderstand the line “The burgundy on my T-shirt” from Taylor Swift’s song “Maroon” as “The Burger King on my T-shirt.” And some have thought she’s singing “You take my hand and drag me head first, feet last”” instead of “You take my hand and drag me head first, fearless,” from her song “Fearless.”
In case you don’t remember when we explored some classic mondegreens in this column a few years ago (and why should you?), according to Merriam-Webster: “A mondegreen is a word or phrase that results from a mishearing, especially of something recited or sung.”
The term was coined by essayist Sylvia Wright who in 1954 listened to her mother read a poem that included the passage “They hae slain the Earl Amurray and laid him on the green.” What Wright thought her mother said was “They hae slain the Earl Amurray and Lady Mondegreen.” The poor woman!
The term, which is also known as an “oronym,” was later popularized by San Francisco Chronicle columnist Jon Carroll.Advertisement
So let’s take a look at some more mondegreens, starting with Creedence Clearwater Revival’s John Fogerty, who some thought must have worked as a flight attendant when he advised fans that “There’s a bathroom on the right.” Actual lyrics: “There’s a bad moon on the rise.” (Some folks also thought there might be a baboon on the rise.)
Other animals also seem to be subjects of popular mondegreens. “The ants are my friends, they’re blowin’ in the wind,” are probably not what Bob Dylan had in mind when he wrote about where to look for the answers to all the questions he posed in his popular 1962 protest ballad.
And if I’m paranoid enough to hear “police have a dog” when I’m listening to Jose Feliciano’s Christmas classic “Feliz Navidad,” please hit me with your pet shark, which is what some people think they hear when listening to Pat Benatar’s “Hit Me With Your Best Shot.”
Be careful, because I’m here to warn you that if you buy those “Two Tickets to Paradise” from Eddie Money, you might just end up between two chickens with parrot eyes. Don’t say I didn’t warn you.
Speaking of chickens, you know that girl who left the Beatles, the one with a”Ticket to Ride”? Well, some people thought she was leaving because she had a tick in her eye. Ouch.
Some listeners to Elvis Presley’s “Jailhouse Rock” thought the whole cell block was in a wholesale frock. If that’s the case, it’s easy to see how ZZ Top singing “everybody’s crazy ‘bout a sharp-dressed man” got some fans “crazy ‘bout a shot-glass man.”Advertisement
If you’ve ever wondered what Bachman-Turner Overdrive was up to when they were “Takin’ Care of Business,” some folks think it might have been “makin’ carrot biscuits.”
I always believed that if “slow-walking Walter, fire engine guy” had moved a little faster, Deep Purple might not have had to sing about “smoke on the water, fire in the sky.”
And finally, is it better to say “I’ve Got a Bad Case of Lovin’ You,” as Robert Palmer did, or “I’ve got a backache from loving you.” I’ll leave that choice up to you.
Jim Witherell of Lewiston is a writer and lover of words whose work includes “L.L. Bean: The Man and His Company” and “Ed Muskie: Made in Maine.” He can be reached at jlwitherell19@gmail.com.
Comments are not available on this story. Read more about why we allow commenting on some stories and not on others.
We believe it’s important to offer commenting on certain stories as a benefit to our readers. At its best, our comments sections can be a productive platform for readers to engage with our journalism, offer thoughts on coverage and issues, and drive conversation in a respectful, solutions-based way. It’s a form of open discourse that can be useful to our community, public officials, journalists and others. 
We do not enable comments on everything — exceptions include most crime stories, and coverage involving personal tragedy or sensitive issues that invite personal attacks instead of thoughtful discussion. 
You can read more here about our commenting policy and terms of use. More information is also found on our FAQs. 
Show less
Send questions/comments to the editors.


			« Previous		



			Next »