AllHipHop
AllHipHop
The Odd Future founder will join fellow headlines Lana Del Rey and Doja Cat. 

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Tyler, The Creator is among the dozens of artists booked for the annual Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival in Indio, California this spring. He’ll headline alongside Doja Cat and Lana Del Rey as well as a surprise reunion from ’90s ska-influenced band No Doubt.
Other performers on the bill include Sublime (with the late Bradley Nowell’s son now taking over vocal duties), Lil Uzi Vert, Peso Pluma, Ice Spice, Kevin Abstract, J Balvin and Jhené Aiko. Goldenvoice unveiled the lineup on Tuesday afternoon (January 16), roughly three months before show time. As in the years prior, Coachella will take place at the Empire Polo Club on the weekends of April 12-14 and 19-21.
A post shared by Goldenvoice (@goldenvoice)
As for No Doubt, members Gwen Stefani, Adrian Young, Tony Kanal and Tom Dumont teased a reunion show with an Instagram video just a few hours before the official announcement was made. The clip included Stefani jumping on a Zoom with the other guys and talking about their desire to do a show. Fans are hoping this is just the beginning of a string of reunion shows for the band.
A post shared by No Doubt (@nodoubt)
Tyler, The Creator has yet to speak on the announcement publicly. Last year’s desert gathering included sets by Bad Bunny, BLACKPINK, Frank Ocean and blink-182, although Ocean dropped out of the second weekend after a disastrous first appearance. Fans and critics alike slammed the former Odd Future member for his lackluster performance and tardiness.
Ocean’s agency shared a statement, explaining he’d suffered an injury to his leg on festival grounds in the week leading up to the event.
“Frank Ocean was unable to perform the intended show but was still intent on performing, and in 72 hours, the show was reworked out of necessity,” it read. “On doctor’s advice, Frank Ocean is not able to perform weekend 2 due to two fractures and a sprain in his left leg.”
Ocean also shared his own statement, saying at the time, “It was chaotic. There is some beauty in chaos. It isn’t what I intended to show but I did enjoy being out there and I’ll see you soon.”
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity