By REBECCA LAWRENCE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:03, 18 June 2024   |  Updated:  14:08, 18 June 2024   
 365
View  comments
Nine years ago Lewis Raymond Taylor was convicted for the 11th time after punching a man so hard the victim had a mini-stroke and a bleed on his brain. 
Less than a decade later, Lewis is the CEO of $25million life coaching business The Coaching Masters, and became an overnight celebrity following the release of a Netflix documentary about his life.
An impressive feat for anyone by any means, but in Lewis's case there's another interesting factor: he's a psychopath. 
Rounding off an interesting array of anecdotes for Lewis is the fact he's now mentoring Katie Price to become a life coach. 
So how does he do it? Lewis told MailOnline in an exclusive chat with his new client Katie.  
Lewis Raymond Taylor is the CEO of $25million life coaching business The Coaching Masters and became an overnight celebrity following the release of a Netflix documentary about him
Dubbed The Psychopath Life Coach, Lewis, 34, has a history of violence, drug addiction and prison stints. 
Lewis' father was an alcoholic who would regularly put him down.
By his own admission: 'This created voices in my head: you’re not good enough and you don’t deserve to be successful. This inner dialogue completely paralysed me, too scared of people thinking I was stupid, or failing and proving my dad right, or succeeding and proving my dad wrong.' 
He was sexually abused at the age of 11 and by 13 he began getting into trouble with the law, being slapped with an ASBO the following year. 
Lewis's 20s were dominated by violence, prison sentences and drug and alcohol abuse.
In 2015 he nearly killed a man after a punch up outside a taxi rank resulted in his victim suffering a bleed on the brain.  
Having hit rock bottom, Lewis realised: 'I was repeating the same cycles and doing the same things over and over again, expecting a different result. That's the definition of insanity!
'So for the first time, I started to take responsibility for myself and look at myself in the mirror and realise that if I wanted my life to change then I had to change.'
When asked if he has any regrets, Lewis confessed: 'I don't know, which is quite a controversial thing to say, given obviously some of the damage that I've caused, but I know the impact that I've now had and the ripple effect on people's lives.
'I've trained 10,000 life coaches and they've gone off to coach thousands of people and those people are in a better place to be around so the ripple effect is millions. 
'So if I'm looking at it logically, which I do with my antisocial personality disorder characteristics, well, I've done this huge, impactful, positive thing.
'I've also done these very bad things that I wish I didn't do. However, if I didn't do them, I wouldn't have done these things. So I have no regrets now.'
Dubbed The Psychopath Life Coach, Lewis, 34, has a history of violence, drug addiction and prison stints and now he's training Katie Price to become a life coach  
Now Lewis hosts his own podcast, Life Reclaimed, and had his life story featured in Netflix documentary, The Psychopath Life Coach, last year. 
Explaining where the name came from, he shared: 'When I was 18, I was diagnosed with an antisocial personality disorder, which is the clinical term that's associated with psychopathy. 
'So, I am technically a psychopath and I'm also a life coach. 
'Neurodiversity is a marginalized part of society where people put this label of a psychopath on people when actually there's a lot more to it. 
'There's a lot of people on this spectrum that have these antisocial personality traits and don't always do things negatively. Sometimes they harness those skills for positives.'
Lewis's business is all about training other life coaches to succeed, to grow their business and make more money.
The Coaching Masters and the assets it holds are valued at $25million. The company has made $10million in around seven years, most of which has been reinvested in the business.
It's a transformation that impressed not just millions of viewers, but Katie too.
The glamour model, 46, is currently seeking Lewis' help in training to become a life coach and the pair will document their journey in a new TV show. 
Lewis is not naïve in thinking that he and Katie won't be judged for their colourful pasts. 
However, as he pointed out, this is exactly what makes them the perfect candidates for life coaching. 
Lewis explained: 'I think a lot of people are going to be laughing and joking and saying: "How can a psychopath be a life coach?  How can Katie Price be a life coach when she's put herself in this situation and that situation?"
'But you've got to think Katie's been in the industry for decades, still inspiring people and still has millions of followers. It takes a lot of resilience to be able to do that. 
'There will be a lot of people that have a lot of negative things to say, but there'll also be a lot of people that have been inspired and empowered by Katie for decades now. 
'She will make a very big difference to a lot of people because they will resonate and connect with her in a way that they won't resonate and connect with anybody else.
'So watch out, Katie Price is here to make a difference.'
The pair are so hellbent on proving their doubters wrong that they are filming a TV show about their life coaching journey in Bali this year. 
Lewis is not naïve in thinking that he and Katie won't be judged for their pasts. However he believes that this is exactly what makes them the perfect candidates for life coaching
As for Katie, she admitted that she 'lives and breathes trauma', and so was inspired by Lewis' story. 
'You couldn't make this up!' Katie exclaimed. 'When you see his story, you would never ever think in a million years watching him in his younger days how he would turn things around.
'He's a prime example of how you can have a real s**t time and turn things around if you get yourself together and get the help that you need.'
No one knows more about trying to heal and move on from trauma than Katie. 
In 2018, after being robbed and raped during a horrific carjacking in South Africa, Katie had a mental breakdown and attempted suicide.
She was the first to point out during our chat: 'I've got severe ADHD and severe PTSD. I've been through break-ups, marriages, kidnapped threats, hijacked, held at gunpoint, you name it, I've been through it. 
'And then I had a breakdown, a bad breakdown, survived that and came out the other end. I just feel that I've been through so much. 
'I want to be a life coach because I do live and breathe trauma, I've been through drama, real life events and I've come through the other end. So if I can help people in any way I can, then I will.' 
Now it's clear she wants to pass on the wisdom that she's been taught through her years of therapy and start her life coaching journey.
'Nowadays I'm very calm,' she explained. 'I know how to manage things and my expectations, and I wish I had the knowledge I have now and how to cope with situations. 
'If anything bad happens, I try and think of a positive for it. I'm still crazy and chaotic, because that's just me. I've still got the personality, still like to be creative. 
'But now, I'm in control. No one's controlling me. I am me. No one, absolutely no one, would break me now, never.'
If you have been affected by this story, you can call the Samaritans on 116 123 or visit www.samaritans.org 
For help with drink and drugs call FRANK 24 hours a day, 7 days a week on 0300 123 6600, text 82111 or visit www.talktofrank.com/contact 
A household name in the UK, Katie Price has lived out the highs and lows of life in the spotlight. 
An open book with her fans, the mother-of-five has documented many of her woes on her various reality series and in tell-all interviews. 
Having courted the limelight as a teenage glamour model, the public have witnessed Jordan's rocket to  fame and occasional falls from grace. 
Despite her fame and wealth, life has not come easily for Katie, who has battled bankruptcy, burglaries, assaults and drug abuse, while also navigating a very rocky love life. 
Now we take a look back at her turbulent past. 
Struggles: Despite her fame and wealth, life has not come easily for Katie, who has battled bankruptcy, burglaries, assaults and drug abuse, while also navigating a very rocky love life
ROCKY ROMANCES  
Katie's quest for love has seen her tie the knot three times and get engaged eight. 
In 1996, Katie, then a surgery-free 18-year-old, got engaged to Gladiator star Warren Furman, now 48, (better known as Ace), but they split in two years later.
She was also technically engaged to businessman Scott Sullivan, but has since admitted her heart wasn't in it when he gave her a ring just before she was about to enter the I'm A Celebrity jungle in 2004, where she famously met Peter Andre. 
Katie fell madly in love with Pete, 48, on the show and the pair got married in 2006. They went on to have two children; son Junior, 15, and Princess, 13, before they split in 2009. 
Admitting she was on the 'rebound' Katie started dating cage fighter Alex Reid, 45, a mere eight weeks after her split from Pete. 
Following a whirlwind romance the pair wed in Las Vegas in January 2010 but the marriage fell apart less than a year later. 
First marriage: Katie went on I'm A Celebrity in 2004 where she famously met Peter Andre. Katie fell madly in love with Pete, 48, on the show and the pair got married in 2006
Two years later Katie fell for Argentinian model model Leandro Penna, 35, after meeting him at Elton John's Oscars party in LA. 
Revealing she bedded him on the first night, the pair went on to get engaged before they split in 2012.  
Later that year, Katie met part-time stripper and plasterer Kieran Hayler, who is nine years her junior. 
The pair exchanged vows a mere five weeks later with Katie already pregnant with the couple's first son Jett. 
However, in 2017 the pair announced they were going to divorce, three years after she found out about Kieran's affairs with her friends Jane Poutney and Chrissy Thomas.  
In July 2019, Katie announced she was engaged again to personal trainer Kris Boyson, 32, after a year of dating. 
Second husband: Admitting she was on the 'rebound' Katie started dating cage fighter Alex Reid, 45, a mere eight weeks after her split from Pete
The reality star - who was still legally married to third husband Kieran at the time- made the shock announcement during an appearance on Loose Women. 
Their engagement was short-lived however as the couple split in November of that year, with Katie admitting to Kris that she cheated on him. 
The reality star went on to find love with Carl Woods in July 2020 and the couple got engaged in April 2021. 
Three months later her divorce with Kieran was made official and she set about planning her wedding to Carl. 
However, it wasn't meant to be as in November 2022 Carl revealed he had dumped Katie after claiming he found out she allegedly slept with someone else - and admitted to it.
Third husband: In 2012 Katie met part-time stripper and plasterer Kieran Hayler, who is nine years her junior. The pair exchanged vows a mere five weeks later 
BRUSHES WITH THE LAW
Katie is no stranger to court, having risked jail time on multiple occasions due to various driving violations. 
In 2003, Katie swerved a speeding charge after police failed to arrest her within 12 weeks of allegedly clocking 70mph in a 40mph zone in her Range Rover.
Five years later she landed three penalty points after being caught talking on her mobile phone while driving. In 2009 she failed to provide the identity of the driver after her car was allegedly caught speeding in a 30mph zone and was later handed four penalty points after being clocked at 99mph and was handed four points on her licence.
The following year she was convicted for failing to be in proper control of her horsebox after veering into another lane in February and was given three points on her licence, bringing her total to 10.
Brushes with the law: Katie is no stranger to court, having risked jail time on multiple occasions due to various driving violations 
Later that year she was banned from driving for six months after doing 83mph in a 70mph zone in her home county of West Sussex.
In 2012, Katie was disqualified for 12 months for failing to respond to two speeding tickets in September.
After a quiet few years Katie landed a six-month ban in February 2018 for speeding after totting up 12 penalty points for speeding. In July, photos emerged of her driving while still banned. Then in October she was arrested on suspicion of drink driving and spent 13 hours in custody after crashing into a VW Golf and a hedge on a gated estate at 2am.
In 2019 she was given a three-month ban for driving while disqualified in January of that year and was later handed a five-year restraining order banning her from contacting Michelle Penticost either directly or indirectly after hurling abuse at her during an argument at a school playground.
Accident: In 2021 she crashed her BMW car on a country road near her West Sussex home in the early hours of the morning after drinking and taking drugs
Then in October, Katie was banned from driving for a further 18 months for failing to inform police who was behind the wheel of her pink Range Rover during a crash in Bexley, south east London.
Two years later she crashed her BMW car on a country road near her West Sussex home in the early hours of the morning after drinking and taking drugs.
She pleaded guilty at Crawley Magistrates of drink driving, driving while disqualified and driving without insurance and is handed a 16-week suspended prison sentence.
In 2022 she then pleaded guilty to breaching a five-year restraining order not to contact, directly or indirectly, Michelle Penticost.
She avoided jail again after claiming she 'misunderstood' the rules of a restraining order when she sent a 'vile and nasty' message about her ex-husband's fiancée. 
Broken: In 2022 Katie pleaded guilty to breaching a five-year restraining order not to contact, directly or indirectly, Michelle Penticost, Kieran Hayler's fiancée (pictured) 
FINANCIAL WOES 
Katie was declared bankrupt in 2019 with debts of £3.2m from her failed company Jordan Trading Ltd, that was set up to oversee her perfume and cosmetics line.
She set up the company in 2003 but in 2017 an application was put in to wind up the company as she tried to sort out her finances.
When the mother-of-five was declared bankrupt she vowed to pay back £12,000 a month to creditors of the firm through an individual voluntary arrangement.
The bankruptcy meant Katie, once worth a reported £45million, faced losing her £2million 11-bedroom mansion.
She took out a second mortgage on the property in 2015, but faced monthly payments of £12,300.
In June 2022 the former model had been due to attend the Royal Court of Justice to explain to a judge why she has failed to repay millions owed to creditors.
However, the hearing was adjourned at the last minute with her solicitors giving no reason for Katie's no show before the court.
Despite being bankrupt Katie has seemingly led a lavish life, including exotic holidays to Las Vegas and Thailand.
Money: Katie was declared bankrupt in 2019 with debts of £3.2m from her failed company Jordan Trading Ltd, that was set up to oversee her perfume and cosmetics line
ADDICTION STRUGGLES 
Katie's children have threatened to 'never speak to her again' if she took cocaine after her highly publicised battle with drugs. 
Katie also visited The Priory in 2018 when she spent 28 days as an inpatient after her family urged her to seek help following wild partying antics in Mallorca.
At the time, she was confronted by her loved ones after shocking footage emerged of her rapping 'I love coke' during a booze-fuelled hen do.
Katie broke down after the intervention and admitted she needed help to get over her chaotic behaviour, which she blamed on her PTSD.
Way back when: In 2020 Katie revealed she had been taking monthly drug tests to 'build trust' with her ex-husbands Peter Andre and Kieran Hayler (pictured in 2002) 
She later said: 'My family and friends were hurt, they didn't know what to do. All these years in the industry I never have [done drugs] but I purely did it to self-medicate, I went to the doctors and told them the truth... 
'Self-medicating on drugs really, it was disgusting, but it was my way of dealing with it. At least I can hold my hands up, if I didn't speak out now, I would still be in a rut'. 
In 2020 Katie revealed she had been taking monthly drug tests to 'build trust' with her ex-husbands Peter Andre and Kieran Hayler, with whom she shares four children. 
In 2021, Katie crashed her BMW while double the drink-drive limit after leaving her home to allegedly hunt for drugs during an all-night alcohol and cocaine bender. 
In November 2022 Katie's ex Carl Woods reportedly leaked a recording of his former partner speaking about drugs.
In the midst of their break-up, Carl was said to have released a recording which allegedly hears Katie saying she didn't turn up to an event 'because I was on coke'. 
Recordings: In November 2022 Katie's ex Carl Woods reportedly leaked a recording of his former partner speaking about drugs
THE MUCKY MANSION 
Katie purchased a sprawling property in West Sussex for £1.3million back in 2014 with the hope of turning it into a cosy family home. 
However the property was left in disarray after various mishaps, including fly tipping, floods, a fire and burglaries. 
Renovations kicked off in June 2019, but the influencer was left devastated when the mucky mansion was broken into and destroyed by intruders a year later. 
In June 2020, thieves broke in to steal her I'm A Celebrity rucksack and leant the shower head over the ceiling which caused the bathroom to flood and the ceiling to collapse.
Just weeks later, she suffered a fresh blow as thieves broke in again, and she vowed to up security after a neighbour witnessed three men on her private property.
In 2021 the place was ransacked yet again, with thieves stealing old photographs and hard drives. 
The following year she landed a £45,000 payday to chart her renovations in the Channel 4 series Katie Price's Mucky Mansion.
She bagged a second series of the show but filming was allegedly been thrown into mayhem since her 'filthy' house is too dirty for production crews to shoot in.
Rubbish: Katie purchased a sprawling property in West Sussex for £1.3million back in 2014 with the hope of turning it into a cosy family home 
ASSAULT 
Katie suffered trauma from a young age, revealing she was raped in a park at the age of seven. 
The former Page 3 star detailed the damage the ordeal has caused during an appearance on Loose Women in 2017, stating: 'There was the sexual assault and I was later raped.
'I have discussed before and I do believe it led to me dressing provocatively and becoming a model.
'I had been training to be a nurse but the glamour modelling world is aimed at men. They can look but they can't touch. You can say or do what you like in a picture.'
The media personality was also sexually exploited by a photographer as a child, revealing: 'He took indecent photographs that I thought were innocent at the time. I was 12. He made me do pictures where I was sticking my tongue out. They looked young and girly but to him. It is sexual. He used to make these milkshakes.
'I never took one because I didn't like it. The police when they came around.. that's what he did he made the girls drink them and he drugged them.'
Shocking: Katie suffered trauma from a young age, revealing she was raped in a park at the age of seven (pictured in 1995 at the age of 17)  
In 2018, Katie was raped at gunpoint during a horrifying carjacking in South Africa. 
Katie was thrown out of the vehicle by the attackers, during her journey from Johannesburg to Swaziland in two people carriers with the production crew.
The vehicles were ransacked of laptops, iPads, passports, cash and jewellery – but the robbers left behind a fortune in camera gear which the crew had stored on board. The attackers were never apprehended.
In September 2021 Katie was allegedly punched in the face at her home in Essex, with a 32-year-old man who was then held on suspicious of assault. 
Police were called to the former glamour model's at around 1.30am on August 23, where a man was arrested on suspicion of assault, theft and coercive and controlling behaviour. 
Katie was taken to hospital and was pictured the following day with bruises to her face and an injured lip. 
Bruised: In September 2021 Katie was allegedly punched in the face at her home in Essex, with a 32-year-old man who was then held on suspicious of assault 
MENTAL HEALTH BATTLES
Katie has been open about her struggle with anxiety and depression. 
In September, the mother-of-five revealed that she attempted suicide after suffering from 'anxiety, depression and major trauma' following her horrific 2018 carjacking.
The reality star admitted she hit rock bottom after she was raped at gunpoint during the ordeal and tried to hang herself, but after passing out she 'saw her kids faces' and realised she 'never wanted it to happen again.'
Katie also said she'll likely need therapy 'for the rest of her life,' after being diagnosed with PTSD. 
She has received help for her mental health struggles during several stints at The Priory. 
Katie thanked her therapist in a sweet Instagram post in May 2022 as she gave an update on her mental health. 
She penned: 'I'm so proud of myself and how far I've come changing the ways I now deal with situations that I've now learnt are my trigger points that I wasn't about to control before.
'Thank you to my therapists, consultant and my support network around me,' Katie added a red heart emoji.
She added: 'Tomorrow finally is a chapter I've completed in moving forwards, I'll let you know tomorrow what it is.'
Candid: Katie has been open about her struggle with anxiety and depression and previously attempted suicide  
FAMILY MATTERS 
Katie welcomed her first child, Harvey, in September 2022 but his father Dwight Yorke denied he was the father, until a DNA test proved his paternity. 
The former glamour model and the former premier league footballer  briefly had a romance in 2001, and broke up soon after Katie fell pregnant. 
Katie has claimed Dwight 'disowned' their son and has no contact with him. 
Her relationship with her son was shown in two BBC documentaries that charted Harvey transitioning into adulthood and Katie's journey into researching for a specialist college that caters to Harvey's complex needs.
Harvey is on the autism spectrum and was born with disabilities including partial blindness, ADHD and Prader-Willi syndrome.
Family matters: Katie is pictured with son Harvey, 20, Junior, 17, and Princess, 15, shared with ex-husband Peter Andre and has Bunny, eight, and Jett, nine, with ex Kieran Hayler
Katie is also mother to Junior, 17, and Princess, 15, with ex-husband Peter Andre and has Bunny, eight, and Jett, nine, with ex Kieran Hayler.
In August 2022, Katie claimed she has limited access to her two youngest children after her already strained relationship with their father broke down. 
Katie's mother Amy suffers from the terminal illness idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis- which causes scarring to the lungs and makes it difficult to breathe, after being diagnosed in 2017.
The star previously revealed she's begun to organise her mother's funeral, after 'accepting' her death is imminent.
Katie had previously revealed she offered one of her own lungs for Amy, because she is currently waiting to see if she can have a transplant 
Little is known about Katie's biological father Ray after he walked out on Katie and her mother when she was just four years old.
Struggle: Katie's mother Amy suffers from the terminal illness idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis- which causes scarring to the lungs and makes it difficult to breathe
BOTCHED SURGERY AND INJURIES 
Katie has undergone an array of procedures over the years, including rhinoplasty, a silhouette facelift, 3D, veneers, lip fillers and Botox. 
In 2015, just before appearing on Celebrity Big Brother, the reality star had a botched boob reduction that left her with a hole in her breast and an implant protruding from her flesh.
Katie told her shocked housemates: 'I’ve got no tits anymore. They’ve gone. There’s not even anything there. If you saw what I’m like underneath. The scar’s gone septic. My whole implant was hanging out on New Year’s Day.'
Shortly after leaving the Big Brother house she underwent corrective surgery and had her implants swapped for a D-cup.
Katie claimed her first face lift in 2017 had been a botched job and went back under the knife the following year aged 40 to correct it.
She said at the time 'I need to get my face re-corrected after surgeon has totally f**ked my face up'.
Ouch: Just before she starred on Celebrity Big Brother in 2015 the star had a botched boob reduction that left her with a hole in her breast
He agent added: 'She had the thread and it really quite distorted her look. She got a lot of backlash, a lot of negative press, a lot of trolling, everyone saying she’d taken it too far, when actually it was a job that had not gone to plan.'
 In 2012 she jetted to Belgium to correct botched surgery on her breasts, saying her surgeon was utterly shocked by the 'awful' previous procedure.
Katie said: 'They looked deformed, they were absolutely awful. That's the first time I've gone to a different surgeon. I had to go back to Frank with my head down, ashamed that I'd been to another clinic.'
In August 2020, Katie revealed a freak accident had left her with two broken feet after she had plummeted 25ft off a wall at a theme park in Turkey.
Upon her return to the UK, she was left using a wheelchair and fearing she would be paralysed before doctors told her she could be in recovery for up to two years and was initially unable to walk for six months.
Hospitalised: In 2020 Katie returned to Turkey to have another set of veneers then jetted to Belgium to correct a  botched boob job 
PET TRAGEDIES  
Katie has been lambasted by animal charities and petitions have been set up to stop her owning animals after several pets died under her care. 
In November 2022, Katie's beloved dog Sharon was killed when she allegedly escaped and ran onto the road where she was hit by a car.
Pomeranian Sharon was picked up off the A24 by the driver of the vehicle and taken to to Arun Vets in Pulborough, West Sussex, where her death was confirmed. 
Weeks before she was left distraught after losing her beloved Chihuahua Captain while on holiday in Dorset. 
Katie's dogs Rolo, Queenie and Sparkle died in recent years, while she has also lost a pet chameleon and a beloved horse. 
In 2021 it was revealed she she gave away her daughter Princess' puppy Precious to a member of the crew on her TV show. 
Sad news: In November 2022, Katie's beloved dog Sharon (bottom right) was killed when she allegedly escaped and ran onto the road where she was hit by a car

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group