Jimmy Humilde, founder of L.A.’s trailblazing regional Mexican record label Rancho Humilde, is writing a new narrative about Mexican American success — and it starts with Mexicans no longer being embattled underdogs in the stories we tell about them. (Think “Stand and Deliver” and “Selena.”) 
Discover the changemakers who are shaping every cultural corner of Los Angeles. L.A. Influential brings you the moguls, politicians, artists and others telling the story of a city constantly in flux.
“I’m trying to get away from all that,” said Humilde, calling from his mansion in Downey — where  three years ago, I happened upon his indoor shark tank and got a tour of his extensive low-rider collection. “There’s a reason why our label’s music has been hitting. Our artists are not out here like, ‘We’re poor and we don’t have anything.’ It’s more like, ‘What we have, we appreciate it.’ There is no better moment than today to say, ‘I’m Mexican American, I’m a Chicano.’ Now let’s get it!” 
Long before Humilde became a buzzy independent music mogul, he was raised in Venice by Mexican parents. Working at a taco truck by day, by night he raised his profile as a party promoter throughout Southern California. Inspired by West Coast hip-hop stronghold Death Row Records, as well as the famed corrido singer Chalino Sánchez, Humilde began booking and developing Mexican bands such as Hijos de Barrón and Komando Negro — who eventually ditched him to sign deals with more resourced record labels. “I had to start my own thing,” said Humilde, now 44.
Established formally in 2011 by Humilde and his friends, José “JB” Becerra and Roque “Rocky” Venegas, Rancho Humilde has since emerged as the home of a hot, increasingly mainstreaming sound that’s so essentially Los Angeles: corridos tumbados, or Mexican folk songs imbued with the hustler ethos of American gangster rap and trap. 
Since then, Bad Bunny, Steve Aoki and Snoop Dogg have all lined up to collaborate with Rancho Humilde’s first international star, Natanael Cano. Before breaking out this year, Peso Pluma, the chart-topping newcomer from Jalisco, sought collaborations with Humilde’s artists to gain visibility; Rancho Humilde’s most acclaimed act, Fuerza Regida, recently backed Colombian pop icon Shakira in “El Jefe,” a smoking revenge corrido aimed at her ex-partner, Gerard Piqué. 
While some fans balked at what they perceived to be a pop star’s cynical appropriation of Mexican music, Humilde embraced Shakira’s corrido as a positive sign of the times.
“If someone else wants to use our sound to become a success with it, I’m excited,” Humilde said. “We are building a culture — the way we talk, the way we dress, the way we sing — and it’s cool.” 
Follow Us
Suzy Exposito is the assistant editor and previous culture columnist for the De Los team at the Los Angeles Times. She joined the newsroom as a music reporter in October 2020 and previously spearheaded the Latin music section at Rolling Stone. Exposito has also written for Vogue, Elle and Vanity Fair.
Follow Us
Christina House is a staff photojournalist with the Los Angeles Times. She officially joined the visual journalism team in 2017 after 10 years as a freelance photographer. House grew up in Long Beach and is a graduate of Cal State Fullerton. Her love for photography started when she visited the Philippines, her mother’s native country, at age 7. That unforgettable experience inspired her to pick up a camera. House won the 2023 Pulitzer Prize for Feature Photography and the 2022 Robert F. Kennedy Journalism Award for Domestic Photography for “Hollywood’s Finest,” an intimate look into the life of a pregnant 22-year-old woman living on the street. She received the 2021 Cliff Edom New America Award and was honored in the portrait series category for her work on “Game Changers: A Celebration of Women in Sports” from the 2021 National Press Photographers Assn.’s Best of Photojournalism awards.
Subscribe for unlimited accessSite Map
Follow Us
MORE FROM THE L.A. TIMES