FRESH TUNES
It’s Friday, which means it’s time for our weekly roundup of the freshest music releases. Bad Bunny stole the spotlight with his latest single, but plenty of A-list stars and rising talent also delivered dance-worthy tracks and heartfelt love songs. Start your weekend vibes now!
Bad Bunny adds a twist to his classic reggaeton sound with "EL CLúB." The track acts as another love letter to Puerto Rico and takes you on a journey of genre-bending magic with electronic and salsa elements and ear-catching percussion. It comes with a stunning and psychedelic music video and is a testimony to his vision and the collaborators he chooses to work with. The end of the video also teased "DTmF," coming in 2025, with fans thinking it's a new album.
TINI returns to the spotlight with her latest release, “el cielo,” blending dance, pop, and afrobeat influences for a track that feels like a fresh start for the Argentine singer.
Two powerhouses Xavi and Fuerza Regida come together for "SRT." As two of the biggest names in Mexican Regional music, their unique voices and sound is a perfect collaboration. 
Caloncho blesses his fans with an extended version of his Latin Grammy-nominated album, Tofu. It includes four additional tracks like "Hora Dorada," an acoustic ballad that will make you sway and daydream about the person who lights up your life like a golden hour. 
Rebecca Black, who is Mexican-American on her maternal side gets fun and sassy with the pop club banger "Sugar Water Cyanide. " 
"Vaivén" is the latest release from emerging artist Lafér, a unique fusion of indie folk and Colombian music, particularly bambuco, that marks the start of her upcoming EP, set to be released in 2025. With over 11 years of experience in the music industry and recognition from her participation in La Descarga, Lafér blends elements of R&B, Soul, and Rock with a narrative focus that reflects her most profound emotions and thoughts. "Vaivén" captures a story of desire, connection, and movement, showcasing her ability to innovate while staying true to her roots, positioning herself as one of the most promising revelations in Latin music.
Argentine singer Tiago PZK is the latest artist to collaborate with Mexican regional superstars Grupo Frontera. The rapper throws on his cowboy hat for an epic fusion of Argentina and Mexico with a genre-blending track that will light up your ears. 
24-year-old Filipino-Native American TEHYA, a rising singer-songwriter, producer, and multi-instrumentalist TEHYA releases “spoons for sweets." “Spoons stems from such a hyper-specific memory of a man I met a while ago literally stealing a dessert spoon for me. Our acquaintance was fairly short-lived, but every moment with him was so full of life, curiosity, and playfulness. We rarely play anymore, as adults. His demeanor inspired so much in me. “spoons for sweets” dives into that lightheartedness, as well as surrounding areas of my life, some more bittersweet than others, that the experience invoked," she shared in a press release. 
Mexican Music superstar Carín León closes out 2024 by releasing his second album of the year, Palabra de To's which includes the raw and beautiful 'Decreté." “The album's name came from a wordplay that emerged during a conversation with friends about our previous album series, Colmillo de Leche and Boca Chueca. We kept stylizing everything related to speech and mouth,” León said in a press release. “That's why it's called Palabra de To's, which plays with the word tos (cough) – a disruptive, tiring, annoying sound – creating a wordplay with 'todos' (everyone), representing all the warriors and soldiers who have given Regional Mexican music a new face to the world and, most importantly, are making it relevant everywhere," added the singer.
Latin GRAMMY-nominated ALOK, who is performing at Coachella, releases his new track “Body Talk” featuring Clementine Douglas. The upbeat electronic track is perfect for the steamy dance floors. 
Up-and-coming artist Mari “La Carajita” has released her new single, "Fresa." “Fresa is my way of celebrating who I am and everything I’ve overcome,” the artist shared in a press release, explaining that the track is about self-discovery and staying true to yourself. 
© ¡HOLA! Reproduction of this article and its photographs in whole or in part is prohibited, even when citing their source.