By NIC WHITE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:49, 1 December 2024   |  Updated:  17:49, 1 December 2024   
 131
View  comments
A pet bunny died lying in its own urine and feces after it was mysteriously paralyzed in the care of a five-star Rover pet-sitter.
Katlyn Mohr left her four-year-old Flemish Giant rabbit BoBo at her home in small-town Washington when she went on a month-long work trip to Australia.
She hired Danielle through the Rover pet-sitting app to check on BoBo from September 18 and make sure he was healthy and well-fed.
But when Mohr returned home on October 20, she was shocked to find her beloved pet with open wounds on his side and his flesh 'falling off'.
Vets confirmed BoBo suffered 'nonambulatory paraplegia', severe urine scalding and ulcers, and huge weight loss and muscle wasting.
With no prospect of recovery and continued suffering, a distraught Mohr agreed to have him euthanized that night.
A camera in the room with BoBo's hutch that recorded the last seven days caught Danielle roughly dragging him around the room 'like a ragdoll' and posing him in positions to hide his condition, then taking photos to send to Mohr.
'I was, and still am, beyond shocked in the condition I saw him in. It breaks my heart to think of what those weeks were like for him while I blindly trusted in her,' she told DailyMail.com.
'Whatever did happen, she will need to live with.'
Katlyn Mohr left her four-year-old Flemish Giant rabbit BoBo at her home in small-town Washington when she went on a month-long work trip to Australia, and hired a Rover pet-sitter
When Mohr returned home on October 20, she was shocked to find her beloved pet with open wounds on his side and his flesh 'falling off'
Mohr claimed Rover gave her a partial refund but refused to pay vet bills or kick Danielle off the platform, claiming the pet-sitter was just 'ignorant' of how to care for exotic animals and calling BoBo's death 'an unfortunate circumstance'.
'They offered me money for a new bunny as if he was a toy they accidentally stepped on and broke,' she said.
BoBo's ordeal began when Mohr, a manager at an investment advisory firm, needed someone to check in on him and her two dogs.
She found Danielle, who had a five-star rating on Rover from 20 reviews and the coveted 'star sitter' status the app promoted as its best.
Mohr said her pets 'are her world' and brought Danielle to meet her fur family, then went on a weekend away as a trial run.
'She reassured me that there wouldn't be any issues with the daily visits to check on BoBo, said she would treat them as her own family,' she said.
The beloved bunny seemed happy and energetic for the first week or so in photos and videos she was sent, until Danielle told her BoBo had diarrhea.
She claimed she took him to the vet and was told to change the rabbit's diet, and his health soon returned to normal.
How BoBo usually looks as Mohr feeds him vegetables in her home
BoBo hanging out with one of Mohr's two dogs he shares the house with
Mohr said her pets 'are her world' and brought Danielle to meet her fur family, then went on a weekend away as a trial run 
But Mohr noticed the photos Danielle was sending her were all of BoBo in or next to his hutch, which he rarely spent time in as he preferred to roam the house.
'She even moved food and toys closer to it, but he never really wanted to be by his little home base corner area and so it's weird to me that all of her photos were him in that same spot and not seeing him move,' she said.
'He's a free roaming bunny.' 
The rabbit also had his hind legs out behind him instead of tucked under his body, which was normal if he was lying down, but he also wasn't seen hopping around.
'Has he left his cage at all lately?' Mohr asked on October 14 in response to some photos, and was told he had.
Four days later Danielle said she walked in to see BoBo drinking water and 'I think he is doing better' after his bout of diarrhea.
Just two days later, Mohr returned home and met Danielle in the driveway.
'I hugged her and thanked her, I even got a gift for her which feels really stupid,' she said.
The beloved bunny seemed happy and energetic for the first week or so in photos and videos she was sent
'Has he left his cage at all lately?' Mohr asked on October 14 in response to some photos, and was told he had
Four days later Danielle said she walked in to see BoBo drinking water and 'I think he is doing better' after his bout of diarrhea. This was two days before the rabbit died
She walked inside and saw BoBo lying in his cage, which she didn't expect as especially when no one was around he would hop around the house.
'I was petting him and he was not really responding as normal, so I pulled him out of his home and that's when I saw all of the wounds on his side, the side that he was laying down on,' she recalled. 
'I immediately saw his fur stained in urine, his body was very wet... and his legs were fully immobile.'
Mohr messaged Danielle asking for the contact details for the vet she took him to earlier.
'It looks like BoBo has some sores from laying on that same side for so long and can't quite stand,' she wrote, not yet realizing just what bad shape he was in.
'Omg... What in the world how could I have even missed seeing that… let me know if there's anything I can do,' Danielle replied in apparent shock.
Mohr asked when Danielle last saw him standing on his own.
'Today when he played with the puzzle thing. I had wiped him down but didn't see any sores like that. He drank water,' Danielle claimed.
Mohr replied: 'He was able to stand on the wood floor?'
'Yes his back legs when he moved he was dragging like usual he wasn't hopping around,' Danielle insisted.
The state Mohr found her beloved pet in when she arrived home and checked on him
Mohr messaged Danielle asking for the contact details for the vets she took him to earlier
Mohr asked when Danielle last saw saw him standing on his own, saying her pet never dragged his feet behind him before she left and would always hop to get around
Mohr said her pet never dragged his feet behind him before she left and would always hop to get around.
'Well after the diarrhea he had that was what it was looking like to me like he didn't have grip on the floor because it's a wooden floor I did have a towel down so I could get the carpet rug cleaned,' Danielle replied.
Mohr later found a dark stain on her wooden floor, right in front of BoBo's cage. 
Mohr rushed BoBo to DoveLewis Veterinary Hospital in Portland, Oregon, the first one she could find that was open.
'I couldn't even tell them what happened as I had no idea. All I knew is that this was far from the energetic and exploring bunny that I left a month prior,' she said.
'I could feel his bones from the weight he'd lost and could see his skin around the wounds falling off as I held him.
'Not wanting to put him through any more pain, I said goodbye to BoBo that night.'
The vet's report noted staff were 'unsure how long he has been down (paralyzed) for'.
'Suspect some degree of chronicity because of [the] degree of urine scald and the [right] stifle pressure sore wound... and muscle wasting' they saw on the examination.
'Concern he has been down for days to week at this point.'
Vets confirmed BoBo suffered 'nonambulatory paraplegia', severe urine scalding and ulcers, and huge weight loss and muscle wasting (highlights by Mohr)
Mohr noticed the photos Danielle was sending her were all of BoBo in or next to his hutch, which he rarely spent time in as he preferred to roam the house
The report suggested treatments, but noted that even properly cleaning the wounds would require sedation and his prospects were grim.
'They even mentioned that if I hadn't been away for a month that they would have assumed that I was abusing him with the state he was in,' Mohr said.
'I didn't know that he was sitting in his own feces and urine with his legs fully paralyzed for anywhere from days to weeks at a time. 
'She told me he was out of his home playing with one of his toys that same morning I came home. The vet confirmed that wouldn't have been possible. 
'She continued to reassure me he was moving around the house throughout my time away.'
As she grieved the sudden loss of her pet, Mohr began unraveling her pet-sitter's stories - and that was before she even checked her camera.
The living room where BoBo's hutch sits has a camera sitting on a desk that has a view of most of the room including the cage itself.
Mohr claims a cable near it that was plugged in before she left was pulled out, and that it was not one that could be dislodged by accident.
She believes Danielle unplugged it, thinking she was disabling the camera, but not realizing it was just for her cable TV.
Mohr hired Danielle (pictured) through the Rover pet-sitting app to check on BoBo from September 18 and make sure he was healthy and well-fed
The living room where BoBo's hutch sits has a camera sitting on a desk that has a view of most of the room including the cage itself
Mohr claims this cable near it that was plugged in before she left was pulled out, and that it was not one that could be dislodged by accident - she believes Danielle unplugged it, thinking she was disabling the camera, but not realizing it was just for her cable TV
The camera recorded on a seven-day loop so only the last week was still there, but what she saw 'broke her heart'.
Footage appeared to show Danielle manhandling BoBo into positions where his injuries were not visible.
'The worst clip was seeing her drag his immobile body across the floor, saying "weeee", to prop him up for a photo to send me and say how "great" he's doing,' Mohr said. 
'The same day I got home, I saw her carrying him around like a rag doll, to and from my bathroom, then forcibly laying him inside his litter area, with all wounds down so they wouldn't be immediately visible. 
'Within those seven days, there were two full days where I didn't see her check on him at all, meaning with his paralyzed legs he wasn't even able to get himself to his food and water, which explained the dehydration and weight loss.'
Mohr said she found clumps of rabbit hair blocking the drains in her bathroom, indicating Danielle repeatedly bathed BoBo despite being told not to.
'Similar to cats, they groom themselves and a bath stresses them out, she said.
Moher believes Danielle was cleaning the urine and feces off BoBo because he was unable to clean himself.
Footage showed Danielle carrying BoBo around like a rag doll, to and from the bathroom, then laying him inside his litter area hours before Mohr got home
Mohr said she found clumps of rabbit hair blocking the drains in her bathroom, indicating Danielle repeatedly bathed BoBo despite being told not to
Danielle's Rover profile is still active and includes numerous photos of BoBo and Mohr's dogs in her gallery of animals she has looked after
Mohar said she asked vets whose details Danielle gave her, along with others in the area, about what BoBo was like when she supposedly took him in about the diarrhea, but none of them had even heard of him or the pet-sitter.
The day after BoBo died, Danielle sent Mohr a message with her condolences, still acting shocked about the rabbit's injuries.
'I'm so sorry to hear that Bobo was euthanized yesterday my heart goes out to you, do you know the cause of why that was? Or how the skin tear could be there?' she wrote.
To make matters worse, Mohr had already given Danielle a good review on Rover because she agreed to reimburse her for vegetables she bought for BoBo.
She was going to send the money through the tip function on Rover, but the app forced her to leave a review first.
'I did that before I had even seen BoBo, she cornered me in the driveway saying I need the money,' Mohr said.
Mohr lodged her complaint with Rover on October 21, which she said was a 'miserable process'.
'It seemed clear to me that their goal was to protect their employee and save face,' she said.
'They denied reimbursing me for his medical bills or finding the sitter at fault or negligent to even the slightest regardless of all the videos and evidence I provided. 
'They claimed she was just "ignorant".'
'She admitted to Rover giving him many baths throughout the trip to clean feces and urine from him, claiming she didn’t know and telling them this was his ‘normal’. 
'They believed her over me and the photos/videos of the BoBo I knew and loved.'
Mohr lodged her complain with Rover on October 21, which she said was a 'miserable process'
Rover told Mohr she also wasn't able to change the review because it was finalized as soon as it was submitted
Rover told her she also wasn't able to change the review because it was finalized as soon as it was submitted.
'I spoke with the sitter and we are in agreement it would be best if she not watch with exotic animals in the future,' the Rover support rep wrote.
Danielle's Rover profile is still active and includes numerous photos of BoBo and Mohr's dogs in her gallery of animals she has looked after.
Mohr said she was sharing her story in the hope it would prevent other pet owners from suffering the same heartbreak she did.
'I still have a lot of questions… I don't really truly know what happened or how,' she said.
'And I just feel really guilty and like an idiot for not noticing sooner.'
DailyMail.com attempted to contact Danielle for comment. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group