On the first night of their “Submarine Tour,” July 16, the Marías flooded Fox Theater with a wash of rich sounds and soft vocals. The Oakland crowd’s impassioned excitement was matched by the band — the group was clearly eager to show off its new album, Submarine, released less than two months earlier. 
Mimicking the beginning of the new release, the band confidently entered with the opening track “Ride.” The group initially appeared only as silhouettes on the misty, deep blue stage, evocative of the bottom of the ocean. Eventually, frontwoman María Zardoya stepped into a sea floor spotlight to transition into the second track, “Hamptons.”  
The initial minutes of the show were fast paced and high energy. Zardoya encouraged the crowd to jump up and down while she strutted, floating between the microphone stand and two platforms toward the back of the stage. 
Zardoya, along with usual band members Josh Conway, Jesse Perlman and Edward James, was joined on stage by several instrumentalists to fill out the group’s wide array of sounds.
“The Submarine Tour” lived up to its name as the group performed 13 of the 14 songs off the album. While the performance was clearly a celebration of the newest body of work, the Marías still dove deep into hits from their entire discography. The setlist was a perfect blend of Submarine, their previous album Cinema and both EPs, Superclean, Vol I and Superclean, Vol II. The Marías also treated the audience with some unexpected songs like their collaboration, “Otro Atardecer,” with Bad Bunny and a playful cover of “Lovefool.”
The packed theater appreciated the Marías’ signature mix of songs in both English and Spanish as the audience sang along in both languages. Between songs, Zardoya shouted out Latin American countries to find out where fans were coming from. With each prompting, the global crowd responded in total, complete elation.
The Marías’ magnetic performance took full advantage of the stage and lighting. The underwater blue lighting transitioned between deep purples, dark reds and bright whites to match the mood of the songs. Conway even lent his voice to several songs, allowing his deeper sound to complement Zardoya’s softer tone in crowd favorites such as “Vicious Sensitive Robot” and “Hush.” 
After a particularly fervent performance of “Paranoia,” most of the band exited the stage, leaving behind Zardoya and Conway to perform a haunting rendition of “If Only.” All attention was set on Conway’s mastery of the piano and Zardoya's ethereal voice. Once the pair had left the stage, the audience was left with chills and a craving for more.
The encore was reminiscent of their 2022 “Cinema Tour,” with the stage cloaked in a deep red lighting, the color associated with the previous album. Mimicking the beginning of the Cinema LP, the band returned to the stage with a reprised mixture of the first two tracks, “Just a Feeling” and “Calling U Back.” The show concluded with “Cariño,” a confirmation of the band’s impact over the past couple of years. As the affectionate song blessed newer fans with an old classic, longtime fans felt at home with every nostalgic word. 
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: