kendalljenner/Instagram
Kendall Jenner rang in 2024 on an island near Barbados with some of her closest friends. The model posted a series of photos from the trip on Wednesday, January 3, showing off the completely sheer dress she wore on the vacation.
The supermodel, 28, left little to the imagination in the gorgeous photos. Most of the shots were taken on the beach with the sunset in the background. 
The getaway came two weeks after it was reported that Kendall had split from Bad Bunny after 10 months of dating. However, the rapper, 29, was on the same New Year’s Eve trip as the model, along with a plethora of other mutual friends.
Keep scrolling through the gallery to see more photos of Kendall’s sheer New Year’s Eve look!
1 of 6
kendalljenner/Instagram
Kendall wore nothing underneath the see-through ensemble, which featured a midsection cutout and thigh-high slit. 
2 of 6
kendall jenner/Instagram
“Years pass, and they seem faster and faster,” the reality star captioned her Instagram post. “Presence and time is all I can ask for. So grateful for what has past, so optimistic for what’s to come. Go love on the people you hold close to your heart, and don’t waste a second. 2024, shower me with love and laughter, gratitude and growth, patience and presence.”
3 of 6
kendalljenner/Instagram
Although most of Kendall’s photos from the trip were solo shots, she posted one image with her pal Hailey Bieber. The model was stunning in a long white dress as the ladies posed in the sand.
4 of 6
kendalljenner/Instagrm
Kendall held a glass of wine in her hand as she took more candid shots in front of the ocean.
5 of 6
kendalljenner/Instagram
The 818 Tequila founder showed off her glowing skin after a day in the sun in one close-up shot. She had her hair clipped back into an updo to complete her vacation look.
6 of 6
kendalljenner/Instagram
In the final photo from her gallery of images, Kendall snapped a selfie of herself with what appeared to be the mansion that she and her friends were staying in in the background. The massive pool was also visible.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: