By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:27, 27 July 2024   |  Updated:  03:44, 27 July 2024   
 42
View  comments
Kendall Jenner showed her support for Team USA on Friday.
The Kardashians star, 28 — who recently poured cocktails bra-free for Harry Hudson— took to her Instagram Story to post a racy mirror selfie of her backside.
She rocked her sister Kim Kardashian's brand SKIMS, opting for a white bikini with blue strings that read 'Team USA' on its backside. 
Her skimpy ensemble hugged her slender frame, which she paired with a red baseball cap. 
The starlet showed her support for American athletes hours after the 2024 Summer Olympics kicked off in Paris, France. 
Kendall Jenner took to her Instagram Story to post a racy mirror selfie of her backside
The five-foot-ten beauty wore her brunette locks loose, letting them cascade over her shoulders in the sultry snap.
She tied the American inspired look together with a trendy red manicure.
The Victoria's Secret model initially shot to fame when she and her family started appearing on Keeping Up with the Kardashians in 2007.
She has appeared on the cover of various international Vogue editions, walked for Victoria's Secret and serves as a brand ambassador for Tommy Hilfiger and Estée Lauder. 
Her sexy mirror selfie comes just days after the Los Angeles native spoke to Vogue France about the possibility of starting a family. 
The starlet is the only member of the Kar-Jenner clan to have not yet welcomed a little one, but is set on leaving her legacy.
She told the outlet: 'I dream, above all, of longevity. Even when I'm older, I hope people will still think of me.
'I'd like to stay in the limelight as the years go by.... I would love to have a family, become a mother and have children,' she expressed.
The girlfriend of Puerto Rican rapper Bad Bunny then explained in the interview that her biggest inspiration is supermodel Christy Turlington.
She has appeared on the cover of various international Vogue editions, walked for Victoria's Secret and serves as a brand ambassador for Tommy Hilfiger and Estée Lauder; seen in 2023
The Victoria's Secret model initially shot to fame when she and her family started appearing on Keeping Up with the Kardashians in 2007; seen in 2024
The starlet is the only member of the Kar-Jenner clan to have not yet welcomed a little one, but is set on leaving her legacy; seen in 2024
She said: 'I spent a lot of time looking at her face as a kid. She seemed so calm and collected. I really appreciated her energy through it all.
'And it feels like life outside modeling and family were really important to her,' she gushed to the outlet.
'Relationships mean so much to me, and I can't wait to have a life with someone one day, to have kids, to create a family. Christy just gives good vibes. Maybe she cared a little bit less! I think that's really cool,' she finished.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group