MyNewsLA.com

					Breaking news for Los Angeles, Orange and Riverside counties				
The Palm Springs Art Museum’s “Mixed Feelings” lecture series, featuring talks on seemingly unrelated topics that are somehow connected, will present its first lectures of the year Thursday.
The back-to-back lectures, “Boxing Culture” and “Queer Photography,” will begin at 6 p.m. at the Ace Hotel and Swim Club, 701 E. Palm Canyon Drive.
Previous lectures in the series were at the museum’s Annenberg Theatre, but a venue change was announced in December for the upcoming presentations. The venue change also includes a cocktail hour by the pool an hour prior to the start of the lectures.
Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.

				MyNewsLA.com won’t sell your information and you can unsubscribe at any time.			
Each event in the series features two speakers who are paired to discuss their respective areas of expertise, and the audience then has an opportunity to connect the two subjects during a Q&A session.
The series began in October with lectures on “Vegan Meat” and “The Representation of Zombies,” and continued with “The History of Broadway Musicals” and “Deep-Sea Diving” in November; and talks in December on “Exoplanets” and “Contemporary Native Art,” and “Susan Sontag” and “The Salton Sea.”
The series will conclude with “Bad Bunny’ and “The Light and Space Movement” on Jan. 18.
“The series was started as `Mixed Taste’ by Palm Springs Art Museum’s current CEO Adam Lerner when he was at the helm of the Museum of Contemporary Art Denver,” museum spokesman Scott Slaven said. “He introduced ‘Mixed Feelings’ to the Coachella Valley in 2022.”
Tickets for the lectures, each $16, can be purchased at psmuseum.org/events/.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ

    Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.
  

    Check for a confirmation email, and then you're all set with MyNewsLA.com!