One thing's for sure, they have strong feelings about their upbringings—just don’t call them ‘nepo babies’!
You know these celebrities from their most popular projects, and you know their parents from their most celebrated works, but did you know that these celebrities were the children of those stars? Keep reading to find out which celebs you’ve forgotten have even more famous parents!
Famous Parent: Phil Collins
You might recognize Lily Collins from her hit series Emily in Paris, or any one of her movies like Love, Rosie, but did you know she has a famous father? Lily is the daughter of singer/songwriter Phil Collins, who is responsible for the classic tunes “In the Air Tonight” and “You’ll Be In My Heart.”
Although she comes from a famous last name, Lily wanted to inform everyone she made one for herself. “It was out of the question that people would think that I use a free pass thanks to my name. I’m proud of my dad, but I wanted to be me, not just his daughter. For that, I was ready to wait to break through.”
Famous Parents: Lisa Bonet and Lenny Kravitz
Not only is Zoë the daughter of actress Lisa Bonet, but her father is famed musician Lenny Kravitz. She discussed living with both of her parents, who divorced in 1993, explaining their opposite lifestyles.
“It was this whirlwind of a completely different universe,” she said of living with her father. “And then I would go home to this really quiet, really simple life [with her mother].”
Famous Parents: Kate Capshaw and Steven Spielberg (stepfather)
The Grey’s Anatomy alum is the stepdaughter of major filmmaker Steven Spielberg, who married her mother, actress Kate Capshaw. You know Spielberg from creating the massive films Jaws (1975) and Jurassic Park (1993), among so many others; and you might recognize Capshaw’s mother from Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom (1984), which is where she met Spielberg, who she married in 1991.
Famous Parents: Donald Sutherland and Shirley Douglas
The Designated Survivor alum is the son of M*A*S*H star Donald Sutherland and actress Shirley Douglas. Sutherland and Douglas were only together for four years, splitting up in 1970.
“I personally think one of the most important actors in the history of film,” Kiefer Sutherland wrote following his father’s passing. “Never daunted by a role, good, bad or ugly. He loved what he did and did what he loved, and one can never ask for more than that. A life well lived.”
Famous mother: Lisa Marie Presley
Riley Keough comes from a very famous line of stars. Keough is the daughter of Lisa Marie Presley, who was the daughter of rock and roll icon Elvis Presley and Priscilla Presley. Plus, she has had multiple famous stepfathers, including Michael Jackson, Nicholas Cage and Michael Lockwood.
Famous father: Stephen Baldwin
Hailey Baldwin Bieber, who is married to singer Justin Bieber, is also the daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin.
“That [fame] was always a reality,” Bieber said. “But because of the way my parents raised my sister and me, that was always separate — that was Dad’s work life. When we were home, we were just home, hanging out.”
Famous mother: Blythe Danner 
You know Gwyneth Paltrow for the dozens of movies she’s starred in, like Seven (1995) and Iron Man (2008). But did you know her mother is a famous actress, too? Paltrow is the daughter of actress Blythe Danner, who you may recognize from Meet the Parents (2000) and The Lucky One (2012).
“My mother is an actress,” Paltrow said. “She did mostly theater. And so I grew up as a little girl watching her rehearse plays and running around the theater… When she was on stage, she was the most powerful, integrated force of nature that I have ever seen. And so, I wanted to be that.”
Famous Parents: Dennis Quaid and Meg Ryan
Jack Quaid is the only son of both actor Dennis Quaid and romcom star, Meg Ryan. You might’ve caught Jack Quaid in The Hunger Games (2012) or in the series The Boys (2019). 
“I grew up with friends who also had parents in the industry, so it didn’t really feel different,” Jack shared. “But then you grow up and you realize that’s a pretty unique thing, that not one but two of your parents are actors. You don’t realize that things are slightly abnormal until later.”
Famous mother: Diana Ross
The Girlfriends and Black-ish alum, Tracee Ellis Ross, is the daughter of the Supremes’ own Diana Ross.
“Don’t get me wrong, Michael Jackson was around,” Tracee said. “Marvin Gaye called the house all the time. Cher and my dad and my mom and Michael played doubles tennis. Andy Warhol photographed me… All of that stuff was just a part of my life. But at the same time, the feelings and the experiences and the way my mother created home life for us was very ‘normal.’”
Famous father: Tom Hanks
Colin Hanks, who is best known for his work in Roswell (1999-2001), Orange County (2002) and The House Bunny (2008), is the son of none other than Tom Hanks. Yes, the Tom Hanks.
“When I was starting off,” Hanks said of his father. “I was sort of lovingly naive, thinking that [being the son of Tom Hanks] wasn’t as big a deal as it is … that I would get the benefit of the doubt that I was my own person … and that doesn’t happen.”
Famous mother: Andie MacDowell
Margaret Qualley is best known for her work in The Maid, which she starred in alongside her famous mother, Andie MacDowell.
“I was always super proud of my mom,” Qualley shared of her mother. “Her job always mattered a lot to her. She’s a really hard worker. And I think it’s part of the reason why I’ve always been able to dream so big is because of her success. It made me believe that the sky’s the limit.”
Famous Parents: Leslie Mann and Judd Apatow
Maude Apatow of Euphoria is the oldest daughter of producer Judd Apatow and actress Leslie Mann.
“I am thought of as my parents’ kid, and I’m trying to make my own path without them,” Apatow shared. “I want to work extra hard to prove myself and be a separate person… It was really nice to be able to get to do my first movies with [my parents], because they taught me so much and being around them, it was so comfortable. Because I’d done those movies with my parents, I felt prepared and ready to do [my own].”
Keep reading for more entertainment!
Discover the Real-Life Couples of the ‘MASH’ Cast and Their Love Stories Beyond the 4077th
What Really Happened Between Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham? A Deep Dive Into Their Relationship
Lucille Ball and Her Celebrity Friends As Seen in 30 Photos Through the Years
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Woman's World does not endorse
					the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
					where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
					hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
					also prohibited.
				
You have successfully subscribed.
Part of the a360media Women's Service Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: