Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
The parents of a baby girl who died when she was born prematurely at just 22 weeks have told how their "world was shattered" by the tragedy. Emma and Rhys Durham were looking forward to the birth of their only child when the pregnancy ended in tragedy.
The infant was born weighing exactly one pound at Ysbyty Glan Clwyd in Bodelwyddan but there were no signs of life. There had been an issue which led to the amniotic sac breaking before labour. Little Freya's umbilical cord was also wrapped around her although it is not known if that played a part in what happened. The loss shattered Emma, but the stillbirth and neonatal death charity Sands offered her solace in the family's darkest hour. 
Read more: Fifty jobs at North Wales bakery after global export success
Read more: Council will spend millions of pounds to fix botched recycling scheme
Sands helped have Freya's hand and foot prints preserved for a memory box. "It brought us comfort," said Emma, 25, of Flint. Join the North Wales Live Whatsapp community now
Now Emma, a domestic cleaner for the NHS, and hubby Rhys, 28, who works for Tata Steel on Deeside, are holding a charity walk in aid of Sands.
Emma said she got pregnant with the help of IVF fertility treatment. She and Rhys were "beyond excited". In June there was a gender reveal and they found out they were having a girl.
However, in July, things took a heartbreaking turn. "I started to get bad pelvic pressure and I was struggling to walk and shortly after a trip to see the midwife I began bleeding and was advised to go up to MAU. 
"After lots of observations we were told I was dilated and my sac was visible. I wouldn’t be going home for the foreseeable and to prepare for her arrival.
"After a battle of trying to keep her safe in my tummy being bed bound in hospital, At just 22 weeks Freya made her arrival into the world sleeping. Despite everything Glan Clwyd tried to do for us it was just too late, she was gone and our world was shattered."
As Freya arrived after a pregnancy of under 24 weeks it is not classed as a stillbirth but as a miscarriage. Casts were taken of her hands and feet and a toy bunny was given to her parents another to Freya to go with her for her cremation.
Emma added the casts, a blanket and the bunny in a memory box are such a comfort. She added: : "We were ever so grateful for the time we had with her in the cuddle cot creating precious memories that we could hold onto forever. She weighed 475g, (1 lb) had the longest legs and the cutest button nose we’d ever seen. 
"Every midwife would coo over her when they came to look after us and so many told us how beautiful she was. She was the definition of PERFECT."
Emma says her biggest piece of advice to anyone who is pregnant is "Trust your motherly instincts. "You know your body better than anyone else, and if something feels off, don’t hesitate to push for answers. I really wish I had gone to hospital to be checked over and done the same."
She added: "It’s been almost 2 months since we lost Freya, and while we’re slowly learning to cope with our grief, the pain will stay with us for eternity. Some days are a lot harder to navigate through than others. 
"Despite all the pain, heartache and emotions we are feeling we are both committed to keeping Freya’s memory alive and will continue to fundraise for the amazing charities that have helped us through our difficult time.
"I know personally just how much our little keepsake memory box means and how much it meant to leave the hospital with memories of her and not empty arms. Freya Rose was born silent into this world but her little life has spoken volumes."
* The charity walk in aid of Sands starts from Barkby beach in Prestatyn on Saturday, October 12 at 10am. They aim to finish at the Boot & Ship pub in Bagillt High Street by 4pm. For more details visit here.
Sign up for the North Wales Live newsletter sent twice daily to your inbox