Here’s some fashion Euphoria for ya. 
Giving couture addicts a dopamine hit, Zendaya, 27, stunned in Maison Margiela Artisanal by John Galliano as co-chair of the 2024 Met Gala. Pat McGrath decked out her face in heavy, albeit haute eye makeup and a deep red lip. 
Entrusting her luxe look to A-list stylist Law Roach, 45, the “Euphoria” star left onlookers in awe as she took the red carpet in the exquisite ensemble.
“For her appearance, John Galliano specially created an haute couture look for co-chair Zendaya composed of a sage lamé and organza bias-cut dress worn over a duchess satin corset,” reps for the couturier said in a statement. “The dress features bands of hand-painted metallic crin, a drape and bow layered from aluminum material and iridescent organza, and a corsage hand-embroidered with natural motifs hand-painted in electric blue and emerald, green.”
Zendaya’s hand-painted plume-like veil and hat wrapped in stockings was created by Stephen Jones for Maison Margiela. And her custom-made Tabi pumps by Christian Louboutin for Maison Margiela.
Slaying a swank stare, the “It” girl’s dramatic face paint transformed her into a glamour girl of the roaring 1920s. Her natural eyebrows seemed to be hidden, then drawn on in pencil-thin arches above a gradient red eye. The crimson color was then diffused all the way up to the faux brows. Thick black eyeliner on her upper and lower lash lines, including her waterlines, made her eyes smolder. 
The glamorous moment marked Zendaya’s much-anticipated return to the Met Gala, which she hadn’t attended since 2019. 
Her antique chicness complemented the Costume Institute’s spring 2024 exhibition, “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion,” publicly debuting at The Met on May 10. 
The ‘fit, too, exquisitely aligned with the gala’s official dress code, “The Garden of Time,” which was set by Zendaya’s fellow co-hair and Vogue boss babe, Anna Wintour. 
The “Challengers” actress, as well as Wintour, 74, Jennifer Lopez, 54, Bad Bunny, 30, and Chris Hemsworth, 40, were tapped to host the hautest night of the year weeks ago. 
But Roach recently revealed that Zendaya’s dress hadn’t been fitted to her svelte frame until Saturday. 
The self-anointed “image architect” partly blamed their eleventh-hour prep on his and the Emmy winner’s super slammed schedule. 
“We’ve been on two press tours — ‘Dune 2’ and ‘Challengers’ — and doing two Vogue covers,” Roach told the New York Times.
And thanks to the tireless twosome, who promoted the latter film with Zendaya in pleated skirts and sporty shirts, the preppy “tennis core” trend is catching on like wildfire. 
Roach went on to admit that although he retired from styling in March 2023, he has struggled to leave Zendaya’s side. 
“I’ve been saying no to a lot of unhappy people. Except Zendaya,” he said, calling the big-screen belle his “fashion soulmate.”
“I can’t say no to her.”
Roach shared a snapshot of his muse wearing an archival John Galliano spring 1998 number to Wintour’s Met Gala co-chair dinner Sunday. 
Zendaya confidently strutted her stuff through the streets of NYC in the white dress, which came adorned with pink blossoms, butterflies and bows along its sheer neckline. 
But during an appearance on “Live with Kelly and Mark” in April, the Hollywood honey admitted she was “terrified” about helming the big show. 
“Going up the steps is very daunting, and I haven’t been back for maybe four or five years,” said Zendaya. 
She’s famously cosplayed as Cinderella by Tommy Hilfiger, sported a Versace coat of metal armor and donned a parrot-speckled frock by Dolce & Gabbana at Met Galas past. 
“So this is, like,” Zendaya continued of her 2024 resurgence, “my first time back at the Met in quite a while.”
Advertisement