Think you can brave the waves?
Read the below for any man with a Pisces sun or Pisces rising sign, and find even more information on Pisces compatibility here.
If you’ve ever longed for a fairy-tale relationship (and who among us hasn’t?), Pisces is your man. This imaginative creature was put on Earth to evoke fantasies and bring them to life. So, scatter the rose petals! He might, like Pisces Justin Bieber, write a gushing Instagram tribute about how he’s “soooo in love with everything about you!”
If you’re lucky, this poet might also write you a solid haiku, something about love or a psychedelic meditation, à la Pisces Jack Kerouac. Enchanting lines spill from this water sign’s lips, pen, and texting fingers. There appears to be no bottom to the well from which he draws inspiration; his interests span genres. You’ll be awed by his knowledge bank as he discusses neoclassical architecture and old-school hip-hop in the same breath. Legendary Pisces producer Quincy Jones has turned out everything from Grammy-winning pop albums to films.
Whatever his modus operandi, prepare to be swept off your feet by Pisces’ free-flowing charm. Though make sure to grab a life jacket! This intensely moody and sensitive guy can pull you into an emotional riptide. Ruled by hazy Neptune, the planet named after the god of the seas, this water sign can be as opaque as the dark waters of the Atlantic—to others and to himself. The current runs strong and deep with this dude. Think you can brave the waves? Get ready to surf like your life depends on it.
The glyph representing Pisces is a pair of fish swimming in opposite directions. One leaps toward enlightenment, while the other plunges downward into the depths of despair. Warning: His melancholy spells can be dark and legendary.
Pisces can also be codependent, so be careful not to get sucked into that dynamic. Within reason, you should absolutely be there for him. He’ll require oceans of compassion and long moments of attention as he unpacks his trauma. Doing so might even turn out to be your first unofficial date, but honestly, you’ll feel so close.
Does this sound draining? Consider this: Tender Pisces will also spend hours comforting you through pain; in fact, he’ll insist. If he shows up, there’s no one better than this fella in a crisis. He’s the ultimate empath, a superhero at “holding space,” and the guy who will zip you to the ER or pick you up from the airport after your grandmother’s funeral. As the last sign of the zodiac, he’s a cosmic elder, full of old-soul wisdom and philosophical advice with a humorous twist, thanks to the fact that he’s also ruled by optimistic Jupiter.
Pisces also happens to be one of the four mutable signs, along with Gemini, Virgo, and Sagittarius, which can make him infuriatingly indecisive. Before he’s ready to settle down or commit, he can be as slippery as a freshwater eel. While he’s making up his mind, all sorts of chaos can ensue. 
Vagueness can be this elusive sign’s stock in trade. In certain cases, relationships with the Pisces man can get stuck in eternal soft-launch mode. Bad Bunny is the poster Pisces for this move, leaving the world in a constant state of wonder about his relationship status with Scorpio Kendall Jenner. 
That didn’t stop Bunny from starring in a Gucci Valigeria campaign alongside the supermodel. Walking through the airport with their matching luggage set, we’re reminded how sweet (and stylish!) an escape with the suave Pisces man can be.  
Look, we’re not trying to scare you here. There are plenty of devoted men born under this sign: Stephen Curry has been married to his Aries wife Ayesha since 2011. Pisces-Pisces couple John Krasinski and Emily Blunt have defied Hollywood odds with their 16-year relationship.
We’d simply be remiss if we didn’t lay out the complex scenario that is a Pisces man. Once he decides to plunge into the ocean, he’s generally a distance swimmer. Even if he retains his bad-boy edge like Justin Bieber, your relationship timeline will be filled with teary devotionals, blowout celebrations, and endless nostalgia—the stuff that, yes, fairy tales are made of.
Few signs can swim in the depths that Pisces plunges into, but Scorpio has the chops. This water sign couple can surf the emotional highs and lows together without losing balance.
While air sign Gemini piques Pisces curiosity with their wit and chatter, these signs move at completely different frequencies. Gemini wounds Pisces by minimizing the Fish’s feelings. When Pisces goes dark for necessary solitude, Gemini feels ghosted as the unanswered texts pile up.   
Pisces Monthly Horoscope
Aquarius Monthly Horoscope
Capricorn Monthly Horoscope
Sagittarius Monthly Horoscope
Scorpio Monthly Horoscope
Libra Monthly Horoscope
Virgo Monthly Horoscope
Leo Monthly Horoscope
Cancer Monthly Horoscope
Gemini Monthly Horoscope
Taurus Monthly Horoscope
Aries Monthly Horoscope
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.