The sequel has officially started production
Bad Bunny (real name Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio) has been cast to join Adam Sandler in Netflix‘s Happy Gilmore 2.
News of the sequel to the 1996 golfing comedy was confirmed back in May by the streaming service, who will be overseeing production of the film.
Plot details about the sequel — which officially started production this month — are being kept under wraps, so it’s currently unclear who the rapper will be playing. Julie Bowen and Christopher McDonald will reprise their roles from the original, while Kyle Newacheck (Murder Mystery) will direct.
During an appearance on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Tuesday (August 20), Sandler himself said that the film would start shooting this September.
“It’s good. We worked hard on the script. We didn’t want to let anyone down. We came up with an idea — we wrote our asses off,” he said. Watch the full interview below.
In addition, Sandler revealed that the film will include an appearance by NFL star – and Taylor Swift beau – Travis Kelce. “What a big, handsome guy. Funny and cool as hell,” Sandler said. “He’s a stud and he’s so funny.”
The original film starred Sandler as the titular Happy Gilmore, a hockey player with anger management issues who discovers he’s also good at golf.
Gilmore enters a golf tournament to win money to save his grandmother’s house, facing off with the arrogant Shooter McGavin (McDonald) along the way. The film also starred the late Carl Weathers and Bob Barker.
Happy Gilmore is back! Adam Sandler will reprise his iconic role in a brand new movie coming to Netflix. pic.twitter.com/AERdtqlJ6j
— Netflix (@netflix) May 15, 2024
Elsewhere, Sandler recently claimed that the Will Smith Oscars slap was “the best thing that ever happened” to Chris Rock. He offered that the incident led to Rock’s standup becoming “wild again” and “outrageous”.
Sandler’s most recent film was the Netflix sci-fi drama Spaceman, in which he played the astronaut Jakub Prochazka, who encounters a creature at the edge of the solar system.
In 2020, Sandler teamed up with the Safdie Brothers for the critically acclaimed film Uncut Gems. In a glowing five-star review, NME Flood wrote: “Short of nit-picking, there really is no way to criticise this film. As a leading man, Sandler has never been better – flipping from revved-up temper tantrum to cuddly teddy bear in seconds flat. Such is the critical acclaim his performance has received that the actor has promised to “make a crappy movie on purpose” if he doesn’t win an Oscar. After Uncut Gems, you wonder if he’s capable of that anymore.”
Elsewhere, Sandler also recently released his new Netflix stand-up special, titled Adam Sandler: Love You. 
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.