Showers early, becoming a steady rain later in the day. High 64F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall near a quarter of an inch..
                                
Cloudy with periods of rain. Low 52F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall around a half an inch.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 11:46 pm
Human sensitivity is a fascinating area of thought. I find it fascinating that one person will hear a word and accept it for what it is, a bit of information in the form of language. Another individual will hear that word and have an emotional reaction to it. We learn that certain words emote good, bad, and neutral reactions. As society evolves, some words fall out of use, or words that people purposely avoid due to the reaction that the word elicits. We appear to be in a time when society is rapidly choosing to eliminate or edit words because they may seem emotionally disturbing to sensitive individuals.
Americans have a history of sanitizing language centered around death. We all eventually die, yet here we are, avoiding terms that describe death. Our collective sensitivity about death is quite odd to the rest of the world. They see the way that we handle not just the language of dying, but the process and the acknowledgment of death in the way that the funeral industry has evolved. The language is often the canary in the coal mine. When we alter the words that pertain to a subject, it signals the societal squeamishness regarding that area. Take the word suicide, for instance.
Woodstock, Vermont’s Bunny Bertram was America’s first ski industry entrepreneur. His first ski area was Gilbert’s Hill in Woodstock, featuring a rope tow. He called it Bunny’s Tows. He then moved the operation a bit north to hill number six on a plot of land in Pomfret. Detractors said it was suicide to buy a hill for skiing, so Bunny named it Suicide Six. The ski area is iconic and is considered the birthplace of organized downhill racing. My biological mother’s husband was the Mountain Manager there for over 40 years. My children learned to ski there. Recently, the name of the hill was changed because it was deemed that the word suicide was too controversial.
We take the word suicide to yet another level when recent media examples show that suicide is often now referred to as “unaliving oneself.” In fact, the word kill is being replaced with unalived. As these language changes reach my consciousness, other words come to my mind that are unprintable in this format. It is not that I am against change or stuck in old ways of thinking. This is more a matter of blatant stupidity and silliness. Give me a (expletive unalived) break!
While conversing with my grandchildren, I learned that their school no longer uses the word test or exam. Oh no, that’s too scary and stressful and full of anxiety. These children are now told that the word is “assignment” instead of test. I am not exaggerating here. My grandkids think it is a joke, and I agree.
Politically speaking, I don’t think we should assign blame for these language changes to liberal-thinking people or to wokeness. It is stupidity. There is nothing stupid about being liberal. Quite the opposite. Maybe we shouldn’t single out a group of people to blame for these language cop-outs. Or, maybe to your way of thinking, these are not word avoidance issues, and we should go along with changing words like murder to “being involuntarily unalived.”
My B.S. meter is reading off the charts when I see social media going down this path. So yeah, maybe I am resisting change and acting stuck in my thinking. But my gut is shouting B.S.
The Morning Almanac with Arlo Mudget is heard Monday through Friday mornings on radio stations Oldies KOOL FM 106.7, 96.3, and 106.5 and over Peak-FM 101.9 and 100.7. The opinions expressed by columnists do not necessarily reflect the views of Vermont News & Media.

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Get the latest headlines every morning in TheBeat!
Breaking news delivered directly to your inbox.
Everything you need to know about the arts and culture scene in Southern Vermont.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.