The reality star and model shared a series of photos from her New Year’s vacation in an Instagram post on Monday
Kendall Jenner/Instagram
 Kendall Jenner is reminiscing about her recent tropical getaway! 

 In a series of photos shared to Instagram on Monday, the model, 28, revealed a glimpse inside her New Year’s vacation in Barbados. 

 Multiple photos in the post show Jenner posing in a cheeky yellow thong bikini while she lounges on the beach with a book. The background reveals stunning turquoise waters and white sand beaches at the island destination. She captioned the post with a simple coconut emoji. 

 On her Instagram Stories on Monday, the reality star shared a closer look at her swimsuit as she walked on the sand and posed for a photo. She wrote, “but mentally I’m still on a beach” beside the shot, and “take me back” alongside the next one. 

 Along with some beachside lounging, Jenner also shared a snap of her friends who joined her on the trip. In one photo, the group huddles together and looks up at the night sky, followed by another shot of a dazzling fireworks display. 

 The Kardashians star was joined by her close pal Hailey Bieber on the island, and the Rhode founder also shared her own photos from the trip. The duo had a photo shoot on the beach together where they posed side by side in white gowns. Jenner shared a sneak peek of the shoot, along with her New Year’s intentions, in an Instagram post on Wednesday.

Kendall Jenner/Instagram
 “Years pass, and they seem faster and faster. Presence and time is all I can ask for,” she wrote in the caption. “So grateful for what has past [sic], so optimistic for what’s to come. Go love on the people you hold close to your heart, and don’t waste a second.” 

 She concluded: “2024, shower me with love and laughter, gratitude and growth, patience and presence.”

Jacopo M. Raule/Getty 
 Jenner also rang in 2024 with her ex Bad Bunny despite calling it quits with the Puerto Rican superstar last month after less than a year of dating. A source confirmed to PEOPLE that the exes "celebrated the New Year together with friends near Barbados" and are still friendly toward each other.  

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.  

 Despite the celebratory reunion, the source clarified that the pair are not "back together" and they were "not on the same flight" to the island.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)