The pop superstar's sixth album brought in nearly 59% of the vote.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Katy Perry‘s 143 has topped this week’s new music poll that features artists in various genres of music.

	Music fans voted in a poll published Friday (Sept. 20) on Billboard, choosing the pop superstar’s sixth album as their favorite new music release of the past week.

143 brought in nearly 59% of the vote on the poll, securing a notable edge ahead of new releases from Gwen Stefani (“Somebody Else’s”), Bad Bunny (“Una Velita”), Keith Urban (High), Bon Iver (“S P E Y S I D E”), Future (Mixtape Pluto), and others.

143, which is code for “I love you,” marks Perry’s first album since 2020’s Smile, which reached No. 5 on the Billboard 200. The project features previously released singles “Woman’s World” and “Lifetimes,” as well as Doechii and 21 Savage collaborations on “I’m His He’s Mine” and “Gimme Gimme,” respectively. Other song titles include “Crush,” “Nirvana,” “All the Love,” “Truth” and “Wonder,” among others.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“I set out to create a bold, exuberant, celebratory dance-pop album with the symbolic 143 numerical expression of love as a throughline message,” Perry previously shared in a statement about the project. On TikTok, she added, “143 is honestly a dance party. All fandoms, invited. And it’s high energy, lots of love, mostly lots of love and BPM, summer, sexy. And it’s for y’all.”

	This is Perry’s second week in a row to top Billboard‘s new music poll. Last week, the star’s “I’m His, He’s Mine” collab with Doechii brought in 30% of the vote. 

	Trailing behind Perry on this week’s poll is Stefani’s “Somebody Else’s,” which brought in nearly 27% of the vote. The new single, which nods back to No Doubt’s brand of new wave and radio-ready pop, will be featured on the singer’s fifth album, Bouquet, set for release on Nov. 15.

	See the final results of this week’s poll below. Check out Billboard‘s Friday Music Guide to catch up with more must-hear releases from this week.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.