The 2024 Met Gala is set to be a spectacle of historical influence and artistic imagery, and Vogue's Anna Wintour always handpicks a blend of influential celebs to help orchestrate the event.
This year, Bad Bunny, Zendaya, Chris Hemsworth and Jennifer Lopez are among those who will take on this role as part of the chair. The dress code, 'The Garden of Time', perfectly complements the post-Gala fashion exhibit and theme, 'Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion'.
Known as fashion's biggest night, the Met Gala sees celebrity guests pushing the boundaries with their outfits. But it's not just their sartorial choices that grab headlines - sometimes, it's who they choose to accompany them, just like Anna herself and her close friend Bill Nighy.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Met Gala 2024 theme announced as fans 'pray' it avoids Kim Kardashian repeat
Last year, Vogue's Global Editorial Director and Conde Nast's Chief Content Officer, Anna, and actor Bill Nighy made waves when they arrived together, fuelling dating speculation, reports the Mirror US.
Eyebrows were raised when Anna and Bill graced the 2023 MET Gala red carpet arm in arm. Anna was spotted beaming next to the Love Actually star, donning a patterned coat over a long silver skirt.
Bill, paying tribute to the late Karl Lagerfeld, looked dapper in a dark suit paired with a blue tie and white shirt.
So, how do Anna Wintour and Bill Nighy know each other?
Vogue editor Anna Wintour and actor Bill Nighy hit it off when they first met in the early 2000s, instantly bonding over their shared love of arts. Attending a plethora of star-studded events together, including in 2006 when Bill premiered his Broadway show The Vertical Hour with Anna cheering from the audience, their friendship soon grew from these chance encounters into regular meet-ups in London.
The duo frequently dined out together, were often spotted spending quality time and even greeted each other with a cheek kiss. Their bond so strong that Anna nabbed a job at Vogue for Bill's daughter, who ended up creating a short film in 2011 as part of her stint.
A spokesperson for Bill told the Daily Mail that while the pair have known each other for two decades and are "great friends," it remains unclear whether they've transcended beyond platonic ties.
Anna terminated her 15-year-long marriage with ex-husband David Shaffer back in 1999, with whom she co-parents two children, Charles, 39, and Bee, 36. Following her divorce, Anna got involved romantically with investor partner Shelby Bryan in 2004, till PEOPLE confirmed in 2020 they'd split privately a few years earlier.
Prior to this, Bill's own romantic journey consisted of a long-term dalliance with actress Diana Quick from the 1980s through to 2008; reports The Evening Standard. They never tied the knot, but Bill often referred to Diana as his wife publicly and they share a daughter, Mary, 39.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.