According to a chatty source, here's who you can expect at the Met Gala 2024.
We're just a few weeks away from the First Monday in May, and you know what that means: the Met Gala is almost upon us. AKA the one time of year when celebrities from all walks of life (actors! musicians! influencers! politicians! Jason Derulo falling down the steps! random people you've never heard of before!) gather together to be rich and fancy whilst wearing couture. 
However, the Met Gala guest list is an extremely closely guarded secret and for the most part we don't know who's going to attend until they show up on the steps of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. But according to Page Six, some celebs are sure things. 
The outlet reports that Gisele Bündchen will be there (and might bring her new boyfriend Joaquim Valente). Meanwhile, Lily Gladstone and Ayo Edebiri will be making their first appearances at the gala, Rihanna will be going (and presumably shutting down the carpet with a late arrival!), and Kendall Jenner is confirmed. 
Other attendees? Olivia Rodrigo, Uma Thurman, Sarah Paulson, Cara Delevingne, as well as Barry Keoghan. Plus, we can't forget about co-chairs Zendaya, Chris Hemsworth, Bad Bunny and Jennifer Lopez.
Obviously, this is a lot of famous people to juggle—and a *ton* goes into the seating chart. As event organizer Eaddy Kiernan told Vogue, “We start with a seating document when the names come together in December. The actual seating chart doesn’t come together until about a month before the event, when we get a sense for the layout of the room, and the flow of the evening. We really try to think very carefully about who’s sitting next to each other. Our ideal pairing would maybe be two people who we think will just get on like a house on fire, but who may not even realize that they have a lot in common. So with each person, we really do take time to think, ‘What will they talk about?’”
Obsessed with this intel!!!
Does the Tom Hiddleston era really count at this point??? Help.
Alexa, play “...Ready for It?”
Correction: screaming!
Mehera Bonner is a celebrity and entertainment news writer who enjoys Bravo and Antiques Roadshow with equal enthusiasm, She was previously entertainment editor at Marie Claire and has covered pop culture for over a decade. 
Hailey Gushes About Justin in Surprise Speech
Chappell Roan’s McQueen Look Has Harlequin Energy
Olivia Rodrigo’s Gucci Dress Sent a Subtle Message
Lorde’s ‘What Was That’ Is Here
This ‘Emily in Paris' OG Isn’t Returning for S5
Sadie Sink Is the Hero at Her Broadway Premiere
Olivia Rodrigo Flaunts Her London Style
Clairo Makes a Charming Comeback to Coachella
How the 'TLOU' Cast Compares to the Game
Read Suni Lee’s Powerful Apex for Youth Speech
Why Zendaya Will Be Doing the Met Gala Differently
I Read the ‘All Nighter’ Cast’s Birth Charts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.