All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
It’s no secret that behind every great man is an even better woman, so it shouldn’t come as a complete shock that behind every well-dressed man is typically an even better-dressed woman.
The viral TikTok trend coined, “The Girlfriend Effect,” is just one example of this self-fulfilling prophecy; one highlighting the phenomenon that a man often becomes significantly more stylish after getting a girlfriend—a female presence who subtly nudges him towards an upgraded sense of style.
But why stop with just your significant other? Why not help every man in your life achieve an elevated dress sense? From your dad to your grandfather, to your brothers, cousins, uncles, and close friends, consider using men’s jewelry as the vehicle to coax them all in the right direction. Just think of how much better life would be if every man in your life was iced out, dripping in jewels!
While some men don’t need any help in the style department—they already understand the appeal of added bling and accessorize accordingly (lucky you!)—others may be more skeptical about adorning themselves with anything extra and don’t consider themselves big jewelry guys. If the man in your life falls into the latter, consider reminding him of his favorite celebrities. Whether they’re actors, athletes, artists, or just all-around studs, they’re often decked out in jewelry for red carpet appearances, magazine features, and even everyday life.
Not only does Bad Bunny love a necklace stack, but Jack Harlow donned a brooch (and earrings!) to this year’s Met Gala—as did Jamie Dornan, Barry Keoghan, and Will Welch — while Formula One's Lewis Hamilton paired his all-black Burberry ensemble with jaw-dropping earrings, rings, and bracelets. Then there are the watch lovers of the world: Tom Brady, who wore a chunky, silver-toned timepiece to his Netflix roast; Scottie Scheffler, who sported a rather unique green Rolex to his second Master’s Green Jacket Ceremony, and Milwaukee Bucks star, Giannis Antetokounmpo, who recently co-designed a limited-edition collection of watches with Breitling. And of course, in a class all of his own, is A$AP Rocky. Ever the style icon, he’s rarely spotted without some enviable ice.
If your man still isn’t entirely convinced, you may have to ease him into the men’s jewelry world ever so slightly. We recommend starting with the basics: a good watch, a gold chain, a classic ring, or even a nice set of cufflinks.
Men’s jewelry gifts are what we would consider win-wins: he gets something new and you get to help guide him towards an elevated look or gift him something fun that complements his already killer style. Whether you choose to splurge on something classic or opt for a piece that’s a bit more trend-driven and fashion-forward, there’s a men’s jewelry gift for every type of man in your life. Below is Vogue's gift guide to the best men’s jewelry gifts.
For the athletes who may not be big on jewelry, consider gifting them something practical, like an Oura Ring or an elevated Apple Watch to help them track their fitness goals. And for the guys who prefer Suits and the stock market over sports and sweats (maybe a father figure who appreciates the finer things in life or the 6'5", blue-eyed, trust fund-laden finance man you’ve been looking for and finally found), opt instead for a nice set of cufflinks or shirt studs.
Oura
Oura Ring Gen3 Horizon
AMAZON
Tiffany & Co.
classic oval cuff links
TIFFANY & CO.
J.Crew
black onyx sterling silver tuxedo studs
J.CREW
Jonas Studio
braided leather wrap bracelet
NORDSTROM
Apple
Apple Watch Series 9
APPLE
Agmes
sum of parts cufflinks
AGMES
Ben-Amun
imitation rhodium electroplated pin
NEIMAN MARCUS
Movado
museum sport
MOVADO
The Posh Tech
Dakota magnetic leather Apple Watch® watchband
NORDSTROM
David Donahue
inlay cuff link & stud set
NORDSTROM
You can’t go wrong with the classics. From signet rings to timeless watches to thin, barely-there chains in silver and gold, turn to these everyday essentials to begin adding some men’s jewelry into your go-to guy’s wardrobe.
David Yurman
men's box chain necklace
NORDSTROM
Omega
Constellation Globemaster 39mm, steel on steel
OMEGA
Miansai
ledger ring
MIANSAI
Tom Wood
silver square bracelet
SSENSE
Longines
Conquest
LONGINES
Maria Black
saffi gold-plated sterling silver necklace
FARFETCH
Monica Vinader
heirloom fine chain necklace
MONICA VINADER
Numbering
silver #7403 Ring
SSENSE
John Hardy
signet ring
NORDSTROM
Tissot
classic dream leather strap watch, 42mm
NORDSTROM
Hatton Labs
mini anchor bracelet
FARFETCH
Mejuri
figaro chain necklace
MEJURI
For the one who’s developed their own unique sense of style and isn’t afraid to take some fashion risks, choose something fun—maybe a Harry Styles-inspired pearl necklace, a chunky ring, or some colorful beads!
Éliou
Beckett necklace
ÉLIOU
Ouie
keyring sterling silver sapphire ring
MR. PORTER
Homer
sphere earth ring
HOMER
Mateo
lapis & 14k yellow gold escapulario pendant necklace
SAKS FIFTH AVENUE
Mejuri
tube medium hoops
MEJURI
Bondeye Jewelry
assembly required ring
BONDEYE JEWELRY
Emanuele Bicocchi
chain-link ring
FARFETCH
Nalaya Jewelry
assorted vintage beaded bracelet
FARFETCH
JBW
arc essential single, 23 mm
JBW
Bleue Burnham
nature smile signet ring
FARFETCH
Off-White
arrows-motif plaque ring
FARFETCH
Brilliant Earth
14k white gold lab diamond stud earrings
BRILLIANT EARTH
Shop Spring’s Standout Pieces—All for Under $300
The Best New Arrivals to Shop Now
The Dress Shop Is Here—100+ Best Styles of the Season
Vogue Essentials: Shop Wardrobe Staples That Will Never Go Out of Style
What's Everyone Buying These Days? Shop 60+ It Items That Are Defining Fashion Right Now
80+ Pieces of Transitional Clothing to Tackle the In-Between Season in Style
Sign up for Vogue’s shopping newsletter to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty