A woman has been left wondering whether she should change her name after enduring a barrage of insults about it.
Despite not minding the moniker, she fears it might hinder her in life due to the harsh reactions it's received. She took to Reddit to ask: "Is my name ugly? Should I change it? My name's Presley and people tell me it's an ugly name, or that it's tacky. I've seen people suggest this name for babies and have often been hit with how many people truly think it's a bad name. Should I change it? Would you be uncomfortable dating someone named Presley? Should I feel bad?"
She also revealed most of her friends refer to her as Bunny - and sometimes people confuse her name with Paisley. She added: "I always loved when people called me Paisley, so maybe. If Bunny doesn't stick. I know it's an even weirder name, but it's cute to me. I'd totally own the hate I'd get for it."
One user responded to her post, saying: "I changed my first name years ago and it really comes down to how you feel about it. I had a silly, 'unique' name that was far worse than yours so I feel like I can safely tell you - if I were you, I would change it. I personally think it does sound tacky and will make people not take you seriously.
"Names are much more important to our identity than people realise so parents should be careful on how they name their children." One person shared: "I can tell you I am so much happier with my new, normal name and only regret not doing it sooner."
Another user commented: "That's my sister's name and she never had any issues but it's really how you feel about it. I had a normal name and hated it and changed it to something that gets more negative reactions than the first one did but I love my name."
A third user said: " I think it’s adorable and androgynous! What really matters though is that you feel happy with your name." Another user asked: "Honest question: do you think it's an ugly name? And I mean you, not the you that has heard others give their opinion, but you yourself separated from all that input.
"If no, then you're good. If yes, then consider changing it or going by a nickname. Don't worry about what other people think. 100% of names are made up. All that matters is that you like it. If it helps, I personally think Presley is a fine name."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.