By 

	Kalia Richardson


	The American Music Awards will return in May 2025, CBS and Dick Clark Productions announced Tuesday. The AMAs, which last aired in 2022, were originally set to air on CBS Oct. 6. This will be the first time the award show will broadcast on CBS since moving from ABC. CBS did not disclose the reason for moving the date. (Full disclosure: Rolling Stone’s parent company, PMC, owns Dick Clark Productions.)

	In its previous Oct. 6 slot, CBS will air a two-hour anniversary special commemorating pop culture history. (The anniversary special will also be available to stream on Paramount+.)

	The American Music Awards anniversary special “will serve as a tribute to the past 50 years and feature dazzling new performances, heartfelt artist interviews, legendary special guests, and exclusive never-before-seen footage from DCP’s extensive archives, highlighting iconic moments that have defined the awards show and shaped pop culture,” the synopsis reads. Performers at the ceremony have not been announced.

	










	The 2022 AMAs debuted categories including Favorite Afrobeats Artist, K-pop Artist, Rock Song, and Rock Album, while also bringing back the Favorite Touring Artist after it was excluded during the pandemic. Described as the world’s largest fan-voted award show, Taylor Swift won all six categories in which she was nominated in 2022, including Artist of the Year. Bad Bunny — who won in two categories — entered the award ceremony with eight nods. Beyonce, Drake, and Swift received six nominations each. As Swift accepted her Artist of the Year accolade, she thanked the fans with “13 exclamation points.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	








	“In the past few years, I’ve released more music than the entire decade proceeding that, and I really feel like that’s down to the fact that you, the fans, made it clear that you wanted to hear lots of music that I would make,” Swift said during the November 2022 ceremony. “You encouraged me. I found the more music I made, the more music I put out, the happier I was.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.