By 

	Thania Garcia


Daddy Yankee and Peacock have announced the release of a new docuseries dubbed “Reggaeton: The Sound that Conquered the World.” Out Oct. 3 on Peacock, the series will dissect the genre’s origins with commentary from some of its biggest stars, and with Yankee as an executive producer. 

	The four-part docuseries features commentary from Bad Bunny, Ivy Queen, J Balvin, Feid, Karol G and more, and is directed by Omar Acosta. The Puerto Rican director is a four-time Emmy nominee and is best known for creating the hip-hop documentary, “Mixtape.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Horror Overkill: Too Many Scary Movies Set for 2025 Theatrical Releases		
			














	
		
					'Suits LA' Casts Yvette Nicole Brown in Guest Star Role (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	“Reggaeton: The Sound that Conquered the World” is said to explore the genre’s evolution from its beginnings in Puerto Rico, all the way up to to its current status as a cultural and commercial success in the global music industry. Also executive producing areSimran A Singh, Mayna Nevarez, Raphy Pina, Barak Moffitt, Alice Webb, Daniel Seliger, David Kennedy and Nick Quested. The docuseries is produced by Mercury Studios, Saboteur Media, and El Cartel.




			Popular on Variety		






	Daddy Yankee wrapped his farewell tour, “La Meta (The Goal),” in December, where he announced he would be retiring from performing and dedicating his life to his religious faith. He is expected to dive deeper into his career trajectory and his new path in his first memoir, “ReaDY! The Power To Change Your Story,” slated for release sometime next year via HarperCollins. 

	“I am very excited to present you the first physical copy of my book… where I share many personal experiences, life testimonies and many lessons that I have learned throughout my life,” he captioned the announcement post. 

	Watch the trailer for “Reggaeton: The Sound that Conquered the World” below.
The Business of Entertainment