Peso Pluma is one of the hottest rappers in Mexico and Latin America. The artist is making a mark on the world and has even performed at Coachella last year.
Due to his lyrics’ severe nature and massive following, many were shocked by Peso Pluma’s age. After all, it’s not every day that a 25-year-old rapper from Mexico makes international headlines!
In this article, we’ll tell you everything about the rapper’s journey from a reserved teenager to an ingenious songwriter.
Hassan Emilio Kabande Laija was born in Zapopan Mexico on June 15, 1999. The rapper is of Mexican and Lebanese descent. However, Pluma identifies more with his Latin heritage since his parents were born in Mexico.
The 25-year-old fell in love with songwriting from a young age. He’d write music in his journals but was always too shy to share his raps with the world.
The pair started taking rap seriously when his cousin, Tito Laija Garcia, took on music production. Then, Peso Pluma was born! The artist adopted the stage name due to his skinny physique, as “Peso Pluma” means featherweight in Spanish.
Peso Pluma has enjoyed an astronomical rise in popularity thanks to his frequent collaborations and dabbling in different genres. However, we believe the Mexican rapper’s talent was enough to get him international recognition—even without the features and the scandals.
When Pluma started his rap career, his primary influence was the local Mexican culture. His lyrics focused on narcoculture, blending trap with corridos tumbados.
Controversy followed Peso Pluma’s unique and provocative songwriting. Local Mexicans accused the artist of glamorizing crime and gangs, while cartels threatened him for glorifying rival drug lords, leading to the cancellation of a show.
Pluma bravely defended himself by saying he only finds inspiration in the culture but isn’t connected to any illegal activity. Soon after, the public appreciated the artist’s creativity and forgot all about the incident!
Peso Pluma began expanding his music by dabbling in different genres—all of which originated in Latin America. This one-of-a-kind music style garnered him thousands of fans.
In 2023, he became the most-viewed artist on YouTube, making history! Pluma surpassed Bad Bunny and Taylor Swift, who ranked fourth and fifth on the U.S. charts, while rappers YoungBoy Never Broke Again and Drake took second and third place.
Following his international success, Pluma was the first regional Mexican artist to perform on The Tonight Show With Jimmy Fallon. He was also one of the leading artists performing at the 2024 Coachella Music Festival.
We’re happy to say that the future’s looking bright for Pluma. Not only is he embarking on a world tour, but he’s also working on an album, Exodo, which features international stars like Cardi B, Quavo, and Rich the Kid.
There has been much speculation about Pluma’s romantic life, which is natural given his status as one of Mexico’s most eligible bachelors. Peso Pluma’s most recent known relationship was with Argentine rapper Nicki Nicole.
Nicole, also a singer, collaborated with Peso on a remix of his single “Por Las Noches.” The couple made their relationship public with a kiss on stage during Nicole’s concert in Mexico City.
In November, they made their official red carpet-debut as a couple at the Latin Grammy Awards, appearing very much in love. However, weeks later, Nicole unfollowed Pluma on Instagram and deleted all traces of their relationship, signaling their breakup.
Before we compare Peso Pluma’s age to Bad Bunny’s, it’s worth noting that Bad Bunny is one of Peso Pluma’s main rivals in the music scene. Peso Pluma even surpassed Bad Bunny’s record for having the most songs on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart at one time.
Now, onto their ages: Peso Pluma, born on June 15, 1999, is 25 years old, while Bad Bunny, who was born on March 10, 1994, is 29. But the real question is: Is there any tension between these two Latin rap stars?
A video of Peso Pluma apparently taking a jab at Bad Bunny during a concert went viral, stirring up controversy and unsettling fans. However, the two artists have since demonstrated there’s no animosity between them. Bad Bunny was seen enjoying Peso Pluma’s performance, leading to one of the most touching moments in Latin music.
Peso Pluma has established himself as one of Mexico’s leading singers, and his fame has reached international levels. By 2024, his net worth is estimated to be around $20 million, accumulated through music sales, YouTube revenue, and concert performances.
 His YouTube videos have garnered nearly 4 billion views, contributing approximately $251,000 to his monthly income.
Peso Pluma’s age might come as a surprise to many people. From performing at Coachella and becoming the first Mexican artist to perform on The Tonight Show to make enemies with local cartels, the rapper has achieved so much in only 25 years!
There’s no telling what the future holds for Peso Pluma. The rapper frequently changes his style, merging different genres and collaborating with international artists. He’s definitely on track to becoming one of the top Latin rappers of the 21st century.

				I'm a Libra artisan who creates beautiful works of art. To me, true beauty isn't just skin deep - it's about creating something that inspires people and brings out the best in them. Even a simple article can have a profound impact on someone's life.			
 Copyright © 2025 Therolladailynews.com All Rights Reserved. 
Copyright © 2025 Therolladailynews.com All Rights Reserved.