By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG and LAURA PARKIN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:36, 11 March 2024   |  Updated:  16:26, 11 March 2024   
 53
View  comments
Emily Ratajkowski suffered a wardrobe malfunction as she attended the 2024 Vanity Fair Oscars party in Beverly Hills on Sunday. 
The supermodel, 32, wore a daring, sculpted white gown from the French brand Jacquemus. 
The backless ensemble featured an asymmetrical bodice that tilted slightly to the left and appeared to nearly lift away from her figure. 
Emily held her gown in place with one hand while posing for photos on the red carpet at the Wallis Armstrong Center for the Performing Arts. 
She opted for minimal accessories to allow the dress to be the main focal point, and added a pair of dangly, silver earrings, while her flawless visage was painted by the pros at Charlotte Tilbury.
Emily Ratajkowski, 32, suffered a wardrobe malfunction as she attended the 2024 Vanity Fair Oscars party in Beverly Hills on Sunday
The supermodel wore a daring, sculpted white gown from the French brand Jacquemus
This year marked the 30th anniversary of the event that's widely considered to be among the premiere Oscar parties, due to its consistency attracting many of the top celebrities of the day. 
The supermodel- who recently celebrated her son Sly's third birthday -  joined other celebrities on the red carpet during the bash, including Jessica Alba and Quinta Brunson. 
While talking to Vogue last year in 2023, the My Body author opened about her evolving sense of style. 
'I think that fashion really used to intimidate me. I felt like there were rules that I didn’t understand,' she expressed to the outlet. 
'The rules are meant to be broken, once you understand the rules then you can have fun. I think I also, in general, take it less seriously than I ever did before. I'm less afraid of risk.' 
The model has been keeping busy as she celebrated her son Sly's third birthday on Friday. 
She shares the little one with ex-husband Sebastian Bear McClard - whom she was married to from 2018 until their split in 2022. 
Ratajkowski took to her main Instagram page to share a slideshow that contained various short clips of her son that were taken in the past. 
Emily held her gown in place with one hand while posing for photos on the red carpet at the Wallis Armstrong Center for the Performing Arts
The backless ensemble featured an asymmetrical bodice, while her flawless visage was painted by the pros at Charlotte Tilbury
She later crossed paths with fellow supermodel Irina Shayk - who donned a black, tulle minidress for the nigh (Irina (second to right), as well as Adwoa Aboah, Ziwe Fumudoh and Charlie XCX)
The model completed her look with a pair of towering platform heels 
While talking to Vogue last year in 2023, the My Body author opened about her evolving sense of style; seen earlier this month in Paris
The beauty also penned a sweet caption as she wished Sly a happy birthday and also gushed that she was 'lucky' to be his mother.
'Sly is THREE! This day three years ago I felt my beautiful baby's soul come into the world and held him to my chest and my god—how the time has flown.' 
She added, 'Witnessing Sly become the loving, curious, funny and kind person he is has been the joy of my life. I feel so lucky to call myself Sly's mama. I can't wait to see what comes next.' 
Social media users jumped to the comment section to also join in the celebration, such as Eiza Gonzalez, who wrote, 'I love you sly you little bad bunny fan! hbd angel.'
Elsa Hosk added both a red heart and crying face emoji while Irina Shayk typed, 'Happy bday sly sly,' followed by a fire emoji. 
While talking to PopSugar last month in February, Emily talked about how her son has helped her when it comes to prioritizing self-care. 
The model has been keeping busy as she celebrated her son Sly's third birthday on Friday
The beauty also penned a sweet caption as she wished Sly a happy birthday and also gushed that she was 'lucky' to be his mother
'Sly has really made me more present and appreciative because he's changing so quickly that I'm sort of like, "Holy s**t, life is going by."' 
And during an interview with Glamour earlier this year in January, she further touched on the topic of motherhood. 
'It changed the surface-level relationship I had with my image and my body, where it was just this thing to be looked at and it was either doing a good job or a bad job in that regard.'
She added, 'Now I see it as this amazing vessel that actually knows a lot more than me in some ways.' 
 Best Picture
American Fiction
Anatomy of a Fall
Barbie
The Holdovers
Killers of the Flower Moon
Maestro
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Past Lives
Poor Things 
The Zone of Interest
Oppenheimer was the biggest winner of the night with seven including top honor Best Picture; Emma Thomas, Christopher Nolan, and Charles Roven are seen 
Best Director 
Justine Triet, Anatomy of a Fall
Martin Scorsese, Killers of the Flower Moon 
Christopher Nolan, Oppenheimer - WINNER
Yorgos Lanthimos, Poor Things
Jonathan Glazer, The Zone of Interest
Actress in a Leading Role
Annette Bening, Nyad
Lily Gladstone, Killers of the Flower Moon
Sandra Huller, Anatomy of a Fall
Carey Mulligan, Maestro
Emma Stone, Poor Things - WINNER
Emma Stone earned a shock win in the Actress in a Leading Role category for Poor Things
Actor in a Leading Role
Bradley Cooper, Maestro
Colman Domingo, Rustin
Paul Giamatti, The Holdovers
Cillian Murphy, Oppenheimer - WINNER
Jeffrey Wright, American Fiction
Actress in a Supporting Role
Emily Blunt, Oppenheimer
Danielle Brooks, The Color Purple
America Ferrera, Barbie
Jodie Foster, Nyad
Da’Vine Joy Randolph, The Holdovers - WINER 
Da’Vine Joy Randolph triumphed in the Actress in a Supporting Role category for The Holdovers 
Actor in a Supporting Role
Sterling K. Brown, American Fiction
Robert De Niro, Killers of the Flower Moon
Robert Downey Jr., Oppenheimer - WINNER
Ryan Gosling, Barbie
Mark Ruffalo, Poor Things 
Animated Feature Film
The Boy and the Heron - WINNER
Elemental
Nimona
Robot Dreams
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
Cinematography
El Conde
Killers of the Flower Moon
Maestro 
Oppenheimer, Hoyte van Hoytema - WINNER
Poor Things
Original Screenplay
Anatomy of a Fall, Justine Triet and Arthur Harari - WINNER 
The Holdovers, David Hemingson
Maestro, Bradley Cooper and Josh Singer
May December, Samy Burch (Story b Samy Burch & Alex Mechanik)
Past Lives, Celine Song
Adapted Screenplay
American Fiction, Cord Jefferson - WINNER
Barbie, Greta Gerwig & Noah Baumbach
Oppenheimer, Christopher Nolan
Poor Things, Tony McNamara
The Zone of Interest, Jonathan Glazer
Cord Jefferson won Adapted Screenplay for American Fiction
Achievement in Production Design
Barbie
Killers of the Flower Moon
Napoleon
Oppenheimer
Poor Things, Production Design: James Price and Shona Heath; Set Decoration: Zsuzsa Mihalek - WINNER
Achievement in Sound
The Creator
Maestro
Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One
Oppenheimer
The Zone of Interest, Tarn Willers and Johnnie Burn - WINNER
Original Song 
'The Fire Inside' from Flamin' Hot
'I'm Just Ken' from Barbie
'It Never Went Away' from American Symphony
'Wahzhazhe (A Song for My People)' from Killers of the Flower Moon
'What Was I Made For?' from Barbie, Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell - WINNERS
Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell earned Original Song for Barbie's What Was I Made For?
Original Score  
American Fiction
Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer, Ludwig Göransson - WINNER
Poor Things
Live Action Short Film
The After
Invincible
Knight of Fortune
Red, White and Blue
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar, Wes Anderson and Steven Rales - WINNER
Animated Short Film
Letter to a Pig
95 Senses
Our Uniform
Pachyderme
WAR IS OVER! Inspired by the Music of John and Yoko - WINNER
WAR IS OVER! Inspired by the Music of John and Yoko won Animated Short Film; Dave Mullins and Brad Booker pictured 
Documentary Feature Film
Bobi Wine: The People's President
The Eternal Memory
Four Daughters
To Kill a Tiger
20 Days in Mariupol - WINNER
Documentary Short Film
The ABCs of Book Banning
The Barber of Little Rock
Island in Between
The Last Repair Shop - WINNER
Nǎi Nai and Wài Pó
International Feature Film
Io Capitano, Italy
Perfect Days, Japan
Society of the Snow, Spain
The Teachers' Lounge, Germany
The Zone of Interest, United Kingdom - WINNER
The Zone Of Interest took home two Oscars including International Feature Film; Jonathan Glazer and James Wilson are pictured 
Makeup and Hairstyling
Golda
Maestro
Oppenheimer
Poor Things, Nadia Stacey, Mark Coulier and Josh Weston - WINNER
Society of the Snow 
Achievement in Costume Design
Barbie
Killers of the Flower Moon
Napoleon
Oppenheimer
Poor Things, Holly Waddington - WINNER
Achievement in Film Editing
Anatomy of a Fall
The Holdovers
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer, Jennifer Lame - WINNER
Poor Things 
Visual Effects
The Creator
Godzilla Minus One, Takashi Yamazaki, Kiyoko Shibuya, Masaki Takahashi and Tatsuji Nojima  - WINNER
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One
Napoleon
Godzilla Minus One won the Visual Effects award as Masaki Takahashi, Takashi Yamazaki, Kiyoko Shibuya and Tatsuji Nojima are pictured

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group