Bunnie XO is defending her latest social media post. After Jelly Roll's wife sparked outrage for a TikTok post about meeting her "hall pass," Bunnie XO took to Facebook to speak out against the haters.
It all started when Bunnie shared a video of herself meeting Chris Cerulli, the lead singer for Motionless in White, alongside which she wrote, "When you finally get to meet your hall pass."
Bunny added a heart-eyed emoji to the post, which she captioned, "You could say we're in love now."
Followers were quick to criticize Bunny for her post, calling her out for seemingly disrespecting her husband. 
Jelly Roll himself was quick to shut down that thought, though. In the comments section, he left crying laughing emojis and declared it was "bout time" his wife met her crush.
"Wait 'til they figure out you made this happen or should we let them sweat it out a little more?" Bunnie replied to her husband.
She further addressed the situation on Facebook, writing, "So many ppl offended & upset about my 'hall pass' video. When my husband & I are just giggling over it."
"Sorry y'all aren't comfortable in your own skin & too insecure to let your s/o joke around. I'd hate to live in a cage like that," she wrote. "Y'all forget my husband is my bestfriend [sic] & love of my life. Half the things I say & do are a JOKE. Satire. If you don't kno [sic] the definition look it up & while you're at it, look up the word personality. Maybe it will help some of y'all find one."
Included in the post was a screenshot of her text message conversation with Jelly Roll, in which the singer praised his wife's TikTok as "so funny."
In a follow-up post, Bunnie slammed the "double standards in society," noting that they are "WILD." To prove her point, Bunnie recalled the response when Jelly Roll met his crush, Taylor Swift, at the GRAMMYs earlier this year.
In her February TikTok of Jelly Roll's sweet moment with Taylor, Bunnie, who retired from sex work last year, wrote that the moment was "the sweetest thing ever."
"When my husband met his crush Taylor Swift everyone swooned," she wrote on Facebook. "But his wife, an outspoken blonde meets hers & omg what a wh*re! We feel so bad for Jelly blah blah blah. I didn't even hug dude lmao - I shook his hand & y'all kno [sic] how much I hate shaking hands."
While Bunnie is active on social media, her husband recently took a step back from the online world because he was "so tired of being bullied about his f**king weight," she previously revealed on her Dumb Blonde podcast.
"The internet can say whatever the f**k they want about you and they say, 'Well you're a celebrity, you're supposed to be able to handle it.' No the f**ck we're not," she said. "Don't bully people because you never know where they are mentally."
On TikTok shortly thereafter, Bunnie said she's always "gonna stand up for the f**king underdogs."
"You're never gonna bully me, you're never gonna lie about me or my family and I will fight 'til the end," she said. "All you gotta do is just leave me and my family the f**k alone and you won't get called out." 
Jelly Roll and Bunnie first met at one of his shows in 2015, sparking a romance. The pair got engaged in 2016 and decided to tie the knot the same day at a chapel in Las Vegas. He has since credited her as "a beacon of change in my life," per a 2023 interview with Billboard. 
RELATED CONTENT:
Video
News
News
News