SINCE 1854
Since 1854
  Home   Lifestyle   Article
The Advertiser has opened its archives to see what was making the news this week 25, 50 and 100 years ago.
25 years ago – March 12, 1999
ABOVE: Newark rock band Bob played a concert for pupils at John Hunt Infants’ School, Balderton.
The band let the pupils have a go on their instruments before they played in the main hall.
Deputy head Mrs Karen Barsby said: “It was just like Top Of The Pops. The children were all swaying and nodding their heads. It was brilliant.”
Drummer Ryan Williams is pictured showing Stacey Hallum, 7, and Ryan Price, 6, how to play the drums.
• A fun night out in Newark turned into a nightmare for dozens of teenagers after they were left with their eyes streaming and swollen.
Extra staff were drafted into Newark Hospital to cope with the influx of youngsters, many of whom also had rashes on their faces and other exposed skin.
The night before around 150 of them had been to a teenage night at Lightning Jaks on Barnbygate, where the club owners had hired a foam sprayer.
• A town’s Caribbean centre will close in two months unless volunteers come forward to serve on the management committee.
The Caribbean Friends And Family Centre on Queens Road, Newark, is in crisis as some committee members, many of whom were founder members, have stepped down or left the area.
The centre, which is drastic need of repair due to subsidence, is the only one in the county outside of Nottingham and is a major part of town life for more than 200 people.
• Some of the first students to attend Brackenhurst College, Southwell, were reunited when they attended a party to mark the college’s 50th anniversary.
The former students were among around 240 people, including directors, staff and friends of the college to attend a celebration dinner at Newark Showground.
The building was decked with floral displays made by current students.
50 years ago – March 16, 1974
ABOVE: Children of Highfields Preparatory School, Newark, and Coddington Church of England School showed their skill when, in the fitting setting of Newark Parish Church, they acted out the Easter story in music and mime.
Chapters of the story unfolded in different parts of the church.
• Newark Chamber of Trade wants tougher treatment for vandals from magistrates.
It considers the fines and sentences are not heavy enough and suspended sentences are no deterrent.
It is felt the growing trend of vandalism started with the abolition of corporal punishment.
• A compulsary purchase order is proposed for four acres of Newark’s town centre as part of a re-development plan.
The site includes a wide range of buildings. If approved, it will be developed as a shopping complex and multi-storey carpark.
The buildings involved are on the south side of the Market Place, the west side of Cartergate, the north side of Lombard Street and part of St Mark’s Lane.
• Worthington-Simpson, the Newark-based pumping engineers, has been awarded the Worthington Pump International Plaque for excellence in company management.
Managing director Mr Fred Pflum said: “This is really the result of a combined co-operative effort by all employees.”
• New jobs at Newark’s biggest factory, Ransome Hoffman Marles, have boosted the town’s drive to get back to full production.
The bright news comes from new developments – the switching of a manufacturing process from the firm’s Bunny works to Newark and the expansion of the grinding shop at Newark to full operational level.
• Burgage House is to be Newark District Council’s branch office at Southwell for a rent of £1,500 a year.
At the premises committee meeting Mr E. Bust said several youth groups used the building for meetings and it was the new council’s moral duty to see that they had accomodation.
100 years – March 10, 1924
The bad state into which roads have fallen during the years of the war and which now requires making good was held to be responsible for an increase of 6d in the rates by Newark Rural District Council.
They had a sanction for £42,00 for getting certain roads into order and the Ministry of Transport had agreed to pay two-thirds.
• How a pony attached to a float walked down Baldertongate from the end of Guildhall Street to Century Street unattended, before it was finally caught by a police officer, was described to the Borough Bench.
William Palethorpe, a milk dealer, pleaded guilty to the offence of leaving his pony unattended.
• The decision of the Newark Divisional Labour Party to contest the seat in the next Parliamentary election was made a meeting at the Ossington.
Mr Samuel Truman, of Long Eaton, who started life as a lacehand, was adopted as prospective Labour candidate.
• Many inhabitants of Collingham felt the earth tremor last week and were greatly alarmed by the unusual occurrence.
• Newark’s band of juvenile co-optimists, the Frolicsome Follies, has already made a name for itself.
There is always added appeal if the entertainers be local residents and the novelty of finding a Newark party of mirth-makers undertaking a long programme and carrying it through with success and ease, was enough to fill the Town Hall when the Follies appeared under the auspices of the Caledonian Society.
The attendance was all the more pleasing in that the entertainment was for the benefit of the hospital.