Growing up, my favourite part of Easter was the brightly-coloured foil-wrapped chocolate eggs, but my cravings are different nowadays. As an adult, there's only one thing I'm hoping for from the Easter Bunny - a Lindt rabbit.
From its golden wrapping and suave jingle bell down to its silky-smooth flavour, Lindt oozes luxury. So receiving one, for Easter or any other occasion, just feels extra special.
But I couldn't believe it when I saw a standard-sized Lindt bunny on sale in my local supermarket for £3.75. It seemed a heck of a lot to pay for 100g of chocolate, no matter how creamy and delicious. You can get a bar of Cadbury's Dairy Milk triple the size for less.
Read more: I tried supermarket Easter eggs and a giant £8 one could have injured me 
Don't miss updates in Birmingham from food and drink, shopping, things to do and more with our daily City Life newsletter here
 Shopping around, I found that most of the big supermarkets do their own version of Lindt's famous bunny for a fraction of the price. So I put them to the test, comparing chocolate rabbits from M&S, Asda, Morrisons, Sainsbury's and Aldi to see if any of them could knock Lindt's fancy bunny off its pedestal.
Straight off the bat, Marks and Spencer's bunny stood out from the crowd. Unlike the others, which had been decorated to look somewhat like real rabbits, M&S's wrapping was covered in colourful spring flowers, though the shape and goldish foil meant there was an air of Lindt about it.
Underneath, however, the chocolate bunny was the most lifelike and had a sweet little face that made me feel guilty biting into it. The chocolate was creamy, not as rich as Lindt, but milkier. It didn't taste cheap and the flavour was nice, but it was no where near as luxurious.
Considering Marks' was the most expensive rabbit after Lindt, I wasn't overly impressed by the taste. I gave this one a 3/5.
At £1.50, Asda's was one of the cheapest of the bunch, joint with Morrisons and Sainsbury's and would probably be more appealing to kids with its cartoonish design.
The chocolate seemed quite a bit thinner than the M&S and Lindt rabbits, though it apparently contained the same amount. I liked the flavour - it was smooth with more richness than Marks', like a cheaper version of Galaxy. I scored this one a 4/5.
Morrisons' Easter bunny design was the most basic, with little detail on the plain bronze foil, and the chocolate interior appeared to have come out of the exact same mould as Asda's.
They tasted similar, too, though I thought Morrisons was slightly chalkier in texture and left more of an aftertaste. It wasn't bad, but probably my least favourite of the rabbit colony. I marked this one a 2.5/5.
Surprisingly, Aldi's wasn't the cheapest of the bunch at £1.69, which I put down to its swish golden foil wrapping and dapper bow collar that looked suspiciously similar to Lindt's. A classic Aldi move.
The flavour was somewhat creamy and certainly moreish, but it tasted a bit cheap. Thankfully, I quite like cheap chocolate so I didn't mind and the posh wrapping made it feel special at an affordable price. I gave Aldi's bunny a 3.5/5 overall.
Sainsbury's spotty bunny was adorable and probably my favourite design of the bunch, but the chocolate inside seemed like it had been bashed around a bit.
The flavour was instantly familiar and I had another bite to make sure. It tasted like Cadbury - not exactly the same, of course, but a similar velvety flavour with a hint of bitterness. I loved it and gave Sainsbury's bunny the highest score of 4.5/5.
But was it better than Lindt? In terms of flavour, probably not. Lindt's super-smooth indulgent taste is hard to beat, but if you're after a cheaper option this Easter, Sainsbury's bunny is a great alternative and half the price.
Or, if you're looking for more chocolate for your buck, Amazon has slashed the price of its Cadbury Dairy Milk Big Night In Chocolate Hamper to £12.42 for a limited time in its Spring Deals Day sale.