Cyber Monday 2024
Cyber Monday Deals
Cyber Monday Tech Deals
Best Buy Deals
Cyber Monday Apple Deals
Cyber Monday Laptop Deals
Cyber Monday Toy Deals
Cyber Monday Coffee Deals
Cyber Monday Mattress Deals
Cyber Monday Outdoor Deals
Cyber Monday TV Deals
Cyber Monday Camera Deals
Branch Cyber Monday Deals
All products featured on Wired are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Cyber Monday may be over, but the deals are still going strong—for now. Whether you're checking off your holiday shopping or snagging a special treat for yourself, now's the time to pounce. Every item on this list has been vetted, tested, and loved by someone at WIRED. Our Gear team has cross-checked these picks with our buying guides to ensure you're getting the lowest prices—or close to it. Don't wait too long, though. These prices won't stick around forever—some may even expire by the time you reach the end of this story.
Jump to Category
Our Process
We test products year-round and handpicked these deals. To find you the best deals, we use a proprietary tool that scans prices on everything we've reviewed over the last two years and spotlights notable price changes. We then pore over massive spreadsheets by hand and pick the best of the best deals.
Samsung's S90D (9/10, WIRED Recommends) is one of the best TVs you can buy right now, offering vivid yet naturalistic colors, class-leading brightness, and near-infinite contrast and perfect black levels that make OLED TVs so gobsmacking to gaze at. Outside its stellar performance, you’ll get a loaded suite of gaming features, including four HDMI 2.1 inputs for advanced gameplay, a dedicated game bar, and Samsung's Game Hub to stream from services like Xbox Game Pass. The one notable drawback for all Samsung TVs is their lack of Dolby Vision HDR, which is more prevalent than Samsung’s dynamic alternative, HDR10+. Even so, I’d happily have this stylish beauty as my primary display, offering picture quality that’s among the best I’ve seen all year at its best price yet. —Ryan Waniata
Sony’s Bravia 9 (9/10, WIRED Recommends) is the best-performing backlit TV around. It blends next-gen brightness with Sony’s proprietary dimming and picture processing to provide stunningly balanced performance across the board. The TV’s brightness pushes toward the psychedelic when called upon, but with measured dispersal to keep from blowing your eyeballs out. On the other end, you’ll experience OLED-like black levels and contrast, and 4K detail that pops off the screen. Sony only offers two HDMI 2.1 ports, meaning you’re losing two slots for gaming consoles over competitors, and the TV’s off-axis viewing is good, not great. That’s the price you’ll pay for brilliance that outdoes even the most fiery OLED displays. If you’ve been looking for a good sale on the best LED TV out there, your search is over. —Ryan Waniata
The price of Sony’s impressive Bravia 7 TV (7/10, WIRED Recommends) has sunk like a stone. I took points off the score for its poor off-axis performance, but if you’re watching mostly from straight on, this TV rocks. You’ll get stunning clarity and detail, excellent brightness, vibrant quantum dot colors, and deep black levels thanks to the same algorithm that helps Sony’s Bravia 9 TV look so good. Like all of Sony’s premium TVs, the Bravia 7 offers only two HDMI 2.1 ports, limiting your options for high-performance gaming when compared to some of the best TVs in its class. Otherwise, this is a sweet screen for hundreds less than its inflated launch price. —Ryan Waniata
Hisense's 65-inch U7N QLED TV (8/10, WIRED Recommends) is our choice as the best TV for most people right now, thanks to its impressive performance and features for the money. The TV’s swarm of mini LED backlights serve up fiery brightness and deep black levels with minimal light bleed, meaning the picture looks great in the daylight and the dark. It’s got great gaming features, including VRR (variable refresh rate) for gaming at up to 144 kHz from its high-refresh panel, and an intuitive Google TV smart system to run the show. Videophiles will likely notice some dirty screen effect—this is a value model after all—and like nearly all backlit TVs, its off-axis viewing is just OK. Still, there’s little to complain about in this well-balanced package, serving up big 4K thrills at a crazy-low price. —Ryan Waniata
If you’re after a solid screen at a sweet price, Roku’s baseline Plus Series could be right up your alley. It all starts with the fantastic Roku operating system that makes it remarkably simple to call up connected devices, grab any app, and even track down your remote with a built-in chime. Frankly, that last feature is so fundamental I can’t believe it isn’t standard in all modern TVs. The Plus Series’ panel only offers a 60-Hz refresh rate, so it’s not the best option for serious gamers, but it’s a solid performer thanks to good brightness and punchy colors. Thanks to local dimming, you won’t see blotchy patches when the lights are down, either. Support for Apple Homekit, Alexa, and Google Assistant rounds out the package for a great budget buy. —Ryan Waniata
For those looking to see the blaze of summer in the dead of winter, Hisense’s 65-inch U8N TV serves up stunning brightness that nearly doubles many TVs in its price class. All that power doesn’t come at the cost of contrast, as the TV provides excellent black levels with minimal light bleed, alongside vivid quantum dot colors to let you bask in its sizzling punch in any lighting. You’ll also get the latest gaming features, a breezy Google TV interface, and every major flavor of HDR. The off-axis viewing isn’t anything to write home about, but this TV feels more premium than it has a right to for under $1,000. Looking to go bigger? The 75-inch version is still reasonable at $1,300, or you can go nuclear with the 85-incher for $300 more. —Ryan Waniata
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
Apple’s latest iPad Mini (8/10, WIRED Recommends) comes with several internal upgrades. With an A17 Pro chip, it can handle both graphically demanding games and Apple Intelligence (the company’s suite of artificial intelligence features) with ease. It also has support for the feature-packed Apple Pencil Pro. All of this is packed into a tiny build that’s great for traveling with—whether you’re using it for gaming or reading ebooks. —Brenda Stolyar
This is the latest Apple Pencil to join the lineup. Unlike the 1st and 2nd-gen versions, it comes with a “squeeze” capability that triggers the tool palette (you can use double-tap as well) and a haptic engine that delivers feedback when you squeeze the stylus. The built-in gyroscope sensor also allows you to change the orientation of each tool as you twist it, giving you finer control. It’s only compatible with the iPad Air (M2), iPad Pro (M4), and iPad Mini (A17 Pro). —Brenda Stolyar
The iMac with M4 (9/10, WIRED Recommends) comes with a few notable upgrades, including a 12-megapixel webcam with support for Center Stage, the option to add a nano-texture display, and the accessories now come with USB-C ports. Powered by the latest M4 chip, it delivers great performance too. It’s currently our favorite desktop in our guide to Best All-in-One Computers. —Brenda Stolyar
This MacBook Air (9/10, WIRED Recommends) with M1 is the cheapest MacBook you can buy. Although the M1 came out back in 2020, it’s still a speedy and capable chip for simple tasks and basic activities (like web browsing, sending emails, and word processing) along with light video editing. It also has solid battery life and will easily last you an entire day. It’s a good option if you’re looking for a reliable MacBook without breaking the bank. —Brenda Stolyar
Apple recently launched the M4-powered versions of the MacBook Pro, but the 14-inch MacBook Pro with M3 (9/10, WIRED Recommends) remains a great option. It has a bright display with mini-LED and a 1080p webcam built in. You’ll also get a 120-Hz refresh rate for smoother scrolling. As usual, it packs plenty of ports, including two USB-C ports with Thunderbolt 4, an HDMI, a MagSafe charging port, an SD card slot, and a high-impedance headphone jack. We recommend it if you don’t want to spend over $2,000 on a MacBook Pro. —Brenda Stolyar
This is one of our top picks in our guide to Best MacBook Accessories. The low-profile keys are satisfying to type on, while the slim and lightweight build is easy to travel with for those who like to take their peripherals on the go. It mimics the MacBook keyboard too, complete with a Do Not Disturb key and the option to program the function row key with Apple’s own apps like Keynote, Final Cut Pro, Safari, and more. It’s only available with tactile quiet switches, though. —Brenda Stolyar
This is our favorite keyboard case for iPads. The first half protects the back of the iPad and also comes with a kickstand while the second half has a detachable keyboard and trackpad. The case is not only durable and sturdy but also feels great to type on. Instead of Bluetooth, it connects using Apple’s Smart Connector so you don’t have to worry about draining battery life. It’s available for the base iPad (7th, 8th, and 9th Gen) along with the iPad Air (5th Gen and M2) and 11-inch iPad Pro (1st Gen and newer), 12.9-inch iPad Pro (5th and 6th Gen), as well as the 11-inch and 13-inch iPad Pro with M4. —Brenda Stolyar
Logitech's Casa Pop-Up Desk (9/10, WIRED Review) is a great solution for those who constantly work on the go but prefer using an external keyboard and mouse with your laptop. Instead of carrying all those accessories around, the Casa Pop-Up Desk includes a keyboard and trackpad that fit neatly into a compact case that doubles as a laptop stand. It’s expensive, but it’s worth it if you’re always working out of the house. —Brenda Stolyar
This is a great accessory if you want to use your iPhone as a webcam. Thanks to a feature called Continuity Camera, you can use your iPhone as a webcam for a MacBook (you can check out these instructions for how to set it up). The circular silicone puck magnetically connects to your iPhone (it also doubles as a kickstand or phone grip), and there’s a section that pops out so you can mount the iPhone on top of a MacBook. Since it utilizes the rear camera, the Belkin allows for a more natural video-calling experience and better image quality than the standard MacBook webcam. —Brenda Stolyar
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
This Bluetooth-connected portable board finally got my 7- and 9-year-old interested in chess. The pieces feel wonderfully matte and heavy to play with. It connects to the GoChess app on your phone, which is integrated with Lichess and Chess.com. You can play against other people or get AI-enabled suggestions in person, and the board lights up to guide you. My kids will pick up pieces and discuss moves for hours. It's great.—Adrienne So
A firm WIRED favorite and one of the best family board games, Ticket to Ride features steam engine styling and rules that are easy to grasp. All you must do is claim railway routes across the US and Canada using your colorful plastic rail cars. Spend cards to claim routes, rack up bonus points for connecting specific destinations, and the person with the highest score at the end wins. All aboard, choo, choo! —Simon Hill
If your kid is learning how to ride a bike, a Guardian bike is not that much more expensive than a big box store bike, and it weighs around 10 pounds less. Guardian's proprietary SureStop brake system which means the rear wheel will always brake before the front wheel, so your kid will never flip over. It works. I gave my kid's bike to a 20-year-old ding-dong to test in an empty parking garage, and he couldn't flip it.—Adrienne So
Inspired by the Royal Palace of Evora in Portugal, with its Moorish blue-and-white ceramic tiles, this board game challenges you to make mosaics by matching tiles with different patterns and colors to amass the maximum possible score. One of the best family board games for all tastes, Azul is easy to grasp but supports many tactical approaches and has surprising depth. The beautiful tiles and other components are high quality, and filling your board is deeply satisfying. Play moves quickly, and you can complete a game in less than an hour, but you will probably want to play again immediately. —Simon Hill
Start with a randomly generated map of hexagonal tiles in this addictive family board game, and gather and trade resources to develop your civilization and win. Amassing enough victory points requires a smart strategy and some dice-rolling luck. Catan is easy to get the hang of and only takes around an hour to finish. Players can trade freely, but the robber mechanic can cause arguments, so set some ground rules. The modular randomization makes for excellent replay value, and there are expansions and spin-offs to further complicate the gameplay. This game is for three or four players aged 10 years and up. —Simon Hill
This cat-themed card game is easy to pick up and perfect for a quick game. The aim is to avoid exploding kitten cards by wielding a comical cast of cats with special powers. Timing and strategy are essential to get the best of your opponents. This fun card game appears in our best family board games guide. If it’s a hit with your fam, there are countless expansion packs worth trying. —Simon Hill
One of the best family board games for larger groups, Herd Mentality is all about writing down the same answer as everyone else. If you agree with the majority of players on the best pizza topping, Disney movie, or the smallest animal that could carry your weight, you win a cow token. Eight tokens win you the game, but if you are the odd one out, you get the pink cow of doom. It’s funny and easy to play with any group. —Simon Hill
I’m going to be honest with you: I hate these blinky, twinkly, one-trick-pony toys because my kids play with them for a week or two and then put them away forever. (Give them sets or skills they can build on, like games, Lego, or instruments.) Nevertheless, I make an exception because Sphero’s toys are so delightful and this price is ridiculous. My colleague Simon Hill’s wife uses this coding ball as a classroom aid to teach basic coding skills to 9-year-olds and older. It’s adorable and can move and navigate mazes through infrared communication. —Adrienne So
Loog Guitars is holding a sitewide sale for 40 percent off that ends tonight. This is cheating a bit, because my kids already know how to play piano and violin, but the Loog electric guitar is the fastest I've ever seen them pick up an instrument. The app is fun and engaging and my son even tuned it himself. (It's also an excuse to get on the iPad, grrr.) —Adrienne So
This rock tumbler is perfect for any aspiring rock hound, and we say as much in our STEM toys buying guide. The kit includes four levels of grit, plus a bag of rough gemstones so they can get started tumbling during Christmas break. According to the Amazon reviews, this tumbler is also used and liked by some adults who've been putting rocks in their pockets for decades. —Adrienne So
This stylish Lego set is from the botanicals collection, and can be loved by Lego fans and interior design fans alike. It’s a fun set to build with a person, too, since it’s built in two near-identical halves that you and someone else can make at the same time and then connect together. The finished piece has lived everywhere from my entryway to my dining room table to various shelves, and it’s looked good in every single spot. —Nena Farrell
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
If you use Samsung devices, this is a great triple wireless charger for your Galaxy phone, Galaxy smartwatch, and Galaxy earbuds. Since it’s Qi-compatible, you can also use it to charge other devices as well—including iPhones. It also has LEDs that light up quickly when you place your gadgets down on it, and it also comes with a 25-watt wall charger and USB-C cable. However, it doesn’t work with all Galaxy watches. We found that it was, however, compatible with the Watch4 and older Watch3. —Brenda Stolyar
This is our favorite MagSafe dash mount for the iPhone 12 or later. You can attach it via dashboard pad or windshield with a suction cup—both of which proved secure in our testing. There’s also a telescopic arm that combines with a ball joint for a wide range of movement, allowing you to find the ideal position. The USB-C charging cable is removable too, so you can store it when it’s not in use. There’s also a built-in fan to help keep you cool when it gets hot outside. Our only gripe is that it tops out at 7.5 watts for charging. —Brenda Stolyar
Durable and versatile, this power bank slips easily into a bag and has a nice grippy, textured finish. The yellow is easy to spot in a crowded tent, and the segmented LED shows the remaining power in blocks of 10 percent. The Charge 100 Max can charge up to five gadgets at once, and the wireless charging pad on top is handy in the dark when you don’t want to fumble with cables. This is the outdoors pick in our Best Portable Chargers guide. —Simon Hill
We particularly love Belkin’s BoostCharge Pro for its compact design and support for 15-watt wireless charging. The prongs also cling to your vent securely and the array of magnets allow for a strong hold with MagSafe-enabled iPhones. With a ball joint, you can also angle your phone slightly for a better view of the screen. Unfortunately, the USB-C cable is permanently attached. —Brenda Stolyar
This is our top 3-in-1 wireless charger if you want to utilize Apple’s StandBy Mode. Introduced with iOS 17, it turns your iPhone into a smart display. With Twelve South’s charger, you can place it in landscape mode to trigger the feature while also simultaneously charging two other devices on the base such as your Apple Watch or AirPods. —Brenda Stolyar
Belkin’s Stand Pro (8/10, WIRED Recommends) comes with DockKit integration, which means it can use the iPhone’s camera to track your face while the 360-degree base automatically moves around to keep you in frame. It’s great for those who FaceTime a lot and find themselves searching for objects to prop the phone on. It’s also an excellent accessory for content creators who want to record hands-free video on the go. With a built-in battery, you don’t need to worry about being near a power source either. But with support for MagSafe, you can also use it as a charger. —Brenda Stolyar
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
The best air fryers help you cook quickly and potentially with less fat or oil. These compact convection ovens heat up fast to make crispy chicken, fries, and donuts. This Cosori model is our favorite smart air fryer because you can remotely control it using a smartphone or tablet (it also has a digital control panel). We like the slick, black, classy design. The cooking drawer has a smooth action, and the handle stays cool, though the sides can get hot, so it needs plenty of space. Temperature options range from 175 degrees Fahrenheit to a powerful 400, with 12 handy preset cooking modes. —Simon Hill
The Typhur dome air fryer cooks with blazing speed and has a modern round shape that I enjoyed in my testing. It’s easy to clean and has intuitive controls. —Martin Cizmar
I love Cync's smart light bulbs, but the lights I use most by Cync are now the Undercabinet Pick Lights. They're easy to install under your cabinets, and easy to control over the app or a smart speaker. These undercabinet lights can do a variety of shades of whites, colors, and even fun effects that Cync calls Light Shows (my favorite is the candle option for moody fall lighting). They're usually $85, so getting three pucks to put under your kitchen cabinets is a nice discount. I used four pucks for four cabinets, two on either side of my cabinets around my oven, so I recommend at least two packs if you have cabinets split up by an oven. —Nena Farrell
The Nutribullet Ultra is one of the best blenders we’ve tested. It’s stylish and has simple controls, and the 1,200-watt motor is powerful enough to handle all your smoothies, dips, and sauces. The 30-second blend is usually enough to get through your ingredients, but you might have to run a second cycle if you want the smoothest consistencies. The five-year warranty and suction cup feet are icing on the cake. Er, smoothie. We’ve seen this blender drop to $90 before, but anything below $110 is a good deal. —Louryn Strampe
If you don't want to spring for the Thermapen above, the ThermoPop is a great budget option. It's not as fast, but it's still fast and the large, back-lit, auto-rotating screen is easy to read. It's waterproof, and accurate to plus or minus one degree. —Scott Gilbertson
Instant-read thermometers are a kitchen essential. Can you prod your steak with a finger and accurately temp it? I think not. The Thermapen One will tell you the exact internal temperature in one second; no need for elaborate guesswork. Cheap instant-read thermometers litter Amazon, but we like the more expensive Thermapen One for its reliability and speed. The speed is important because the longer that oven door is open, the more unevenly you end up cooking. At this price, why not get the best? —Scott Gilbertson
For those who want an air fryer but don’t want to devote the hefty counter space to a full-sized device, the WIRED Gear team’s favorite compact model is this nifty little Ninja, which is clocking in at a hefty discount. The cooker is still quite versatile for a wee thing, with settings that include max crisp, air fry, air roast, air broil, bake, reheat, and dehydrate. Our tester even managed to successfully bake a little chocolate cake. —Matthew Korfhage
If you’ve been meaning to cut down on single-use plastics, now’s your chance. We love Stasher’s silicone bags, which are reusable and versatile, whether you’re meal prepping, storing leftovers, or cooking sous vide (7/10, WIRED Recommends). They’re dishwasher and microwave-safe, leakproof, and designed to last through thousands of uses. At $9, it’s a small price to pay for a sustainable swap you’ll use daily. —Boutayna Chokrane
This excellent blender is durable and powerful. It’s got a generous 8-cup capacity and 10 blend settings. It gets pretty loud on the fastest setting, but our tester’s hummus was smooth in 30 seconds. The Braun has a touchscreen with several preset modes for things like smoothies, soups, spreads, frozen desserts, and more. The jar is made of Tritan, a type of impact-resistant plastic, rather than glass, but if that doesn’t bother you, this is a good deal on a reliable model. —Louryn Strampe
We’ve tested a lot of food processors, and this model from KitchenAid is the very best we’ve tried. It comes in four colors and has a solid 9-cup capacity which has enough room to make servings for a family of four. The blades and discs can be stored in the bowl and the base has storage for the cord. You’ll get a multipurpose blade, a dough blade, a slicing disc, a julienne disc, and a whisk accessory. This deal matches the best price we’ve tracked. —Louryn Strampe
The Enso is the WIRED Gear team’s favorite overall soda maker: durable, simple, sturdy, easy to use, and so intuitive you can make soda with one hand while skimming the news with your phone. If you use the HOLIDAY40 code on SodaStream’s website, it’s 40 percent off. —Matthew Korfhage
This egg cooker fluctuates in price all the time, but this is one of the lowest prices we’ve seen it. It’s featured in our “Buy It for Life” guide. WIRED reviewer Julian Chokkattu says his wife loves this little countertop appliance, which can cook eggs in a myriad of different ways. Poach, soft-boil, hard-boil, or even whip up an omelet. It’ll chime to let you know when breakfast is served. It’s available in several cute colors like aqua, powder blue, and red. —Louryn Strampe
How is a coffee warmer smart? Hint: It’s not because it uploads your habits to a cloud server. It’s smart because it turns itself on when you put a flat-bottomed coffee mug on top of it, and keeps your coffee warm at about 130 degrees. And it turns itself off when you remove the mug. So your coffee stays warm, and you don’t have to think about it. It makes for a great gift to anyone who likes, you know, warm beverages. —Matthew Korfhage
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
There has never been a better time to buy a robot vacuum. Even as the technology advances by leaps and bounds, many older models remain perfectly capable—and sometimes more than grand cheaper. The Q5 Pro+ has now been supplanted by Roborock’s Qrevo line, but this was our top pick for over a year and Roborock vacuums age well. I have a 6-year-old Roborock on the upper story of my house that is still going strong. —Adrienne So
Dyson's V12 Detect Slim (8/10, WIRED Recommends) is our favorite Dyson vacuum if you have a small space, like a studio apartment or one-bedroom. It’s compact and lightweight, weighing only five pounds and just four feet long, and it’s perfect for both stashing in a small space and for vacuuming just a room or two since it has a run time of up to 60 minutes. It also comes with a variety of attachments. All and all, it’s pretty powerful for such a compact size. —Nena Farrell
The Gen5Detect is one of the latest vacuums in Dyson’s lineup. The company swapped the trigger for a single power button and the Laser Slim Fluffy cleaner head now shoots out a laser that’s twice as bright. It packs the fastest motor yet, too, spinning at 135,000 revolutions per minute (RPM) with a suction power of 265 air watts (AW). Dyson added a HEPA filter as well, which Dyson says traps 99.99 percent of particles down to 0.1 microns. —Brenda Stolyar
This is our favorite budget vacuum in our guide to Best Dyson Vacuums. A couple of years ago, the company updated the Motorbar Cleaner with its hair-detangling technology and hair screw tool. It has improved filtration too, with the ability to trap 99.99 percent of fine dust. This vacuum also converts into a hand vac, so you don’t have to buy a separate one. The battery should also last up to 40 minutes and takes about 5.5 hours to fully charge. If you're purchasing the vacuum from Kohl's, it's worth noting the sale ends at midnight. —Brenda Stolyar
This is our top pick in our guide to Best Dyson Vacuums. It’s lightweight (at under 7 pounds), so it’s super easy to maneuver. My favorite feature is the green laser that shoots out of the front of the motorized head to help illuminate microscopic dust particles. There’s also a sensor built into the vacuum that counts the number and size of dust particles it’s sucking up. You can see the data on the LCD in real time. As for battery life, you’ll get a 60-minute run time while the battery itself takes up to 4.5 hours to charge. It’s pricey, but the features and performance are worth it. —Brenda Stolyar
If you’re not interested in one of Dyson’s standard vacuums, you can opt for a robot vacuum instead. With a spin speed of 110,000 RPM, this one is super powerful. It also has a digital display and a filter that’s easy to remove and clean. According to Dyson, it also has six times more suction than the competition. It also comes equipped with a “triple-action” brush bar, which includes soft nylon for large debris on hard floors, antistatic carbon-fiber filaments for fine dust, and stiff nylon bristles for carpet. —Brenda Stolyar
Top of our best carpet cleaners guide, this vacuum did an excellent job removing cat hair and lingering odors. It’s easy to use, comes with two removable tanks, and has a special spray jet to target stains. Fill the top tank to the marked lines with warm water and detergent, pull a trigger on the handle to wet wash, and then run over the area slowly and watch the bottom tank fill with dirty water. You can choose from three modes (Max, Deep, and Express), and it comes with multiple attachments, including one for upholstery and another for stairs. —Simon Hill
Shark’s AI Ultra 2-in-1 mopping vacuum earned a “Most Improved Award” from me in 2022; the company recently replaced it with the Matrix. Shark’s products can be hit or miss, but happily I liked the Matrix very much. It has multifunctional vacuuming and mopping and is pretty reliable. It doesn’t need replacement dust bags—which is both a blessing and a curse, as the self-emptying dustbin sometimes doesn’t empty quite all the way. —Adrienne So
The PetSafe ScoopFree SmartSpin Self-Cleaning Litter Box is around half the price of other popular (and expensive) automatic litter box models, and has a similar design. This futuristic-looking pod on legs has a weight detector that sets off the cleaning cycle a few minutes after your cat has gone to the bathroom, and has a slide-out tray in the bottom. It’s also connected to an app so that you review your cat’s toilet visits, where each entry displays the time they went, their weight, and trip duration. This box works surprisingly well and is a cheap alternative if you really hate taking out the litter but don’t want to shell out the big bucks. —Molly Higgins
Like all of the Petlibro products I tested for my Automatic Pet Feeder guide, the One RFID Smart Feeder is a super-techy and sleek cat product. For this feeder, the pet wears a collar with a tag in which the feeder’s lid opens and retracts over the kibble when the cat approaches or leaves, ensuring that only the chosen pet with the collar can access the food. In my review, I called this “a nearly perfect device for a particular kind of pet owner.” I think this feeder would work best for a cat in a dog home, if one particular cat has special dietary needs, or if you have a multi-cat home with an aggressive eater. At only a little over 100 bucks, this would be a good time to snag and see if this product would work well for your pet. —Molly Higgins
Petlibro’s Polar Wet Food Feeder is a smart little invention and first of its kind in the Automatic Pet Feeder realm—it’s basically a minifridge that operates via the app to deliver wet food that can be safely stored for up to 3 days. You can customize feeding schedules via the app and the Polar even shuts off cooling 30 minutes before feeding to make sure the food is not too cold if your cat is as picky as mine. I already have one at home, but at a great value for less than a hundred bucks right now ($80), I’m ordering a second one for my other cat. Gone are the days of them screeching for a can of wet food at 5 am. —Molly Higgins
The best smart Christmas lights you can buy are on sale. Perfect timing if you need to upgrade. Easy to set up, with a black or green cord that blends nicely into the tree, Twinly’s lights support all kinds of colors and animated effects via the app, and you can also make custom effects. You can design based on an existing pattern, draw with your fingers, or even upload a GIF. Draped on a tree, the lights are best with gradient and stripe-style patterns, like the candy cane stripe effect. —Simon Hill
One of the cheapest and best Govee smart lights you can buy is this affordable light strip that comes in several lengths. It is designed to be hidden behind furniture, so you just see the reflected light. We are highlighting the longest 100-foot option here, but all are segmented to display multiple colors, can be controlled wirelessly from the app or using voice controls, and support Govee’s enormous variety of lighting effects. These light strips also appear in our best smart lighting guide. —Simon Hill
Nanoleaf makes fantastic wall light panels that double as light and home decor. The brand is famous for the hexagon sets, but Nanoleaf has expanded into other shapes, including triangles and light strips and even ceiling panels, in the past several years. This seven-pack of Nanoleaf Shapes Triangles is a fun size to use around the TV, in your office, or on any wall that could use a little fun added to it. It's a solid sale price, too, making it a good time to buy. —Nena Farrell
If you’re looking for a great sunrise alarm clock for the price, you can’t do better than the Philips SmartSleep Wake-Up Light, especially now that it’s on sale. It’s a great little lamp that gets plenty bright to help you rise, and is easy to use and set up, too. It doesn’t have any nighttime routine options, but if you aren’t worried about those, this is a great purchase. —Nena Farrell
If you're interested in light panels for your walls but want ones that will look just as nice when they're off as when they're turned on, Nanoleaf's Elements are a great choice. They’re our pick in the Best Nanoleaf Smart Lights for infrequent use since they have a wood finish, so you'll gain a more natural style statement when they’re turned off. These lights only glow in shades of white, so you’ll lose out on the rainbow aspect. Still, it's a nice trade-off, and you can get these on sale for almost $100 off right now. —Nena Farrell
I'm not surprised this frame is on sale—Skylight just launched a new version earlier this fall, and it's fantastic, allowing you to switch out the frame style at will. This original model is still a solid digital photo frame, and it’s the best sale price you’ll find right now on digital photo frames. —Nena Farrell
OK, we know you know about Ember’s temperature-controlled mugs, but Ohom’s is a whole different—and much simpler—beast. It’s not overengineered; you don’t have to connect it to your phone, check an app, and get constant phone pings. Instead, it looks and feels exactly like your favorite ceramic mug and the set keeps your coffee at the temperature you want to drink. That’s it! The heating pad also works as a charging pad! Just don’t put the mug in the microwave (which you shouldn’t anyway, because that makes coffee taste gross) and you’re good to go. —Adrienne So
I’ve had this boxy model in my kitchen for over two years now to mitigate some of the combustion particulates from my gas stove, and this is one of the best sales for it I’ve seen. I especially appreciate that its HEPA replacement filters are both easy to find and inexpensive (Amazon has them for $26 for two). WIRED contributor Lisa Wood Shapiro also notes in our guide to the Best Air Purifiers that it has an excellent air exchange rate for small rooms, cleaning the air in 361 square feet at the recommended rate of 4.8 times per hour. —Kat Merck
The Airmega 250 from clean air leader Coway provides the industrial vibe your home or loft needs. The warm gray box looks like a high-end speaker. And the Airmega 250 can do four air exchanges an hour when fitted for a 465-square-foot room. Utilizing a HEPA filter, this CARB-certified air purifier also has a washable prefilter along with an activated carbon filter to capture odors and VOCs. It has a built-in air quality sensor with indicator light and an easy-to-use control panel. It’s not app-compatible but does have a three-year warranty and runs at a relatively quiet 22 decibels. —Lisa Wood Shapir
It takes a special screwdriver to deal with the soft, tiny, often infuriating screws that manufacturers love to use on anything from laptops to eyeglasses to remote controls–and these tiny screws often gatekeep simple repairs. Our Gear team’s testers haven’t been too impressed with multi-tools for screwdrivers this small. Get a good, tiny set like this Wiha 7-in-1 instead. —Matthew Korfhage
The “super plush” name is true to the core. This super-soft robe is what I grab after every shower—my towel just has hair duty these days. It's a cozy robe that can dry you off while you're doing your hair, and it dries nicely for my next shower. If I were shopping for a new one, I'd jump for one of the cute striped options. Brooklinen often runs sales, but 25 percent off this robe is better than you'll usually find. —Nena Farrell
This Arlo model has everything you need in an indoor security camera, including crisp 2K video at 24 frames per second, two-way audio, and a compact design that includes a privacy shutter. You can expect a quick loading feed in the Arlo app, useful smart notifications, and two-factor authentication, so you can log in with your fingerprint or face if your phone allows. Sadly, you need a pricey subscription (Arlo Secure costs $8 per month for one camera or $13 per month for unlimited cameras) for subject recognition, smart alerts, and cloud storage. This is the upgrade pick in our best indoor security cameras guide. —Simon Hill
While it’s not our top pick, Google’s Nest Cam does make our list of the best outdoor security cameras and is a solid choice if you have a Nest Doorbell or other Google gadgets. The HD resolution is limited, but that’s offset by the HDR and high frame rate, and the face recognition is the best we have tested in a security camera. The Nest Aware subscription at $8 a month ($80/year) is too much if you only have a single camera, but that price covers multiple devices. —Simon Hill
I love my Reolink doorbell, which does everything I need it to without the hassles of a glitchy app that needs to be updated every two weeks or any monthly fee. Don’t take my word for it, though: When my curling club needed a security system, another club member, who installs security cameras professionally, suggested we skip pricier options and just do a Reolink system. We’ve got an Reolink Altas PT Ultra (on sale for $160, which is $70 off) running inside over the bar and a solar-powered REOLINK Argus 4 Pro (on sale for $140 which is $80 off) running in the parking lot, which has drawn rave reviews based on the low cost (curling is a Scottish sport and thriftiness is part of the culture) and the fact that the whole leadership structure can access the footage from their phones via the Home Hub ($99). —Martin Cizmar
These affordable Govee Wi-Fi Water Sensors are quick and easy to install, and send alerts as push notifications and emails to warn you when there’s a leak. With a very loud siren (100 decibels) you will hear them if you are home, and you can shut off the sound from the app. The sensors are compact with drip detection on top and metal feet for leak detection beneath. Alerts triggered within a few seconds in my tests, earning them a place in our best water leak detectors guide. The app is basic but works well and gives you an alert history. They do require a Govee Wi-Fi hub (included), which needs a power outlet, and it’s big enough that it may block an adjacent outlet. Each sensor also needs two AA batteries (provided). —Simon Hill
Mattresses are frequently advertised with inflated discounts, and this mattress from Nectar was only $100 more than this earlier in November. However, it’s still a big discount on an all-foam mattress that’s solidly on the soft side despite being advertised as “medium firm.” —Martin Cizmar
The original millennial bed-in-a-box has been sold a few times in recent years and recently went through a full-line redesign. I was impressed with the new Casper baseline mattress during my week of testing, as it retains a classic memory foam feel but is more firm and supportive than many competitors. We originally linked the queen version but it's not available, other sizes are. —Martin Cizmar
Brooklinen's Cyber Monday sale ends on Tuesday night, with 25 percent off the entire site and up to 50 percent off bundles. There are a ton of great sheets worth shopping there, from the linen to the sateen, but Brooklinen's percale is my favorite of their sheet options. It's a nice crisp sheet and has an organic option (on sale for $172) that's a touch softer than the regular version. Both the organic and the classic percale sets are on sale right now for 25 percent off. —Nena Farrell
Cozy Earth's Bamboo Sheet Set has been on the top of our Best Sheets guide ever since we started testing sheets, and it’s a star of our new Best Bamboo Sheets guide, too. These sheets, made with bamboo viscose, feel insanely soft and downright chilly to the touch before warming up like melted butter around you as you sleep. It's a downright decadent sheet set that's usually a splurge, which is why Cozy Earth's sale is the perfect time to shop. —Nena Farrell
I've tried a lot of wearable breast pumps. They're supremely handy to use, but the Medela Freestyle (7/10, WIRED Recommends) will always be a favorite of mine because it was the most lightweight and had the least amount of parts to clean. And if you pump often, or even just once a day, having less cleaning to do feels like a lifesaver. The motor is in the handheld controller that you can pop in your pocket rather than weighing down your bra. It's comfortable, handy, and on sale for a great price compared to what you'll usually find it for. —Nena Farrell
This handy little drill is a home tool kit essential. It’s got enough power to handle tasks that need extra torque, and the half-inch chuck will accept basically every drill bit size. This kit includes two batteries and a charger, and the batteries are also compatible with other DeWalt tools. This deal comes within $10 of the best we’ve seen. If you need bits, we recommend this kit, which is also on sale. —Louryn Strampe
This inexpensive kit is full of our favorite drill bits. The black oxide coating both reduces friction and resists rust, and the drill bits can handle wood, metal, plastics, wallboard, and fiberglass. These go on sale frequently, but this is still a good get, especially if you’re picking up the discounted DeWalt drill that we also recommend. —Louryn Strampe
Luxome's bamboo sheets are the best bamboo sheets you can buy, with fantastic quality made from bamboo viscose (which is better than bamboo rayon!), tons of gorgeous colors from which to choose, a fantastically silky-soft feel, and a good price point. Luxome is hosting its only sale of the year right now, so you can get these amazing sheets for even cheaper than usual. The white color has an extra $5 discount if you don’t mind missing out on the gorgeous ocean and terracotta colors. —Nena Farrell
Casper's Hybrid Snow Pillow is our favorite pillow, period. It might not seem like it at first touch, but this pillow is super supportive for your head with its foam core and soft memory fiber surrounding it. Former WIRED reviewer Eric Ravenscraft found it to be his go-to pillow after testing tons of pillows for our guide. He says it's cooling, too, which is a nice bonus. He recommends catching it on sale, making now the ideal time to shop to get a little discount. —Nena Farrell
This highly rated and reviewed body pillow on Amazon is my personal cheap pick for the Best Body Pillows for its relatively large size and comfiness. The plush fiber filling is soft enough that it can be contorted into many shapes and isn’t overstuffed, making it super easy to wrap your arms and legs around. The pillow refills back to shape without the filling getting bunched in one area or just going flat after a few weeks like some cheaper body pillows. I liked this super-soft pillow, and it’s a really great deal at a fraction of the price of other body pillows with comparable comfort. —Molly Higgins
This large wall map is gorgeous. The world is shiny gold until countries and states are scratched off with a coin. It’s a great way to track your adventures, whether close to home or international. The colored areas of the map have nice details like major cities and topography, and while they’re appealing to look at, they’re also neutral enough that they’ll fit in with any decor. Check out our guide for more great gifts for travelers. —Louryn Strampe
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
Branch’s Ergonomic Chair is my first recommendation for anyone who just wants to upgrade their crappy old seat without spending a fortune. It’s not perfect, but it’s quite adjustable, works for people of varying heights, and the high-density foam seat is cushy. You can lock the recline and adjust the lumbar support, and it helps that it’s also a very stylish office chair compared to its plain black competitors. For more discounts at Branch, read our separate story here. —Julian Chokkattu
If your office chair budget is a little higher, then consider the Branch Verve. The main thing to note is that the arms are fixed—they can go up and down but not side to side. That’s my only real gripe with this chair; everything else is a nice upgrade over the Branch Ergonomic Chair, from build quality to back support. It also looks even more elegant, and there’s a headrest add-on if you want to shut your eyes and nap for a bit in between Zoom meetings. —Julian Chokkattu
This chair is best suited for people under 5’9,” as it gave me back pain after several days in it (I’m 6’4”). After I asked a friend around 5’4” to try it, they liked it a lot and had no major qualms. It has a mesh back and a thick foam seat. Too bad it looks very, very dull. But maybe you want something nondescript! —Julian Chokkattu
When it comes to writing, there’s nothing quite like the smooth 0.7 mm glide of the Paper Mate InkJoy Gel Pens. With 14 bold colors to choose from, this set is a rainbow of possibilities; whether you’re color-coding, writing in a planner, or doodling, their versatility and flair have earned them a permanent spot in our writing toolkit. —Boutayna Chokrane
We love paper planners around here, and our favorite weekly planner is the Happy Planner. Former WIRED reviewer Medea Giordano found herself purchasing it year after year, and I can see why. It's got plenty of space for writing down plans and to-do lists, lots of fun covers, and a great price point. Score a planner for the new year (or a gift for your favorite planner person!) with Happy Planner's 30 percent off sale. —Nena Farrell
It’s never too late to get organized and Class Tracker makes the best paper planners for students. There are monthly calendars, but the weekly pages shine. Each day sports a section for things to remember, tests, papers, or projects due, and larger spots for assignments and a daily plan. A Self-Care Corner gives you space for non-school things to focus on and a countdown box for something you're looking forward to. If you or the student in your life is struggling to get organized, this planner could help. —Simon Hill
The Ryzen 9 7950X is one of AMD’s most powerful CPUs, and is on a steep discount. Anyone building a new PC or looking to upgrade theirs for raw computing power will want to check out this 16-core, 32-thread monster. The already ultra-fast 4.5GHz base clock can be pushed even higher with overclocking, making this an excellent choice for demanding workloads like video editing or 3D rendering. It’s also the perfect counterpart to a high-end GPU for the best possible experience in any video game. —Brad Bourque
Logitech has a long history of great keyboards, and the MX Mechanical Mini is no exception. This wireless keyboard packs backlit keys, wired or wireless connectivity, and low-profile mechanical switches in your choice of tactile quiet, clicky, or linear. If you’ve got tons of devices, you should know the MX Mini also has wide support for operating systems and devices, including iOS. That makes this one of our favorite upgraded keyboards for tablet power users who want to unfold for a bit into a proper workstation. —Brad Bourque
We recommended this Wi-Fi 6E system in our best mesh routers guide until it was replaced by the newer XE70 Pro, but this is still a good choice, especially with the discount. It is a tri-band (2.4 GHz, 5 GHz, and 6 GHz) mesh with impressive range and stability. Each of the three routers has three Gigabit ports. By default, the 6-GHz band is reserved for wireless backhaul, but you can open it up for devices. If you have a connection of 1 Gbps or less, this mesh will serve you well. While enhanced security and parental controls require subscriptions, most folks can live without them. —Simon Hill
Few USB webcams can match the Logitech C920 Pro’s quality, and at $50—half its usual price—it’s a bargain. With crisp 1080p and autofocus, it works great for video calls and streaming. Its white color balance is similar to the Razer webcam, and while the 78-degree field of view can be a bit tight, it just requires manual adjustments. It’s also missing a privacy shutter, but for a high-performing webcam, this is an unbeatable price. —Boutayna Chokrane
The best Wi-Fi 6E router in our best routers guide, this hexagonal Asus router impressed in my tests. It’s a tri-band router, adding the 6-GHz band to the familiar 2.4-GHz and 5-GHz. The new band is very fast, though it is relatively low range and doesn’t penetrate through walls very well. There’s ample connectivity with a 2.5-Gbps WAN/LAN port, a second 1-Gbps WAN/LAN, and a further three gigabit LANs. Asus also offers free security and parental controls and all the settings you need in the mobile app and browser interface, including band-splitting, prioritization for different activities, guest network, VPN support, and so on. —Simon Hill
This affordable security camera is our pick of the best indoor security cameras because it offers clear 2K footage, with a starlight sensor that enables color night vision. Smart detection (people, pets, and vehicles) is handy, and the slightly laggy two-way audio is fine. Pop in a microSD card (up to 512 GB) for local recording, or opt for a Tapo Care subscription for 30 days of cloud storage that starts at $3.50 per month. It also has an IP66 rating so it can be used outdoors. —Simon Hill
This cute little indoor security camera is a cheaper version of our favorite model. It loses some features, like pet and vehicle detection, but TP-Link has reliable motion detection and customizable notifications. It's often on sale for around $20, but you can get it for extra cheap right now. —Nena Farrell
Gamers don’t need a special gaming router, but if you love customizable RGB lighting, this mesh will tempt you. It’s not just fancy lighting that makes it worth a look, because this tri-band Asus ROG Rapture GT6 finished high up the table in most tests. With a single 2.4-GHz band and two 5-GHz bands (one is used for backhaul unless you connect the routers with an Ethernet cable), it can keep all your gaming gear online. The 5-GHz band supports wider 160-MHz channels and WPA3 for security. You also get AiProtection security software and comprehensive parental controls included without a subscription. The game modes boost performance and prioritize gaming traffic, and each router has a 2.5 Gbps WAN port, three 1 gigabit LAN ports, and a USB 3.2 Gen 1 port. —Simon Hill
If you’re working in a hot environment, I highly suggest you get an all-mesh seat. These kinds of office chairs maximize airflow, allowing body heat to dissipate instead of trapping it. The Ergo3D has all the main points of adjustment you’d want and it’s a roomy chair. You even get two kinds of wheels in the box (casters or rollerblades) and you can insert whichever works best for your flooring. It’s not my favorite all-mesh chair, but it’s one of the few decent ones you’ll find south of $500. —Julian Chokkattu
The SM57 is the most-used instrument mic in the history of recorded audio, by a large factor. It sounds great on guitar amps and beyond, and can be used to record essentially anything you need in a pinch. I’d stick to the extremely similar SM58 if you need a vocal mic, but if you need to record anything else, an SM57 is a must-have. —Parker Hall
If you asked a child to draw a picture of a microphone, you’d get an image of the Shure SM58. This standard of stage and studio is so rugged you can use it as a hammer and it will still sound great after, though I don’t recommend you dent that iconic grille too soon. The dynamic microphone works great with any audio interface, and has a sound that you’ll be very familiar with if you’ve ever seen anyone sing live. —Parker Hall
Shure’s SM7B microphone has been a studio staple for decades. While it’s gotten subtle improvements over the years, including an upgraded voice coil and a larger windscreen, it’s changed very little in its long tenure–you don’t mess with perfection. You’ll see this mic in multiple movies and TV shows (once you know it you can’t unsee it), as well as in real studios worldwide. It’s a killer option for podcasting and talk radio and works great as a vocal mic too. It’s designed to bring the best of your vocals to light, with little coloration so you just get the gritty goodness your unique voice provides. This is among the few standards I recommend first for any singer or creator, along with other favorites like the Electrovoice RE20, the do-it-all AKG C414, and the classic Shure SM58. —Ryan Waniata
Every system needs a hard drive, and WD has been providing them for as long as I can remember. It’s nothing groundbreaking, but taking some dollars off this 1-TB internal drive might make it a more appealing second drive, or the main SSD in a budget-friendly system. With read speeds up to 560 MBps, you might not want to spend a ton of time transferring files on and off this drive, but it’s more than adequate enough for gaming and daily use, and priced well to boot. —Brad Bourque
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
The Asus Chromebook Plus CX34 (7/10, WIRED Recommends) is the best-looking Chromebook you can buy. The beautiful white design stands out in a sea of gray slabs. The Core i5 CPU offers plenty of performance to easily handle multiple tabs and app juggling. The webcam is nice too, much crisper than you’d expect for a $500 laptop. The downside is there's no backlit keyboard. —Scott Gilbertson
The 13-inch Surface Laptop (7th Edition) (7/10, WIRED Recommends) is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon X Elite processor. Performance was good in our testing. It did not bog down no matter how many windows, tabs, and apps we threw at it. That said, this is not a machine for graphics-intensive tasks, like video editing or gaming (which is a shame because the vivid sharp screen with a 120-Hz screen refresh rate would be great for gaming). —Scott Gilbertson
Dell's two larger XPS laptops (7/10, WIRED Recommends) are aimed at Windows users with MacBook jealousy. The design, specs, and sizes align perfectly with Apple's offerings. The XPS 14 has a gorgeous, sleek design (though it's thicker than a MacBook), a wonderfully bright and sharp OLED screen (with 120-Hz screen refresh rates), and is plenty speedy for everyday tasks. Unfortunately, heavy-duty tasks like video editing … well, the MacBook's benchmarks run circles around the XPS 14. Still, with this deal, this is a serious piece of hardware for not a lot of money. —Scott Gilbertson
There's much to love about Samsung's Galaxy Book4 (7/10, WIRED Review), but let's be honest, that sticker price is insane. This deal brings it down somewhat, though it's still pricey. You do get impressive hardware—the new Intel Core Ultra 9 185H processor and current top-of-the-line processor in Intel’s Core Ultra CPU lineup, along with an Nvidia GeForce RTX 4070 graphics card. The 16-inch AMOLED 2,880 x 1,800 pixels touchscreen is magnificent to work on and performance blew everything else we've tested out of the water. —Scott Gilbertson
Who says you always have to buy the latest and greatest? If you get a tablet from Samsung’s 2023 Tab S9 series, you can save some serious cash and get an equally great experience (7/10, WIRED Recommends). The Tab S9 is the smallest, and next comes the Tab S9+, both of which have AMOLED screens and are IP68-rated for water resistance. The Tab S9 Ultra is down to $800 ($400 off), and it’s massive and designed to be a travel-friendly computer when you don’t want to lug a laptop around. Also, check out the Galaxy Tab S9 FE and Galaxy Tab FE+. If you just want a tablet to watch some shows, read, and play some games, these affordable slates are better than their predecessors, with smoother performance, and you still get a stylus in the box. They’re nearly identical—the FE+ just has more RAM and a bigger screen. —Julian Chokkattu
The Galaxy Tab S10 series is the iPad Pro-equivalent of the Android world. The Tab S10+ has a reasonable 12.4-inch screen size, but the Tab S10 Ultra sports a massive 14.6-inch screen that is unwieldy to hold—you’ll want to pair it with a kickstand case. The Ultra is on sale for $1,000 ($200 off), but the Tab S10+ is much better value overall. You get the S Pen included for doodling and note-taking, the AMOLED screen is stunning, and it will receive 7 years of software updates. My primary issue is the price, and it’s still expensive at $850, but if you want the best tablet Android has to offer, this is it. —Julian Chokkattu
You might think that giving your grandparents an older tablet might be fine, but things can get complicated fast if they’re not familiar with the software. Enter the GrandPad (8/10, WIRED Recommends). The company has been around for a decade and offers a custom tablet experience designed for seniors. That means larger touch targets, an easy-to-follow user interface, and LTE connectivity out of the box. There’s also 24/7 customer care and emergency 911 calling in case something happens. They won’t ever need to plug it in—just have them place it on the wireless charging dock and it’ll always be at the ready. The downside is this all involves a pricey subscription plan. If you buy directly from GrandPad, you get $100 off the annual subscription, but if you buy directly from Amazon, you get $100 off the tablet itself. You can’t use the tablet without a subscription. —Julian Chokkattu
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
Bose’s Smart Soundbar (8/10, WIRED Recommends) is my favorite mini bar, even if it’s on the pricier side for a small bar that doesn’t come with a dedicated subwoofer. That means you’re sacrificing some punch down low, but in its place you’re getting fantastic immersion thanks to true upfiring drivers (something the Sonos Beam doesn’t have), Wi-Fi streaming and networking, and some innovative audio features. Those include a new AI dialog mode that brings forth voices and center-channel information with remarkable clarity. You can also now use the brand’s Open Earbuds as clip-on personal surround speakers. The Bose app is simple and intuitive, and lets you easily add other speakers like a Bose Bass module down the line. —Ryan Waniata
Every TV deserves better sound, and this cheap soundbar and wireless subwoofer from Yamaha is a great way to get it. It’s super easy to set up with a simple HDMI eARC connection, and it brings a shocking amount of depth to content you probably watched through tinny TV speakers. Its little brother, the SR-C20A, has been our best soundbar for most of the year, and this brings more bass at a now-discounted price. —Parker Hall
Sonos’ indomitable Arc (9/10, WIRED Recommends) has new competition from within courtesy of the Arc Ultra, which offers subtle but impactful sonic improvements and the ability to connect over 5GHz Wi-Fi. At $1,000, though, it’s not the best fit for all budgets. The regular Arc is still a winner, providing full and warm sound, excellent detail for dialog and music, and impressive immersion for surround sound and Dolby Atmos soundtracks via side- and up-firing drivers. Like other Sonos gear, you can add surround speakers or the new Sub 4 subwoofer, or connect with other speakers for all the multi-room audio tricks upon which Sonos made its name. You’ll also get built-in microphones for smart home control. Though Sonos’ app has had its struggles lately, it seems to be on more solid ground. If you’ve been waiting on a potent standalone bar with room for larger aspirations, this Arc deal is worth grabbing. —Ryan Waniata
Klipsch’s Flexus Core 200 (8/10, WIRED Recommends) sounds bigger and brawnier than you’d expect for the money, pushing toward bars that cost twice as much. Its MDF construction (in place of plastic) offers deep and musical resonance, and its upfiring drives expand the sound to accentuate Dolby Atmos films and TV shows to cinematic heights (literally). Dialog is also clear and present thanks to a dedicated center channel. The trade-off is that there’s no Wi-Fi support as you’d expect for this price, but the bar is not without its innovative extras. As the name implies, the system provides flexible expansion with available surround speakers and a thumpy subwoofer. This bar is one of the best soundbars around for those who put sound quality first at full price, and a true bargain on sale. —Ryan Waniata
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
It’s hard to think of a more stalwart consumer electronics product over the last decade than Sony’s WH-1000XM4 (9/10, WIRED Recommends). Even four years after their debut, they serve as a benchmark for new contenders and premium offerings from top players alike. Their noise canceling isn’t top tier, but it’s still very good, and a raft of features—from a multi-band EQ to a touch control that turns on transparency mode temporarily for announcements or quick conversations—makes them feel advanced even as they gracefully age. Their sound is warm and bassy, yet refreshingly refined, and their durable plastic shells harbor plush padding for hours of comfort. You can outdo these noise cancelers with the latest Bose QuietComfort Ultra or Sony’s step-up WH-1000XM5, but there’s no question as to why Sony’s kept them around for multiple generations. —Ryan Waniata
Technics isn’t the first name you think of for wireless earbuds, but the EAH-AZ80 (9/10, WIRED Recommends) are among the best earbuds out there for their mix of a snug and comfy fit, great features, solid noise canceling, and sterling sound. The flashy gleam of their endcaps seems to tease their sound signature, which is slick, clear, and deeply textural to bring instruments to life. The AZ80’s noise canceling doesn’t catch Bose or even Sony’s top buds, but it’s good enough, and multipoint pairing with three different devices at once makes these buds uniquely versatile. This is a great pair at a good price, making them worth grabbing for those who put fit and sound quality first. Only the silver come in at the lowest price, but other colors are also steeply discounted. —Ryan Waniata
Soundpeats has a knack for making affordable earbuds with exceptionally good sound. In fact, we recently gave their latest pair that uses a new kind of driver, the Soundcapsule 3+, a perfect 10/10. The Air4 Pro (7/10, WIRED Recommends) are not that pair, but they serve up clear and balanced sound along with solid noise canceling for a very low asking price. They don’t have the spoils you’ll get in flagships like the AirPods Pro (even if they look a lot like them), but for well below $100 they’re a worthy option that could make a great gift for the budding music lover in your life. —Ryan Waniata
Need a cheap pair of earbuds to not think too much about? Look no further than the Go Air Pop, which are utterly usable earbuds that cost less than $20. I like keeping a pair in my car or gym bag for when I forget to bring nicer buds with me and still want music. —Parker Hall
I didn’t set out to love the Bose Ultra Open Earbuds (7/10, WIRED recommends). Even on sale, they’re pricey for such a limited use case, but damn if they haven’t become my favorite open earbuds on the market. Their curlicue barrel design takes some getting used to, but they roll onto your ears with impressive tenacity, staying put without pinching tight. Once in place, the little sound beams from their snake-like acoustic housings offer the most well-rounded performance I’ve heard in the genre. Like other open-ear models, you won’t get noise canceling or isolation so the sound is always blended with the world around you, but it’s a fantastic trick for working out or staying aware in any number of situations. These aren’t the best earbuds for every scenario, but if you can spend up for a targeted pair of standby buds alongside your best noise-canceling buds, you may just fall for them too. —Ryan Waniata
Bose’s QuietComfort Ultra headphones (9/10, WIRED Recommends) are premium in style and performance, as you’d expect from the best noise-canceling headphones on the market. Their plush and ergonomic design makes them a joy to wear, while their penchant for noise-strangling makes them the ultimate choice for serious travelers or those who simply need unparalleled tranquility in their home or office. I also really enjoy the sound, which is less forward than Bose flagships past, while still providing excellent instrumental separation and deft balance. The battery provides a solid 30 hours per charge and the headphones add futuristic features like 3D audio virtualization with head-tracking to feel more like a pair of speakers. At well over $400, these are a serious splurge, but at this price they feel more like a steal. —Ryan Waniata
The Jabra Elite series have been our top pick in our guide to workout headphones for years. Unfortunately, the company recently decided to stop making them. Although the earbuds have an unusually long two-year warranty, some of my colleagues would counsel you not to pick them. However, these are still the most comfortable and secure workout headphones that I’ve tried. They have an unusual feature, which is that you can plug the case into a 3.5-mm headphone jack to listen to them on a plane. It’s neat! These are still great for travel! —Adrienne So
Jabra’s Elite 4 Active (9/10, WIRED Recommends) were almost shockingly good upon release a couple of years back, and they’re still an excellent buy today–especially on sale. As part of Jabra’s sporty overhaul, they blend serious durability with a comfy fit, smooth and balanced sound, and plenty of ways to personalize the experience in the Jabra app. They even provide a slab of noise canceling, though it’s more of an aid to their noise-isolating fit. They’re also dust and water-resistant, meaning you can dunk them or rinse them after a sweaty workout with no ill effects. Jabra has called it quits on consumer earbuds, but the stalwart brand pledges to support its current products through its warranty, so there’s no reason to hesitate. —Ryan Waniata
Sony’s WH-1000XM5 (9/10, WIRED Recommends) take nearly everything we loved about the previous model a step further, offering a mix of fabulous features and excellent noise canceling, comfort, and sound quality. These headphones have everything, from multipoint pairing and auto-pause sensors to brilliant touch commands and Amazon Alexa support. They’re perfect for travel, but just as handy for wearing around the house. They’re not quite as packable as the previous model, the XM4, but that’s really the only flaw in an otherwise near-perfect package. —Ryan Waniata
These bone-conduction headphones are the option you’re probably most likely to see in the wild. They use your jaw bones to route sound to your ears, which means you can hear everything around. This version is smaller than the newer second generation, which makes them better for folks with smaller heads (there is also a mini version on sale). —Parker Hall
Jabra may be getting out of the earbud game, but the Elite 5 are still excellent earbuds that should last for many years of solid use. They’re comfortable and durable (IP55 rated), and the hybrid noise cancellation makes them great on flights or calls. Sound quality is excellent, with bold bass and enough midrange that you can hear every detail of the guitar or piano. —Parker Hall
These are some of our favorite gifts for new parents, though anyone who experiences overstimulation might benefit from them. They’re designed for concerts to slightly reduce noise while still letting you hear. That makes them perfect for parents who need a little break from sleep training or the soundtrack of the Terrible Twos. You’ll still hear your kiddo, but you’ll be able to focus on their needs instead of that otherworldly screeching that can only be produced by a colicky newborn. —Louryn Strampe
Denon’s PerL earbuds (7/10, WIRED Reviewed) don’t fit or feel quite like traditional earbuds, but their sound is seriously impressive thanks to the most advanced personalization system I’ve tested in the genre. These buds tune to your hearing profile, which for me equated to richer, fuller, and more intimate sound across my catalog. The profile they create may take some time to lock in, but once you do, it’s an impressive ride. I wasn’t convinced with the overall execution at $200, but at half the price, this is a killer deal for serious listeners. —Ryan Waniata
The fully tweakable noise canceling inside these reflective workout earbuds makes them great for folks who like to be aware of their surroundings when outdoors but enjoy a bit of silence when inside. They have excellent sound quality and call quality and work as intended, allowing you to adjust how much of the outside world you want to hear at any given moment with easy-to-use touch controls. —Parker Hall
Kids are extremely susceptible to hearing loss, which is why WIRED staffers who are parents love headphones like these that limit output to the OSHA-recommended 85 decibels. The noise canceling is excellent and will help with louder noises on flights or from HVAC, and these also come in either pink or blue, so you can get whichever color your kiddo prefers. —Parker Hall
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
The WIRED Gear team battles over who gets to review each generation of this adorable Bluetooth speaker, because it’s just so handy. A tiny little rubber strap lets you attach it to everything from handlebars to backpacks. It sounds shockingly good for its size, too, and a rugged IP67 rating means you don’t need to worry if it takes a spill. —Parker Hall
Ultimate Ears makes some of our favorite speakers, and the Boom series is a standout. An update of the relatively ancient Boom 3, the Boom 4 (8/10, WIRED Recommends) brings long-awaited USB-C charging and modestly redesigned drivers. Its performance offers the same clear, smooth, and balanced presentation we’ve come to expect from the series. You’ll also get up to 15 hours of battery life, the ability to stereo pair with another Boom 4, and plenty of ways to adjust the sound in the app. This isn’t the bassiest speaker for its size, but its sound is more refined than cheaper knock-offs. Its primary drawback is its high price, which makes now the right time to strike. —Ryan Waniata
Marshall’s pivot to rock-inspired Bluetooth speakers has been very successful from a product standpoint. These robust speakers feature great design and even better sound, plus I like that they have a strap that makes them easy to carry with other items when you’re packing in to a campsite. Twenty hours of playtime and 20 watts of output means you’ll be jamming loud and for a while, and an IPX4 rating means this is fine in the rain. —Parker Hall
The best Bluetooth speakers offer a mix of durability, sound quality, and aesthetics, which is exactly how I’d describe this mid-tier model from Ultimate Ears. The folks who design these spend a lot of time testing their limits, from drop tests to bleach testing them in the desert sun, and that makes them great for folks who tend to be harder on consumer electronics. If you have a fisherman, hunter, or contractor in your life, UE is the brand for you. —Parker Hall
Round Bluetooth speakers like this one might seem hard to place, but the built-in leather strap that comes with the Beosound A1 makes it very easy to hang anywhere you might need to. It’s a very well-made speaker, with a sleek metal exterior that can survive a heck of a lot of abuse. The normal downside is the price, which is negated by this deal. —Parker Hall
JBL’s Authentics 200 (9/10, WIRED Recommends) speaks fluent Google and Alexa, letting you pick your smart home poison. That means it can act as a controller for multiple types of smart home products without the need for unifying smart protocols like Matter. The speaker’s stylish retro design provides further appeal, with a chunky foam grille reminiscent of JBL’s ’70s audiophile designs and real knobs for EQ and volume. Most important, the Authentics sounds fantastic, with warm and vibey mids, crisp treble, and wavy bass you can feel through the floor when it gets humming. Sonos models like the Era 100 and Era 300 are top of mind for most seeking an acoustically sound Wi-Fi speaker, but don’t sleep on the 200, especially at this new low price. —Ryan Waniata
Bose’s newest Soundlink speaker is also its most expensive, but this sale makes its potent sound and size a lot more approachable. In his review, WIRED contributor Siman Lucas called the Max’s sound “as big, bold, and…upfront as it looks,” touting its penchant for refined bass and uncommon care for the rest of the frequency spectrum. That’s a great mix for a bass-forward model. It also proffers extras like 20 hours of battery life, IP67 weatherproofing, and a slick, travel-friendly design, making it among the very best Bluetooth speakers of its kind. —Ryan Waniata
The only real downside to JBL’s best Bluetooth speakers is their high price. Grabbing them on a good sale is key, which makes this Clip 5 deal a top target. The perfect shower speaker does much more than just belt out your morning tunes. Its titular clip makes it easy to bring camping, attach it to your bike, or even clip it on your belt buckle as you clean up your yard or take the dog for a spin. The sound is full and surprisingly warm, with good detail and more bass than most pint-size rivals. Other features include 12 hours of battery (or 15 hours with the battery saver mode) and JBL’s handy app for adjusting the sound or connecting with other JBL models. —Ryan Waniata
I loved the new Pill (8/10, WIRED Recommends) at full price, and at $100 or less it’s arguably the best value for a bass-thumping portable out there. The speaker matches musical low-end poise with swift instrumental attacks and vivid high-register detail. At times it pushes toward sharpness, but mainly stays free to provide an exhilarating sound signature with plenty of punch. It adds loads of features, including high-res audio support via USB-C input, one-touch pairing for Android or iOS, and 24 hours of battery life per charge, to make it among the best you can buy. It’s all encapsulated (sorry) in a premium design with IP67 weather protection for outdoor adventures. —Ryan Waniata
I tested the R81+ of this Fluance for our Best Turntables guide, which adds a slightly upgraded cartridge and a platter with a more advanced dampener. Still, I would not hesitate to recommend this version, especially at just over $200. The R81’s best features are its solid build quality including a lift-lower mechanism that seems far too good for a turntable at this price. —Martin Cizmar
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
The Fellow Aiden (8/10, WIRED Recommends) is one of the most talked about coffee devices this year. It’s a sleek update on the classic Mr. Coffee from the 1970s: A drip machine to make drip coffee seem kinda cool again. It’s easy to use, it can be customized to each roast or bean with a simple dial twirl, and our reviewer marveled at how good the coffee was. The device is on sale but only if you also buy a bean grinder. Luckily, the Fellow Opus is also the WIRED Gear team’s favorite overall grinder in existence. —Matthew Korfhage
The Breville Barista Express is the lowest priced all-in-one espresso maker and frother we’ve found that’ll compete with the thousand-dollar big boys—a sturdy machine with precision, power, grace, and staying power. This is a longtime Gear team favorite: WIRED reviewer Julian Chokkattu has kept this on his counter for a half-decade. The slightly upgraded Pro version is also on sale this weekend, for about hundred more. —Matthew Korfhage
The grinder on this surprisingly svelte KitchenAid machine (8/10, WIRED Recommends) is quite literally the quietest we’ve tested or measured, a whisper of a device that might not wake your significant other or your roommate when you desperately need a 6 am shot. The machine is thoughtfully and intuitively put together, but coffee dosing can be a bit finicky at first: Our Gear team testers noted it might take a few tries before you get it dialed just right. —Matthew Korfhage
The Terra Kaffe is a pricey hunk of coffee machinery and has its bugs, but it’s one of few on earth to offer not just quality espresso and macchiato, but also true drip coffee that’s not Americano in disguise. This all arrives in a nifty, easy-to-clean package with a smart screen and all the trimmings. Using a phone app, you can begin warming the machine up from your bed, just like a remote starter on your car. Anyway, it’s a whopping $600 off, with an extra hundo off the top if you sign on for a coffee subscription. —Matthew Korfhage
This is the best bean grinder we’ve found under $100, hands down. At the moment, it costs even less than that. At 16 inches high, the Oxo is a little tall to fit under a kitchen cabinet. But it’s durable, and it’s got a slim profile and a truly surprising ability to dial down to fine espresso grinds. —Matthew Korfhage
The pricier Fellow or Baratza grinders likely win on overall execution. But what our Gear team testers prized greatly in KitchenAid’s burr grinder was its beauteous ease of cleaning, with burrs accessibly placed just beneath the hopper. Over the life of the product, this can matter more than you expect. We also liked the precise dose control and the helpful guidelines on grind settings. The universal merit of KitchenAid devices kind of tends to just be that they’re considerate of their users: “user-friendly,” to coin a term. Anyway, this is the lowest price we’ve seen on this model. —Matthew Korfhage
The Cafe Barista was already our budget pick among fully automated cafe and espresso machines, and right now it’s on significant discount. If you don’t mind the plasticky casing, this low-cost device will make you a rich single or double espresso with a single push of the button, not to mention lattes and cappuccinos. —Matthew Korfhage
This is what I use when I make cold brew at home. It’s an elegant, slim-profiled, no-fuss update to the classic Toddy device your favorite cafe probably uses to make a $5 cup of cold brew. Spoon in coffee, pour water over the nifty “rainmaker” top, then let it all sit for 16 to 24 hours. Filtering is as easy as sticking the immersion chamber atop the carafe. It takes patience, but not effort. And the resulting cold brew is delicious. —Matthew Korfhage
Do you have a coffee lover on your gift list? Trade coffee is our favorite option for those who want variety, and this deal can get variety delivered to your loved one's door for less. Trade Coffee doesn't roast coffee. Instead, it acts as a middleman between small roasters around the country and you. Trade Coffee makes it possible to get specialty coffee beans from boutique roasters around the US without going on an epic road trip (though that would be a great road trip, so if you have the time, go for it, and send a postcard). —Scott Gilbertson
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
The Amazon Echo Dot (5th Gen) is truly tiny yet powerful. It’s the Alexa smart speaker I find myself always having set up somewhere in my house, even if I’m testing other voice assistants. This smart speaker might only be a few inches tall, but its audio quality can almost rival the larger Echos. The small footprint makes it easy to add almost anywhere in your home, too. The only downside is the price for such a small speaker, but this sale fixes that. —Nena Farrell
If you want a smart display, this is the Goldilocks of the lot. The Echo Show 8 is the perfect size with its 8-inch screen to use for all kinds of features—smart home control, music player, video calls, even a little movie streaming—and packs a great speaker, a smart home hub, and a 13 MP camera. Use it as a digital photo frame, a smart home control center, or just a music jam session. Not only is this smart display fantastic, but it's nearly half off right now and available for the best price we've seen all year. —Nena Farrell
The Echo Pop (7/10, WIRED Recommends) is the cheapest Amazon Echo speaker on a normal day, and it's the only one you'll find for under $20. It's downright adorable, with a half-moon shape and a couple of fun colors you won't find in other Amazon speakers. It's not the most impressive speaker—no surprise with the smaller form factor it has—but it's not bad for the price, plus you'll get all the usual features of a smart speaker in it. —Nena Farrell
Amazon's lineup of smart speakers is huge, but it all started with the true Amazon Echo. The fourth-gen model has an orb shape, rather than the tower of the first few models. But the updated shape also comes with fuller sound that can better fill a room and a built-in smart home hub that can connect to your devices directly over Matter or Zigbee. It's a great speaker and smart assistant, and the twilight blue color is on sale for half off. You can also find the black and white colors on sale for $5 more. —Nena Farrell
If you want something just to control your smart home and answer your questions, nothing more, then the Amazon Echo Hub (8/10, WIRED Recommends) is for you. This Amazon Echo speaker is designed to be wall-mounted, and looks like a smart home panel a custom designer would put into your home. Instead of needing your own designer and electricians to set this up, you'll just need your Alexa app and devices that work with it. The Echo Hub isn't meant for any other tricks; it has a speaker, but it's intentionally mediocre, and you'll be prompted to choose a different Amazon Echo in your home to be the primary sound device if you use the Hub for music. It's meant to be a companion to the rest of your existing smart home ecosystem, and as someone who primarily controls her smart home with her speakers, I love it. —Nena Farrell
Not to quote my own review, but the Amazon Echo Spot (7/10, WIRED Recommends) is small yet surprisingly helpful. This second-gen model is back after being discontinued, with an updated look that matches the vibe of the Echo Pop that launched last summer (that's on sale too!). I was surprised how much I liked it—it takes my favorite quick-glance smart display features, shows me the weather and my calendar when I ask, and leaves out all of the clutter. It's a solid speaker for casual listening, though the Echo Dot is still the best of the pint-sized Amazon speakers. It's ideal for a bedside table, but I also like it for my desk. It's on sale for almost half off, so it's a great time to get one if you want it. —Nena Farrell
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
The Canopy is our overall favorite among the suddenly ubiquitous filtered showerheads that now promise to remove all sorts of things from your water, presumably keeping your hair and skin more lustrous. Unlike many such filters, we discovered during testing that the Canopy does in fact remove troublesome chlorine compounds before its spray hits your hair and skin. It's also a good-looking showerhead with multiple spray settings and a lot of considerate touches that make it easy to use. Note that filters require replacement every three months or so, at $25-$35 a pop. —Matthew Korfhage
I go through a lot of heat protectants while testing hair straighteners for our guide to the Best Hair Straighteners, and R+Co Bleu’s Hypersonic Heat Styling Mist is one of my go-to. It protects up to 450 degrees Fahrenheit (also great for hair dryers and curling irons) and goes on kind of thick, like hairspray, so it’s definitely effective at fighting frizz but also isn’t so heavy that it weighs hair down. It also comes in sustainable packaging and is Leaping Bunny certified to be cruelty-free. All of R+Co’s products are 30 percent off, so R+Co’s diatomaceous earth-based Skyline Dry Shampoo is also worth a grab if you need a TSA-compliant dry shampoo for travel or are trying to stay away from aerosols. On the subject of hair products, IGK is also offering 30 percent off everything on its site. While testing for an upcoming guide to the Best Heat Protectants we’ve also become quite fond of IGK’s Good Behavior Smoothing Spray (protects up to 450 degrees Fahrenheit), which is $10 off in the sale. —Kat Merck
This was a past budget pick in our electric toothbrush guide, and it’s still a great, affordable toothbrush. It’s cute, thin, and has a gentle cleaning vibration as a sonic toothbrush. It comes with a carrying case, too. —Nena Farrell
Sonic toothbrushes are a little gentler than your standard oscillating toothbrush, and the Philips 4100 Sonicare is our favorite sonic toothbrush we’ve tried. We already like the 4100 for all the features it packs at its price point—two intensity levels, a pressure sensor, and a two-minute timer—and those features are an even better deal right now while this toothbrush is on sale. —Nena Farrell
The Series 9 is Braun’s ”professional-grade” beard trimmer for the home set, with a quick and secure front control dial to change cut length, long battery life, and an excellent-quality main clipper attachment. Other attachments of equal quality allow tight detail work, or ruler-straight lines and edgework. It is, in short, our favorite overall beard trimmer—and it’s handsomely on sale. —Matthew Korfhage
If you love the idea of a multi-tool system like the Dyson AirWrap but can’t stomach shelling out $600, the Shark FlexStyle (9/10, WIRED Recommends) is for you. Like the AirWrap, there are two sets, one for “straight and wavy” and one for “curly and coily,” and both come with two brushes for drying and two barrels for curling. The wand bends at the middle to become a hair dryer that can be used alone or in concert with one of the brush attachments, and it even has one more heat setting than the Dyson—all for literally half the price. WIRED contributor Alanna Martine Kilkeary declared it the Best Multitasking Curler, while former WIRED reviewer Medea Giordano deemed it a “near-perfect dupe” of the AirWrap. —Kat Merck
Some people (like me) have stubborn hair that will only straighten with a flat iron, but others with more forgiving hair have a wider breadth of options, from hot brushes to air-assisted tools like Dyson’s AirWrap (8/10 WIRED Recommends). Yet another method is via the Tymo Ring, a straightening comb that former WIRED reviewer Medea Giordano called in our guide to the Best Hair Straighteners a way to take “the curl right out quickly—I didn't have to go over sections more than once or twice.” She also liked the outer shell that covers the hot teeth, so users are able to get closer to their roots without burning themselves. —Kat Merck
As detailed in our guide to the Best Hair Straighteners, this OG Chi is an oldie but a goodie—even though it’s got ceramic plates and only heats up to 392 degrees Fahrenheit, it’s able to successfully smooth a broad range of hair types and textures. It’s lightweight, with 1-inch plates for easy maneuverability and waves, plus it’s got three heat settings and one-hour auto-shutoff for safety. I had one of these straighteners decades ago and it lasted nearly 10 years. Even though this isn’t the greatest sale I’ve ever seen, I still wouldn’t hesitate to buy it again. —Kat Merck
This mascara has been my holy grail for years. There are a few drugstore dupes that come close, but in my opinion, nothing beats the real thing. It makes my lashes look long, thick, and velvety in just one coat, and in two coats I might as well be wearing falsies. I also appreciate just how deep and dark the black color is. If you want the most dramatic lashes of your life, this is the way. —Louryn Strampe
If you’re looking for an alternative to a blow-dryer brush, the GHD Duet Style is a blow-dryer and flat iron combo that former WIRED contributor Victoria Woollaston-Webber thought worked just as well as the Dyson Airstrait (8/10, WIRED Recommends). Hot air vents through the device’s plates dry hair as it straightens for less damage overall, according to GHD. In our guide to the Best Hair Straighteners, Victoria said she especially liked that the Shine Shot Mode could turn off the air and convert it to a traditional hair straightener. —Kat Merck
I'm obsessed with blow-dry brushes. The Dyson got me hooked, but I've been pretty darn impressed with the T3 AireBrush on my post-shower hair. I've tried both the round and oval versions, and while I prefer the smaller round option for my chin-length bob, the oval works fantastic too for longer hair or if you like the blowout shape you’d get using a regular hairbrush. Either one is a great purchase, and both are 30 percent off for T3's sale. —Nena Farrell
If you know, you know. Aquaphor is like magic. I use it on cracked cuticles, chapped lips, healing tattoos, dry knees, and even on my eyelids when I’m doing a glossy makeup look. This set comes with a travel-friendly 1.7-ounce tube as well as a giant 14-ounce tub. It should be enough to last you through this winter and next, and if you buy it frequently, this is a good deal. —Louryn Strampe
With winter around the corner, your lips might start to feel more chapped than usual. This lip mask will help with that. The thick texture melts quickly and sinks straight into your dry skin, leaving your lips feeling less cracked. It also lasts long enough throughout the day that you won't have to constantly reapply the product—so the jar, while small, should last you for a while. —Brenda Stolyar
Manscaped is best known for its viral below-the-belt Lawn Mower model. But above the neck, Manscaped’s Beard Hedger has its merits. Specifically, it sports a waterproof body, it’s great for a stubble trim, and its USB-C charger means you can charge it from your phone adapter or laptop. While the Hedger’s design may not be as elegant as some, this all adds up to make it a great travel device. —Matthew Korfhage
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
This might just be the most incredible value of 2024. The Moto G Power 5G already impressed me (8/10, WIRED Recommends) earlier this year with its solid performance and 120-Hz LCD screen, not to mention the support for NFC to make contactless payments and even wireless charging. At this $200 discount, it’s a shockingly good Android phone, though its biggest flaw is that it will only receive an update to Android 15, and that’s it. You’ll still get two more years of security updates though. —Julian Chokkattu
Flip phones are all the rage. These folding phones work like normal smartphones, but you can fold them in half to stow them in a pocket or purse. What’s not to love? Well, battery life isn’t great (you can just barely eke out a day with average use), but they’re cute and fun, plus Samsung’s build quality is exceptional (7/10, WIRED Recommends). The Galaxy Z Flip6’s external screen isn’t as useful as the cover screen on Motorola’s Razr+, but this is still a well-built flip phone at a reasonable price. —Julian Chokkattu
Want a booklike folding phone? My top pick is the Google Pixel 9 Pro, but Samsung’s new Galaxy Z Fold6 (7/10, WIRED Recommends) is even cheaper! It has excellent build quality (Samsung has been doing this for six years after all), and the external display is wider than before, making it nicer to use. The cameras are great and the screens are bright, though it doesn’t open up to as large a screen as the Pixel. —Julian Chokkattu
If, like me, you've been chasing the feeling of using your Blackberry Curve for over a decade now, then I have the accessory for you. It's called the Clicks Keyboard case (8/10, WIRED Recommends) and it's the first-of-its-kind iPhone case with a built-in keyboard. It's a great option for someone who relies on their phone for tasks like sending off emails, typing up documents, responding to Slack messages, and more. It'll take a while to get used to the tactile keys though—days or weeks depending on how quickly you build up muscle memory. We also only recommend it for the iPhone 16 lineup. It comes with a redesigned keyboard, a slightly more durable design, and support for MagSafe and CarPlay. —Brenda Stolyar
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
The Series 10 (8/10, WIRED Recommends) is the latest model to join Apple's lineup. It also holds the top spot in our guide to the Best Apple Watches. Compared to its predecessor, it not only has a bigger display, but it's also thinner, lighter, and packs support for fast charging. The smartwatch also runs WatchOS 11, so you'll have access to features like Vitals (to check your baseline every morning) and Training Load (to see how your workouts are impacting your fitness over time). It's worth noting that it doesn't pack a blood oxygen sensor, though. —Brenda Stolyar
The Ultra 2 (8/10, WIRED Recommends) is our top pick for outdoor sports. Under the hood is an S9 chip for faster performance and an ultra-wideband chip with enhanced precision finding. You'll also have access to dual-frequency GPS, offline maps (that you'll have to download to your iPhone), and Backtrack for creating virtual breadcrumb trails on the Compass app via the Action button. —Brenda Stolyar
The best running watch will probably always be a Garmin Forerunner. The line ranges from the barebones Forerunner 55 to the spendy Forerunner 965 for triathlons, but I think the Forerunner 165 has pretty much everything you need. The more you spend, the more sensors you get, and the Forerunner 165 has blood oxygen sensing plus a barometric altimeter, compass, and ambient light sensor, in addition to the now-standard fall detection and multiple satellite positioning systems. —Adrienne So
Yes, the price is lower now that the new Oura Ring 4 has been released. But I wore the Oura Ring Gen3 for many years and found it to be accurate, attractive, and comfortable (once all the features it had promised in 2021 became available). Some days, I even find myself missing the three little bump optical sensors on the back of my ring. This is a pretty remarkable deal for a one-of-a-kind fitness tracker that started a whole product category all by itself. —Adrienne So
There are a few pretty great Fitbit deals going on right now, but if you have kids, I suggest going for the Fitbit Ace LTE. Unlike the Apple Watch, it’s not phone-specific, so your kid can use it even if you and your spouse are an Android/iPhone family (if so, why?). It has a ton of fun, movement-based games that are an incentive for your kid to actually remember to charge your watch and keep it on. I understand that feelings are mixed on giving kids smart devices, but it helps us all keep track of each other as my kids walk around the neighborhood and it stops me from having to text everyone else’s parents all the time. —Adrienne So
Samsung tried to make a squircle-shaped Apple Watch Ultra competitor and it’s … OK (7/10, WIRED Review). The company also targeted Apple-like pricing, but the Galaxy Watch Ultra didn’t have complete feature parity and its software isn’t as polished. Still, this is a powerful smartwatch with a few extra features over the company’s standard Galaxy Watch7, and it’s much more reasonably priced with this discount, which ends on December 1. —Julian Chokkattu
The latest iteration of Samsung’s Galaxy Watch series has some artificial intelligence algorithms to improve your health tracking data, like giving you a comprehensive Energy Score and updated sleep tracking abilities. It can also detect if you have sleep apnea. However, editor Julian Chokkattu found battery life frustrating compared to older models, and it’s worth noting you won’t get the full functionality unless you pair it with a Samsung phone. —Adrienne So
The OnePlus Watch 2 (7/10, WIRED Recommends) had one job: stand out from other Wear OS smartwatches, and it succeeded. Unlike Samsung’s Galaxy Watch7 or Google’s Pixel Watch 3, OnePlus prioritized battery life over all else, and thanks to a clever dual-processor and dual-operating system hybrid architecture, the Watch 2 can last roughly three days on a single charge. Hooray! The health tracking isn’t its strong suit, but this is a Wear OS smartwatch so you’ll find many rich smart features, though it’s only compatible with Android phones. You can save even more by going with the OnePlus Watch 2R for $170 ($60 off), which has a screen that doesn’t get as bright, no sapphire crystal coating over the glass, and an aluminum build over stainless steel. —Julian Chokkattu
This is still the watch that I would wear if I didn’t have to test other fitness trackers—and I’m not the only one, because Garmin’s Instinct line is one of the company’s most popular. It has all the backcountry capabilities of the higher-end Fenix and Epix lines, but it’s more affordable because it ditches the fancy screen. The Instinct 2 Solar’s battery life lasted almost three weeks when I tested it in Hawaii, where I used it to keep track of everything from trail runs to keeping me oriented toward the beach when snorkeling. —Adrienne So
The Fitbit Charge 6 (7/10, WIRED Recommends) tops our guide to the best fitness trackers thanks to the perfect balance of attractiveness, affordability, accessibility, and ease of use. Google’s takeover has led to several smart integrations with Google Maps, Google Wallet, and YouTube Music Premium. This tracker can keep tabs on your skin temperature, 24/7 heart rate, activities, and sleep schedule. You can also expect week-long battery life, but the best features still require the $10/month Fitbit Premium subscription. —Simon Hill
Garmin recently combined its two high-end Epix and Fenix lines in the updated Fenix 8 series, which we will be including in our Best Fitness Trackers roundup. However, if you have no particular need for voice commands or new, leakproof buttons for scuba, the second-gen Epix Pro is still a great buy, and it’s now much cheaper! Use the beautiful AMOLED screen to access Garmin’s detailed proprietary maps. And I’m a little embarrassed by how much I like the onboard flashlight. —Adrienne So
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
This isn't technically a deal, but retailers are currently offering Batman: Arkham Shadow and three months of Meta Quest+, its game subscription program, through April 2025. If you've never tried a VR headset and you're curious, this is one of the best and easiest ways to start playing loads of games to see if you like it. We also think the Quest 3S is one of the cheapest and lightest ways to get into gaming (it will still make you slightly nauseous if you're not used to it, though.) —Adrienne So
This is our top gaming headset recommendation because it uses Logitech’s Lightspeed connection system (with a 2.4-GHz dongle) for low-latency audio (important when playing fast-paced games). You can also use Bluetooth if you’d like, or jack in with the 3.5-mm headphone jack. That makes it more versatile than ever. The boom mic arm is detachable so you can wear this out of the house without feeling like you’re headed to a call center. Our previous top pick was the G Pro X 2’s predecessor, and it’s also on sale for $81 ($19 off). But that one’s a wired headset so you have fewer connectivity options. —Julian Chokkattu
As the younger sibling to the impressive HyperX Cloud Alpha, these boast an incredible 120 hours of claimed battery life, in some cases four times its competitors. That truly astounding number is backed up by crisp sound quality and a high level of compatibility. The included USB-C dongle and USB-A adapter let you plug them into almost any system you can find, so nothing will stand between you and your games, particularly having to recharge. —Brad Bourque
The PlayStation VR2 (8/10, WIRED Recommends) is one of the best VR headsets, featuring a comfortable, adjustable headband, excellent eye-tracking that allows you to select menu items or track objects by looking at them, and it comes with two controllers. If you crave immersion, you’ll find it here. The headset requires a PS5 and this is a tasty discount, but we recommend going for the PlayStation VR2 Horizon Call of The Mountain Bundle ($349) since it is the same price and includes one of the best PS VR2 games in Horizon Call of the Mountain. —Simon Hill
Our favorite gaming headset for multi-platform gamers, the SteelSeries Arctis Nova 5X supports almost every modern system under the sun, including the PlayStation 5, Xbox Series S and Xbox Series X, Nintendo Switch, and basically anything else with a USB-C port or Bluetooth. It’s also super comfortable for long gaming sessions, with plush ear cups and the classic SteelSeries support band. At just $100, these very well might be your favorite new pair of wireless gaming headphones. —Brad Bourque
The PlayStation 5 Slim is a slimmed-down version of the PlayStation 5 (8/10, WIRED Recommends) that’s around 30 percent slimmer. It runs the same list of great PS5 games but takes up less space beneath the TV. We have a breakdown of the different PlayStation 5 models if you want to dive deeper, but the PS5 Slim is the only one on sale and a 15 percent discount is decent if you’re in the market for a Sony console. —Simon Hill
Even at its full price of $40, the Logitech G203 feels like a solid deal, but for half that, it’s a downright steal. It has six programmable buttons, full support for the Logitech G Hub software, and RGB lighting—what else could you ask for? The only real compromise here is the 8,000 DPI max, but as long as you can live with that, this is a great budget-friendly gaming mouse or a perfect backup mouse for traveling or emergencies. —Brad Bourque
Compact gaming keyboards like the Razer Huntsman Mini make a lot of sense for gamers with limited desk space. As long as you can live without a num pad or arrow keys, you’ll find all the features you’d expect from a full size offering in this compact keyboard. That includes Razer’s excellent software support, keycap compatibility, and excellent build quality. All that adds up to a big deal on a small board, and it’s just part of the reason the Razer Huntsman Mini is our favorite small keyboard. —Brad Bourque
With a million mechanical keyboards on the market, it can be tough to stand out, but the Corsair K100 does just that with its built-in control wheel. This programmable knob can adjust keyboard lighting or other built-in keyboard functions, but more fun is the option to set it to control media playback on your system. You’ll also get RGB backlighting, a volume control wheel, and a set of macro keys along the left side, all features we’d expect from a mechanical keyboard at this price point. —Brad Bourque
The Steam Deck might be all about portable handheld gaming, but sometimes you just wanna plug it into a bigger screen, just like a Nintendo Switch, especially if you want to play a game with a keyboard and mouse. This aluminum Jsaux 7-in-1 Steam Deck Dock will do the job, with three USB-A ports, a DisplayPort, an HDMI, a USB-C, and even an Ethernet port. —Julian Chokkattu
I didn’t think I’d love Disney Dreamlight Valley when I first installed it, but it quickly became one of my favorite cozy games. It’s fantastic on the Nintendo Switch but available for other consoles. It’s a life sim where you’ll run around collecting items, farming crops, fishing, and decorating, but it also has a surprisingly grown-up storyline that might entice even those of us who don’t have fond memories of Disney movies or shows. The Cozy Edition comes with bonus cosmetics that you don’t get with the base game. Pro tip: Plant all the pumpkins. —Louryn Strampe
It’s always nice to see a solid deal on our favorite keyboard. The Logitech G Pro X TKL Lightspeed might have a mouthful of a name, but it’s as streamlined and stylish as they come. It sports bright backlit keys with your standard RGB setup, wireless connectivity, and a minimal, high quality design that fits right in on any desk. Beyond media controls and some buttons for functionality, the G Pro X TKL packs just the right features, and leaves the rest on the cutting room floor, which is why we like it. —Brad Bourque
If you’re looking for a simple joystick for gaming, it’s hard to beat the value on the Logitech G Extreme 3D Pro USB Joystick. It isn’t the fanciest, and its plastic construction won’t impress true enthusiasts, but you’ll spend two or three times the price to get anything similar from a manufacturer as reputable as Logitech. It also sports a huge number of buttons, both on the handle and on the base, and a throttle slider that’s not as common on joysticks at this price point. That makes it the perfect joystick for a quick flight in Microsoft Flight Simulator or a few hours of space trucking in Elite Dangerous. —Brad Bourque
The hardest console gamers know that quick reactions can be the difference between total glory and complete failure, so give yourself every advantage with the SCUFInstinct Pro controller for Xbox. This upgraded controller features improved materials for grip and comfort, plus a more premium build quality, but the best part is hidden around back. Four programmable paddles allow you to put your most important buttons right at your fingertips for lightning-fast access, giving you the ultimate edge against anyone who has to move their hand to hit the melee button. —Brad Bourque
Our favorite USB microphone is sporting a decent discount, as it is fairly often. The Blue Yeti has a long history on the desks of streamers and podcasters, and for good reason. It sports solid audio performance, great build quality, and easy access to controls. That makes it a great option for anyone looking to upgrade from their gaming headset’s microphone, or to pair with some better headphones. —Brad Bourque
This Intel Core i7-14700K 8-Core 5.6 GHz (LGA 1700 Socket) chip is a very solid performer and will work with any 700-series chipset-based motherboard. It'll get you through heavy workday tasks like video editing with ease and can handle 4K gaming. —Scott Gilbertson
This is one of the best game controllers for PC gamers, with five central buttons on the front, a pair of rear paddles, and plenty of customization options. 8BitDo’s software lets you remap buttons, tweak the stick and trigger sensitivity, assign macros, and tune the vibration intensity. It’s compact with a grippy texture on the handles, satisfyingly clicky triggers, and a decent D-pad. There’s a 2.4G dongle in the handy charging dock for PC gaming, and battery life is around 20 hours. It also has Bluetooth support for Nintendo Switch players, making this a solid alternative to the Switch Pro controller. —Simon Hill
Feel free to take $40 off the reasonably equipped Gigabyte B650, a mid-range AMD Ryzen motherboard with support for DDR5 RAM, 2.5Gbps Ethernet, and USB 3.2 Gen 2x2. While it isn’t the highest-end offering, notably missing PCIe 5.0, it still supports overclocking, and even has built-in Wi-Fi for easy connectivity. Make sure to check out our PC building guide for more info on what you should be looking for when purchasing a motherboard. —Brad Bourque
Western Digital also makes excellent SSDs, and this one is no exception. The SN 770 M.2 2280 achieved speeds of 5,100 Mbps in my testing, which is blazing fast. If you're doing a lot of drive-intensive tasks, like editing video or gaming, this drive is well worth the money. The largest version you can get is 2 TB, but the price is reasonable considering the speed increase. —Scott Gilbertson
Viture's Pro XR Glasses make for a great portable gaming display you can take anywhere. They have a large, virtual screen (135 inches), a smooth 120-Hz frame rate, and a maximum brightness of 4,000 nits. The company has done a solid job with the software too and tailored the experience for gamers. You can also, however, use these for watching movies or multitasking work. However, it's worth noting the Harman-tuned speakers are limited. —Brenda Stolyar
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
This LifeStraw has been featured in many an iteration of our outdoorsy gift guide (though we’ve replaced it this year). Nevertheless, it’s a good product. This LifeStraw can screw onto a plastic water bottle or be used as a straw to slurp up water from basically anywhere. It filters out at least 99.99 percent of bacteria, microplastics, and other gross contaminants. If you’re shopping for a prepper this holiday season, or you’re just like me and ill-prepared for the zombie apocalypse, this deal is worth checking out. —Louryn Strampe
The Leatherman Wave+ is our top pick multi-tool. The tools flip out and retract with just the right mix of smoothness and tension, and the mix of tools here is very useful—two stainless steel knives, one with a straight edge and the other serrated, along with 16 other tools, including a wood-and-metal file, a diamond-coated file, a saw, Phillips screwdriver bits, scissors, an 8-inch ruler, and a wire stripper, as well as a bottle and can opener.
The Branwyn bra is in our essential guide to merino wool, but I like it enough that I wrote a whole separate rave about it. Merino wool is a miracle fiber—it’s renewable, odor-resistant, regulates your temperature and doesn’t leave you with a terminal case of swamp booty should you choose to jump in a river with your hiking clothes on. What’s not to like? Everything at Branwyn is 25 percent off through December 3 (just add to your basket to see the discount). —Adrienne So
I love my pellet smoker for cooking everything from meat to pizza—as does WIRED reviewer Scott Gilbertson in our guide to the Best Grills—which is why I highly recommend this Traeger. It can connect to Wi-Fi for easy monitoring of longer cooks, and features the classic easy-to-clean Traeger design that made the brand an icon in the first place. —Parker Hall
The Breeo is the most overbuilt option on our best fire pits guide and wins our favor by opening the door to a complete ecosystem of products including a live-fire pizza oven and a flat-top grill for making smashburgers. This is a sizable sale on the pit. —Martin Cizmar
Like the Coleman above, the RoadTrip 225 allows you to use only one burner, so you can grill a couple of burgers without draining your propane tank. With variable controls, you can sear veggies on one side while cooking meat more slowly on the other. There's a grease pan to catch drips while cooking, and it's removable for cleaning. You also get push-button ignition and 11,000 BTUs of propane grilling power. At this price, it's hard to beat these features. —Louryn Strampe
Cupping therapy can be intimidating, but the TheraCup makes bringing spa-level treatment at home easy. It blends suction, heat, and vibration to mimic the effects of traditional cupping therapy. I’ve found it user-friendly, and with its auto-shutoff and safety sensors, I don’t have to worry about overdoing it. At $129 ($20 off), it’s a solid investment that will save you from splurging on professional sessions. —Boutayna Chokrane
If you’re tired of itchy or sweaty socks, these Carhartts are a solid upgrade. WIRED’s self-proclaimed sock-hating outdoorsman, Scott Gilbertson, is living proof that these socks can convert even the most dedicated barefooters. He’d rather brave the snow wearing a pair of sandals; that is, until he was gifted the Carhartt Midweight Merino Wool Blend Crew Socks. These woolies are designed to keep your feet warm, dry, and odor-free—even after a full day of hiking. The midweight design strikes the ideal balance between breathability and insulation, perfect for year-round excursions. —Boutayna Chokrane
The LifePro Sonic Massage Gun proves you don’t need to spend a fortune for a deep-tissue massage. With eight included attachments—yes, eight—it’s the most versatile massager we’ve tried. It’s more than capable of working even the most stubborn knots, and with five intensity levels, don’t worry about whether it packs a punch. —Boutayna Chokrane
The PowerDot 2.0 Muscle Stimulator is a recent addition to my recovery routine. It pairs with your smartphone to provide personalized muscle recovery and strength training, and ease menstrual cramps. When I first tried it, I expected a sharp zap, but the sensation was surprisingly soothing, like a prickly, customizable massage. The Duo is ideal for multiple or larger areas, and it comes with everything you need: electrode pads, lead cables, a charger, and a carrying case. Note: I’ve encountered some connectivity hiccups with the app, and online reviews suggest I’m not alone. Still, when it works, it’s brilliant. —Boutayna Chokrane
Niu’s scooters have long been reliable for me, with simple folding mechanisms and a comfy riding experience. That continues with the KQi 300X, a 49-pound escooter with 10.5-inch tubeless tires, regenerative braking, and a 16-mile range in my tests (I’m 6’4”, so you can probably go even further.) This one has turn signals too, though they are not time-based and need to be turned off manually. Still, this is one of the lower prices I’ve seen and great value. —Julian Chokkattu
A sub-$3000 electric mountain bike is amazing, and Aventon’s version has incredible specs for the price point. Reviewer Steph Pearson was impressed by its smooth, consistent power. Its weight is a bit much (OK, it’s a lot) for technical singletrack, but if you have a commute that incorporates steep hills, dirt roads, or potholes, it’s the perfect ride.—Adrienne So
If you just want something for quick trips to the grocery store or just puttering around your neighborhood, the Segway E2 Pro is probably more than enough. It’s affordable, even more so now with this deal, and the 350-watt motor does a decent job with small slopes. It’s 41 pounds, but you get tubeless tires, good brakes, and a 15-mph top speed. I usually managed a little under 10 miles. It’s also rare to see turn signals on an affordable scooter, which is a nice perk. Want to save even more? I’ve also tested the E2 Plus, which is now $280 ($70 off). It’s lighter and slower, but it does the job for short trips. —Julian Chokkattu
I’ve now tested more than 50 pickleball paddles to make our guide to the best, but I have a soft spot for the SLK Evo, which was the first nice paddle I bought with my own money. It has a nice neutral feel and a great grip. You won’t be able to get much top spin off the fiberglass face, but it’s fine for anyone below the advanced level. —Martin Cizmar
This inflatable hot tub is nice! The Coleman SaluSpa Ibiza (7/10, WIRED Review) is easy to set up and generally user-friendly. It takes a while to heat up, but when it’s rolling, it’s a great place to relax and unwind. The pump module has built-in cupholders and there are optional air jets to bubble away all of your worries. It’s got room for four to six people, though I think six would be a bit too cozy. Just make sure you have the space for it before purchasing. —Louryn Strampe
Movement begets more movement! WIRED contributor Kristin Canning would have paid even full price for this walking pad. It feels good underfoot (she often walks on it wearing just socks), isn’t annoyingly loud, and doesn’t shake her standing desk. You can control it with both the remote or the app, and Canning prefers the app as the Bluetooth connectivity can get a bit wonky. —Adrienne So
No one I know has ever regretted getting a walking pad. It helps even the least motivated of us get a little more movement into our day. Former WIRED reviewer Medea Giordano noted that the Egofit is compact and easy to use and move. You can control it with a remote, and the digital screen displays time, calories burned, distance walked, steps, and walking speed (be warned, though, there is no pause button). —Adrienne So
In our Smart Bird Feeders Buying Guide, we recommend this model as the prettiest, and we also like that it’s made with less plastic than other feeders. This bamboo Netvue Birdfy (6/10, WIRED Review) features an extendable perch and two large bins for bird seeds, and it includes a solar panel so you won’t need to charge or replace the batteries. The included 1080p camera will show you video feeds and pictures of bird visitors. You can pay more to get a lifetime subscription with AI that’ll help identify birds—though sometimes it gets it wrong. Note that, although it’s rot- and mold-resistant, it does need to be sealed with a bird-safe wood sealer. —Louryn Strampe
This adorable stroller takes the features of a full-size stroller and packs them into a smaller package. The Thule Shine’s (9/10, WIRED Recommends) adjustable handlebar works for a huge variety of heights—both my 5’ mom and my 6'4" dad could comfortably push my son around in this stroller thanks to the five different height options, and the stroller can switch to do inward or outward facing and has accessories for car seats and a bassinet. It's one of my favorite full-sized strollers I've ever tried, and it's on sale for a nice discount. —Nena Farrell
In our Best Treadmills roundup, WIRED contributor Kristin Canning notes that the incline ranges on the BowFlex Treadmill 22 are much greater than our top pick, the NordicTrack. That means it’s ideal for hill training, or if it’s dark and late outside and you can’t make yourself drive anywhere to prep for an upcoming road race. Bowflex has its own proprietary fitness programming with both on- and off-tread options, but you can also stream your own shows and movies, too. —Adrienne So
Even if we weren’t always scaling rugged peaks, we used Rocky Talkies on almost every camping trip—you need a better way to talk to your family besides running around and yelling. Rocky Talkies have a few advantages over cheap walkies. They come with a carabiner to clip on your pack or clothes, so they don’t slide off; the battery life is much better, and it’s much easier to use. The push-to-talk button is even recessed so you don’t accidentally transmit your shit-talking. The waterproof mic and extra battery are also on sale. —Adrienne So
We're huge fans of the Peloton Tread, it's actually one of the best home treadmills we've tested so far. It's sleek and beautiful, so it won't be an eyesore in your house and you'll have access to some of the most engaging fitness programming out there—complete with great music, top-tier instructors, and fun workouts. If you're more interested in one of the company's bikes, those are also on sale for up to $700. —Brenda Stolyar
Jumping rope is one of the best ways to get an intense cardio workout without needing a lot of space, and Crossrope is one of the most fun ways to do it. It builds strength in the shoulders, forearms, and legs, and doing double-unders, crossovers, or other complicated steps is just fun. Subscribe to the app, get access to 2,500 workouts and over 35 different fitness programs, watch videos, and use your Bluetooth-connected jump rope to really show those CrossFitters what’s what. —Adrienne So
Nothing can possibly fix you as much as cold plunges can, but devotees of the practice will tell you otherwise. Sun Home’s premium version is the only portable cold plunge tub that’s capable of getting to as low as 33 degrees, which you will need once you’ve acclimated to 40 degrees and need to get even colder to chase that euphoric high. It’s also sturdy, chills water quickly, and surprisingly, doesn’t add too much to your electricity bill.—Adrienne So
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
If you’re in the market for a travel bag, the Dagne Dover Petra Convertible Tote is a chameleon of carryalls. It’s part backpack, part tote, and even has a luggage pass-through that is a back-saver during long treks through airports. At nearly 17 inches tall, this bag is big, but it still fits under most airplane seats. We’re particularly fond of the padded compartments, offering extra protection for your tech gear and one less thing to worry about while rushing to your gate. —Boutayna Chokrane
I love Calpak's clear cosmetic cases. They were viral for a reason, since it's easy to see where everything is thanks to the clear design, and the two separate sides make it easy to keep it from becoming a massive mess inside the bag. While the clear cases come in three sizes, only the largest size is on sale. WIRED editor Kat Merck didn’t find this case the easiest to travel with while reviewing it for the Best Toiletry Bags guide, but I use the medium-sized bag for my daily makeup. The large case is a great choice if you have a lot of makeup and skincare you're looking to easily store and keep organized. There are a couple colors that are 30 percent off, but most are 20 percent off, which is still a good deal. —Nena Farrell
A carry-on is a highly personalized purchase—it’s both an accessory and one of the bags that endures the most abuse when you use it. Aer’s is more expensive than some of our other picks, but I particularly liked Aer’s for a few reasons. The polycarbonate surface doesn’t pick up dirt as easily as the Monos, and it doesn’t have ridges like the Beis. It also has specialized Hinamoto metal ball bearings for smoother rolling, as well as wheel locks, so it doesn’t slide all over the place when you have to take it on a shuttle. All of Aer’s luggage is 25 percent off through Dec. 2, but you’ll need to enter a SAVE20 discount code to get the deal. —Adrienne So
Staying hydrated feels almost effortless with the Owala 40-ounce tumbler. We love Owalas for a few reasons: They’re free of BPA, lead, and phthalates, which should be a minimum standard for reusable water bottles. Owala’s trademark 2-in-1 lid makes this tumbler work with hot, cold, and carbonated beverages. And Owala’s limited-edition color palettes are dangerously addictive, making it hard not to grab one in every shade. So, if you’re eyeing a certain design, there’s no time like the present. —Boutayna Chokrane
Several WIRED Gear team members use the Front-Range Harness. While I use the attachment point at the top behind my pup’s head, my colleague uses the bottom one, so if her dog Roux chases after a squirrel and pulls on the leash, he’ll just spin and face her. It has reflective strips for increased visibility and there’s padding for the undersides so they don’t dig in. They’re well-made and have held up after years of use. —Julian Chokkattu
Some travel mugs dent if you so much as look at them wrong, but not the Hydro Flask. Its signature powder-coated exterior is as durable as it is sleek. Former WIRED reviewer Medea Giordano has been using hers for years without a single ding, making it a reliable choice for your busiest days and clumsiest moments. Plus, no lead here—unlike certain other tumblers we know (looking at you, Stanley). —Boutayna Chokrane
Editor Kat Merck is obsessed with the Dagne Dover Mila Toiletry Organizer, which she uses for her cosmetics. Made from recycled materials, it’s sustainable, water-resistant, and easy to clean. Merck especially loves the thoughtful compartments: the carabiner for jewelry, the zippered pouch for hair ties and bobby pins, and the elastic loops for makeup brushes. The sections can feel snug for more than two full-sized products but are perfect for travel-sized essentials. P.S., the small model is also on sale for $38. —Boutayna Chokrane
An honorable mention in our guide to the Best Toiletry Bags, this toiletry kit is a decent option for those who want a simple, well-made bag that can either hang or lay flat. There’s a snap-in plastic envelope for soap or a toothbrush, and the navy version I tested is made from recycled bottles. I wasn’t especially impressed with the bag’s organizational components in comparison to its size, and I didn’t like that the bag’s thick, small plastic hook couldn’t hang on a towel rack, but otherwise, I had no major complaints during my weeks of testing. It should also be noted this bag comes in almost 20 different colors and prints, from metallic pink to a basketball motif, so at this price it would make a great gift for adults and kids alike. —Kat Merck
The Travelrest Nest Ultimate Travel Pillow (9/10, WIRED Recommends) is nearly perfect. The back is flat, which keeps your spine aligned, whereas the sides and front are high and firm, which keeps your neck supported. The microfiber cover is soft and machine washable, and the memory foam cover holds its shape without compressing too much. We just wish the stuff sack had an attachment point for easier toting around. —Louryn Strampe
Jump to a Topic: Best TV Deals, Apple Device Deals, Toy and Game Deals, Best Charging Deals, Best Kitchen Deals, Best Home Deals, Best Home Office Deals, Best Laptop and Tablet Deals, Best Soundbar Deals, Best Headphone Deals, Best Speaker Deals, Best Coffee Deals, Best Amazon Device Deals, Best Beauty Deals, Best Mobile Phone Deals, Best Smartwatch Deals, Best Gaming Deals, Best Outdoor Deals, Best Travel Deals, Best Camera Deals
Our favorite mirrorless camera, Sony's A7 IV (9/10, WIRED Recommends) is a 33-megapixel, full-frame camera capable of incredibly sharp images, with excellent dynamic range and great autofocus, and it's smaller than most of its competitors. There's five-axis image stabilization built-in, and it can shoot 7K oversampled 4K/30 fps video. —Scott Gilbertson
The A7R V is the highest-resolution stills camera on the market (unless you opt for medium-format cameras). If that's not enough, there's a 16-shot, high-resolution mode that can create 240-MP images (so long as your subject is static, e.g., a landscape). The dynamic range is outstanding, and the autofocus speeds and smarts are some of the best we've seen. The only down side is the file size; fully uncompressed RAW files from this sensor run around 125 megabytes per image, though there are compressed options that will get them down to about 80 MP per image. —Scott Gilbertson
GoPro's new Hero 13 (7/10, WIRED Recommends) is a fantastic action camera. The Hero 13 features a new interchangeable lens system, with Macro, Ultra Wide, and Anamorphic lenses, plus a set of four neutral density filters (all sold separately). The Hero 13 Black even autodetects which lens is attached and changes settings accordingly. It's a slick, if expensive, system, but this deal at least saves you some cash on the base camera, which you can put toward an extra lens. Except the Anamorphic, which won't be available until 2025. —Scott Gilbertson
This deal has been running since the new Hero 13 Black launched earlier this year, and if you have the extra $40 to spare, I highly recommend the Hero 13 over the 12. But if you're on a tight budget, or just don't have any interest in the interchangeable lenses, the Hero 12 uses the same sensor and makes a great action cam. —Scott Gilbertson
The DJI Air 3 (9/10, WIRED Recommends) remains one of our favorite drones, despite the brand new Air 3S. The new Air 3S brings larger sensors, which do improve the video a bit, but the Air 3 is still a fantastic dual-camera drone and, at this price, a better value than the new Air 3S. —Scott Gilbertson
The Osmo Action 4 has been surpassed by the new Osmo Action 5, but the Action 4 (8/10, WIRED Recommends) is still a fantastic action camera, especially at this price. The magnetic mounting system is great, the menu system makes switching between modes a snap, and the resulting photos and video are excellent. —Scott Gilbertson
Insta360's Ace Pro was just replaced by the new Ace Pro 2, but this is a good deal on what is still a great camera. Capable of recording up to 8K 24 fps, with solid stabilization, good color handling, and a Leica lens to boot, there's a lot to love here, especially for only $300. That said, unless you think you're going to use the 8K (which is really only usable in still shots, not action footage), the Osmo Action 4 deal above is a better value. —Scott Gilbertson
Our favorite 360 camera, Insta360's X4 (9/10, WIRED Recommends), features a 1/2-inch sensor capable of 8K video, which is as high-resolution as you can get in a 360-degree camera. The 8K resolution means you can reframe your footage to fit rectangular video formats and still have high-quality clips sharp enough to mix with other sources. It doesn’t reframe to 4K (you'll have to wait for 12K footage before that's possible), but it's good enough for anything you'd put on social media. —Scott Gilbertson
The Insta360 Go 3S (9/10, WIRED Recommends) is just plain fun. It's a hybrid camera that transforms from a traditional action-camera form factor to a more portable go-anywhere wearable camera. In action camera mode, it's much like the Ace Pro above. The sensor isn't as big so the image quality isn't as good, but you get the flip-up rear screen. The camera itself is waterproof to 33 feet (10 meters). The case can also continue to act as a remote monitor even when you pull the camera out. Couple that with the extremely strong magnetic mounting system on the camera pod, and the Go 3 becomes capable of shots and angles that no other action camera can match. —Scott Gilbertson
If you want an instant camera and don't want to spend a lot, the Instax Mini 12 (8/10, WIRED Recommends) is your best bet. It's a capable, easy-to-use camera wrapped in a colorful, bubbly design. One thing you'll find here that's missing even on more expensive models is parallax correction. That means you don't have to guess where the center of the frame is for close-up subjects. What you see is what you get, eliminating those accidentally ill-framed close-ups that sometimes happen with other instant cameras. —Scott Gilbertson
The Sprocket Photo Printer offers the best results of the ink mini printers we've tested. It's roughly the size of a phone and connects with iPhone, iPad, or Android phones via Bluetooth. The mobile app lets you edit and customize your photos before printing. There's also an option to tile your images onto multiple prints for a larger, pieced-together image. —Scott Gilbertson
The Polaroid Now+ has the typical features you'd expect from a Polaroid: vintage aesthetics, roll-out film, and a nice chunky body with easy-to-find buttons. What sets it apart is the smartphone companion app, which gives you the option to use features like Tripod Mode, Manual Mode, or setting a custom f-stop in Aperture Priority Mode. The Now+ also lets you take double exposures. It's pricey but it offers a good blend of modern methods and vintage execution. —Scott Gilbertson
The Flir One Gen 3 is the largest of the thermal cameras we've tested. It’s about 2.6 inches wide and 1.3 inches tall, and it fits a lot into that space, including a built-in battery and two cameras. The first is the IF camera which captures 80 x 60-pixel images and then combines them with the second camera, which grabs a higher resolution image of visible light, which the device smooths and scales up to a nice, pretty clear, 1,440 x 1,080-pixel image. —Scott Gilbertson
Our favorite place to print photos is having a 30 percent off sale on its print services. Mpix makes high-quality prints at a reasonable price even when it's full price, which makes this a great deal. Mpix prints on Kodak Endura paper and offers a variety of paper options. I tested the E-surface, which renders rich, deep blacks and true-to-life colors. It holds up well over time; the images we printed in 2013 look exactly like they did when we got them. We also like Mpix's books and calendars. —Scott Gilbertson
If you need to print gifts for your family, Shutterfly is having a sitewide 50 percent off sale. We're fans of Shutterfly's book printing service, which had the best results so far in our testing of photo printing services. We also like the calendars. The printing is good enough, especially for the price, and shipping is generally speedy. —Scott Gilbertson
Amazon Cyber Monday Deals
Walmart Cyber Monday Deals
Best Buy Cyber Monday Deals
Target Cyber Monday Deals
Nordstrom Cyber Monday Deals
REI Cyber Week Sale
Adorama Cyber Monday Sale
Moment Cyber Monday Sale
10% Off Wayfair Promo Code with sign-up
20% off Dyson Promo Code
$50 Off In-Person Tax Prep When You Switch From Your Tax Current Provider
Up to $500 off cameras at Canon
Save extra 10% Off TurboTax
Exclusive: Up To 50% Off 6 Boxes With Factor Promo Code
More From WIRED
Reviews and Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. WIRED may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices