The second Final Four matchup pits the defending champs UConn against a high-octane attack in Alabama. Our March Madness picks believe an uptempo style of play will suit the Huskies just fine as they eclipse their team total. 
This article contains predictions for an old game!
The Connecticut Huskies are seeking to become the first back-to-back March Madness bracket champions in 16 years when they head to Glendale, AZ for the Final Four tonight.
Standing in UConn’s way in this evening's semifinal are the No. 4 Alabama Crimson Tide, who are outsiders in the Final Four odds.
March Madness odds have the Huskies as hefty 11.5-point favorites, with Connecticut not only rolling over foes but blowing point spreads out of the water. The Huskies are a perfect 4-0 ATS in the NCAA Tournament and 14-2 ATS in their last 16 games overall.
I break down the college basketball odds for this national semifinal showdown and give my best Final Four picks and predictions for Alabama vs. UConn tonight. Check out Rohit Ponnaiya's Alabama vs. UConn props picks for even more analysis ahead of tip-off.
A showdown with Alabama in the desert has prompted oddsmakers to set one of the tallest point totals for the UConn Huskies this season, and with it comes a larger team total for the defending champs.
After staying short of the closing 81.5-point team total in the 77-52 blasting of Illinois in the Elite Eight, books are sticking Connecticut with a team O/U at 85.5 points. It’s a warranted number considering the pace of play and potential for a shootout that the Crimson Tide bring to the table.
Connecticut isn’t known for its pace (315th) but has no qualms about adopting a faster style against opponents that want to get out and run – especially those like Alabama, who aim to out-score not out-defend.
This is the tallest game total UConn has drawn since a 164-point closing number against Arkansas-Pine Bluff (18th fastest tempo) back in December. Connecticut won that game 101-63 and just went Over a hulking team total of 100.5 points. 
The Huskies haven’t played any foes with a gear that comes close to Alabama. Xavier was the highest-ranked Big East team in terms of tempo rating at KenPom.com (31st) and UConn finished with outputs of 80, 87, and 99 points – all surpassing the Huskies’ respective TT for those games against a Musketeers defense far stingier than Alabama.
Connecticut scored 84 points against New Hampshire (25th in tempo) in non-conference play, staying below the closing team total of 91.5 O/U thanks to a 4-for-28 game from 3-point range. But it did surpass the team total of 78.5 O/U against North Carolina (42nd in tempo) with an 87-point performance against a defense ranked No. 8 in the country.
The Huskies are the most adaptable offense in college hoops and take what opponents give it. And when it comes to the Crimson Tide’s defense, only Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny give more.
Alabama has allowed scores of 82, 87, and 96 in three of the four NCAA games, with opponents Clemson, UNC, and Charleston not exactly shooting the lights out in those matchups. Going back to SEC play, the Tide have hemorrhaged buckets with nine of their last 14 foes scoring 85 points or more in regulation.
Game models forecast between 84.5 and 86 points from UConn versus Alabama, which I believe is selling the No. 1 team in offensive efficiency short and giving too much credit to a bad Bama defense. 
The pace of play alone will give the Huskies a surplus of shot attempts. When you factor in that Alabama will be the third softest defense UConn has faced since Big East play started (ahead of Stetson and DePaul), my projection calls for 91-plus from Connecticut on Saturday night.
Some books have UConn’s team total as high as 86.5 (Over -120) but you can find 85.5 Over -110 at Pinnacle.
My best bet: UConn team total Over 85.5 (-110 at Pinnacle)
UConn team total Over 86.5Mark Sears Over 2.5 threesTristen Newton Over 6.5 rebounds
While this team total isn’t as low as our “best bet”, my forecast is 90-plus points for UConn in the Final Four. The Huskies will get whatever they want against the Tide. Given the game script, Alabama will be playing from behind. That means Alabama will press even harder from beyond the arc. Mark Sears has shot a ton of triples in the tournament and has made three or more in three of four NCAA games. An uptick in tempo and plenty of field goal attempts means more rebounds. With Bama leaning into the triples, we’ll see longer rebounds coming off. Those will make their way to guards like Newton, who is forecasted for more than seven boards.
Learn how to bet a same-game parlay with these helpful tips and strategies.
Bet on college basketball with DraftKings and Pinnacle
  US OnlyGet $150 instantlyBy wagering $5+ on your first bet!Claim Now 
 Canadian Users OnlyPlay with the most competitive oddsand highest limitsSign up Now 
Eligible locations only. Also, see our full list of best sportsbook promotions for 2024.21+. Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Connecticut has gone Over its Team Total in 13 of its last 22 games (+3.95 Units). Find more college basketball betting trends for Alabama vs. UConn.
Not intended for use in MA.Affiliate Disclosure: Covers may receive advertising commissions for visits to a sportsbook or betting site.
Play at Pinnacle: Offering 25 + years of betting experience
Make your March Madness wagers at Pinnacle, which offers Canadians unbeatable value with the most competitive odds in the industry and high limits — come find out why Pinnacle is home to better odds and better payouts!
In his 20 years with Covers, lead NFL betting analyst “JLo” has seen it all and bet it all. Through the wild west of early Internet gambling to lobbying for legalized sports betting to our brave new wagering world, Jason has been a consistent source of actionable info and entertainment for squares and sharps alike.
Since joining the Covers team back in 2005, he’s honed his handicapping skills to provide audiences with the most thorough insights, blending traditional capping methods with advanced modelling and predictive analysis. Jason has studied the ins and outs of the sports betting business, learning from some of the most successful gamblers in the industry and the biggest sportsbook operators on the planet.
He is under center for Covers during NFL season as our top NFL expert, taking the points in his infamous “NFL Underdogs” column and representing the Covers Community at the Super Bowl. While he lives for football season, Jason’s first love is basketball and that shows in his in-depth NBA, NCAA, and WNBA betting breakdowns.
On top of being a mainstay in media from coast to coast – WPIX, PHL17, Fox 5 San Diego, WGNO, TSN, SportsNet, ESPN Radio – he’s had his analysis featured in USA Today, MSNBC, ESPN, the Wall Street Journal, CBS, Bloomberg, the L.A. Times, the New York Times and other major publications. You can also find JLo stuffing all the top picks and predictions he can into 10 minutes as the host of Covers’ flagship podcast, The Sharp 600.
His best advice for bettors new and old is “Handicapping isn’t a ‘one size fits all’ process. The impact and importance of information varies from bet to bet. Treat each wager different than the last.”

                    If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on
                                this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide
                                any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in
                                your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner
                                of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.