With every new year comes artists that release new music. To help support the music, they typically announce tours that coincide with it, allowing fans to catch their favorite artists in different cities to perform the new tunes and the classics. 
While some artists are using the stage as a farewell, others are bringing fans into a new era. Here is a list of tours that are sure to be the hottest tickets in town.
After a six-year hiatus since his previous album Man of the Woods, Justin Timberlake is back with his sixth studio album Everything I Thought I Was. In support of his new album, Timberlake is hitting the road across North America with his "The Forget Tomorrow World Tour." The singer will start his trek on April 29th in Vancouver and end on July 9th in Kentucky. 
Just two years since her previous album Traumazine, the world's resident hottie Megan Thee Stallion is heating up the charts with her latest single "Hiss." Upon the heels of her latest release, Megan interviewed with Good Morning America and revealed that her new album is on the way and she'll be embarking on the "Hot Girl Summer Tour."
2024 might be the year of Usher. After being crowned the king of Las Vegas due to his three-year sold-out residency at Caesar’s Palace and MGM Dolby Live, in late 2023 the NFL announced Usher as the halftime show performer for Super Bowl LVIII. Shortly after the halftime news, Usher announced he would be releasing his ninth album Coming Home, and embarking on his worldwide "Past, Present, Future" tour set to kick off in August. For fans still eager to secure tickets, the R&B legend has partnered with Rémy Martin on a nationwide sweepstakes, giving fans the opportunity to win tickets to select tour dates. By the way, Usher's halftime performance at SB LVIII was a rousing success.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers are keeping their fans fed with live shows. "The Unlimited Love Tour" started back in 2022 and continued through 2023, and the band has continued to extend it this year with an additional 16 shows. This time around, they're bringing a few special guests along, including Kid Cudi, Ice Cube, Ken Carson, and more. The Red Hot Chili Peppers will wrap the tour up on July 30th in St. Louis.
In October 2023, reggaeton star Bad Bunny announced his upcoming "Most Wanted Tour" to help promote his latest album Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana. Bad Bunny started his North America trek on February 21st, which will run through May 26th. When he made an Instagram post promoting the tour, he made it clear saying, “If you’re not a real fan, don’t come.” 
In 2023, Janet Jackson embarked on her sold-out "Together Again" tour with special guest Ludacris. Well, she’s bringing the tour back again, and this time she’s bringing Nelly along for the ride. Jackson and Nelly will trek across 35 cities including Chicago, New Orleans, Toronto, and Los Angeles. 
Adele’s Las Vegas residency began back in late 2022, and her final shows in Sin City will end this year. Although tickets on Ticketmaster for her shows are currently sold out, fans can still snag tickets on secondary platforms like Vivid Seats and StubHub. The "Weekends with Adele" residency will have its final show on June 15th. 
After reuniting at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, rock band Blink-182 embarked on a tour and plan to make it a second time around. With the release of their latest album One More Time, it’s the perfect time to give their fans another chance to see them across stadiums and arenas worldwide. The tour is set to begin on June 20th in Orlando, Fla., and will end on August 30th in Glasgow, U.K. 
Thanks to the success of their 2023 collaboration “First Person Shooter,” Drake and J. Cole are hitting the road for their "It's All A Blur Tour—Big as the What?" tour. While Drake recently wrapped up his joint tour with 21 Savage, this time around, he and Cole are touring cities in smaller markets. The tour will begin on February 2nd in Tampa, Fla., and end on April 16th in Denver, Co. 
Summertime is always a great time to see your favorite bands. Rock band Foo Fighters are taking over stadiums across 10 cities, with opening act appearances from The Pretenders and The Hives. "The Everything or Nothing at All Tour" will kick off on July 17th in New York City and close out on August 18th in Seattle. 
While 2024 marks the end of Billy Joel’s long-running Madison Square Garden residency, he’s still taking his show on the road across several stadiums. For a few of the select shows, Joel will be joined by legendary acts Sting and Stevie Nicks. 
After a five-year hiatus since her previous album Queen, Nicki Minaj returned in 2023 with her long-awaited album Pink Friday 2. To help celebrate the new album, Minaj’s fan base (the Barbz) is in for a treat as she embarks on "The Pink Friday 2 World Tour" starting in March. Minaj is also slated to make appearances at festivals like Rolling Loud California and Dreamville. 
Even after six decades since their first U.S. tour, The Rolling Stones are still in high demand for live shows. The rock band is set to hit the road on a 16-city tour to support their latest album Hackney Diamonds. The tour will run from April 28th through July 17th. 
The time has come to say farewell to Sum 41. Back in May 2023, the band announced they would be calling it quits as a group. After the release of their album Heaven :x: Hell, they announced their final shows as "Tour of the Setting Sun." Joined by special guest The Interrupters, the tour is set to take place across Asia, Europe, and North America. 
In December 2023, Dreamville artist Bas released his long-awaited fourth album We Only Talk About Real S—t  When We’re F—d  Up which featured several collaborations alongside J. Cole, Amaarae, Adekunle Gold, and more. To help support the album, Bas is taking his music on the road with a 23-city North America tour. Bas will begin the tour on March 3rd in Dallas and wrap up on April 9th in New York. 
Just two years after her first headlining tour, rising star Olivia Rodrigo is embarking on her "GUTS World Tour." In celebration of her sophomore album Guts, she will take on 77 shows, joined by openers The Breeders, Chappell Roan, PinkPantheress, and Remi Wolf. Rodrigo began the tour on February 23rd in Thousand Palms and will wrap it up on August 17th in Inglewood. 
In support of his latest album Standing Room Only, country legend Tim McGraw is bringing his talent to the stage. The three-time Grammy winner’s tour will begin on March 14th in Jacksonville and end on June 27th in Phoenix. 
For the R&B lovers, get ready to hear love ballads and smooth jams from two of the genre’s finest, Tamia and Joe. The tour kicked off on February 9th in Washington D.C. and will end on May 4th in St. Louis. 
Pop singer Tate McRae has been on a hot streak in 2023. From her hit song “Greedy,” to releasing her sophomore album Think Later, to an epic Saturday Night Live performance, it seems like McRae is ready to take her career to another level. This year, she's set to embark on the "Think Later" 2024 tour, which kicks off April 17th in Dublin, Ireland. Joining McRae as her opening acts will be charlieonnafriday and Presley Regier. 
Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band postponed their 2023 tour after the singer had to treat a health matter, but the band is ready to take their show on the road this year. The tour is set to kick off on March 19th in Phoenix, Arizona, and other cities on the trek will include San Diego, Pittsburgh, Washington, D.C., and more. 
Green Day is headed out for a stadium tour and they’re bringing a few friends with them. The pop-punk trio will embark on the "Saviors Tour" that will include acts Rancid and The Linda Lindas, as well as The Smashing Pumpkins. In support of the band’s newest album Saviors, the North American leg of the tour will kick off on July 29th in Washington, D.C. 
Country music fans, get ready to unite as Jewel and Melissa Etheridge co-headline a tour for the summer. The North America tour is set to kick off on July 11th in Montana and will end on October 5th in Arkansas. 
Mya Singleton is a freelance music journalist and social strategist based in the Bay Area, with experience covering R&B and hip-hop.  Her reporting has appeared in several publications including Yardbarker, The Sports Fan Journal, AXS, and Hollywood Unlocked.  With a career spanning over ten years, she’s covered concerts across the West Coast and interviewed some of the entertainment industry’s leading figures including Anderson 
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!