Don't resign yourself to a Cruel Summer; the Going Out team are here to make your Wildest Dreams come true with last-chance Taylor Swift tickets for The Eras Tour London dates.
We know something Sweeter Than Fiction: securing tickets to Taylor Swift's The Eras Tour in London this August. Naysayers said it couldn't be done, they said that The Eras Tour had sold out, but the naysayers underestimate the RadioTimes.com Going Out team's ability to secure tickets.
The Eras Tour sees the Love Story singer revisit various 'eras' from her career, spanning time periods such as the Taylor Swift/Debut Era (2006-2009), Speak Now Era (2010-2012), Reputation Era (2017-2018), and Folklore Era (2020-2022). The mighty tour began in March 2023, and has seen the 34-year-old perform in America, Mexico and South America, and she's currently in Warsaw.
With glowing reviews such as this one from Billboard: "The most dominant artist in popular music has used this live run to reflect on the various iterations of her career to date, and the achievement is often staggering, with costume changes, set-piece upheaval, vulnerable moments in a crowd of thousands and sing-alongs that will rival the scope of any tour this year". It's no surprise that The Eras Tour has already broken records, becoming the highest-grossing tour by a woman and second highest-grossing tour overall.
So, how can you be a part of this once-in-a-lifetime experience?
With Ticketmaster selling out of The Eras Tour London tickets, the Going Out team turns to reputable VIP and hospitality ticket sites, Seat Unique and Daimani. Seat Unique offers VIP access to worldwide live events, such as Dua Lipa tickets and Anthony Joshua tickets, and the ticketing site boasts an impressive 4.4 star rating on Trustpilot. Similarly, Daimani hosts VIP and hospitality tickets for sporting, music and cultural events in Italy, New York, Paris, London and more. Daimani has a 4.7 star rating on Trustpilot and doesn't charge any service fees or other costs related to your purchase.
Are you ready to make Sparks Fly? Here's how to get your hands on Swift London tickets.
Did you know two of Taylor Swift's opening acts, Sabrina Carpenter and Gracie Abrams, have announced UK tours? Here's how to get Sabrina Carpenter tickets and Gracie Abrams tickets.
Jump to:
If you're yet to secure tickets to the tour on everybody's lips, The Eras Tour, and if the Disney Plus release of Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour movie isn't quite cutting it, we know how to secure last-minute tickets to Swift's London concerts.
Sign up for our Going Out newsletter to receive the latest updates on new ticket releases, plus inspiration for how to spend your weekend.
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
With 11 original studio albums, four re-recorded albums, five EPs, and four live albums, the Blank Space singer certainly has plenty of songs to fill a headline concert.
But just how long is an Eras Tour concert? Each The Eras Tour show is three and a half hours long, made up with a set list of 44 songs divided into 10 distinct acts that represent Swift's various eras.
Shopping for a Swiftie? These are the best Taylor Swift gifts.
As you might expect, with The Eras Tour London tickets already sold out, hospitality and VIP tickets are quite expensive. Although hospitality tickets provide a more special experience in comparison to the standard ticket, it's important to know you're getting your money's worth.
At the time of writing (Friday 2nd August), Seat Unique hospitality tickets will set you back from £2,999, and Daimani hospitality tickets will cost from £1,437. So what does this get you?
At Seat Unique, you can get a Shared Box for £2,999, which will secure you: shared use of an eight seater box, views of the big screen, complimentary beers, paired wines and Prosecco, pre-concert full catering menu with light bites served throughout, comfortable seats, private bathroom, personal host, and fast track exit.
Also at Seat Unique, there's a Private Box for £3,999, which is the same as above except with a private eight seater box.
There are Gold, Diamond and Premium hospitality packages available at Seat Unique, too - however, you have to enquire about the pricing for these.
At Daimani, there's Club Wembley tickets from £1,437, which gives you a premium and padded seat, early access, lounge food as well as premium dining options available throughout the concert, and access to bars.
Looking for more exciting things to do in the capital city? Here are the best open air cinemas, best London theatre shows, and top London walking tours.
Don't think Would've, Could've, Should've when it comes to securing The Eras Tour tickets! Hospitality tickets from Seat Unique and Daimani are on sale right now, so snap them up while you can.
For more great ticketing guides, take a look at how to get cheap concert tickets, how to beat the Ticketmaster queue, and how does the American Express pre-sale work. And don't forget about Sabrina Carpenter final ticket sale.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!