Cody Dickinson, Gracie Abrams, Kehlani, Grateful Dead, Frank Zappa and an all-star tribute to Tom Petty are also on today’s new releases list.
 By Team JamBase Jun 21, 2024 • 7:15 am PDT
Each week Release Day Picks profiles new LPs and EPs Team JamBase will be checking out on release day Friday. This week we highlight new albums by Lake Street Dive, Jim Lauderdale, Pond, Peso Pluma, Lawrence, Cody Dickinson, Gracie Abrams, Kehlani, Grateful Dead, Frank Zappa and an all-star tribute to Tom Petty. Read on for more insight into the records we have ready to spin.
Lake Street Dive return with Good Together, the five-piece band’s new album, available now on Fantasy Records. The band — vocalist Rachael Price, bassist Bridget Kearney, keyboardist Akie Bermiss, guitarist James Cornelison and drummer Mike Calabrese — worked with previous collaborator Mike Elizondo on the 11-track Good Together. The album is the first with Cornelison, who joined the group after the 2021 departure of co-founding member Mike “McDuck” Olson. Coming together at Calabrese’s Vermont home, for the first time the band worked collectively on songwriting from the start of the creation process. “At first it was terrifying to write together in the same room,” Price said. “But as soon as we got started it felt so fun. We very quickly realized, ‘Oh, we need to do this again and again.’” The new album expresses the band’s self-described “joyful rebellion” ethos.
“There’s a lot to be angry about in the world right now, a lot of pain and rage and divisiveness, but it isn’t sustainable to constantly live in that anger—you need something else to keep you going,” Calabrese stated. “Joy is a great way to sustain yourself, and we wanted to encourage everyone to stay aware of that. In a way this album is our way of saying, ‘Take your joy very seriously.’”
Veteran singer-songwriter Jim Lauderdale released his 37th album, My Favorite Place. Among those backing Lauderdale on My Favorite Place are members of his touring band The Game Changers, which includes guitarists Craig Smith and Frank Rische, bassist Jay Weaver, drummer Dave Racine and vocalist Lillie Mae Rische. Produced by Lauderdale and Weaver, the 11-track album was recorded at Nashville’s Blackbird Studio. 
Australian psych-rockers Pond released a new album, Stung!, on Spinning Top Records. Pond began work on Stung! rather piecemeal before ramping things up in a more cohesive fashion at drummer Jay “GUM” Watson’s home studio. Pond brought their 10th studio album to the finish line at a friend’s newly minted state-of-the-art studio in the scenic Australian surfing hub of Dunsborough south of the band’s hometown of Perth. The album’s title, Stung!, came from an inside joke within the band about having a crush on someone or something. Frontman Nicholas Allbrook gave a real life example of the concept, which lead him to write new single, “(I’m) Stung.”
“I wrote most of this while mowing someone’s lawn. I went home and put my fingers on the piano and pretty much played the base of it first go. This is a very rare and special treat and buoyed me for weeks. It’s funny because I had a mad crush on someone, and they dropped me like a sack of shit and this song just flew down and clocked me right in the forehead and I felt totally better. Then Gin and Gum added all their magic – cool sounds, passing chords.
“It’s about being totally pathetically stung by someone and just having to be cool with it being unrequited. Being resilient, accepting that you are a bit of a goose, but life goes on.”
Éxodo is the fourth album by Mexican vocalist Peso Pluma, available today through Double P Records. The double album features 24 tracks broken into two distinct sections. The first 16 tracks present regional Mexican and corridos tumbados, followed by eight tracks of Latin trap and reggaeton. The begging part of the album sees features by Junior H, Eslabon Armado, Jasiel Nuñez, Neton Vega, Tito Double P, Joel de la P, Luis R. Conriquez, Óscar Maydon, Chino Pacas, Estevan Plazola, Iván Cornejo, Natanael Cano and Gabito Ballesteros. The latter part of the double LP, which follows Pluma’s critically and commercially successful 2023 album Génesis, showcases features by Cardi B, Quavo, Rich the Kid, DJ Snake, Arcángel, Anitta, Ryan Castro and Kenia Os. 
“From the beginning, I’ve liked doing things to get out of my comfort zone,” Pluma told Rolling Stone. “I know everything goes great with corridos, but I also don’t pass up opportunities to do other stuff I like.”
New York City-based soul-pop outfit Lawrence‘s fourth album, Family Business, arrived today on Jon Bellion’s label Beautiful Mind Records. The eight-person band led by siblings Gracie Lawrence and Clyde Lawrence worked with Bellion on their previous album, 2021’s Hotel TV. According to the band, “Family Business is their direct answer to the band’s most asked question: ‘what’s it like to work alongside your sibling?” Regarding the title track, the band stated:
“‘Family Business’ acts as a theme song of sorts for the whole album, and pulls together a lot of our favorite influences from soul and Motown music to Broadway show tunes to sitcom theme songs. It’s our tongue-in-cheek celebration of the unusual operation that Lawrence is — a band full of friends and family staying up late every night to not only make music and play shows, but also learn how to run a DIY business together.” 
Homemade is North Mississippi Allstars drummer Cody Dickinson‘s solo debut album that came out today on Strong Place Music. Cody, who plays with his brother Luther Dickinson in NMA, reflects on family with Homemade. Cody Dickinson played every instrument on Homemade and also handled production and mixing duties, fittingly at his home studio in Mississippi. Also apropos, Cody got a little help from his 1-year-old daughter Mavis who provided artwork for the album and added her voice to the track “Goodbye Albuquerque Tuesday Night.”  Dickinson also brought in Southern Avenue vocalist Tikyra Jackson to provide her vocal expertise on two tracks, “Can’t Feel At Home” and lead single “Walk Right In.” The solo record gives Cody a chance to step into the spotlight so to speak.
“I’ve made a career out of collaborating,” Cody stated. “If I’m working in film or TV, my job is to support creative people and help them realize their vision. If I’m working as a musician, I’m getting behind the drums and literally backing up someone else. Most of my life has been spent supporting.”
The Secret of Us is singer-songwriter Gracie Abrams’ sophomore album, available today on Interscope Records. The follow-up to her 2023 debut album, Good Riddance, sees the 24-year-old once again working with producer Aaron Dessner of The National. Dessner’s frequent collaborator, Taylor Swift appears on the The Secret Of Us track “Us.” Abrams recently opened for Swift on a portion of the latter’s Eras Tour. Abrams co-wrote some of the songs on the new 13-track record with her longtime friend Audrey Hobert. 
 Kehlani released their fourth album, Crash, today through Atlantic Records. The new release follows the singer-songwriter’s 2022 album, Blue Water Road. Featuring 12 new tracks, Crash includes guest spots by the likes of Jill Scott, Young Miko and Omah Lay, with production provided by Khristopher Riddick-Tynes, Alex Goldblatt and others. Kehlani addressed the new album on Instagram, writing:
“This album got a [lot of] different directions and that’s me. A lot of different sounds and that’s me. A lot of different colors and that’s me. I always been told I don’t fit a mold and no one can figure me out, and the moment I embraced that instead of refuting it I had the most fun. I had the most fun making this. Becoming the person refined during this process. Usually I’d maybe say a rebirth but I’m not sure I did that, I’m almost positive I simply freed myself. I’m simply the most free.”
Commemorating the 50th anniversary of their 1974 Grateful Dead studio album, From The Mars Hotel, is today’s release of a remastered reissue of the album via Rhino complete with unearthed material from the vault. The follow-up to 1973’s Wake Of The Flood features a number of songs that became staples for the Dead including “Scarlet Begonias,” “China Doll,” “U.S. Blues” and “Ship Of Fools.” From The Mars Hotel (50th Anniversary Deluxe Edition) collects remastered audio of the original album by Grammy-winning engineer David Glaser, demos of “China Doll” and ” “Wave That Flag,” the song that became “U.S. Blues,” along with previously unreleased audio of the band’s May 12, 1974 concert at the University of Nevada-Reno. The first Wall of Sound show since March ’74 was held at a large football stadium with highlights including a stellar “China Cat Sunflower” > “I Know You Rider,” uptempo “Truckin'” and outstanding “The Other One” that featured a “Mind Left Body Jam.” 
According to a press release, “In 1968, an ad from Frank Zappa in the L.A. Free Press read: ‘The Mothers of Invention cordially invite you to join them on Tuesday, July 23, 1968 when they will be taking over the Whisky a Go Go for 5 full hours of unprecedented merriment, which will be secretly recorded for an upcoming record album. Dress optional. Starting sometime in the evening. R.S.V.D.T.’” The intended Frank Zappa & The Mothers of Invention live album never fully materialized, remaining mostly unheard before today’s release of Whisky a Go Go, 1968 through Zappa Records/UMe. Produced by Ahmet Zappa and Vaultmeister Joe Travers, Whisky a Go Go, 1968 contains the entire three set concert performed nearly 56 years ago. The album comes with Travers’ extensive liner notes and an essay by Pamela Des Barres of The GTO’s — the Zappa-signed group who also performed that night at the Whisky. Also included is an interview with the Alice Cooper, whose band was also on the bill at the Whisky that night. 
“It truly was a night of nights,” as Travers wrote in the liner notes. “The Mothers performance wasn’t perfect, but very good. Frank was in good spirits, the band played well, and the sequence of songs did capture the group’s live repertoire of the time.”
“[L]isten to all of this album in its entirety and try to envision the Whisky a Go Go that long ago night,” Des Barres wrote in her essay. “It happened in a space and time that will never come again, so buckle up, baby, close your eyes, let your imagination soar, and set your freak free.”
 Petty Country: A Country Music Celebration Of Tom Petty is a Tom Petty tribute album featuring his songs recorded by an all-star roster of country musicians. Released today by Big Machine records, Petty Country includes covers from some of the late rocker’s closest friends and collaborators including Dolly Parton, George Strait, Steve Earle, Willie Nelson with Lukas Nelson, Marty Stuart and The Heartbreakers’ Mike Campbell and Benmont Tench. Contemporary stars Luke Combs, Chris Stapleton, Wynonna Judd, Carly Pearce, Lady A, Margo Price, Rhiannon Giddens, Thomas Rhett, Dierks Bentley and Lainey Wilson also contributed to the album. 
 Everything you need to
 Go See Live Music
  Personalized music news & recommendations 
 Create a free account or log in.
 Join or log in via email.
 Not you?
 Forgot password?
 Let’s create your account to get started.
  8 or more characters
  At least 1 letter
  At least 1 number
 We’ll only send you notifications you opt into.
  Valid phone number
 By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.