It’s been quite a while since Gracie Abrams let us in on the secret of her new album: “The Secret of Us.” From her honest lyricism to her folk-pop sounds, Abrams’ stardom is no longer her fans’ little secret.
Since Abrams’ last album, “Good Riddance,” she’s seen crowds ranging from 100 to 100,000. Her “Good Riddance” tour was a phenomenon filled with bows, long flowing skirts and even performances of unreleased music.
It would be ignorant not to mention the astounding impact opening for Taylor Swift at The Eras Tour has had on Abrams’ career. She joined Swift on her tour on April 23 and will continue until November 24.
Abrams praised Swift in an interview with Elle, saying, “Being in Taylor’s orbit for the summer completely altered every single thing for me. It informed so much about how I went about writing this next album.”
One glance at the tracklist and two pieces stand out as familiar titles, “Risk” and “Close To You.”
“Risk” first debuted at a concert in Madrid. TikTok took wind of the catchy song and fans demanded a release. With a similar story, “Close To You” was another highly anticipated release. Both songs highlight the complex feelings that come with a crush: giddiness, obsession and yearning.
Although “Good Riddance” and “The Secret Of Us” are the same genre of pop and indie/alternative, the lyricism and upbeat sounds feel like the start of a new age for Abrams. With so much new music to dissect, there are a few standouts.
“Blowing Smoke” is a track for anyone who has thought to themselves, “I could treat you better,” or the classic, “I know you better than they do.” We’ve all been there and so has Abrams. Highlighting the jealousy and pettiness that could come with love, Abrams relates to fans with her simple yet real words.
We all remember the heartbreaking bridge of Abrams’ single “I miss you, I’m sorry.” Four years later, Abrams returns with “I love you, I’m sorry.” Abrams writes to the past lover, “You were the best but you were the worst,” continuing with, “Thankful you don’t send someone to kill me.” While listening to the song, I noticed blame being bottled in her but also thrown onto the other person involved.
Abrams has drawn inspiration from her mentor Taylor Swift, not only in her performances but even in the way she organizes albums. Track five, which Swift reserves for her most personal songs on each album, features a surprise collaboration with Swift herself. “Us,” the thesis of the album, raises the question, “Do you miss us?” With its folksy guitar additions and fast-paced beats, Abrams may have created a staple for not only her fans but Swift’s fanbase as well.
What an exciting album drop in the midst of a pop-girl summer. This album’s coming-of-age theme makes it an exceptional addition to Abrams’ catalog. With new albums galore this year, take the time to make your own analysis of Gracie Abrams’ “The Secret Of Us.”
[email protected]
@haileyedmonds8
 Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Δ