V’s New Music Friday picks for the third week of June 
V’s New Music Friday picks for the third week of June 
The third week of June boasts some of this summer’s hottest new releases thus far. Gracie Abrams’ highly-anticipated sophomore album featuring a collaboration with none other than Taylor Swift is finally out! Meanwhile, a host of other artists are teaming up for incredible duets that are sure to keep fans buzzing about them all season long – between the iconic Brandy & Monica featured on Ariana Grande’s new remix, Charli XCX & Lorde, Maren Morris & Julia Michaels, and Post Malone & Blake Shelton, this week is jam-packed with iconic pairings. Add these new releases and more to your June playlist below!
Ariana Grande is back with a new remix of her hit eternal sunshine song “the boy is mine” featuring the Grammy-winning duo Brandy and Monica, whose 1998 single of the same name became the best-selling song of the year and the best-selling female duet of all time. Fresh off their special appearance in Grande’s music video earlier this month, Brandy and Monica are finally adding their vocals to her track in an incredible collaboration.
Two weeks after releasing the fan-favorite track “Close To You,” Gracie Abrams’ long-awaited sophomore album is finally here. While the title track features writing and vocals from Taylor Swift herself, the album in its entirety feels like a bold new chapter for Abrams, as she steps into a co-producing role alongside frequent collaborator Aaron Dessner.
When Charli XCX included “Girl, so confusing” on her acclaimed BRAT album earlier this month, fans instantly noticed that many signs pointed to the track being about fellow singer Lorde, who Charli has often been compared to throughout her career. So when Lorde suddenly appeared to “work it out on the remix,” the “internet [went] crazy” as she predicted in the lyrics. The two artists delve into the complexities of navigating female friendship while avoiding judgment and jealousy on what makes for a stunning addition to an already impressive album.
In a stark sonic departure for Maren Morris, she collaborates this week with Julia Michaels on the first single of her upcoming EP “intermission” due August 2. “cut!” employs her typical style of brutally-honest songwriting with a refreshing twist, following the news of her public divorce last fall which came after her decision to move away from the country industry.
Post Malone is back with a new single featuring Blake Shelton following the duo’s CMA Fest performance, which will air this week on ABC. Along with the single, Malone announced that his debut country album, F-1 Trillion, is due August 16. His latest collaboration comes after his previous country duet with Morgan Wallen has held the #1 spot on the Hot 100 for five consecutive weeks and garnered over a billion streams thus far.
Indie-pop darling The Japanese House is back with her latest single, a thematic departure marking the first look into a new era of music. The romantic, country-inspired track is produced by George Daniel of The 1975 and The Japanese House herself. The release follows a run of tour dates opening for Maggie Rogers as well as performances at major music festivals like Coachella and Bonnaroo.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!