By 

	Tomás Mier


Gracie Abrams is giving a second life to The Secret of Us. On Tuesday, the musician announced that she’ll be releasing a deluxe version of the album, featuring four new songs and three live versions of tracks. It arrives Friday.

	Along with the original 13 tracks on the album, Abrams will include previously unreleased songs “Cool,” “That’s So True,” “I Told You Things,” and “Packing It Up” on the deluxe version. The new packaging will also include live Vevo recordings of album standouts “I Love You, I’m Sorry,” “I Knew It, I Know You,” and “Free Now.”

	“I could float away,” she wrote on Instagram, revealing the updated track list. “I am so excited.”
A post shared by Gracie Abrams (@gracieabrams)

	Abrams has been performing one of the deluxe tracks, “That’s So True,” on the road during the U.S. dates of her Secret of Us tour. She’s set to open for Taylor Swift, her “Us” collaborator, on the Eras Tour later this month. She’ll then go on a European tour in February 2025.

	










	The deluxe version of Secret of Us also features a slightly altered cover photo of Abrams leaning her mouth on her knuckle and featuring baby blue font, instead of the original yellow lettering. Abrams dropped the standard edition of the record in June, featuring production from Aaron Dessner and songwriting credits for her best friend Audrey Hobert.

	“The folky-pop LP is a proper showcase of Abrams’ songwriting, sharpening up some of the clichés and adolescent metaphors from her debut,” Rolling Stone said in a review of the album. “The songs are a complex picture of a relationship gone sour, full of heartbreak songs that capture the messiness of dating in your early twenties.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








Secret of Us Deluxe Track List

	1. “Felt Good About You”2. “Risk”3. “Blowing”4. “I Love You, I’m Sorry”5. “us.” feat. Taylor Swift6. “Let It Happen”7. “Tough Love”8. “I Knew It, I Know You”9. “Gave You I Gave You I”10. “Normal Thing”11. “Good Luck Charlie”12. “Free Now”13. “Close to You”14. “Cool”15. “That’s So True”16. “I Told You Things”17. “Packing It Up”18. “I Love You, I’m Sorry (Live From Vevo)”19. “I Knew It, I Know You (Live From Vevo)”20. “Free Now (Live From Vevo)”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.