By MATTHEW COX and SONIA HORON 
 Published:  10:06, 5 February 2024   |  Updated:  10:28, 5 February 2024   
 28
View  comments
Taylor Swift cuddled up to to Celine Dion backstage at the Grammys, despite going viral for blanking the Canadian performer on stage.
The record-breaking singer, 34, had plenty to celebrate after she made history as she became the first person to win Album of the Year four times during the ceremony at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles on Sunday night.
But she received backlash from those watching the ceremony for being 'disrespectful' by 'ignoring' her fellow performer, 55, who presented her with the gong.
Celine made the surprise appearance amid her battle with stiff-person syndrome, to present the Cruel Summer hitmaker with the honour - which she won herself 27 years ago.
Taylor was nominated for her 2022 record Midnights and had prior wins with Fearless in 2009, 1989 in 2015 and Folklore in 2020.
Taylor Swift cuddled up to to Celine Dion backstage at the Grammys, despite going viral for blanking the Canadian performer on stage (pictured with Celine's son Rene-Charles Angelil)
There appeared to be no ill-feelings between the iconic pair who posed together after the ceremony after Celine presented Taylor with Album Of The Year 
Taylor received backlash from those watching the ceremony for being 'disrespectful' by 'ignoring' her fellow performer, 55, who presented her with the gong 
(WATCH) Taylor Swift wins Album of the Year #GRAMMYs pic.twitter.com/4BEtTMs3ss
Dion, 55, handed the megastar her award at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles but fans pointed out that Swift seemed to not acknowledge her - not making eye contact and turning round to celebrate the moment with her collaborators instead.
However, there appeared to be no ill-feelings as the iconic pair later posed-up happily backstage.
'Taylor Swift didn't even hug or acknowledge Celine Dion. Can't f*****g stand this t**t,' one upset fan wrote on social media afterwards. 
Others added: 'Taylor Swift completely ignoring Celine Dior like she was some trophy model presenter was #GRAMMYS was wild. She's won this three times and usually such a pro. But to ignore an icon, who is dealing with so much? Yikes...
'As someone who has defended Taylor, I can't defend this. No acknowledgment of Celine whatsoever...
'Taylor Swift will never EVER live down ignoring Celine Dion at the Grammys...
'Taylor Swift not acknowledging Celine Dion, a legend, at the Grammys, but dragging Lana [Del Rey] to that stage? Smh... 
'Taylor not acknowledging Celine and then SNATCHING the Grammy from her... JAIL.'
Dion was visibly emotional when she walked onstage with the support of eldest son Rene-Charles Angelil, 23, to cheers and a standing ovation to present Album of the Year.
She said: 'Thank you, all! I love you right back. You look beautiful. When I say I'm happy to be here, I really mean it from my heart.
'Those who have been blessed enough to be here at the Grammy Awards must never take for granted the tremendous love and joy that music brings to our lives and to people all around the world.
'And now it gives me great joy to present a Grammy Award that two legends Diana Ross and Sting presented to me 27 years ago. These are the outstanding nominees for album of the year.' 
Taylor won with her 2022 record Midnights ahead of an impressive field
She became the first person to win the accolade four times
Celine looked incredible in a terracotta coat and glittering jewelry as she clapped for Taylor
The big win made Swift the first person to ever win the top prize four times as she was previously tied with Stevie Wonder, Frank Sinatra, and Paul Simon for the record
Album Of The Year: Taylor Swift - Midnights
Record Of The Year: Miley Cyrus - Flowers
Song Of The Year: Billie Eilish - What Was I Made For?
Taylor Swift made history as she earned her fourth Album Of The Year award at the Grammy Awards 2024
Best New Artist: Victoria Monet
Best Pop Solo Performance: Miley Cyrus - Flowers
Best Pop Vocal Album: Taylor Swift - Midnights
Best R&B Song: SZA - Snooze
Best Country Albim: Lainey Wilson - Bell Bottom Country
Best Música Urbana Album: Karol G - Mañana Será Bonito
Celine then announced Swift's acclaimed album Midnights as the winner - making Grammy history as she won the award for the fourth time. 
Celine looked incredible in a terracotta coat and glittering jewelry as she was helped onto stage.
The star's fight to continue her career will be chronicled in new documentary, I Am: Celine Dion.
The hitmaker, announced in December 2022 that she had been diagnosed with stiff-person syndrome - an extremely rare disorder that makes the muscles in the torso and limbs alternate between spasming and being rigid. She revealed she would be stepping away from performing.
The new documentary - captured over more than a year of filming - follows the star as she battles to continue with normal life and her career amid her diagnosis and vows the condition 'won't define her' as she aims to raise awareness.
Swift was nominated in six categories at this year's Grammys: Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album for Midnights, Record of the Year, Song of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance for 'Anti-Hero' and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for her 'Karma' collaboration with Ice Spice.
The pop star won Best Pop Vocal Album and the night's biggest honor, Album of the Year.
Swift beat an impressive field for the latter: Boygenius - The Record, Janelle Monáe - The Age of Pleasure, Jon Batiste - World Music Radio, Lana Del Rey - Did You Know That There’s a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd,Miley Cyrus - Endless Summer Vacation, Olivia Rodrigo - Guts, and SZA - SOS.
The big win made her the first person to ever win the top prize four times having previously been level with Stevie Wonder, Frank Sinatra, and Paul Simon on three wins.
Fans quickly took online to express their thoughts as they called Swift out for ignoring the music icon
Taylor thanked her friends and many collaborators during her acceptance speech but one notable name which was missing was boyfriend Travis Kelce who will be playing in the Super Bowl on Sunday. 
She said: 'I want to say, I get to work with one of my best friends who is not only one of my best friends, but also a once in a generation producer that's Jack Antonoff. I'm so lucky. And my engineer, I want to say thank you to Sam Dew, sound wave.'
Taylor had pal Lana Del Rey join her on stage as she was also nominated in the top category and is another collaborator with Jack Antonoff.
The A-lister continued: ' Lana Del Rey who is hiding, but I think so many female artists would not be where they are or have the inspiration without the work she has done. She is a legacy artist, a legend in her prime right now. I'm so lucky to know you and to be your friend.'
The star concluded her triumphant speech by expressing her love of music from the recording studio, to performing concerts around the world, and even earning major awards.
Taylor said: ' I would love to tell you that this is the best moment in my life, but I feel this happy when I finish a song or when I cracked the code to a bridge that I love, or when I am short-listing a music video, or when I am rehearsing with my dancers or my band or getting ready to go to Tokyo to play a show.
'For me, the award is the work. All I want to do is keep being able to do this. I love it so much. It makes me so happy. It makes me unbelievably blown away that it makes some people happy who voted for this award too. All they want to do is keep doing this. So thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to do what I love so much! Mind blown! Thank you so much!'
Celine, who has stepped away from her singing career in light of her health woes, was visibly emotional as she walked onstage with the support of eldest son Rene-Charles to cheers and a standing ovation and to present Album of the Year
'Those who have been blessed enough to be here at the Grammy Awards must never take for granted the tremendous love and joy that music brings to our lives and to people all around the world' she said
Earlier in the night Swift used her 13th Grammy Award win on Sunday to announce a surprise new album coming out on April 19th 
Right after she left the stage the racy cover of the album, titled The Tortured Poet's Department, was shared to her Instagram page 
She also posted a photo of a mysterious handwritten note 
'I want to say thank you to the fans by telling you a secret that I have been keeping from you for the last two years, which is that my brand-new album comes out April 19th,' she told fans
'It's called The Tortured Poet's Department. I'm going to go and post the cover right now backstage,' she added
The star was awarded with her 13th Grammy for Best Pop Vocal Album, for her last record Midnights
During the show Taylor was seated by Jack Antonoff and Lana Del Rey
Miley Cyrus, 31, was one of the biggest winners of the night as she earned the coveted Record Of The Year and Best Pop Solo Performance for her hit track Flowers
Song Of The Year went to Billie Eilish and her brother Finneas for What Was I Made For? which was featured on the soundtrack for top grossing film of 2023 Barbie
During his acceptance speech for the Global Impact Award Jay-Z, 42, bashed the awards show for failing to ever award wife Beyoncé the coveted album of the year award, despite her multiple nominations in the category and her record-breaking number of Grammy wins
'I don't want to embarrass this young lady, but she has more Grammys than everyone and never won album of the year,' he said
SZA was the most nominated artist coming into the event with nine as she even earned two prior to the gala airing but she hit the stage first when she took home Best R&B Song bringing her total to three
An hour-and-a-half before that the A-lister earned her milestone 13th Grammy Award on Sunday evening as she dropped a huge secret that she has been keeping from her Swifties for two years. 
Taylor earned the coveted Best Pop Vocal Album for Midnights when she revealed some shocking news - announcing a new album in April.  
'I want to say thank you to the fans by telling you a secret that I have been keeping from you for the last two years, which is that my brand-new album comes out April 19th.'
'It's called The Tortured Poet's Department. I'm going to go and post the cover right now backstage.'
Keeping true to her word minutes later she shared the racy cover for her upcoming 11th studio album, which saw her laying on a bed in black underwear and a sheer black top, and caused her Instagram page to temporarily go down.
Swift started out her speech by sharing that it was her 13th award - a number she considers lucky.
'Okay, this is my 13th grammy. Which is my lucky number. I don't know if I've ever told you that.
'I want to say thank you to the members of the recording academy for voting this way, but I know that the way that the recording academy voted is a direct reflection of the passion of the fans.'
Minutes after she left the stage, the artwork for the new album was shared to her Instagram, with the caption: 'All's fair in love and poetry... New album THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT. Out April 19 [white heart emoji].'
Miley called out the audience while performing her hit track, Flowers, telling the crowd, 'Why are you acting like you don't know this song?'
Dua Lipa opened up the show with an energetic performance of new single Training Season
Billie Joel performed at the awards show for the first time in 30 years just days after he announced that he will be releasing his first song since 2007
Tracy Chapman brought down the house with a rousing rendition of her hit Fast Car 
The legendary songwriter, 59, made a rare appearance as she rocked out on stage with Luke Combs, whose cover of the 1988 song was a crossover hit in 2023
Olivia Rodrigo performed her haunting single Vampire
Eilish performed Barbie ballad What Was I Made For?
Fantasia Barrino honored Tina Turner with a rendition of her hit Proud Mary
Rapper Travis Scott was among the performers and thrilled fans with a Mad Max-style medley
She also posted a photo of a handwritten note that read: 'And so I enter into evidence / My tarnished coat of arms / My muses, acquired like bruises / My talismans and charms / The tick, tick, tick of love bombs / My veins of pitch black ink / All’s fair in love and poetry…'
She signed off the text with: 'Sincerely, The Chairman of the Tortured Poets Department.'
The album announcement received over 7 million likes in just an hour.
Taylor scooped the Best Pop Vocal Album prize ahead of Kelly Clarkson (Chemistry), Miley Cyrus (Endless Summer Vacation), Olivia Rodrigo (Guts), and Ed Sheeran ('-').
Her last album Midnights was released in 2022, marking her tenth original studio album.
Fans have been speculating that the singer will soon be re-releasing her 2017 Reputation album, as she has done with her previous records, though it seems nobody was expecting a new album announcement.
Miley Cyrus was one of the biggest winners of the night as she earned the coveted Record Of The Year and Best Pop Solo Performance for her hit track Flowers.
The 31-year-old's shining moment came toward the end of the night as she beat out an impressive field for Record Of The Year including: Billie Eilish - What Was I Made For? [from Barbie], Boygenius - Not Strong Enough, Jon Batiste - Worship, Olivia Rodrigo - Vampire, SZA - Kill Bill, Taylor Swift - Anti-Hero, and Victoria Monét - On My Mama.
Earlier in the night Miley shocked as she beat out Taylor Swift to earn the first Grammy Award of the night which also happened to be her first ever win on music's biggest night.
The Wrecking Ball singer triumphed in the Best Pop Solo Performance category for her hit track Flowers which was announced by fellow music megastar Mariah Carey.
Song Of The Year went to Billie Eilish and her brother Finneas for What Was I Made For? which was featured on the soundtrack for top grossing film of 2023 Barbie. 
Billie, 22, and her 26-year-old brother finished ahead of: Dua Lipa - Dance the Night (also from Barbie the Album), Jon Batiste - Butterfly, Lana Del Rey - A&W, Miley Cyrus - Flowers, Olivia Rodrigo - Vampire, SZA - Kill Bill, and Taylor Swift - Anti-Hero. 
Earlier in the night Swift thrilled on the red carpet in a black and white custom Schiaparelli Couture look - consisting of a strapless gown and gloves
Taylor's white gown featured ruching along the center with tie details along the back
She appeared to be wearing a Reputation coded look with the color scheme and clock choker - with the time set as midnight
Taylor posed with Lana on the red carpet; the singers collaborated on Taylor's Midnights album
Lana looked incredible in a sheer black gown that had floral accents; she paired it with bow heels and a large bow in her hair
Miley and Dua sizzled in metallic ensembles 
She paired the look with a 70s bouffant
Rodrigo, 20, wore an archival Versace gown, specifically from 1995
Doja Cat suffered a wardrobe malfunction as she hit the red carpet 
Paris Jackson, the daughter of Michael Jackson, wowed in a cut-out black gown and strappy heels
Sofia Richie Grainge made her first red carpet appearance since her pregnancy announcement; pictured with husband Elliot Grainge, who is the founder and CEO oof 10K Projects record label and the son of Lucian Grainge, the chairman and CEO of Universal Music Group
Eilish with her brother FINNEAS on the red carpet; Billie wore a Barbie emblazoned bomber jacket in honor of her song What Was I Made For? which is from the Barbie movie soundtrack and nominated for multiple Grammys. She is wearing Chrome Hearts
Beyonce and husband Jay-Z brought their daughter Blue Ivy, 12, to the Grammys
Beyonce looked beautiful in her black studded jacket and mini skirt with a cowboy hat, rocking her platinum blonde tresses; pictured with Victoria Monet
Chloe Bailey showcased her incredible figure in a gold and black one-shoulder cut-out gown while Heidi Klum flashed the flesh in a black and silver number
Kacey Musgraves looked leggy in a black strapless number with a thigh-high split 
Billy Joel arrived with wife Alexis Roderick and their daughters Della Rose, eight, and Remy Anne, six 
Mark Ronson with his wife Grace Gummer, the daughter of Meryl Streep
Chrissy Teigen wore a black and pink rosette accented gown while posing on the red carpet husband with John Legend
SZA was the most nominated artist coming into the event with nine as she even earned two prior to the gala airing but she hit the stage first when she took home Best R&B Song bringing her total to three. 
Victoria Monet beat out an impressive field including Coco Jones, Gracie Abrams, Fred Again.., Ice Spice, Jelly Roll, Noah Kahan, and The War and Treaty for Best New Artist. 
Meanwhile, during his acceptance speech for the Global Impact Award Jay-Z, 42, bashed the awards show for failing to ever award wife Beyoncé the coveted album of the year award, despite her multiple nominations in the category and her record-breaking number of Grammy wins.
'I don't want to embarrass this young lady, but she has more Grammys than everyone and never won album of the year,' he said.
Dua Lipa opened up the show with an energetic performance of new single Training Season. 
Meanwhile Miley called out the audience while performing her hit track, Flowers, telling the crowd, 'Why are you acting like you don't know this song?' 
A few seconds later, the camera briefly cut to some of the celebrities standing up and grooving to the upbeat track, including Swift. 
Tracy Chapman brought down the house with a rousing rendition of her hit Fast Car.
The legendary songwriter, 59, made a rare appearance as she rocked out on stage with Luke Combs, whose cover of the 1988 song was a crossover hit in 2023.
Eilish performed Barbie ballad What Was I Made For? while Olivia Rodrigo performed her haunting single Vampire.
Fantasia Barrino honored Tina Turner with a rendition of her hit Proud Mary.
Among other memorable performances of the night was Billie Joel, who thrilled the crowd at the awards show for the first time in 30 years just days after he announced that he will be releasing his first song since 2007. 
Album of the Year
Boygenius - The Record
Janelle Monáe - The Age of Pleasure
Jon Batiste - World Music Radio
Lana Del Rey - Did You Know That There’s a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd
Miley Cyrus - Endless Summer Vacation
Olivia Rodrigo - Guts
SZA - SOS
Taylor Swift - Midnights - WINNER
Taylor, 34, made history as she earned her fourth Album Of The Year for Midnights
Record of the Year
Billie Eilish - What Was I Made For? [From the Motion Picture “Barbie”]
Boygenius - Not Strong Enough
Jon Batiste - Worship
Miley Cyrus - Flowers - WINNER
Olivia Rodrigo - Vampire
SZA - Kill Bill
Taylor Swift - Anti-Hero
Victoria Monét - On My Mama
Song of the Year
Billie Eilish - What Was I Made For? [From the Motion Picture “Barbie”] - WINNER
Dua Lipa - Dance the Night (From Barbie the Album)
Jon Batiste - Butterfly
Lana Del Rey - A&W
Miley Cyrus - Flowers
Olivia Rodrigo - Vampire
SZA - Kill Bill
Taylor Swift - Anti-Hero
One of the biggest awards of the night - Song Of The Year- went to Billie Eilish and her brother Finneas for What Was I Made For? which was featured on the soundtrack for top grossing film of 2023 Barbie
Best New Artist
Coco Jones
Gracie Abrams
Fred Again..
Ice Spice
Jelly Roll
Noah Kahan
Victoria Monét - WINNER
The War and Treaty
Best Pop Solo Performance
Billie Eilish - What Was I Made For? [From the Motion Picture “Barbie”]
Doja Cat - Paint the Town Red
Miley Cyrus - Flowers - WINNER
Olivia Rodrigo - Vampire
Taylor Swift - Anti-Hero
Miley Cyrus was one of the biggest winners of the night as she earned the coveted Song Of The Year and Best Pop Solo Performance for her hit track Flowers
Best Pop Duo/Group Performance
Labrinth Featuring Billie Eilish - Never Felt So Alone
Lana Del Rey Featuring Jon Batiste - Candy Necklace
Miley Cyrus Featuring Brandi Carlile - Thousand Miles
SZA Featuring Phoebe Bridgers - Ghost in the Machine - WINNER
Taylor Swift Featuring Ice Spice - Karma
Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album
Bruce Springsteen - Only the Strong Survive
Laufey - Bewitched - WINNER
Liz Callaway - To Steve With Love: Liz Callaway Celebrates Sondheim
Pentatonix - Holidays Around the World
Rickie Lee Jones - Pieces of Treasure
Various - Sondheim Unplugged (The NYC Sessions), Vol. 3
Best Pop Vocal Album
Ed Sheeran - - (Subtract)
Kelly Clarkson - Chemistry
Miley Cyrus - Endless Summer Vacation
Olivia Rodrigo - Guts
Taylor Swift - Midnights - WINNER
Best Dance/Electronic Recording
Aphex Twin - Blackbox Life Recorder 21f
Disclosure - Higher Than Ever Before
James Blake - Loading
Romy & Fred Again.. - Strong
Skrillex, Fred Again.. & Flowdan - Rumble - WINNER
Best Pop Dance Recording
Bebe Rexha & David Guetta - One in a Million
Calvin Harris Featuring Ellie Goulding - Miracle
David Guetta, Anne-Marie & Coi Leray - Baby Don’t Hurt Me
Kylie Minogue - Padam Padam - WINNER
Troye Sivan - Rush
Best Dance/Electronic Music Album
James Blake - Playing Robots Into Heaven
The Chemical Brothers - For That Beautiful Feeling
Fred Again.. - Actual Life 3 (January 1 - September 9 2022) - WINNER
Kx5 - Kx5
Skrillex - Quest for Fire
Best Contemporary Instrumental Album
Béla Fleck, Zakir Hussain, Edgar Meyer, Featuring Rakesh Chaurasia - As We Speak - WINNER
Ben Wendel - All One
Bob James - Jazz Hands
House of Waters - On Becoming
Julian Lage - The Layers
Best Rock Performance
Arctic Monkeys - Sculptures of Anything Goes
Black Pumas - More Than a Love Song
Boygenius - Not Strong Enough - WINNER
Foo Fighters - Rescued
Metallica - Lux Æterna
Best Metal Performance
Disturbed - Bad Man
Ghost - Phantom of the Opera
Metallica - 72 Seasons - WINNER
Slipknot - Hive Mind
Spiritbox - Jaded
Best Rock Song
Boygenius - Not Strong Enough - WINNER
Foo Fighters - Rescued
Olivia Rodrigo - Ballad of a Homeschooled Girl
Queens of the Stone Age - Emotion Sickness
The Rolling Stones - Angry
Boygenius (pictured left to right:  Phoebe Bridgers, Lucy Dacus, and Julien Baker) earned Best Rock Song for Not Strong Enough
Best Rock Album
Foo Fighters - But Here We Are
Greta Van Fleet - Starcatcher
Metallica - 72 Seasons
Paramore - This Is Why - WINNER
Queens of the Stone Age - In Times New Roman…
Best Alternative Music Performance
Alvvays - Belinda Says
Arctic Monkeys - Body Paint
Boygenius - Cool About It
Lana Del Rey - A&W
Paramore - This Is Why - WINNER
Best Alternative Music Album
Arctic Monkeys - The Car
Boygenius - The Record - WINNER
Gorillaz - Cracker Island
Lana Del Rey - Did You Know That There’s a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd
PJ Harvey - I Inside the Old Year Dying
Best R&B Performance
Chris Brown - Summer Too Hot
Coco Jones - ICU - WINNER
Robert Glasper Featuring Sir & Alex Isley - Back to Love
SZA - Kill Bill
Victoria Monét - How Does It Make You Feel
Best Traditional R&B Performance
Babyface Featuring Coco Jones - Simple
Kenyon Dixon - Lucky
PJ Morton Featuring Susan Carol - Good Morning - WINNER
SZA - Love Language
Victoria Monét Featuring Earth, Wind & Fire & Hazel Monét - Hollywood
Best R&B Song
Coco Jones - ICU
Halle - Angel
Robert Glasper Featuring Sir & Alex Isley - Back to Love
SZA - Snooze - WINNER
Victoria Monét - On My Mama
Best Progressive R&B Album
Diddy - The Love Album: Off the Grid
Terrace Martin and James Fauntleroy - Nova
Janelle Monáe - The Age of Pleasure
SZA - SOS - WINNER
6lack - Since I Have a Lover
Best R&B Album
Babyface - Girls Night Out
Coco Jones - What I Didn’t Tell You (Deluxe)
Emily King - Special Occasion
Summer Walker - Clear 2: Soft Life EP
Victoria Monét - Jaguar II - WINNER
Best Rap Performance
Baby Keem Featuring Kendrick Lamar - The Hillbillies
Black Thought - Love Letter
Coi Leray - Players
Drake & 21 Savage - Rich Flex
Killer Mike Featuring André 3000, Future and Eryn Allen Kane - Scientists & Engineers - WINNER
Best Melodic Rap Performance
Burna Boy Featuring 21 Savage - Sittin’ on Top of the World
Doja Cat - Attention
Drake & 21 Savage - Spin Bout U
Lil Durk Featuring J. Cole - All My Life - WINNER
SZA - Low
Best Rap Song
Doja Cat - Attention
Drake & 21 Savage - Rich Flex
Killer Mike Featuring André 3000, Future and Eryn Allen Kane - Scientists & Engineers - WINNER
Lil Uzi Vert - Just Wanna Rock
Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice Featuring Aqua - Barbie World [From Barbie the Album]
Best Rap Album
Drake & 21 Savage - Her Loss
Killer Mike - Michael - WINNER
Metro Boomin - Heroes & Villains
Nas - King’s Disease III
Travis Scott - Utopia
Best Country Solo Performance
Brandy Clark - Buried
Chris Stapleton - White Horse - WINNER
Dolly Parton - The Last Thing on My Mind
Luke Combs - Fast Car
Tyler Childers - In Your Love
Best Country Duo/Group Performance
Brothers Osborne - Nobody’s Nobody
Carly Pearce Featuring Chris Stapleton - We Don’t Fight Anymore
Dierks Bentley Furingeat Billy Strings - High Note
Jelly Roll With Lainey Wilson - Save Me
Vince Gill & Paul Franklin - Kissing Your Picture (Is So Cold)
Zach Bryan Featuring Kacey Musgraves - I Remember Everything - WINNER
Best Country Song
Brandy Clark - Buried
Chris Stapleton - White Horse - WINNER
Morgan Wallen - Last Night
Tyler Childers - In Your Love
Zach Bryan Featuring Kacey Musgraves - I Remember Everything
Best Country Album
Brothers Osborne - Brothers Osborne
Kelsea Ballerini - Rolling Up the Welcome Mat
Lainey Wilson - Bell Bottom Country - WINNER
Tyler Childers - Rustin’ in the Rain
Zach Bryan - Zach Bryan
Lainey Wilson took home Best Country Album for Bell Bottom Country
Best New Age, Ambient, or Chant Album
Carla Patullo Featuring Tonality and The Scorchio Quartet - So She Howls - WINNER
David Darling & Hans Christian - Ocean Dreaming Ocean
Kirsten Agresta-Copely - Aquamarine
Omar Akram - Moments of Beauty
Ólafur Arnalds - Some Kind of Peace (Piano Reworks)
Best Jazz Performance
Adam Blackstone Featuring The Baylor Project & Russell Ferranté - Vulnerable (Live)
Fred Hersch & Esperanza Spalding - But Not for Me
Jon Batiste - Movement 18’ (Heroes)
Lakecia Benjamin - Basquiat
Samara Joy - Tight - WINNER
Best Jazz Vocal Album
Cécile McLorin Salvant - Mélusine
Fred Hersch & Esperanza Spalding - Alive at the Village Vanguard
Gretchen Parlato & Lionel Loueke - Lean In
Nicole Zuraitis - How Love Begins - WINNER
Patti Austin Featuring Gordon Goodwin’s Big Phat Band - For Ella 2
Best Jazz Instrumental Album
Adam Blackstone - Legacy: The Instrumental Jawn
Billy Childs - The Winds of Change - WINNER
Kenny Barron - The Source
Lakecia Benjamin - Phoenix
Pat Metheny - Dream Box
Best Large Jazz Ensemble Album
ADDA Simfònica, Josep Vicent, Emilio Solla - The Chick Corea Symphony Tribute - Ritmo
The Count Basie Orchestra Directed by Scotty Barnhart - Basie Swings the Blues - WINNER
Darcy James Argue’s Secret Society - Dynamic Maximum Tension
Mingus Big Band - The Charles Mingus Centennial Sessions
Vince Mendoza & Metropole Orkest - Olympians
Best Latin Jazz Album
Bobby Sanabria Multiverse Big Band - Vox Humana
Eliane Elias - Quietude
Ivan Lins With the Tblisi Symphony Orchestra - My Heart Speaks
Luciana Souza & Trio Corrente - Cometa
Miguel Zenón & Luis Perdomo - El Arte del Bolero Vol. 2 - WINNER
Best Alternative Jazz Album
Arooj Aftab, Vijay Iyer, Shahzad Ismaily - Love in Exile
Cory Henry - Live at the Piano
Kurt Elling, Charlie Hunter, SuperBlue - SuperBlue: The Iridescent Spree
Louis Cole - Quality Over Opinion
Meshell Ndegeocello - The Omnichord Real Book - WINNER
Best Gospel Performance/Song
Erica Campbell - Feel Alright (Blessed)
Melvin Crispell III - God Is
Kirk Franklin - All Things - WINNER
Stanley Brown Featuring Hezekiah Walker, Kierra Sheard & Karen Clark Sheard - God Is Good
Zacardi Cortez - Lord Do It for Me (Live)
Best Contemporary Christian Music Performance/Song
Blessing Offor - Believe
Cody Carnes - Firm Foundation (He Won’t) [Live]
For King & Country Featuring Jordin Sparks - Love Me Like I Am
Lauren Daigle - Thank God I Do
Lecrae & Tasha Cobbs Leonard - Your Power - WINNER
Maverick City Music, Chandler Moore & Naomi Raine - God Problems
Best Gospel Album
Erica Campbell - I Love You
Maverick City Music - The Maverick Way
Jonathan McReynolds - My Truth
Tasha Cobbs Leonard - Hymns (Live)
Tye Tribbett - All Things New: Live in Orlando - WINNER
Best Contemporary Christian Music Album
Blessing Offor - My Tribe
Da’ T.R.U.T.H. - Emanuel
Lauren Daigle - Lauren Daigle
Lecrae - Church Clothes 4 - WINNER
Phil Wickham - I Believe
Best Roots Gospel Album
The Blackwood Brothers Quartet - Tribute to the King
Blind Boys of Alabama - Echoes of the South
Becky Isaacs Bowman - Songs That Pulled Me Through the Tough Times
Brian Free & Assurance - Meet Me at the Cross
Gaither Vocal Band - Shine: The Darker the Night the Brighter the Light
Best Latin Pop Album
AleMor - Beautiful Humans, Vol. 1
Gaby Moreno - X Mi (Vol. 1) - WINNER
Maluma - Don Juan
Pablo Alborán - La Cuarta Hoja
Paula Arenas - A Ciegas
Pedro Capó - La Neta
Best Música Urbana Album
Karol G - Mañana Será Bonito - WINNER
Rauw Alejandro - Saturno
Tainy - Data
The second award of the evening was given to Karol G in the Best Música Urbana Album category for Mañana Será Bonito
Best Latin Rock or Alternative Album
Cabra - Martínez
Diamante Eléctrico - Leche de Tigre
Fito Paez - EADDA9223
Juanes - Vida Cotidiana - WINNER (TIE)
Natalia Lafourcade - De Todas las Flores - WINNER (TIE)
Best Regional Mexican Music Album (Including Tejano)
Ana Bárbara - Bordado a Mano
Flor de Toloache - Motherflower
Lila Downs - La Sánchez
Lupita Infante - Amor Como en las Películas de Antes
Peso Pluma - Génesis - WINNER
Best Tropical Latin Album
Carlos Vives - Escalona Nunca Se Había Grabado Así
Grupo Niche y Orquesta Sinfónica Nacional de Colombia - Niche Sinfónico
Luis Figueroa - Voy a Ti
Omara Portuondo - Vida
Rubén Blades con Roberto Delgado & Orquesta - Siembra: 45° Aniversario (En Vivo en el Coliseo de Puerto Rico, 14 de Mayo 2022) - WINNER
Tony Succar, Mimy Succar - Mimy & Tony
Best Music Video
The Beatles - I’m Only Sleeping - WINNER
Billie Eilish - What Was I Made For [From the Motion Picture “Barbie”]
Kendrick Lamar - Count Me Out
Troye Sivan - Rush
Tyler Childers - In Your Love
Best Music Film
David Bowie - Moonage Daydream - WINNER
Kendrick Lamar - Live From Paris, the Big Steppers Tour
Lewis Capaldi - How I’m Feeling Now
Little Richard - I Am Everything
Tupac Shakur - Dear Mama
Best American Roots Song
Allison Russell - The Returner
Billy Strings Featuring Willie Nelson - California Sober
Brandy Clark Featuring Brandi Carlile - Dear Insecurity
Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit - Cast Iron Skillet - WINNER
The War and Treaty - Blank Page
Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit earned two including Best American Roots Song
Best American Roots Performance 
Allison Russell - Eve Was Black - WINNER
Blind Boys of Alabama - Heaven Help Us All
Jon Batiste - Butterfly
Madison Cunningham - Inventing the Wheel
Rhiannon Giddens - You Louisiana Man
 Best Americana Performance
Allison Russell - The Returner
Blind Boys of Alabama - Friendship
Brandy Clark Featuring Brandi Carlile - Dear Insecurity - WINNER
Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit - King of Oklahoma
Tyler Childers - Help Me Make It Through the Night
Best Americana Album
Allison Russell - The Returner
Brandy Clark - Brandy Clark
Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit - Weathervanes - WINNER
Rodney Crowell - The Chicago Sessions
Rhiannon Giddens - You’re the One
Best Bluegrass Album
Billy Strings - Me/And/Dad
Michael Cleveland - Lovin’ of the Game
Mighty Poplar - Mighty Poplar
Molly Tuttle & Golden Highway - City of Gold - WINNER
Sam Bush - Radio John: Songs of John Hartford
Willie Nelson - Bluegrass
Best Traditional Blues Album
Bobby Rush - All My Love for You - WINNER
Eric Bibb - Ridin’
John Primer - Teardrops for Magic Slim Live at Rosa’s Lounge
Mr. Sipp - The Soul Side of Sipp
Tracy Nelson - Life Don’t Miss Nobody
Best Contemporary Blues Album
Bettye LaVette - LaVette!
Christone “Kingfish” Ingram - Live in London
Larkin Poe - Blood Harmony - WINNER
Ruthie Foster - Healing Time
Samantha Fish and Jesse Dayton - Death Wish Blues
Best Folk Album
Dom Flemons - Traveling Wildfire
Joni Mitchell - Joni Mitchell at Newport (Live) - WINNER
The Milk Carton Kids - I Only See the Moon
Nickel Creek - Celebrants
Old Crow Medicine Show - Jubilee
Paul Simon - Psalms
Rufus Wainwright - Folkocracy
Joni Mitchell  took home Best Folk Album for Joni Mitchell at Newport (Live)
Best Regional Roots Music Album
Buckwheat Zydeco Jr. & The Legendary Ils Sont Partis Band - New Beginnings - WINNER (TIE)
Dwayne Dopsie & The Zydeco Hellraisers - Live At The 2023 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival
Lost Bayou Ramblers & Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra - Live: Orpheum Theater Nola - WINNER (TIE)
New Breed Bass Band - Made in New Orleans
New Orleans Nightcrawlers - Too Much to Hold
The Rumble Feature Chief Joseph Boudreaux Jr. - Live at the Maple Leaf
Best Reggae Album
Buju Banton - Born for Greatness
Beenie Man - Simma
Burning Spear - No Destroyer
Collie Buddz - Cali Roots Riddim 2023
Julian Marley & Antaeus - Colors of Royal - WINNER
Best Global Music Performance
Arooj Aftab, Vijay Iyer & Shahzad Ismaily - Shadow Forces
Béla Fleck, Edgar Meyer & Zakir Hussain Featuring Rakesh Chaurasia - Pashto - WINNER
Burna Boy - Alone
Davido - Feel
Falu & Gaurav Shah (Featuring PM Narendra Modi) - Abundance in Millets
Ibrahim Maalouf Featuring Cimafunk & Tank and the Bangas - Todo Colores
Silvana Estrada - Milagro y Disastre
Best African Music Performance
Asake & Olamide - Amapiano
Ayra Starr - Rush
Burna Boy - City Boys
Davido Featuring Musa Keys - Unavailable
Tyla - Water - WINNER
Tyla took home Best African Music Performance for Water
Best Global Music Album
Bokanté - History
Burna Boy - I Told Them…
Davido - Timeless
Shakti - This Moment - WINNER
Susana Baca- Epifanías
Best Children’s Music Album
Andrew & Polly - Ahhhhh!
DJ Willy Wow! - Hip Hope for Kids!
Pierce Freelon & Nnenna Freelon - Ancestars
Uncle Jumbo - Taste the Sky
123 Andrés - We Grow Together Preschool Songs - WINNER
Best Audio Book, Narration, and Storytelling Recording
Meryl Streep - Big Tree
Michelle Obama - The Light We Carry: Overcoming in Uncertain Times - WINNER
Rick Rubin - The Creative Act: A Way of Being
Senator Bernie Sanders - It’s OK to Be Angry About Capitalism
William Shatner - Boldly Go: Reflections on a Life of Awe and Wonder
Best Spoken Word Poetry Album
Aja Monet - When the Poems Do What They Do
J. Ivy - The Light Inside - WINNER
Kevin Powell - Grocery Shopping With My Mother
Prentice Powell and Shawn William - For Your Consideration ’24
Queen Sheba - A-You’re Not Wrong B-They’re Not Either: The Fukc-It Pill Revisited
Best Comedy Album
Chris Rock - Selective Outrage
Dave Chappelle - What’s in a Name? -WINNER
Sarah Silverman - Someone You Love
Trevor Noah - I Wish You Would
Wanda Sykes - I’m An Entertainer
Best Musical Theater Album
Kimberly Akimbo
Parade
Shucked
Some Like It Hot - WINNER
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street
Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media
Daisy Jones & the Six - Aurora
Various Artists - Barbie The Album - WINNER
Various Artists - Black Panther: Wakanda Forever - Music From and Inspired By
Various Artists - Guardians of the Galaxy, Vol. 3: Awesome Mix, Vol. 3
“Weird Al” Yankovic - Weird: The Al Yankovic Story
Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media (Includes Film and Television)
John Williams - The Fabelmans
John Williams - Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny
Ludwig Göransson - Black Panther: Wakanda Forever 
Ludwig Göransson - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Mark Ronson & Andrew Wyatt - Barbie
Best Score Soundtrack for Video Games and Other Interactive Media
Bear McCreary - God of War Ragnarök
Jess Serro, Tripod & Austin Wintory - Stray Gods: The Roleplaying Musical
Peter Murray, J Scott Rakozy & Chuck E. Myers “Sea” - Hogwarts Legacy
Sarah Schachner - Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare II
Stephen Barton & Gordy Haab - Star Wars Jedi: Survivor - WINNER
Best Song Written for Visual Media
Billie Eilish - What Was I Made For? [From the Motion Picture “Barbie”] - WINNER
Dua Lipa - Dance the Night (From Barbie the Album)
Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice Featuring Aqua - Barbie World [From Barbie the Album]
Rihanna - Lift Me Up (From Black Panther: Wakanda Forever - Music From and Inspired By)
Ryan Gosling - I’m Just Ken [From “Barbie the Album”]
Best Arrangement, Instrumental or A Cappella
Hilario Duran and His Latin Jazz Big Band Featuring Paquito D’Rivera - I Remember Mingus
Just 6 - Angels We Have Heard on High
Ludwig Göransson - Can You Hear the Music
The String Revolution Featuring Tommy Emmanuel - Folsom Prison Blues - WINNER
Wednesday Addams - Paint It Black
Best Arrangement, Instruments and Vocals
Cécile McLorin Salvant - Fenestra
Maria Mendes Featuring John Beasley & Metropole Orkest - Com Que Voz (Live)
Patti Austin Featuring Gordon Goodwin’s Big Phat Band - April in Paris
Säje Featuring Jacob Collier - In the Wee Small Hours of the Morning - WINNER
Samara Joy - Lush Life
Best Recording Package
The Arcs - Eletrophonic Chronic
Brad Breeck - Gravity Falls
Caroline Rose - The Art of Forgetting
Dry Cleaning - Stumpwork - WINNER
Ensemble Cadenza 21’ - Cadenza 21’
Leaf Yeh - Migration
Best Boxed or Special Limited Edition Package
Bo Burnham - Inside: Deluxe Box Set
Lou Reed - Words & Music, May 1965 - Deluxe Edition
Neutral Milk Hotel - The Collected Works of Neutral Milk Hotel
Ngọt - Gieo
Various Artists - For the Birds: The Birdsong Project - WINNER
Best Album Notes
Howdy Glenn - I Can Almost See Houston
Iftin Band - Mogadishu’s Finest: The Al Uruba Sessions
John Coltrane - Evenings at the Village Gate: John Coltrane With Eric Dolphy (Live)
Various Artists - Playing for the Man at the Door: Field Recordings from the Collection of Mack McCormick, 1958–1971
Various Artists - Written in Their Soul: The Stax Songwriter Demos - WINNER
Best Historical Album
Bob Dylan - Fragments - Time Out Of Mind Sessions (1996-1997): The Bootleg Series, Vol. 17
Lou Reed - Words & Music, May 1965 - Deluxe Edition
Various Artists - The Moaninest Moan of Them All: The Jazz Saxophone of Loren McMurray, 1920-1922
Various Artists - Playing for the Man at the Door: Field Recordings from the Collection of Mack McCormick, 1958–1971
Various Artists - Written in Their Soul: The Stax Songwriter Demos - WINNER
Songwriter of the Year, Non-Classical
Edgar Barrera
Jessie Jo Dillon
Justin Tranter
Shane McAnally
Theron Thomas - WINNER
Theron Thomas was ecstatic as he earned Songwriter of the Year, Non-Classical 
Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical
Bokanté - History
Boygenius - The Record
Caroline Polachek - Desire, I Want to Turn Into You
Feist - Multitudes
Victoria Monét - Jaguar II - WINNER
Producer of the Year, Non-Classical
Daniel Nigro
Dernst “D’Mile” Emile II
Hit-Boy
Jack Antonoff - WINNER
Metro Boomin
Taylor Swift and Lana Del Rey collaborator Jack Antonoff won Producer of the Year, Non-Classical
Best Remixed Recording
Depeche Mode - Wagging Tongue (Wet Leg Remix) - WINNER
Gorillaz Featuring Tame Impala & Bootie Brown - New Gold (Dom Dolla Remix)
Lane 8 - Reviver (Totally Enormous Extinct Dinosaurs Remix)
Mariah Carey - Workin’ Hard (Terry Hunter Remix)
Turnstile & BadBadNotGood Featuring Blood Orange - Alien Love Call
Best Immersive Audio Album
Alicia Keys - The Diary of Alicia Keys - WINNER
Bear McCreary - God of War Ragnarök (Original Soundtrack)
George Strait - Blue Clear Sky
Madison Beer - Silence Between Songs
Ryan Ylyate - Act 3 (Immersive Edition)
Best Instrumental Composition
 Béla Fleck, Edgar Meyer & Zakir Hussain Featuring Rakesh Chaurasia - Motion
John Williams - Helena’s Theme - WINNER
Lakecia Benjamin Feuringat Angela Davis - Amerikkan Skin
Ludwig Göransson - Can You Hear the Music
Quartet San Francisco Featuring Gordon Goodwin’s Big Phat Band - Cutey and the Dragon
Best Engineered Album, Classical
Gustavo Dudamel, Anne Akiko Meyers, Gustavo Castillo & Los Angeles Philharmonic - Fandango
Manfred Honeck & Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra - Tchaikovsky: Symphony No. 5 & Schulhoff: Five Pieces
Mehmet Ali Sanlikol, George Lernis & A Far Cry - Sanlikol: A Gentleman of Istanbul - Symphony for Strings, Percussion, Piano, Oud, Ney & Tenor
Riccardo Muti & Chicago Symphony Orchestra - Contemporary American Composers - WINNER
Shara Nova & A Far Cry - The Blue Hour
Riccardo Muti & Chicago Symphony Orchestra - Contemporary American Composers earned Best Engineered Album, Classical
Producer of the Year, Classical
Brian Pidgeon
David Frost
Dmitriy Lipay
Elaine Martone - WINNER
Morten Lindberg
Best Orchestral Performance
Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra - Scriabin: Symphony No. 2; The Poem of Ecstasy
Los Angeles Philharmonic - Adès: Dante - WINNER
Netherlands Radio Philharmonic Orchestra - Bartók: Concerto for Orchestra; Four Pieces
The Philadelphia Orchestra - Price: Symphony No. 4; Dawson: Negro Folk Symphony
San Francisco Symphony - Stravinsky: The Rite of Spring
Best Opera Recording
The Metropolitan Opera Orchestra; The Metropolitan Opera Chorus - Blanchard: Champion - WINNER
Boston Modern Orchestra Project & Odyssey Opera Chorus - Corigliano: The Lord of Cries
The Dime Museum; Isaura String Quartet - Little: Black Lodge
Best Choral Performance
The Clarion Choir - Rachmaninoff: All-Night Vigil
The Crossing - Carols After a Plague
Miró Quartet; Conspirare - The House of Belonging
San Francisco Symphony Chorus - Ligeti: Lux Aeterna
Uusinta Ensemble; Helsinki Chamber Choir - Saariaho: Reconnaissance - WINNER
Best Chamber Music/Small Ensemble Performance
Anthony McGill & Pacifica Quartet - American Stories
Catalyst Quartet - Uncovered, Vol. 3: Coleridge-Taylor Perkinson, William Grant Still & George Walker
Roomful of Teeth - Rough Magic - WINNER
Third Coast Percussion - Between Breaths
Yo-Yo Ma, Emanuel Ax & Leonidas Kavakos - Beethoven for Three: Symphony No. 6, ‘Pastorale’ and Op. 1, No. 3
Best Classical Instrumental Solo
Andy Akiho - Akiho: Cylinders
Curtis Stewart - Of Love
Louisville Orchestra - The American Project - WINNER
Robert Black - Adams, John Luther: Darkness and Scattered Light
Seth Parker Woods - Difficult Grace
Best Classical Solo Vocal Album
Reginald Mobley, soloist; Baptiste Trotignon, pianist - Because
Julia Bullock, soloist; Christian Reif, conductor (Philharmonia Orchestra) - Walking in the Dark - WINNER
Karim Sulayman, soloist; Sean Shibe, accompanist - Broken Branches
Laura Strickling, soloist; Daniel Schlosberg, pianist - 40@40
Lawrence Brownlee, soloist; Kevin J. Miller, pianist - Rising
Best Classical Compendium
Aaron Diehl & The Knights - Zodiac Suite
Andy Akiho, Omaha Symphony & Ankush Kumar Bahl - Sculptures
Chick Corea & Orchestra da Camera della Sardegna - Sardinia
Los Angeles Philharmonic, Gustavo Dudamel, Anne Akiko Meyers & Gustavo Castillo - Fandango
Peter Herresthal, Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra, James Gaffigan, Arctic Philharmonic & Tim Weiss - Missy Mazzoli: Dark With Excessive Bright
Various Artists - Passion for Bach and Coltrane - WINNER
Wild Up & Christopher Rountree - Julius Eastman Vol. 3: If You’re so Smart, Why Aren’t You Rich?
Best Contemporary Classical Composition
Andy Akiho, Ankush Kumar Bahl & Omaha Symphony - Akiho: In That Space, at That Time
Awadagin Pratt, A Far Cry & Roomful of Teeth - Montgomery: Rounds - WINNER
Gustavo Dudamel & Los Angeles Philharmonic - Adès: Dante
Peter Herresthal, James Gaffigan & Bergen Philharmonic - Mazzoli: Dark With Excessive Bright
Roomful of Teeth - Brittelle: Psychedelics

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group