Gyros, falafel, pizza, pasta, and the music of Jason Aldean and Jimmy Buffett are just the start of what is a busy summer week in Syracuse.
The St. Elias Orthodox Church Middle Eastern Festival is back for another year. Food, traditional dancing, contemporary Arabic music are the highlights of the four-day festival.
The Inner Harbor is hosting its inaugural Pizza and Pasta Festival on Saturday, with 25 vendors cooking up many Italian favorites.
Skaneateles’ annual Curbstone Festival is back with vendors, a book sale, and live entertainment.
Country music star Jason Aldean is playing at the Amp and “Parrotheads” are invited to the Cortland Repertory Theatre’s “Jimmy Buffett’s Escape to Margaritaville.”
This week also has this month’s CNY Folksmarch at Cato and Meridian, the Red Oak Music Festival in Cortland, and the 57th annual Syracuse Gem, Mineral, Fossil, and Jewelry Show at the New York State Fairgrounds.
Know of an event you would like to see on this list? Email us at least two weeks in advance at features@syracuse.com.
Nick Brogan plays Tully in Cortland Repertory Theatre’s production of Jimmy Buffet’s “Escape to Margaritaville”, running at the Little York Pavilion.Provided Photo
The Cortland Repertory Theatre encourages you to put on your parrot shirts, slide into your flip flops, and set your watches to island time, as Jimmy Buffett’s “Escape to Margaritaville” takes the stage at Little York Lake Theatre and Pavilion in Preble. The Pavilion will be transformed into a tropical paradise “where love and laughter are the keys to ‘growing older but not up.’” Meet Tully, the “mayor” of Margaritaville, a part-time bartender, part-time singer, and full-time charmer who’s got life all figured out until a beautiful tourist steals his heart and makes him question everything. The energetic musical features many of Jimmy Buffett’s classics, including “Cheeseburger in Paradise,” “Fins,” “It’s Five O’clock Somewhere,” and many more. Tickets are available here for this week’s shows.
Where: 6799 Little York Lake Road, Preble
When: Tuesday-Friday at 7:30 p.m. and 2 p.m. matinees on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Friday.
How much: Adult tickets start at $46.28, seniors, military, first responder start at $44.02, and youth tickets are $29.30. 
The Syracuse Crunch will be holding an offseason garage sale at the Upstate Medical University Arena on Wednesday and Thursday. Crunch season tickets holders get first chance on Wednesday from 4-8 p.m. and the public gets their shot on Thursday from 11 a.m. to 7. The sale will feature merchandise and novelty items from 2023-24 and previous seasons, such as bobbleheads, trading cards and more. The team will also have new and used player equipment, including, but not limited to, skates, sticks, gloves, helmets, and pads along with team-issued and team-used clothing. Game-used and game-issued jerseys and socks will also be available for purchase. Fans are asked to enter the Upstate Medical University Arena through the S. State St. lobby and continuing straight to the arena floor.
Where: 800 South State Street, Syracuse.
When: Wednesday for season ticket holders from 4-8 p.m. Open to the public on Thursday from 11 a.m. to 7.
How much: Free to attend.
Jason Aldean returns to the Amphitheater this week. Dennis Nett | dnett@syracuse.comDennis Nett
Country music superstar Jason Aldean is the latest big act to perform at the Empower Federal Credit Union Amphitheater at Lakeview. Tickets have sold fast but there are still a few choice spots left. Aldean is known for country hits like “Big Green Tractor,” “Dirt Road Anthem,” “Burnin’ It Down,” “Tonight Looks Good on You,” and “You Make It Easy.” Tickets are available at Live Nation and resale options can be found at VividSeats and StubHub. The show starts at 7:30 p.m. with openers Hailey Whitters, Chase Matthew, Austin Snell, and Dee Jay Silver.
Where: 490 Restoration Way, Syracuse
When: Thursday at 7:30 p.m.
How much: Tickets start at $39.75, plus fees.
Cooks work the grill at the St. Elias Middle Eastern Festival. This year's edition begins on Thursday. Michael Greenlar | mgreenlar@syracuse.comMichael Greenlar | mgreenlar@syr
Middle Eastern music, dancing and food take center stage at the annual St. Elias Middle Festival, which runs from Thursday through Sunday. Gyros, shawarmas, falafel, desserts, and more are on the menu. There will be tours of the church. DJ Danny will be playing contemporary Arabic music and the traditional dance, dabkeh, will be performed at 6:30 Thursday through Saturday and at 1 on Saturday and Sunday. Visit https://www.syracusemideastfest.com/ for a complete entertainment schedule and menu.
Where: 4988 Onondaga Road, Syracuse
When: Thursday and Friday from 4-10 p.m., Saturday from noon to 10 p.m. and Sunday from noon to 6.
How much: Free to attend.
The Curbstone Festival returns to the streets of Skaneateles this weekend.Provided Photo
The Curbstone Festival is “one of Skaneateles’ iconic traditions, where everyone has the best time,” Hilary Fenner, executive director of the Skaneateles Area Chamber of Commerce, said. The three-day festival and sales returns to the village’s streets on Thursday. More than 50 vendors will take part along Genesee, Jordan, and Fennell streets. Entertainment will be provided, too. The Jackman Twins, known for their magic, juggling and balloon art, will perform from noon to 4 p.m. Thursday, noon to 3 p.m. Friday and 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday. On Friday, the Skaneateles Community Band will perform at the Gazebo starting at 7:30 p.m. (Rain location is the Austin Park Pavilion, 1 E. Austin St.). Sightseeing cruises will be offered each day by Mid-Lakes Navigation. For schedule updates, go to midlakesnav.com. And the Skaneateles Library will be holding a book sale. Free parking is available in the Austin Park Pavilion lot and in the lower gravel lot at the high school.
Where: Genesee, Jordan, and Fennell Streets in Skaneateles.
When: Thursday and Friday at 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. and Saturday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
How much: Free to attend.
Double Bass Experience is the next performers at this summer's Jazz in the City series.Provided Photo
Jazz in the City continues its 20th season with a concert by the Double Bass Experience on Thursday at Syracuse Community Health starting at 6 p.m. C-Jack Run opens. The Double Bass Experience features Jacob Webb and Phylicia Rae, who have seven number one Billboard records. Syracuse Community Healthcare Village will have screenings and vital health information along with other organizations with wellness support. Arts and crafters will be there as well along with food vendors including Johnny Gee’s BBQ, D&G Mac and Cheeseand Skippy’s Ice Cream. Attendees are encouraged to bring their lawn chairs. Admission is free.
Where: 930 South Salina Street, Syracuse
When: Thursday from 6-9 p.m.
How much: Free to attend.
Cast members from The Oswego Players begin their exploration into the untold life of Dr. Max Gerson in Luke Yankee’s “The Man Who Killed The Cure”, which will run weekends July 12-21, 2024 on stage at the Frances Marion Brown Theater. The ensemble includes, from left: Hannah Kandt, Tom Abrams, Christopher Best, Simon Moody, Rebecca Hill Kandt, and Bill Cowham.Provided Photo
Inspired by the work of Dr. Max Gerson, “The Man Who Killed the Cure” is the latest play by the Oswego Players. Performances are scheduled this weekend and next. The story is inspired by true events in the life and death of Dr. Max Gerson who was a pioneer into the natural treatment of cancer and other diseases. This gripping and controversial story delves into a world of medicine where the end goal is not healing, but profits. Friday and Saturday night performances are at 7:30 p.m., with Sunday matinees at 2. Tickets are $15 for adults, $11 for seniors, and $10 for students and may be obtained by calling the Players’ box office at (315) 343-5138, or by clicking https://oswegoplayers.org.
Where: Barbara Donahue Drive, Oswego
When: Friday and Saturday at 7:30 p.m. and Sunday at 2. Same schedule next weekend.
How much: $15 for adults, $11 for seniors, and $10 for students. 
Upstate New York artist, songwriter, and bandleader Neil Minet, and his band, will be performing on Friday night at Funk ‘n Waffles in downtown Syracuse. Doors open at 7 p.m. and the music starts at 8. Minet’s earliest roots are in the blues, his earliest guitar lessons in folk and Americana, and his earliest gigs were playing bluegrass and rock ‘n roll. Syracuse-based Alternative Americana artist, Jessie Elizabeth, opens. Tickets are $10, plus fees, and can be purchased here. Concert is recommended for adults, 18 and over.Where: 307-313 Clinton Street, Syracuse
When: Friday, from 8-11 p.m. Doors open at 7.
How much: $10, plus fees. 
The Inner Harbor is hosting the first-ever Pizza and Pasta Festival on Saturday. The inaugural event celebrating Italian cuisine will feature 25 food vendors, craft beers, and live entertainment. Proceeds benefit the Upstate Foundation and Golisano Children’s Hospital. It runs from noon to 10 p.m. Presale tickets can be purchased here.
Where: 328 West Kirkpatrick Street, Syracuse
When: Saturday from noon to 10 p.m.
How much: Presale tickets are $5 and can be purchased online. Tickets are $10 on the day of the event.
The 57th annual Gem, Mineral, Fossil, and Jewelry Show is scheduled to take over the Center of Progress building this weekend at the New York State Fairgrounds. There will be demonstrations and lectures, geode cracking, and a youth area with a sluice. Learn more by clicking here. Admission is $8 and children under 12 are free with an adult.
Where: 581 State Fair Boulevard, Syracuse
When: Saturday from 10 a.m. until 6. Sunday until 4.
How much: $8, children under 12 are free with an adult.
This month's CNY Folksmarch will be in Cato and Meridian. Saturday's walk will include a stop at the Civic Heritage Historical Society in Cato.Provided Photo
Walkers joining this month’s CNY Folksmarch will be exploring the villages of Cato and Meridian on Saturday and Sunday. Their host will be the Civic Heritage Historical Society in Cato. Parking is available at the Society site. Overflow parking is available in Mott Park just north of the historical society parking lot. Volunteers are planning some interesting historical information to use while you walk the route. The society’s building also has displays of historical artifacts that you can browse. We will walk along sidewalks in the village and rural roads in some areas. Dogs are welcome, if leashed. The museum will be open on Saturday. Walks are scheduled for 9 a.m. to noon on Saturday and Sunday from 1-3 p.m.
Where: 11256 South Street, Cato
When: Saturday from 9 a.m. to noon and Sunday from 1-3 p.m.
How much: $4 per adult, $1 for children ages 6 to 18. First time walkers walk free and military veterans participate for half-price.
The Lime Hollow Nature Center and the Center for the Arts of Homer join forces to present the Red Oak Music and Art Fest on Saturday. This free, family-friendly outdoor music festival features two professionally equipped music performance spaces, immersed in nature, joined by a large vendor corridor. Music starts at 1 p.m. Click here for music schedule.
Where: 3277 Gracie Road, Cortland
When: Saturday, music starts at 1 p.m.
How much: Free
Diane Macchiavelli, B.S., L.Ac, director of Brighton Pathways to Health in Rochester is presenting a two-part program at the Buddhist temple, Thekchen Choling Syracuse, on Saturday, July 13.Provided Photo
People interested in learning the benefits of Classical Chinese Medicine (CCM), which predates Traditional Chinese Medicine by thousands of years, are invited to a daylong workshop at on Saturday at the Thekchen Choling Syracuse Buddhist temple. Diane Macchiavelli, B.S., L.Ac, director of Brighton Pathways to Health in Rochester is presenting a two-part program at the Buddhist temple titled “Our Radiant Mind and Our Active Body.” Macchiavelli will discuss the Five-Element Theory of CCM from 9 a.m. to noon. Following lunch at nearby Dosa Grill, she will lead a program of gentle Chinese movement therapy, including Qigong and Tai Chi, from 2-5 p.m., culminating in a guided meditation. Adults of all ages, faith backgrounds and physical abilities are invited to attend. No experience is needed. Tuition is $45 per session or $81 for both. Lunch is self-pay. For more information or to register, contact Thekchen Choling Syracuse at tccl.syracuse@gmail.com or (315) 480-1088.
Where: 109 East Avenue, Minoa
When: Saturday from 9 a.m.
How much: $45 per session or $81 for both.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices