We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Yes, we've got our 'Bejewelled' outfits ready! 
Swifties, Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour is in full swing and we can’t wait to sing along to ‘Karma’, ‘Love Story’ and more way too loudly when she comes to Europe for her remaining shows. But, who are her next support acts?
Her world tour kicked off last March with Gracie Abrams, Beabadoobee and Sabrina Carpenter all opening for Taylor so far and more musicians to come. Yes, we’ve already got our ‘Bejewelled’ outfits ready and have the set list (including the surprise songs) rehearsed!
So, if you’re one of the lucky Swifties who managed to get tickets, then here is your complete guide to every act who is opening for Taylor Swift on the remainder of her Eras Tour, including the newly announced acts.
Dates: 9th May to 20th August
Paramore are the next act to be opening up for Taylor Swift on the Eras Tour. Performing across her dates in Europe, the group consists of Hayley Williams, Taylor York and Zac Farro and they are best known for tracks like ‘Misery Business’ and ‘Still Into You’.
Plus, Taylor and Hayley have been friends for years and honestly, we cannot wait to sing (or, scream) along to their rock songs when they support Taylor on her UK tour dates. 
Plus, having Taylor's support has boosted the already hugely successful band, according to data from viagogo Paramore's ticket sales grew 31% year-on-year in 2023 as they supported Taylor throughout the US, UK and Europe. 
Date: 15th August
On 5th August, Taylor revealed some brand new support acts that will be joining her for her  Wembley Arena dates and oh, we're so ready.
First of all, we've got Sofia Isella who is best known for her tracks like 'Everybody Supports Women' and 'Unattractive'. She'll be joining Taylor for one night only, and we can't wait! Sofia has said supporting Taylor was the "best day of her life" and Taylor's championing of the artist has shone a spotlight on the rising star, her pages views on viagogo, just a week after being announced, rose by 335%. 
Date: 16th August
Next up, Holly Humberstone will be taking the stage before Taylor on the Eras Tour. The British singer-songwriter is a former recipient of the Brit Rising Star Award and released her debut album, Paint My Bedroom Black, last year.
On supporting Taylor, she wrote, "As if I get to support Taylor Swift at The Eras Tour!!!! pinch me!! Taylor thank you thank you thank you I am eternally grateful and what an honour. I have no words and I can’t fuckin wait for the 16th! See you at Wembley!” And it seems fans want to see Holly do a full show, as the day she was announced a support searches for tickets for her shows on viagogo increased by 89%. 
Date: 17th August
Oh hey, Suki Waterhouse! She'll be performing for one night only at the Eras Tour and we can't wait to sing along to 'Good Looking', 'OMG' and more while we get ready for Taylor. Reckon she'll bring R-Patz along to Wembley? Either way, the artist's music has taken centre stage with searches for her music spiking by 63% on viagogo the day she was announced. We can't wait to hear more from her. 
Date: 19th August
Maisie Peters is next, and she'll be joining Taylor to sing her hit tracks like 'Worst Of You', 'Psycho' and 'Lost The Breakup'. Maisie is a long-time fan of Taylor, writing on Instagram, "Supporting Taylor Swift has been my dream since I was 12 years old and watched the 'Love Story' music video for the first time.
"It is such an honour to be part of something so special and iconic and I already know I'm gonna have the time of my life." Plus, Maisie herself who is known for her uplifting shows where fans release their heartbreak (much like Ms Swift) has seen an increase in new fans since the announcement, with searches on viagogo up 140% compared to the day before. 
Date: 20th August
Hey, Raye! The BRIT-award winning singer-songwriter will be the last artist to support Taylor at her Wembley Arena dates during the Eras Tour. Hearing 'Escapism', 'Genesis' and 'Worth It' live plus Taylor? A dream come true!
The already huge star has also seen a spike in fans since the announcement, with her page views rising by 845% on viagogo - the resale platform calculated that this is enough people to fill Alexandra Palace and the Royal Albert Hall combined. Wow!
Dates: 14th November to 8th December
For the final leg of her Eras Tour in North America, Taylor is inviting back Gracie Abrams to open for her. The singer is best known for her songs ‘I Miss You, I’m Sorry’ and ‘I Know It Won’t Work’.
Most recently, Sabrina Carpenter supported Taylor for her Eras Tour dates in South America, Australia and more. Previously, Beabadoobee, Phoebe Bridgers, Girl in Red, MUNA, HAIM, Gayle and Owenn all opened on tour. 
Another Simple Favor’s ending is wild, guys
Doctor Who season 2 episode release schedule
Vick Hope and Calvin Harris relationship timeline
MAFSAU's Jamie's 7 best moments 
Why we need the Desperate Housewives revival
The 8 biggest MAFS Australia scandals
How to watch Another Simple Favor
Why MAFSAU's Awhina should have married Tim
Where you know the cast of The Four Seasons from
The best TV dramas to watch on Netflix, BBC & more
Who is MAFSAU’s Hannah Renée? 
The biggest MAFSAU dinner party fights of all time
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.