22nd January 2025
Madrid’s Mad Cool Festival are starting the year with more big news! The fest has announced their next wave of acts for 2025, as well as confirming this year’s daily schedule. 
And it’s an event that’s already shaping up to be a big one, with recent additions like enigmatic experimentalist Geordie Greep and Irish alt-folk outfit Kingfishr joining girl in red, Glass Animals, Bloc Party, Finneas, Kaiser Chiefs and loads more in the Spanish capital this Summer. 
Topping the bill on the opening night will be indie stalwarts Kings Of Leon, while other big-hitters like Gracie Abrams, Weezer, and Iggy Pop are set to help kick things off in style. Friday night will see the newly announced ’90s icons Nine Inch Nails take to the festival’s main stage alongside Noah Kahan, Alanis Morrisette and Benson Boone, while pop monolith Olivia Rodrigo is closing the show on Saturday evening. 
What’s more, Mad Cool have also revealed that Brunch! Electronik will be hosting a special day of electronic music on Sunday for the very first time, giving over the dancefloor to anyone who wants to keep the party going. 
Mad Cool 2025 will take place in the heart of Madrid this summer, from 10th to 12th July, with Brunch! Electronik x Mad Cool happening on Sunday 13th July. Head over to the Mad Cool website to grab tickets, and check out the full line-up so far below. 
Get tickets to watch Olivia Rodrigo live now.


Tags:
News, Festivals, Kings of Leon, Mad Cool, Olivia Rodrigo

£10.99 
£44.99 
£39.99 
£29.99 
£4.99 
£27.99 
 Festivals
Neil Young had already been confirmed as a headliner for this year’s edition of the festival.
 6th March 2025
 Festivals
The huge Madrid event will back next July with a packed bill that includes Gracie Abrams, Weezer, girl in red and more.
 24th December 2024
 Festivals
The Portsmouth weekender will also welcome the likes of Michael Kiwanuka, The Last Dinner Party, and Bloc Party.
 5th December 2024
 Festivals
King of entertainment Robbie Williams has already been announced as the new festival’s first bill-topping act.
 4th December 2024
Subscribe here to receive regular updates from DIY on all things festivals.
Latest Issue
April 2025
With Djo, Lucy Dacus, Sunflower Bean, Black Country, New Road and more
Read Now
Buy Now
Subscribe to DIY
Advertise with DIY
↑ Back to the top