Getty Images
Gracie Abrams may have just put rumored ex Dylan O’Brien on blast in her new song, “Cool.”
The song, which the 25-year-old singer first debuted onstage in Chicago on Sept. 27, was officially released on the deluxe version of The Secret of Us, which was released on Oct. 18 — and fans are pretty certain about who she’s talking about.
Keep reading for everything we know about “Cool”:
The song is about a “phony superstar” that “love-bombed” and fooled Gracie into thinking they would end up together, only for it to all be for nothing.
In the bridge, she sings, “I’ll just look for the silver lining. Stay out of sight /Half my mind, you’re still occupying. Kill for a while, stole my time/ Thanks a lot for nothing. Stop, I’ll be fine, I’ll be fine.”
She also calls out this person for “pretending” throughout their time together.
“I’m not pretending in the way you are / You run your hands through your hair, phony superstar / They say you miss me, you’re sad, yeah, I bet you are.”
Fans are convinced the track is about Dylan, who Gracie was romantically linked to back in April 2022, after they were spotted out together in New York, via DeuxMoi.
In the track, Gracie mentions various women Dylan has been associated with, including Sadie Sink, Sarah Ramos, and Elle Fanning.
“You stranded Sadie and Sarah when they opened up,” she sings at one point. “A waste of running mascara, you thought we wouldn’t talk / Thought wrong, ah.”
Throughout the song, Gracie changes the lyric — “I bet you met up with Elle and said the same shit” — with several other names that people think may be connected to Dylan in some capacity — including a “Dev” and a “Cass.”
Even before the track was released, fans have been convinced it could be about the Teen Wolf actor.
One fan wrote on X, “so sorry gracie abrams got love bombed by dylan obrien but i actually mostly want to talk about all the other girls she name drops we did not know dylan dated,” while another posted: “not the cool is about dylan rumours oh my god free dylan and gracie.”
However, some fans aren’t so convinced, as one user harshly put: “people believing Cool by Gracie Abrams is about Dylan O’Brien because of Genius Lyrics annotations. but all of them are stretches or just straight up misinformation. y’all really are turning into Facebook Moms.”
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved