Jelly Roll, Black Pumas, Nickel Creek, Maggie Rogers, Juanes, Gracie Abrams, Gary Clark Jr., Jacob Collier and The War & Treaty will also appear on Season 50.
 By Scott Bernstein Aug 14, 2024 • 12:42 pm PDT
 Photo via 'Austin City Limits'
2024 marks fifty years since Willie Nelson taped the pilot for Austin City Limits, a live music television show that is still going strong five decades later. The program announced its 50th Anniversary broadcast season featuring an impressive roster of ACL vets such as Kacey Musgraves, Brittany Howard and Chris Stapleton along with a trio of newcomers.
Gracie Abrams, Jelly Roll and Jacob Collier will each make their debut appearance on Austin City Limits later this year. The all-star Season 50 slate also includes Juanes, Gary Clark Jr., Nickel Creek,  Black Pumas, Maggie Rogers and The War and Treaty. Each installment premieres on PBS (check local listings) before they can be streamed online via pbs.org/austincitylimits immediately after the initial broadcast.  
Season 50 begins on September 28 at 8 p.m. ET with an hour from Grammy-winning singer-songwriter Kacey Musgraves. Next, Austin’s own Gary Clark Jr. and Black Pumas share the hour on October 5. The episode on October 12 is split between the return of Maggie Rogers and Gracie Abrams’ first visit to the ACL stage.
Nickel Creek and Jacob Collier will be featured on October 19 before Brittany Howard gets the full hour on October 26. Country sensation Jelly Roll makes his ACL debut on November 2 as part of an hour with The War And Treaty. Chris Stapleton is back on the show November 9 and then Juanes closes out the program’s 2024 slate on November 16. 
“We are beyond proud to celebrate such a milestone in ACL’s growth and evolution,” said ACL executive producer Terry Lickona. “The talent for the first half of the season is testament itself to what defines Austin City Limits – an eclectic mix of authentic, original music captured in an intimate setting and shared worldwide. ACL brings together the past, present and future of music!” Seven additional episodes will finish off the 50th season starting in January 2025 with the artists to be confirmed at a later date. 
 Everything you need to
 Go See Live Music
  Personalized music news & recommendations 
 Create a free account or log in.
 Join or log in via email.
 Not you?
 Forgot password?
 Let’s create your account to get started.
  8 or more characters
  At least 1 letter
  At least 1 number
 We’ll only send you notifications you opt into.
  Valid phone number
 By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.