Getty Images (2)
Paul Mescal and Gracie Abrams both skyrocketed to fame in 2024 — and also soft-launched their relationship! With such busy years, fans are dying to know — are they still dating?
Keep reading for updates on their relationship:
It appears they’re still together as of February 2025, as an insider told Life & Style that Gracie and Paul are still going strong. The last time they were spotted out publicly was in NYC on December 15, after they both made their back-to-back Saturday Night Live debuts, footage shared on TikTok shows.
“I definitely feel the temptation to say the status of my [relationship status], that will always be there. But I don’t think that’s a wise thing to do,” Paul told Vanity Fair. “When Normal People came out, I was very forthright in interviews, and it didn’t actually serve me. … But moving forward as much as I can, that’s going to be my life that is private. That’s a difficult thing to achieve. But giving strangers an answer about my life doesn’t actually help me. It’s like a quick boost of serotonin, being like, ‘I’ve said what I need to say.’ And then it’s just Twitter fodder.”
In October 2023, a tip from DeuxMoi, stated: “I’ve heard from two separate sources that Paul Mescal and Gracie Abrams are seeing each other, but I haven’t witnessed it myself.” However, Daily Mail had reported that Paul joined a dating app around this time.
By the summer of 2024, the actor and songstress were spotted hanging out together in London, with DeuxMoi dropping the first pics of Paul and Gracie holding hands.
“A lot of gals will be disappointed to know he’s got a girlfriend — which is what Gracie is shaping up to be,” a source told Life & Style in August.
Following his 2022 breakup with another singer-songwriter, Phoebe Bridgers, the Normal People actor opened up about wanting to keep his romantic relationships private during an interview with Harper’s Bazaar in August 2023, explaining that his personal life is “nobody else’s business because it’s indecent.”
“People are going to write and say things because there’s a certain interest with any person who’s in the public eye in how that person lives their life and who they’re living up with, and what they’re doing and how they’re going about doing it,” the Aftersun star said. “And look, a lot of the time people are really kind about their support for me. That’s my predominant experience.”
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved