Sabrina Carpenter, Gracie Abrams, BeabadoobeeAmy Harris/Charles Sykes/Invision/AP
Taylor Swift concluded the European leg of her historic “Eras Tour” with an unforgettable final performance.
Playing London’s Wembley Stadium last night (Aug. 20), Swift broke the record for the most nights played at the stadium by a solo artist in a single tour, a title previously held by Michael Jackson’s 1988 “Bad Tour,” according to BBC.
Fans were also surprised with a first-look premiere of Swift’s “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart” music video. Watch it for yourself below:
After such a memorable night, fans will now have to wait until October 18 for Swift to resume touring with the second North American leg, which will cover Miami, New Orleans, Indianapolis, Toronto and Vancouver.
Related: Taylor Swift’s US comeback is almost here: How you can still get ‘Eras Tour’ tickets
To help fill the void left by Swift’s brief but seemingly never-ending hiatus, here are five touring artists that Swifties are guaranteed to love just as much.
After opening for Swift’s “Eras Tour” shows in Latin America, Australia and Singapore throughout 2023 and 2024, Carpenter is gearing up for her own headlining tour in support of her upcoming album “Short n’ Sweet,” out this Friday (Aug. 23).
Tickets: Vivid Seats | SeatGeek | StubHub
The tour will kick off on September 23 at Columbus, Ohio’s Nationwide Arena and include nearby stops at Toronto’s Scotiabank Arena, New York City’s Madison Square Garden, Brooklyn’s Barclays Center, Hartford’s XL Center, Boston’s TD Garden, Baltimore’s CFG Bank Arena, Philadelphia’s Wells Fargo Center and Montreal’s Bell Centre, all before Swift resumes touring.
Related: Where to find cheapest tickets to Sabrina Carpenter’s nearly sold-out 2024 ‘Short n’ Sweet Tour’
A complete list of Carpenter’s tour dates is available here.
Another “Eras Tour” opener, Gracie Abrams, will be joining Swift for her upcoming North American dates, but before then, she’ll be commencing her own sold-out headlining tour, “The Secret of Us Tour,” in support of her sophomore album of the same name, released on June 21.
Tickets: Vivid Seats | SeatGeek | StubHub
The tour will kick off on September 5 at Portland, Oregon’s Theater Of The Clouds. Abrams will play three consecutive shows at New York City’s Radio City Music Hall on October 4-6, followed by shows at Philadelphia’s The Met and Boston’s MGM Music Hall at Fenway, before the “Eras Tour” resumes.
Related: How to get tickets to Gracie Abrams sold-out ‘The Secret of Us Tour’
A complete list of Abrams’ tour dates is available here.
Indie pop singer-songwriter Clairo often hits on similar themes found in Swift’s music, including love, relationships and self-discovery, in her own dreamy, lo-fi, bedroom pop sound. Her latest and third studio album, “Charm,” was released on July 12 and features hits like “Sexy to Someone,” “Nomad” and “Juna.” 
The album supports her upcoming tour of the same name, which will kick off on September 6 with a five-night residency at Los Angeles’ “The Fonda Theatre,” followed by another five-night residency at New York City’s Webster Hall on September 14-19.
Tickets: Vivid Seats | SeatGeek | StubHub
Related: Clairo announces ‘Charm’ North American tour: How to get tickets
A complete list of Clairo’s tour dates is available here.
Filipino-born English singer-songwriter Beabadoobee not only opened for 12 shows during the “Eras Tour’s” first US leg but also opened for Clairo’s “Immunity Tour” in 2019.
Following the August 9 release of her third studio album, “This Is How Tomorrow Moves,” Beabadoobee will kick off her headlining tour of the same name at Philadelphia’s The Met on September 8. Other nearby stops include New York City’s SummerStage in Central Park, Boston’s MGM Music Hall at Fenway and Toronto’s Coca-Cola Coliseum.
Tickets: Vivid Seats | SeatGeek | StubHub
A complete list of Beabadoobee’s tour dates is available here.
Maisie Peters is yet another “Eras Tour” opener who joined Swift for one night at London’s Wembley Stadium.
About choosing her openers for London, Swift said about Peters, “I asked them to play on this tour because I love their music and think they’ll absolutely smash it in Wembley Stadium!!”
Swift isn’t the only huge artist Peters has opened for this year. She also supported Coldplay’s “Music of the Spheres World Tour” on European dates and Noah Kahan’s “The Stick Season (We’ll All Be Here Forever) Tour” on UK dates.
Next, she’ll be opening for Conan Gray’s “Found Heaven On Tour” US dates, making this a two-for-one for Swifties. The tour will include nearby stops at Toronto’s Budweiser Stage, Boston’s MGM Music Hall at Fenway, New York City’s Madison Square Garden, Philadelphia’s Mann Center - Skyline Stage and Peters’ own set at the All Things Go Music Festival.
Tickets: Vivid Seats | SeatGeek | StubHub
A complete list of Peters’ tour dates is available here.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices