Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The rising artist is touring his sophomore album “Kansas Anymore” before hitting the road with Gracie Abrams this fall.
Eye Editor

	On July 19 Role Model released his sophomore album “Kansas Anymore” and quickly followed up the event with a sold-out show at Los Angeles’ The Troubadour in West Hollywood. 

	The musician, born Tucker Pillsbury, has been on a steady rise since releasing his first EP in 2017 and signing with Interscope Records in 2018. His first album, “Rx,” came in 2022 and was all about falling in love. Cut to 2024 and the relationship had ended, which, thankfully for fans, resulted in a new record. 

	This fall he will hit the road with Gracie Abrams, but in the meantime celebrated his album’s release at The Troubadour. He documented his first time setting foot on the famed stage (which was marked with a “pre-show stretch, I suppose”), his soundcheck (“Pretending to know how to play guitar on stage now”) and a moment backstage with Lizzy McAlpine (“LOOK AT THAT WOMAN”) who is featured on the “Kansas Anymore” song “So Far Gone.”

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	People
	



	
			Tucker Wetmore's Journey From the Gridiron to the Top of the Country Charts	
			













	People
	



	
			Backstage at The Roxy With Spanish Singer-Songwriter Judeline: One to Watch	
			








	Prior to hitting the stage he listened to The War on Drugs and joked around with his band.




			You May Also Like		






	“I love my band so much, I think it’s rare for artists to have any sort of bond with their band, but we have been through it together and gotten very close,” he says. “I love these boys.”

	The West Hollywood show was his first time performing in over a year. 

	“I was a little nervous walking out, to be honest,” he says. That said, the nerves quickly went away when he met with the fans’ reaction. 

	“Performing these songs live for the first time was something else,” he says. “How they knew all the words to the new album in a matter of four days is beyond me. I love them.”
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.