Sometimes, there’s nothing quite as relaxing as stealing stuff and engaging in high-powered shootouts.
Or, at least, so would say fans of the online shooter The Finals.
The Finals is the latest in a string of online shooters where gamers pick up virtual weapons and fire virtual rounds at their virtual competition. The Finals adds a bit of burglary to the action, though: Gamers are asked (as part of a televised game show, the story tells us) to steal vaults and transport them to cash out points. But other contestants are trying to steal the very same vaults—and they can steal from you as easily as you can steal from them. This invariably leads to the real draw of the game—the shootouts. And not only can you shoot each other but you can blow up pretty much every bit of scenery you see, too.
We’ll use that game to launch (pardon the expression) into a wider conversation about online shooters such as Fortnite. Why are these games so popular? Are they cathartic, or could they lead to some real-world issues? Just how much should parents be wringing their hands over these Fortnite-style shooters? Adam Holz will talk to Kennedy Unthank, Jonathan McKee and our very own gaming expert Bob Hoose on these issues and more.
And once we’ve fired off enough conversation in that direction, we’ll turn our attention to Gracie Abrams, a relatively new name in the world of music. Kristin Smith will tell us about this up-and-coming musical star (and daughter of Hollywood director J.J. Abrams) and let us know whether the “I Know It Won’t Work” singer will work for parents.
And then, when we’re done with this episode’s fun and games, we’d love for you to join in the conversation. Do you play Fortnite-style shooters? What do you think of Gracie Abrams? Let us know in the comments below. Fire off a missive or two via Facebook or Instagram. Shoot us an email at [email protected]. Or pull the trigger on our new voicemail option, which can be found on our podcast homepage, thepluggedinshow.com. 
And, as always, we look forward to your company again soon on The Plugged In Show.
Paul Asay has been part of the Plugged In staff since 2007, watching and reviewing roughly 15 quintillion movies and television shows. He’s written for a number of other publications, too, including Time, The Washington Post and Christianity Today. The author of several books, Paul loves to find spirituality in unexpected places, including popular entertainment, and he loves all things superhero. His vices include James Bond films, Mountain Dew and terrible B-grade movies. He’s married, has two children and a neurotic dog, runs marathons on occasion and hopes to someday own his own tuxedo. Feel free to follow him on Twitter @AsayPaul.