By 

	Daniel Kreps


As promised, Gracie Abrams has shared her new song “Risk,” the first single from her upcoming album The Secret of Us.

	The track was accompanied by a video directed by the singer’s best friend/collaborator Audrey Hobert, who Abrams co-wrote the track with “on our couch at home.” 

	“This is fully hers,” Abrams wrote on Instagram of “Risk.” “Working together on set and at home on our couch is the most fun I have ever had in my life. She is brilliant in all the ways. Love you Aud. We hope you all love our song.”

	Abrams also confirmed that the National’s Aaron Dessner — who she collaborated with on her 2023 debut LP Good Riddance — “produced the shit of [‘Risk’].” Abrams will next debut “Risk” live on the May 8 episode of The Tonight Show, where she’ll also sit down with Jimmy Fallon to discuss her upcoming album.
A post shared by Gracie Abrams (@gracieabrams)

	“We had real, true fun writing this album. There were also the occasional tears,” Abrams previously said of The Secret of Us, due out June 21.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Following the release of Good Riddance, Abrams spent much of last summer opening for Taylor Swift during the North American leg of the Eras Tour and earned a Grammy nomination for Best New Artist. 

Speaking with Rolling Stone last year, ahead of the release of Good Riddance and all the success that followed, Abrams spoke about the incredible impact songwriting has had on her life. “I feel really more grateful than I ever have for what songwriting has provided me just as a person outside of music,” she said. “I grew up using it as a tool to process shit but like…to have done it and to finish something…I very much felt like I had kind of done the grieving and really let go of what I needed to.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.