Where Your Story Lives 
Sydney Sterlace’s impressive run on “The Voice” fell just short.
Sydney Sterlace of West Seneca, left, performed with her coach Gwen Stefani on "The Voice" during the "Live Finale Part 2."
The 16-year-old West Seneca resident was among the five finalists for the two-part finale this week, but Sofronio Vasquez was crowned Season 26 champion of “The Voice” working with rookie coach Michael Bublé. The other finalists were Shye (Team Buble), Danny Joseph (Team Reba) and Jeremy Beloate (Team Snoop).
Vasquez, a 31-year-old native of Mindanao, Philippines who currently, now lives in Utica. According to multiple websites, the winner of “The Voice” receives $100,000 in cash and a record deal with Universal Media Group.
On Part I of the finale that aired Monday, Sydney sang “I Love You, I’m Sorry” by Gracie Abrams and “Chasing Cars” by Snow Patrol. For Tuesday’s finale, Sydney was joined by her coach Gwen Stefani for “Wild World” by Cat Stevens.
Sydney began her run on “The Voice” during the blind audition episode when she sang Olivia Rodrigo’s “Driver’s License” and earned the coveted “four-chair turn” from the coaches. Sydney chose Stefani as her coach. Among other songs Sydney has performed on the show are Taylor Swift’s “betty,” Lewis Capaldi’s “Bruises” and “When the Party’s Over” by Billie Eilish.
For Part 1 of the live finale of "The Voice," Sydney Sterlace sang “I Love You, I’m Sorry” by Gracie Abrams and “Chasing Cars” by Snow Patrol.
Throughout the series, Sydney has been consistently praised by all of the judges. “You were always my favorite,” Snoop Dogg told her. “When you become a superstar, I’ll come to your concerts.”
Reba McIntire was impressed by Sydney’s youth. “I don’t believe you are 15,” McEntire said. “More like 25, 35.”
“We are so lucky that we have got to be witness to this journey to this superstar,” Buble added.
Sydney, a junior at West Seneca West, said in an earlier interview that her mother, Stefanie, convinced her to try out for the show.
“My mom pushed me to audition. She just told me just to try and the worst that can happen is I don’t make it,” said Sydney.
At age 3, Sydney’s mother saw and heard something special in her daughter’s voice and sent her to local voice coach Debbie Monroe of Bello Voice Studio, before she could even read. She was too young then, but was brought back to Monroe for lessons when she was about 8 years old.
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Gusto Editor
Where Your Story Lives 
“She moves me,” said her coach, Gwen Stefani. “When she gets on the stage, I want to see more, and I don’t want to let her go home.”
The 15-year-old became one of two singers during the playoff round on Team Gwen Stefani to advance to the upcoming live shows with seven other…
The 15-year-old Sterlace was chosen by her coach, Gwen Stefani, in the Battle Round of the singing competition.
It was a year of beginnings on Buffalo’s cultural and entertainment scene in 2024.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.