Gracie Abrams will perform at Madison Square Garden on July 28, 2025.AP
It “Feels Like” fans are going to have the night of their lives at a Gracie Abrams concert next year.
After wrapping up the “Eras Tour,” Gracie Abrams announced she will head out on her “The Secret of Us Deluxe Tour”.
But tri-state area fans should get excited because she will perform at Madison Square Garden in New York City on July 28 and 29, 2025.
If you want to get tickets to her first MSG show on the schedule, here is how you can.
Tickets for Gracie Abrams tour go on sale to the public on Dec. 13, 2024, at 10 a.m. through Ticketmaster.
If you missed out on securing tickets through the presale on Dec. 12, 2024, and the general sale, then you shouldn’t wait too long to get your hands on them.
You can find some of the cheapest tickets for Gracie Abrams’ tour on StubHub and Vivid Seats starting at $133.
Plus, if you are a first-time customer with Vivid Seats, you can get $20 off your entire ticket order by using the promo code NJ20 at checkout.
You can also secure tickets on TicketNetwork, SeatGeek and Viagogo for “The Secret of Us Deluxe Tour.”
Tickets often appear on those sites before the general sale begins.
For Gracie’s Madison Square Garden concert on July 28, 2025, the cheapest ticket, before fees, is $226 on Viagogo.
For the July 29, 2025, Madison Square Garden show, the cheapest ticket we could find is $320 on Vivid Seats.
You can find a full calendar of Abrams’ tour dates here.
Gracie Abrams’ “The Secret of Us Deluxe Tour” will kick off on July 24, 2025 in Boston and will wrap up on Aug. 26 in Mexico City, Mexico.
Gracie Abrams’ previously announced “The Secret of Us” tour is not yet done either. She will tour throughout Europe and Asia until April 19, 2025.
Special guest Role Model will join Gracie Abrams for all tour dates.
If you want to catch Gracie Abrams live before 2025, then you can see her on the Jingle Ball tour on Dec. 13 in New York City and Dec. 16 in Philadelphia.
Abrams is not the only artist heading to Madison Square Garden.
A few more tours you won’t want to miss out on include Phish, Dom Dolla, Disturbed and Kylie Minogue.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices