Vice President Kamala Harris is back in Madison for a get-out-the-vote rally, her first of two visits to the state this week.
The event at the Dane County Coliseum at the Alliant Energy Center marks Harris' 12th trip to the battleground state this year and her eighth since President Joe Biden dropped out of the race this summer and endorsed his vice president in the Nov. 5 matchup with former President Donald Trump.
The rally. which will include performances by Gracie Abrams, Mumford and Sons, Remi Wolf, and The National’s Matt Berninger and Aaron Dessner, coincides with a competing rally Trump is having on the same day in the Green Bay suburb of Ashwaubenon, where he'll be joined by former Green Bay Packers quarterback Brett Favre.
8:35 p.m. | Near the end of her roughly 20-minute speech, Harris spoke directly to those in the crowd who have or are planning to vote this November in their first presidential election.
“Every day I see the promise of America in all the young leaders who are voting for the first time,” Harris said. “And I love your generation, I just love you guys.”
“One of the reasons is you all are rightly impatient for change,” Harris continued. “You, who have only known the climate crisis are leading the charge to protect our planet and our future. You, who grew up with active shooter drills, are fighting to keep our schools safe. You, who now know fewer rights than your mothers and grandmothers are standing up for freedom and what I know about you is these issues are not theoretical, this is not political for you, this is your lived experience. And I see you, and I see your power.”
Vice President Kamala Harris speaks on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
8:25 p.m. | Speaking to the crowd of an estimated 13,000 attendees, Harris laid out her plans to implement a middle class tax cut, lower the cost of child care and reduce health care costs.
In contrast, she said, Trump cares only about himself and is "obsessed with revenge, consumed with grievance, and out for unchecked power."
“If he is elected, it’s not going to happen, but if he were elected, on Day One, Donald Trump would walk into that office with an enemies list," Harris said. "He talks about the enemies from within. When I am elected I will walk in with a to-do list focused on your needs. And at the top of my list is bringing down your cost of living.”
Some of the loudest applause came in response to her pledge to protect abortion rights, drawing a strong contrast with her opponent, who she said would ban abortion nationwide, restrict access to birth control and put IVF treatments at risk.
"I know we all here know one does not have to abandon their faith or deeply held beliefs to agree the government should not be telling her what to do with her body, not the government," she said.
Vice President Kamala Harris speaks on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
8:15 p.m. | Shortly into her speech, Harris was interrupted by protesters in the crowd, whose words were unintelligible.
“We all want the war in Gaza to end and get the hostages out as soon as possible and I will do everything in my power to make it heard and known," Harris said in a sharp departure from a speech in which she was urging people to vote early. "And everyone has a right to be heard. But I am speaking," Harris said, to big applause from the crowd.
Vice President Kamala Harris speaks on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
8 p.m. | Ty Schanhofer, a junior at UW-Madison, also spoke to the younger voters in the coliseum, noting that “there’s just too much at stake to sit this one out.”
The Tomah native spoke to Harris’ plans to address issues important to younger voters like climate change, gun control, student debt and abortion rights.
“In less than a week, every single person in this room will help chart a new way forward by electing Kamala Harris,” said Schanhofer, from Tomah.
7:45 p.m. | Vice President Harris’ motorcade arrived at the Alliant Energy Center around 7:15 p.m. and was greeted by Gov. Tony Evers and First Lady Kathy Evers in a locker room, along with members of the UW-Madison women’s volleyball team.
She quickly hugged the team members before the press pool was rushed out onto the floor of the Coliseum while Mumford and Sons performed on stage.
Photo3
7:30 p.m. | U.S. Sen. Tammy Baldwin reminded attendees that Wisconsin is arguably one of the most crucial states in deciding who wins the White House this fall.
“No pressure, anyone,” Baldwin, D-Madison, said.
The incumbent senator also took aim at her Republican challenger, Eric Hovde, who is looking to unseat Baldwin as she seeks a third term this fall.
Hovde is the CEO of Madison-based real estate development company Hovde Properties, as well as CEO and chairman of Utah-based Sunwest Bank. In addition to his home in Madison, Hovde also owns an estate in Laguna Beach, California — a topic that has become a major point of criticism from Baldwin and her fellow Democrats.
“It’s clear that he has spent more time on his private beach in California than on a factory floor or a family farm in our state,” Baldwin said. “And here in Wisconsin we deserve a senator who understands us and fights for us.”
7:10 p.m. | Before performing the songs "I Love you," "I’m Sorry," "Risk" and "Free Now," Gracie Abrams spoke to the younger voters in the Coliseum who may be casting ballots in their first or second presidential election.
“As we know, we’ve inherited a world that is struggling and it’s easy to feel disconnected and disillusioned,” Abrams said. “Between the advent of social media in our childhoods, COVID and relentlessly targeted disinformation we’ve been through some things and it’s easy to be discouraged.”
“But we know better,” Abrams continued. “We know that unless we vote and keep our democracy intact, there’s nothing we’ll be able to do to fix it when it’s our turn.”
6:55 p.m. | In addition to the presidential and U.S. Senate races on the ballot, Democratic Gov. Tony Evers also underscored the enthusiasm Democrats have heading into November with new legislative maps, which Evers signed into law in February, in place.
"For the first time in over a decade, Wisconsinites are no longer voting under the most gerrymandered legislative maps in America," Evers said. "That means your voice and your vote will matter now more than ever."
"If we vote for Democrats up and down the ballot, we can flip the state Assembly and win back (seats) in the Senate," Evers continued.
He also urged voters to turn out for Baldwin, while criticizing Hovde for his out-of-state business connections.
"As the kids say, he doesn't even go here," Evers said.
The set list for The National at Wednesday's Kamala Harris rally. 
6:35 p.m. | The National's Matt Berninger and Aaron Dessner took the stage, with Dessner sporting a camo Harris-Walz hat. 
The two immediately launched into "Bloodbuzz Ohio," "I Need My Girl" -- a song they wrote for their daughters but dedicated to Harris and "Fake Empire."  
Afterward, Berninger offered a simple get-out-the-vote message to the crowd.
“Get out there and vote, get your friends to vote,” he said. “Tell everybody you know to vote.”
Vice President Kamala Harris' plane arrives at the Dane County Regional Airport on Wednesday, Oct. 30. 
6:30 p.m. | Vice President Kamala Harris has arrived in Madison, touching down at the Dane County Regional Airport as her motorcade awaits on the tarmac in the rain. 
6:20 p.m. | While fans awaited the vice president, the Coliseum, site of some of the biggest music acts in Madison, was rocking a concert vibe.
Attendees are jumping, waving light-up bracelets and singing along to tracks by Charli XCX, Rihanna and The Black Eyed Peas.
Before launching into a three-song set, Remi Wolf said she wants her performances to be a safe, happy space for people to "authentically be themselves."
"That's what I think living in America should feel like for people at all times," she said, listing off issues she said were pertinent to young voters, like reproductive rights and climate change.
6 p.m. | U.S. Rep. Mark Pocan, D-Black Earth, warmed up the crowd by asking voters to help him make a video in which they cheered so loudly for Harris that the neighbors call and complain.
"We're a purple, purple-ish state," he said. "That means we win elections by a few points or less. But with the energy you're showing me tonight, I think we have the power to win Wisconsin."
He then urged attendees who had yet to vote to get to the polls on Thursday — wishing the crowd a "Happy Vote-O-Ween."
He said he was confident that Democrats are the "silent majority."
"Don't make this election a spectator sport," Pocan urged the capacity crowd.
People wait outside to see Vice President Kamala Harris speak on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
5:45 p.m. | The Alliant Energy Center has reached capacity, the Dane County Sheriff's Office just announced.
Anyone who is not already on the grounds will be turned away, according to sheriff's spokesperson Elise Schaffer.
People walk up to a security checkpoint to see Vice President Kamala Harris speak on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
5 p.m. | Sira Sanneh, 17, a student at Portage High School came to Madison with three of her friends from school, all 17. While none of them can vote, the group made the trip to tonight's rally to "witness history," she said.
Several others in the crowd that was quickly filling the Coliseum echoed the historic nature of Harris' campaign. If elected, Harris would be the first woman and first woman of color to lead the country.
Tracey Uttley, 61, is a real estate agent who rescheduled a big listing to travel from Minnesota to today's event.
"You can feel that the energy and enthusiasm is so strong in line here, and there's that momentum," Uttley said. "I want to be a part of history."
She met fellow Harris supporters Mary Cieslewicz, 69, and Nancy Riddle, 53, in line. The trio became fast friends and are planning to sit together inside.
"It's a great thing to be a part of, especially so close to the election," said Jack Garfin, 19, a UW-Madison student who is originally from Minnesota.
4:40 p.m. | Stacey Mladic, 51, sported Taylor Swift-inspired Harris merchandise to the rally, but she said she isn't buying the rumor that the singer herself might make an appearance.
There were plenty of hints. Of the four musical acts on the roster, three — Gracie Abrams, Mumford & Sons and The National — are friends and collaborators of Swift’s. And Swift is already slated to be in the Midwest this weekend, with her next Eras Tour date scheduled for Friday in Indianapolis. Abrams, who is headlining Wednesday's event, is currently traveling with Swift as an opener for the tour's final U.S. leg. The two are also close friends and musical collaborators, with Swift featuring on an Abrams song released this summer.
"I was really happy to have heard of her support, and it is a nice rumor, but we're really here for Harris," Mladic said. While she thinks the entertainers joining Harris today could prove useful in engaging young voters, she said the Harris campaign's social media game is probably more effective.
"That generation is interested in what's on TikTok, and they're doing a great job of meeting people where they're at," Mladic said. The account @KamalaHQ on TikTok has over 5 million followers and is known for posting campaign content in the format of trendy online memes.
Sira Sanneh, 17, a student at Portage High School, agreed, saying the best way for Harris to turn out her GenZ peers who are old enough to vote is to "just keep posting on TikTok."
Mladic brought three generations of support to the rally, attending with her mother, Bobbie Piwnicki, 73, and her nephew.
"Thinking generationally — it's a grandmother, a mother, my daughter, and we're about to have a first great grandchild in the family — for me, it's all about reproductive rights and making sure we have all of our freedoms," Mladic said.
Another view of the hundreds of fans lining up to see Kamala Harris at the Alliant Energy Center in Madison Wednesday.
4:12 p.m. | Compared to previous Democratic rallies at the Coliseum — including Harris' first rally here in September and a joint event by former President Barack Obama and Tim Walz, the Minnesota governor and Harris' running mate, last week — more supporters have begun filling out the venue earlier. As of 4 p.m. — more than two hours before the event's scheduled start time — the Coliseum was about 50% full. Thousands more supporters are still lined up outside.
Many supporters sported Harris merchandise — from shirts promoting abortion access to many bright green "kamala is brat" shirts worn by young supporters. Others wore UW-inspired Harris shirts or Harris merch riffing on Taylor Swift's song lyrics — like Stacey Mladic, who wore a white t-shirt reading "We are NOT going back. Like ever," inspired by the singer's hit "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together."
A friendship bracelet-making station, commonly seen at Taylor Swift concerts, popped up outside the Kamala Harris rally in Madison Wednesday.
3:25 p.m. | Behind the podium where Harris is set to speak tonight is a large red banner reading "Badgers for Harris-Walz." Inside, the event playlist has featured predominantly young pop hits, like Taylor Swift's "Cruel Summer" and Beyonce's "Break My Soul."
Just outside the arena, event organizers set up a "friendship bracelet making" table — an activity championed by Taylor Swift fans — more evidence that tonight's event will have some tie-in to the Eras Tour mogul. Swift is not scheduled to appear, but she has previously collaborated with three of the four performers slated to perform, and is currently touring with Abrams on the Eras Tour.
Supporters line up to see Vice President Kamala Harris at the Alliant Energy Center Wednesday afternoon.
2:45 p.m. | Under overcast skies, thousands of supporters began queuing up to enter the Dane County Coliseum Wednesday afternoon. Doors were to open at 3. 
The Harris rally will be held at the Dane County Coliseum at the Alliant Energy Center. It's the same site where Harris appeared on her last trip to Madison on Sept. 20. The venue also hosted her running mate, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz, and former President Barack Obama last Tuesday to kick off the first day of early in-person voting in Wisconsin.
The rally and performances are scheduled to run from 5:30 to 9 p.m. Doors open at 3, and no one will be allowed in after 6.
You need to RSVP at the event site ahead of time, but that doesn't guarantee entrance into the event.
If you want to see the event but can't make it, it will be streaming here among other locations.  
Trump campaigns with Packers legend Brett Favre in Green Bay
There is limited parking at the South Lot of the Alliant Energy Center, accessible via the East Rusk Avenue entrance. Organizers encourage people to carpool, walk or ride their bikes.
Additional parking is available on the grass at Quann Park, which can be accessed via East Olin Avenue. Attendees coming from the UW-Madison campus can take shuttles from Memorial Library to the East Olin Quann bus stop, next to the Alliant Energy Center. After the event, the buses will be parked at the same location for rides back to campus.
Bicycle parking is available by Willow Island across from the Alliant Energy Center. If you're using a ride-hailing service, you should ask to be dropped off at the Capitol City Trail Head at Olin Park.
Undoubtedly. Authorities don't release the exact route candidates or supporters will take, but it's a safe bet to avoid that part of John Nolen, Rimrock Road and Olin for most of the day.
Sadly, no. Plan on wearing a raincoat instead. Umbrellas, bags, water bottles and a whole host of other items deemed hazardous by the Secret Service are not allowed. Think of it as getting on an airplane. 
The two presidential candidates will be back in Wisconsin on Friday, with Trump rallying supporters at Milwaukee's Fiserv Forum, where he accepted the Republican presidential nomination at the Republican National Convention this summer. Harris' campaign said Tuesday she will also be in the battleground state on Friday, though details on when and where have not yet been provided.
People wait outside to see Vice President Kamala Harris speak on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
People wait outside to see Vice President Kamala Harris speak on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
A volunteer directs foot traffic for those in line to see Vice President Kamala Harris speak on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
People walk up to a security checkpoint to see Vice President Kamala Harris speak on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
People wait outside to see Vice President Kamala Harris speak on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
A person holds up a sign of Kamala Harris reading “We Vote, We Win” on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
People cheer as the gates to Alliant Energy Center open for a rally held by Vice President Kamala Harris on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
People walk to join the line to see Vice President Kamala Harris speak on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
People wait outside to see Vice President Kamala Harris speak on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
People walk to join the line to see Vice President Kamala Harris speak on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
The Wisconsin State Capitol building is seen in the distance from where Vice President Kamala Harris will speak on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Vice President Kamala Harris speaks on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Vice President Kamala Harris speaks on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Vice President Kamala Harris speaks on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Vice President Kamala Harris walks on stage on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Vice President Kamala Harris takes the stage on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Speaking to a sold-out crowd at the Dane County Coliseum at the Alliant Energy Center Wednesday, Vice President Kamala Harris urged her young supporters to knock on doors, text friends and speak to family, classmates and co-workers to turn out the vote. "And let's approach this with that spirit of a stranger seeing a neighbor," she said.
Vice President Kamala Harris takes the stage on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Vice President Kamala Harris looks out over the crowd on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Mumford and Sons walks on the stage to perform on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Wisconsin Senator Tammy Baldwin waves as she walks off the stage on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Wisconsin Senator Tammy Baldwin pauses while speaking on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
People hold up signs as Wisconsin Senator Tammy Baldwin claps on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
U.S. Sen. Tammy Baldwin, who faces an election challenge from Republican Eric Hovde, noted Wisconsin is one of the critical states for deciding who wins the White House this fall. “No pressure, anyone,” Baldwin, D-Madison, said.
Attendees watch as singer-songwriter Gracie Abrams performs on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Singer-songwriter Gracie Abrams performs ahead of Kamala Harris' speech Wednesday. "Unless we vote and keep our democracy intact, there’s nothing we’ll be able to do to fix it when it’s our turn,” the pop star told the mostly younger audience.
Wisconsin Governor Tony Evers walks on stage Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Wisconsin Governor Tony Evers walks on stage Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
The National’s Matt Berninger performs. Afterward, Berninger made a simple plea: “Get out there and vote, get your friends to vote."
People cheer and wave as Former Wisconsin Lt. Governor Mandela Barnes walks off stage on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Former Wisconsin Lt. Governor Mandela Barnes speaks on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Singer songwriter Remi Wolf performs on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Former Wisconsin Lt. Governor Mandela Barnes walks on stage on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Singer-songwriter Remi Wolf walks on stage on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
People cheer as Congressman Mark Pocan (D-2) speaks on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Congressman Mark Pocan (D-2) speaks on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
People cheer as Congressman Mark Pocan (D-2) speaks on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Congressman Mark Pocan (D-2) walks on stage on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
People find their seats on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
People wait outside to see Vice President Kamala Harris speak on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
People watch Vice President Kamala Harris speak on Wednesday, Oct. 30, 2024 at Alliant Energy Center in Madison, Wis. OWEN ZILIAK, STATE JOURNAL
Protesters against the war in Gaza are confronted by security while Vice President Kamala Harris speaks in Madison on Wednesday.
The National's Matt Berninger and Aaron Dessner were next to the stage, with Dessner sporting a camo Harris-Walz hat. 
The two immediately launched into "Bloodbuzz Ohio," "I Need My Girl" -- a song they wrote for their daughters but dedicated to Harris and "Fake Empire."  
Afterward, Berninger offered a simple get-out-the-vote message to the crowd.
“Get out there and vote, get your friends to vote,” he said. “Tell everybody you know to vote.”
Stay up-to-date on the latest in local and national government and political topics with our newsletter.
Brett Favre is caught up in a welfare scandal in his home state of Mississippi, where Auditor Shad White says he still owes the state nearly $…
The health department said it does not plan to issue a citation against the restaurant and that the contamination was inadvertent.
Kinship Mentoring of Columbia County's 4th annual Fall Fundraising Bash will take place at 5 p.m. on Nov. 9 at the Saddle Ridge Golf Course cl…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.