The American rap star joins Biffy Clyro and Snow Patrol on the 2025 line-up
Rapper 50 Cent and Scottish rockers Biffy Clyro are among the first acts to be announced for the 2025 TRNSMT festival.
The three-day event, now in its eighth year, takes place on Glasgow Green from 11-13 July, with 150,000 expected to attend over the course of the weekend.
Also joining the line-up are Snow Patrol, The Script, Fontaines D.C. and Gracie Abrams - who recently supported Taylor Swift during her Eras tour.
Tickets go on sale on Friday via the festival's website.
Read more stories from Glasgow & West Scotland
Geoff Ellis, festival director of Rockstar Energy presents TRNSMT, said more acts would be announced across the festival's four stages next year.
He said: “After a record-breaking sell-out in 2024, we can’t wait to have everyone back for the eighth year of incredible live music.
“We've worked hard to pull together an eclectic line-up including homegrown headliners and global icons, spanning a range of genres we know music fans of all ages will love."
Here are the acts announced so far.
Friday:
50 Cent
The Script
Confidence Man
Jamie Webster
Kneecap
Twin Atlantic
Wet Leg
Calum Bowie
The Royston Club
Tanner Adell
Saturday:
Biffy Clyro
Fontaines D.C.
Inhaler
Jake Bugg
The Kooks
Sigrid
Underworld
Wunderhorse
Alessi Rose
Amble
Biig Piig
James Marriot
Sunday:
Snow Patrol
Gracie Abrams
The Lathums
Shed Seven
The K's
Kerr Mercer
Nieve Ella
Nina Nesbitt
Rianne Downey
TRNSMT just as much fun as Glastonbury, say Sugababes
'Who is this man?' Garbage bemused after TRNSMT stage invasion
'I went from busking out my window to Glastonbury' 
Last year's festival was headlined by Calvin Harris, Liam Gallacher and Gerry Cinnamon.
Veteran performers Garbage, Travis, Natasha Bedingfield and the Sugababes also took the stage.
The festival is also known for hosting a number of Scottish artists across its four stages which last year included Indie rock band The Snuts and solo artists Cammy Barnes and Ili.
Around 50,000 people attended each day of the event, which first ran in 2017.
In the past, organisers have been criticised for a lack of diversity particularly with a lack of female headliners.
In the event's history only one woman has been involved in headlining the festival - Pulp keyboardist Candida Doyle in 2023.
Looking Back: Ardrossan and Saltcoats Herald highlights from May 2010
New culinary destination opens in historic church near Loch Lomond
Poignant medal for Argyll piping stalwart
'Progress takes hard work and time': Advice to sixth year school leavers
Tele's latest Scoop winner finally lands £50 prize - after years of trying
Six of the top stories from Helensburgh and Lomond in May 2010
Australian opposition party reeling after Albanese's landslide election win
Five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences
Sir John Curtice: The map that shows Reform's triumph was much more than a protest vote
Fear and loathing over van dwellers on Bristol's leafy streets
Harry bombshell 'backfires' and Reform 're-education'
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Chris Mason: Fireworks for Reform as Labour and Tories write election post-mortems
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Five things you may have missed in Sycamore Gap trial
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.