Bothe Kelce and Abrams made appearances onstage.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


Taylor Swift‘s Wembley Stadium show in London was star-studded on June 23, with Travis Kelce making a surprise appearance onstage before “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart” and Gracie Abrams surprising the crowd for the live debut of her Swift collaboration, “Us.”






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Gracie Abrams		
					






















	
		
					Taylor Swift		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Abrams joined SiriusXM to discuss the performance, revealing that the Kansas City Chiefs tight end playfully assured her before she stepped onstage. “Before we both went on, we were in the tent, and he was like — he went on right before I did, like, I think two songs or something. He’s like, ‘I’ll mess up so you look really good,’” She recalled.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	The singer added of the Eras Tour, “The thing is, is it’s just a community of really supportive people. Truly, everyone, whether you’re in the tent or in the top row in the stadium, it’s like everyone is there because there is such deep joy and feeling associated with all of the music that she’s put out over the past 18 years and it’s like, I don’t know. It’s a really magical thing.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	“Us” is featured on Abram’s 13-track sophomore studio album The Secret of Us, which was released just days before. The night they wrote the duet will be hard to forget, as the songwriting session wound up in flames: a candle caused a small kitchen fire that Swift managed to put out herself with a fire extinguisher.

	The 24-year-old Abrams spent the summer opening for Swift’s The Eras Tour, a role she’ll reprise on select dates in North America later this fall. She’ll head out on her very own headlining tour of theater-sized venues across the United States, starting Sept. 5 in Portland.

The Secret of Us features the previously-released tracks “Risk” and “Close to You,” which debuted at No. 49 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and it’s the followup to Abrams’ debut record Good Riddance, which arrived February 2023, peaking at No. 52 on the Billboard 200.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.