Emily in Paris season 4 has officially come to an end with the release of part 2 on Sept. 12. Once again, the season finds Emily bumbling through professional and personal woes, but she does so with a bubbly spirit, a great fashion sense, and a catch soundtrack to back her up! And thankfully, there's a new Mindy original in season 4 part 2 for all of us to obsess over.
In the season 4 finale, Mindy joins Emily in Rome and hops on a piano in the piazza to play on an original song she has been writing. When the song goes viral online thanks to a tourist's video, Emily later names the song "Beautiful Ruins," and that's really what the song is: beautiful! Ashley Park couldn't be more talented, and it's so exciting that she sings another original song for the series.
Park also has a few additional music moments in part 2, much more than in part 1. During the holiday episode that opened part 2, Park sings a cover of "Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas" and in another episode, she performs a sultry burlesque cover of the classic Britney Spears hit "Oops!... I Did It Again." Just like the originals, Park's covers are instantly iconic.
Beyond Ashley Park showing off her multiple talents in her role as Mindy, Emily in Paris season 4 part 2 features the usual Parisian score that sets the tone for the rom-com, and in this part of the season, there's an added Italian twist. The last two episodes of the season include American pop songs, which is a rare occurrence for the series. 
Lizzo and Gracie Abrams hits both soundtrack key romantic moments in season 4 part 2. When the season wrapped, Lily Collins shared a video from the wrap party with Lizzo's "2 Be Loved (Am I Ready)," which we now know was an Easter egg. The season ends with a wistful bit of romance (no spoilers!) to the tune of Gracie Abrams' impossibly catchy single "Close to You."
With the list featured below, we're sharing with fans all of the identifiable songs heard in each of Emily in Paris season 4 part 2's five episodes. Find your favorite song and add it to your playlist!
Which music moment from Emily in Paris season 4 part 2 is your favorite?
Watch Emily in Paris only on Netflix!
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.