The term "nepo baby" has become wildly popular in recent years, especially after publications like Cosmopolitan and Vulture released articles on celebrity children who have risen to fame because of their parents and their notoriety. Being a nepo baby has proven to be an advantage, with many critics claiming it has caused favoritism to occur in the entertainment industry.
With so many celebrities' children becoming overnight sensations, an incoming lineup of nepo babies will likely dominate pop culture and entertainment in the next few years. Here is a list of up-and-coming nepo babies to watch out for:
Blue Ivy Carter
Blue Ivy Carter went viral over the summer for performing alongside her mother Beyoncé on the Renaissance World Tour. However, this wasn't her first time participating in her mother's artistry. Her debut occurred on the singer's self-titled album in 2013, where she was featured on the song "Blue (feat. Blue Ivy)" and the music video for the track. A few years later, Blue Ivy was seen again in Beyoncé's "Formation" music video, wearing a white lace dress and dancing.
In 2019, Beyoncé created music for the live-action version of "The Lion King," releasing "The Lion King: The Gift." On this album, Blue Ivy sang "BROWN SKIN GIRL," earning her a Grammy Award for Best Music Video. Now, she is the second-youngest Grammy winner in history.
Blue Ivy may continue to expand her musical talents, especially with the help of her mother and father, rapper Jay-Z. Fans could see this potential in Beyoncé's concert film "Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé," which showed her daughter practicing choreography and even giving notes on her mother's setlist and performances.
Zaya Wade
With over 650,000 Instagram followers, Zaya Wade has become popular online for her modeling work. The daughter of former NBA player Dwyane Wade, she has become a model and fashion influencer. In 2022, the 16-year-old modeled for Tiffany & Co.'s new all-gender bracelets, which helped launch her modeling career. 
A year later, Wade made her runway debut for Miu Miu at Paris Fashion Week in March and appeared on her first magazine cover for DAZED. In July 2023, she was featured again in Miu Miu's campaign for its fall and winter collection, modeling oversized jackets and matching skirts with kitten heels. 
Zaya Wade has also become an influential nepo baby for her advocacy. She has participated in projects like the Dove Self-Esteem Project alongside her step-mother Gabrielle Union and even hosted Q&As for teen readers of Michelle Obama's memoir "Becoming" in 2021. 
After coming out as transgender in 2020, Wade has since made it a priority to advocate for LGBTQIA issues and rights. She told Dove, "As a trans person, once I came out, there was a lot of hateful comments about how I should grow my hair out long or fit into a certain version of femininity, even though that's not true at all. That kind of advice is just trying to break you, but don't let it."
Gracie Abrams
Over the course of the last year, Gracie Abrams has blown up online. After opening for Taylor Swift this past summer, it's no shock that the singer likely got the gig because of her lineage. The daughter of filmmaker J.J. Abrams and film and television producer Katie McGrath, Abrams began releasing music in 2019. 
Her first few singles, "Mean It" and "Stay," gained traction, but her EP, 2020's "minor,"helped launch her into the mainstream. Songs like "I miss you, I'm sorry" attracted the likes of Swift and other artists, with the two performing the track at the Cincinnati stop of her "Eras Tour" in July. 
Last year, the 24-year-old released her debut album, "Good Riddance," leading her to work with one of Swift's major collaborators, The National's Aaron Dessner. The album gained her a Grammy nomination for Best New Artist.
Abrams reflected on her privilege with Rolling Stone, saying, "There are a million visible and even more invisible advantages to having family members who are in any entertainment industry. I know how hard I work, and I know how separate I've kept (my parents) from every conversation about anything career-wise."
Nico Parker
The daughter of actress Thandiwe Newton and director Ol Parker, Nico Parker is being recognized for her work in movies such as "Dumbo" and television shows like "The Last of Us." Growing up on movie sets as a child, the actress became familiarized with her parents' professions, inspiring her to eventually also take on a role in the entertainment industry.
In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, she said, "I was lucky to be able to experience that at such a young age, but because I was so little, it was just like, this is just my parents' job. I didn't see it as a flashy, exciting thing."
Parker recently won Sundance Film Festival's Breakthrough Performance Award for her role in her upcoming project, "Suncoast." She is also filming for the live-action remake of "How To Train Your Dragon," and has worked with established actors such as Woody Harrelson, Pedro Pascal and Laura Linney.
There's no doubt Nico Parker will be turning heads for her upcoming performances. Already having ample experience, the actress seems to be on everyone's radar in 2024.
grace_koe
gk011320@ohio.edu