Fontaines D.C., The Script, Gracie Abrams, Inhaler, Confidence Man, Kneecap and more are also set to perform at the festival 
50 Cent, Biffy Clyro and Snow Patrol are set to headline TRNSMT 2025. Check out the line-up and ticket details below.
Organisers, who previously polled potential festivalgoers on who they’d like to see headline, have announced the first wave of acts for next year’s festival, which will be heading back to its Glasgow Green home from July 11-13 2025 for its eighth edition.
Early bird tickets will be available from 9am on Friday (December 6) here, while you can sign up for the TRNSMT presale before 9am on Thursday (December 5) here. People on the Three mobile network can sign up for presale tickets on the Three+ rewards app too.
Alongside the headliners, the likes of Fontaines D.C., The Script, Gracie Abrams, Inhaler, Confidence Man, Kneecap, The Kooks, The Lathums and Wet Leg are set to appear. Other acts include Jamie Webster, Twin Atlantic, Jake Bugg, Sigrid, Wunderhorse, Underworld, Shed Seven and Nina Nesbitt.
Also playing will be Calum Bowie, The Royston Club, Tanner Adell, Alessi Rose, Biig Piig, Amble, James Marriott, The K’s, Kerr Mercer, Nieve Ella and Rianne Downey, with more set to be announced in the lead-up to the event.
The TRNSMT 2025 line-up. CREDIT: Press
Geoff Ellis, festival director, said: “After a record-breaking sell-out in 2024, we can’t wait to have everyone back for the eighth year of incredible live music. We’ve worked hard to pull together an eclectic lineup including homegrown headliners and global icons, spanning a range of genres we know music fans of all ages will love.
“There are plenty more acts and festival experiences to be announced next year so, keep your eyes peeled.”
Twin Atlantic frontman Sam McTrusty said: “We are already sure TRNSMT is going to be a highlight of our summer next year. It’s our 3rd time playing the festival which is huge for us because it’s in our hometown and that kind of support from your own is absolutely stunning. We are buzzing to be playing.”
Kneecap, meanwhile, said: “Glasgow is always one of our favourite cities to play in, best people you’ll meet and Barrowlands is fucking epic. To be playing the biggest festival in the city now we are absolutely buzzing,” while Bugg added: “Really looking forward to TRNSMT, see you all there next July!”
50 Cent becomes the first rapper to headline TRNSMT since Stormzy in 2019, while Biffy Clyro – who also headlined the festival’s inaugural 2017 edition – and Snow Patrol ensure that the festival will have two homegrown headliners for the second year in succession.
Last year, Scots Calvin Harris and Gerry Cinnamon headlined alongside Liam Gallagher, who played ‘Definitely Maybe’ in its entirety as part of the Oasis album’s 30th anniversary celebrations.
Other past headliners have included Arctic Monkeys, Pulp, Radiohead, The Killers and The Chemical Brothers.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.