By 

	Jon Blistein


Gracie Abrams will follow-up her debut album, Good Riddance, with a sophomore effort, The Secret of Us, set to arrive June 21.

	Abrams announced the album and shared the ostensible cover art on Instagram, describing The Secret of Us as “the album that I made with some of my favorite people” (followed by a whole bunch of exclamation points). She added that “Aaron produced the shit out of it” — likely referring to the National’s Aaron Dessner, who helmed Good Riddance — and noted that Abby (ostensibly her cousin and the subject of Abrams’ 2022 holiday demo, “Abby”) photographed the cover. 

	“We had real, true fun writing this album,” Abrams wrote. “There were also the occasional tears.”
A post shared by Gracie Abrams (@gracieabrams)

	The first single from The Secret of Us will be “Risk,” which is set to arrive May 1. Abrams said she wrote “Risk” with her best friend/collaborator Audrey Hobert “on our couch at home,” adding: “The music is yours in basically five seconds and we cannot wait. I. Love. You.”

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








Good Riddance arrived last February, following Abrams’ two EPs, 2020’s Minor — which featured her breakthrough single, “I Miss You, I’m Sorry” — and 2021’s This Is What It Feels Like. She then spent much of last summer opening for Taylor Swift during the North American leg of the Eras Tour and earned a Grammy nomination for Best New Artist. 

Speaking with Rolling Stone last year, ahead of the release of Good Riddance and all the success that followed, Abrams spoke about the incredible impact songwriting has had on her life. “I feel really more grateful than I ever have for what songwriting has provided me just as a person outside of music,” she said. “I grew up using it as a tool to process shit but like…to have done it and to finish something…I very much felt like I had kind of done the grieving and really let go of what I needed to.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.