By BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:54, 12 September 2024   |  Updated:  07:20, 12 September 2024   
 13
View  comments
Chappell Roan brought fans back to medieval times with a rousing performance at the 2024 MTV VMAs on Wednesday. 
The 26-year-old singer (born Kayleigh Rose Amstutz) donned a unique suit of armor and took entered the castle stage brandishing a flaming crossbow for her performance at the UBS Arena on Wednesday.
She performed her global hit Good Luck Babe on stage, a performance which showed her briefly dueling with several knights in armor.
Her performance drew raucous applause from the New York City crowd, which lead to her first ever VMA win.
She took home the coveted Best New Artist, beating out Benson Boone, Gracie Abrams, Shaboozey, Teddy Swims and Tyla.
Chappell Roan brought fans back to medieval times with a rousing performance at the 2024 MTV VMAs on Wednesday
She performed her global hit Good Luck Babe on stage, a performance which showed her briefly dueling with several knights in armor
She took home the coveted Best New Artist, beating out Benson Boone, Gracie Abrams, Shaboozey, Teddy Swims and Tyla
The performance began with Roan - brandishing a flaming crossbow and donning a an armored chest plate with a full-body suit of chain main and a girdle of sorts that provided a makeshift thong of sorts.
She turned and fired the flaming crossbow 'into' the castle as it started going up in very controlled flames. 
She also wore metal armor plates over her legs as she broke into her hit song, which debuted back in April and has launched her career into the stratosphere.
The singer was flanked by a slew of sword-bearing 'knights'/dancers, who she briefly dueled with and pushed aside early into the performance.
Many in the audience were heard singing, as she provaktively played with one of the swords while singing a lyric about a 'sexually explicit kind of love affair.'
After the performance, she took home the Best New Artist Award, donning a unique hooded sleeveless dress.
'Can you believe it? We’re at the VMAs! I’m gonna read from—I wrote a speech—from my diary,' she began.
'Thank you, MTV and Island Records and my team and my family and friends. I dedicate this to all the drag artists who inspire me, who inspire me, and I dedicate this to queer and trans people that fuel pop, to the gays who dedicate my songs to someone they love or hate,' she said. 
The performance began with Roan - brandishing a flaming crossbow and donning a an armored chest plate with a full-body suit of chain main and a girdle of sorts that provided a makeshift thong of sorts
She turned and fired the flaming crossbow 'into' the castle as it started going up in very controlled flames
She also wore metal armor plates over her legs as she broke into her hit song, which debuted back in April and has launched her career into the stratosphere
She took home the coveted Best New Artist, beating out Benson Boone, Gracie Abrams, Shaboozey, Teddy Swims and Tyla.
After the performance, she took home the Best New Artist Award, donning a unique hooded sleeveless dress
'Can you believe it? We’re at the VMAs! I’m gonna read from—I wrote a speech—from my diary,' she began
Video Of The Year: Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone - Fortnight
Artist Of The Year: Taylor Swift 
Best Pop: Taylor Swift 
Best Collaboration: Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone - Fortnight
Best Direction:  Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone - Fortnight
Best Editing: Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone - Fortnight
Song Of Summer: Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone - Fortnight 
Taylor Swift earned seven MTV VMAs to become most decorated solo artist ever
 Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award: Katy Perry
Song Of The Year: Sabrina Carpenter - Espresso
Best New Artist: Chappell Roan
Best Latin: Anitta - Mil Veces
Best Afrobeats: Tyla - Water
Best K-Pop: Lisa - Rockstar 
Video For Good: Billie Eilish - What Was I Made For 
 VMAs Most Iconic Performance: Katy Perry - Roar
'And thank you to the people who are fans, who listen to me, who hear me when I share my joy and my fears. Thank you for listening,' the singer continued. 
'And for all the queer kids in the Midwest watching right now, I see you, I understand you, because I’m one of you, and don’t ever let anyone tell you that you can’t be exactly who you wanna be, b***h,' she concluded to raucous applause.
Roan's Good Luck Babe debuted at #77 on the Billboard Hot 100 singles charts in April, and by August it was up to #2.
Her debut album - The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess - was released in 2023 and landed on several best albums of the year list, but it wasn't a huge commercial hit.
By early 2024 the album had started climbing the charts, cracking the top 5 on the Billboard 200 album charts and reaching #1 in Ireland. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group