Chappell Roan and Gracie Abrams are nominated for both support/special guest of the year and new headliner of the year, a sign of their fast climbs to headliner status.

													By
												

	Paul Grein


Coldplay, Morgan Wallen, Noah Kahan, Olivia Rodrigo, Taylor Swift and Zach Bryan are vying for major tour of the year at the 2025 Pollstar Awards.

	This marks a fairly young roster of nominees in the top category. Rodrigo, Kahan and Bryan are in their 20s, Wallen and Swift are in their 30s and the members of Coldplay are in their mid-40s. The relative youth of these headliners, and the range of genres they represent — encompassing pop, rock and country — is considered a healthy sign for the touring industry.

	The Pollstar Awards recognize the most innovative and successful artists, tours, companies, venues and executives in the touring industry. Winners will be announced on Feb. 19 at the awards ceremony, which is slated to be held at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills, Calif.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Impressively, Chappell Roan and Gracie Abrams are nominated for both support/special guest of the year and new headliner of the year, a sign of their fast climbs to headliner status. Roan is nominated for support/special guest of the year for opening for Rodrigo, while brams is nominated in the support category for opening for Swift.

	The other nominees for new headliner of the year are Charli XCX, Fred again.., Sabrina Carpenter and Sleep Token, a rock band from London. Thus, four of the six nominees for new headliner of the year are women.

	Elsewhere, three of the six nominees for residency of the year were held at The Sphere in Las Vegas: Dead & Company, Eagles and U2.

	“Once again, this year’s nominees represent the best of the best, showcasing the incredible talent, innovation, and hard work that drives our industry,” said Ray Waddell, chief content director of OVG Media & Conferences, which produces Pollstar Live!, Production Live!, and the Pollstar Awards.

	A new honor this year is the Maxie Solters Award – Touring Publicist of the Year, recognizing the highest achievement for a public relations executive in the live touring industry. The award was named in tribute to the widely-respected Scoop Marketing publicist, who died on Aug. 15 at age 37.

	Nominations were submitted by the Pollstar Awards nominating committee, which is comprised of agents, promoters, managers, producers, production professionals, venue representatives, Pollstar Boxoffice reporters and other touring professionals.

	Pollstar subscribers can vote by logging into Pollstar.com to access their ballot. Voting is open now through December 6 at 5 p.m. PT. In addition to subscriber votes, data reporting and ticket sales will be weighted elements in the final results in some categories. 

	The Pollstar Awards ceremony is a highlight of the three-day Pollstar Live! conference, which is set to take place Feb. 18-20 at the Beverly Hilton. Registration is now open. Go to Pollstar.live to register and for the latest announcements about keynote speakers, panelists, session topics and more.

	Here are the 36th Annual Pollstar Awards nominees in selected categories. View all the nominees at news.pollstar.com.

	Coldplay, Music of the Spheres World Tour

	Morgan Wallen, One Night at a Time 2024

	Noah Kahan, We’ll All Be Here Forever Tour

	Olivia Rodrigo, Guts World Tour

	Taylor Swift, The Eras Tour

	Zach Bryan, The Quittin Time Tour

	Blink-182, The More Time Tour

	Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band, 2024 World Tour

	Coldplay, Music of the Spheres World Tour

	Foo Fighters, Everything or Nothing at All Tour

	Green Day, The Saviors Tour

	Metallica, M72 World Tour

	$uicideboy$, Grey Day Tour 2024

	Drake, It’s All A Blur Tour

	Megan Thee Stallion, Hot Girl Summer Tour

	Missy Elliott, Out of This World – The Missy Elliott Experience

	Nicki Minaj, Pink Friday 2 World Tour

	Travis Scott, The Circus Maximus Tour

	Janet Jackson, Janet Jackson: Together Again

	Jhené Aiko, The Magic Hour Tour

	Kehlani, The Crash World Tour

	Maxwell, The Serenade Tour

	Usher, Usher: Past Present Future Tour

	XSCAPE & SWV, The Queens of R&B Tour

	Billie Eilish, Hit Me Hard and Soft: The Tour

	Charli XCX & Troye Sivan, Charli XCX & Troye Sivan Present: Sweat

	Justin Timberlake, The Forget Tomorrow World Tour

	Olivia Rodrigo, Guts World Tour

	P!nk, Summer Carnival 2024

	Taylor Swift, The Eras Tour

	Chris Stapleton, All-American Road Show

	Jelly Roll, The Beautifully Broken Tour

	Kenny Chesney, Sun Goes Down 2024 Tour

	Lainey Wilson, Country’s Cool Again Tour

	Morgan Wallen, One Night at a Time 2024

	Tyler Childers, Mule Pull ‘24 Tour

	Zach Bryan, The Quittin’ Time Tour.

	Bad Bunny, Most Wanted Tour

	Carin León, Boca Chueca Tour 2024

	Fuerza Regida, Pero No Te Enamores Tour 2024

	Karol G, Mañana Será Bonito Tour

	Luis Miguel, Luis Miguel Tour 2023-24

	Peso Pluma, Éxodo Tour 2024

	Gabriel Iglesias, Don’t Worry Be Fluffy Tour

	Jim Gaffigan,  Barely Alive Tour

	Matt Rife, ProbleMATTic World Tour

	Nate Bargatze, The Be Funny Tour

	Nikki Glaser, Alive and Unwell Tour

	Sebastian Maniscalco, It Ain’t Right

	Adele at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace/Neue Messe München

	Billy Joel at Madison Square Garden

	Dead & Company at The Sphere

	Eagles at The Sphere

	Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit at Ryman Auditorium

	U2 at The Sphere

	Chappell Roan for Olivia Rodrigo

	Ciara/Timbaland for Missy Elliott

	Gracie Abrams for Taylor Swift

	Paramore for Taylor Swift

	The Smashing Pumpkins for Green Day

	Zac Brown Band for Kenny Chesney

	Chappell Roan

	Charli XCX

	Fred again..

	Gracie Abrams

	Sabrina Carpenter

	Sleep Token
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.