Taylor Swift performs at the Caesars Superdome during her Eras Tour concert in New Orleans, Friday, Oct. 25, 2024. (Photo by Sophia Germer, The Times-Picayune)
A moment that lasted 2 minutes, 41 seconds on the second night of the Eras Tour will be cherished forever by Taylor Swift, the pop star told 65,000 fans inside the Caesars Superdome Saturday night.
Swift, who was well into her three-hour concert, was wearing a long red dress while performing "Champagne Problems" from her "Evermore" album.
At a moss-topped piano, she belted, "One for the money, two for the show/I never was ready, so I watch you go." 
As she repeated, "You won't remember my champagne problems" to end the song, nearly every person in attendance hopped to their feet.
By the time Swift looked up, her fans were screaming and cheering, with the standing ovation lasting nearly 3 minutes. At one point, Swift took out her earpiece so she could hear the yells take over the Dome.
"We're just never going to forget that you did that for us, that you — New Orleans — just did that for us," she said. "Thank you, forever." 
Swift and opener Gracie Abrams both praised New Orleans fans on the first two nights of the Eras Tour. They will both perform again Sunday to wrap up the New Orleans stop.
Nola.com reporter Justin Mitchell contributed to this report.
Email Chelsea Shannon at cshannon@theadvocate.com.
In the run-up to “The Man,” Taylor Swift’s especially melodic reproach of glass ceilings and vestiges of the patriarchy, she flexed her biceps…
Taylor Swift stopped, smiled, turned around in every direction she could on stage, and admired the 65,000 fans screaming and cheering for her …
After declaring New Orleans as one of the best food cities in the world during Night 1 of Taylor Swift's The Eras Tour, Gracie Abrams thanked …
If you had told me months ago that, despite not getting tickets for night two of the "Eras Tour" stop in New Orleans during Ticketmaster's ini…
Food and Dining Reporter
News Tips:nolanewstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: