J.Cole's surprise-release mixtape "Might Delete Later" debuts at No. 2.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Beyoncé ties-up Australia’s chart for a second week with Cowboy Carter (Columbia/Sony), while Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” makes its six weeks atop the national singles survey. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					






















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					Beyoncé		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The top debut on the latest ARIA Albums Chart belongs to U.S. rapper J.Cole, as his surprise-release mixtape Might Delete Later (Interscope/Universal) bows at No. 2. It’s the followup to 2021’s The Off-Season, which peaked No. 3, and 2018’s KOD, which went to No. 1 on the ARIA Chart. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	The podium is completed by Ariana Grande’s former leader Eternal Sunshine (Universal), down 2-3 in its fifth week on the survey. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Beloved Australian singer and songwriter Missy Higgins returns to the top 10 with her debut The Sound Of White (Eleven: A Music Company/Universal), boosted by the release of a 20th anniversary edition.

	Originally issued in 2004, The Sound Of White reigned over the chart for seven non-consecutive weeks and went on to win album of the year at the 2005 ARIA Awards. Her next two LPs, 2007’s On A Clear Night and 2012’s The Ol’ Razzle Dazzle, also reached the chart zenith.

The Sound Of White returns at No. 6 on the ARIA Albums Chart, published Friday, April 12, ahead of the release this September of a new album, The Second Act, which she has described as a “kind of sequel” to her debut.

	Also making an impact on the latest chart is American singer and songwriter Conan Gray’s Found Heaven (Universal) at No. 10; U.S. retro psychedelic-lounge trio Khruangbin’s A La Sala (Dead Oceans/RKT), new at No. 14; and Melbourne metalcore group Alpha Wolf’s Half Living Things (CVA/Sony), which opens its account at No. 19. 

	Over on the ARIA Singles Chart, Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” (Warner Records) locks up top spot again, while the collection from which it is lifted, Fireworks & Rollerblades, arrives at No. 17 on the albums survey. Also, new release “Slow It Down” speeds 35-24 on the ARIA Singles Chart. Boone will visit Australia and New Zealand this September for a brief tour, produced by Frontier Touring, in support of his debut set.

	Meanwhile, Irish singer and songwriter Hozier‘s “Too Sweet” (Columbia/Sony) improves 8-2, matching the peak of his signature song “Take Me To Church,” from 2013.

	










	Finally, British-Cypriot producer Artemas is on the rise, as his U.K. hit “I Like The Way You Kiss Me” (10K/ADA) lifts 7-3 on the ARIA Chart, while his previous single “If U Think I’m Pretty” gains 64-37.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.