(Illustration by Christopher Cherrington  |  The Salt Lake Tribune) Salt Lake's 2024 Spotify Wrapped features artists like Taylor Swift, Morgan Wallen, Post Malone, Zach Bryan and more.
‘Tis the season to share your list of the music that got you through 2024. The heartbreak anthems. The tracks played on repeat. The summer bangers.
This week, subscribers to one of the world’s most popular music and podcast streaming services woke up to the moment they look forward to — or brace for — every year: their Spotify Wrapped recap. The company’s look back on its users’ year in music is a social media holiday tradition each December, when people boldly — or, perhaps, sheepishly — post their listening habits for all to see.
Spotify provided The Salt Lake Tribune with 2024 data on Salt Lake City’s favorites. Here are the results:
Salt Lake City’s top five artists in 2024:
1. Taylor Swift
2. Zach Bryan
3. Morgan Wallen
4. $uicideboy$
5. Drake 
Swift, with over 26.6 billion streams across the globe, is Spotify’s 2024 Global Top Artist. 
Utah’s love for country music shows through artists like Bryan, who is set to perform back-to-back nights at the Delta Center this weekend on his “The Quittin’ Time Tour.”
Salt Lake City’s top songs of 2024 on Spotify deviate slightly from the top artists list:
1. “Beautiful Things” by Benson Boone
2. “Stick Season” by Noah Kahan
3. “I Remember Everything (feat. Kacey Musgraves)” by Zach Bryan
4. “I Had Some Help (feat. Morgan Wallen)” by Post Malone
5. “Too Sweet” by Hozier
Indie, sad boy music aficionado Kahan played at Utah First Credit Union Amphitheatre in August, and Irishman Hozier also visited Utah earlier in the year on his “Unreal Unearth” tour.
Utah convert Post Malone’s track with Morgan Wallen exploded this summer and helped usher in Malone’s current country music era. He will bring his music to Utah for his first-ever stadium tour in 2025.
Boone, an American singer-songwriter whose “Beautiful Things” has grown popular on TikTok, also has Utah connections.
His mentor is Dan Reynolds of Imagine Dragons, he grew up in a Latter-day Saint family and the music video for “Beautiful Things” was filmed just outside of St. George. His upcoming tour has a stop in Utah, too.
The top albums of 2024 in Salt Lake City are:
1. “THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT: THE ANTHOLOGY” by Taylor Swift
2. “Stick Season” by Noah Kahan
3. “One Thing At A Time” by Morgan Wallen
4. “Fireworks & Rollerblades” by Benson Boone
5. “Short n’ Sweet“ by Sabrina Carpenter
Carpenter performed at the Delta Center last month and is one of a number of pop artists that rocketed to the top of Spotify’s 2024 charts, alongside artists like Chappell Roan and the Utah Hockey Club’s favorite — Shaboozey.
Salt Lake City’s 2024 recap crosses over in many places with Spotify’s overall 2024 data. 
Here is what Spotify users were listening to statewide this year: 
Top Artists of 2024:
1. Taylor Swift
2. Zach Bryan
3. Morgan Wallen
4. $uicideboy$
5. Post Malone
Top Songs of 2024:
1. “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” by Shaboozey
2. “I Had Some Help (Feat. Morgan Wallen)” by Post Malone
3. “I Remember Everything (feat. Kacey Musgraves)” by Zach Bryan
4. “Beautiful Things” by Benson Boone
5. “Stick Season” by Noah Kahan
Top Albums of 2024:
1. THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT: THE ANTHOLOGY by Taylor Swift
2. Stick Season by Noah Kahan
3. One Thing At A Time by Morgan Wallen
4. Fireworks & Rollerblades by Benson Boone
5. Short n’ Sweet by Sabrina Carpenter
PREMIUM
Report a missed paper by emailing subscribe@sltrib.com or calling 801-237-2900
For e-edition questions or comments, contact customer support 801-237-2900 or email subscribe@sltrib.com
sltrib.com © 1996-2025 The Salt Lake Tribune. All rights reserved.