"Eternal Sunshine" enters a third week atop the ARIA Albums Chart.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Ariana Grande holds at No. 1 in Australia with Eternal Sunshine and, again, narrowly misses the chart double. 

	As Eternal Sunshine (via Universal) enters a third week atop the ARIA Albums Chart, Ariana’s album cut “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love)” enters a second week at No. 2 on the national singles tally. 

	Coming in at No. 2 on the albums list is Future and Metro Boomin’s We Don’t Trust You (Universal/Sony), their first collaborative collection. It’s Future’s 10th career title on the albums chart, including a No. 1 with 2022’s I Never Liked You. Metro Boomin landed at No. 4 in 2020 with Savage Mode II, a collaboration with 21 Savage, and solo LP Heroes & Villains peaked at No. 5 in 2022. Three tracks from We Don’t Trust You appear on the ARIA Singles Chart, led by “Like That” at No. 8.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					






















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					Future		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Closing out the top three on the ARIA Albums Chart, published Friday, March 29, is Olivia Rodrigo’s sophomore LP Guts (Geffen/Universal), which benefits from the release of the “Spilled” edition, which includes one new track and four songs that were previously only available on wax. One of those new releases “Obsessed,” arrives at No. 16 on the singles chart, for Rodrigo’s 16th top 20 appearance, ARIA reports. Three of those have climbed the chart mountain: “Drivers Licence,” “Good 4 U” and “Vampire.” Following its September 2023 release, Guts debuted at No. 1 in Australia and logged two weeks at the summit. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Meanwhile, Australian pop duo the Veronicas bag a top 10 debut with Gothic Summer (Virgin Music Australia/Universal). Produced by Goldfinger’s John Feldmann and featuring a cast of top-flight collaborators, including Travis Barker, Gothic Summer is new at No. 6. The Brisbane sisters (Jessica and Lisa Origliasso) have cracked the top 10 with all six of their studio albums, the first three of which peaked No. 2: The Secret Life Of… (2005), Hook Me Up (2007) and The Veronicas (2014). 

	Over on the ARIA Singles Chart, also published Friday, Benson Boone bags a fourth week at No. 1 with “Beautiful Things,” atop an unchanged top three.

	Finally, Irish singer and songwriter Hozier returns to the top 10 with “Too Sweet” (Columbia/Sony), new at No. 10. That’s his first solo top 40 hit since 2015, when “Someone New” peaked at No. 24. His career best in these parts came with his 2013’s “Take Me To Church,” which sailed to No. 2. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.