By SEAN O'GRADY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  14:54, 11 November 2024   |  Updated:  15:00, 11 November 2024   
 2
View  comments
Charli XCX is leading the pack at this year's Rolling Stones UK Awards with three nominations at the upcoming show.
Raye has received recognition in the Song of the Year category for both Genesis and Prada while Dua Lipa got nods for Song of the Year and Live Act. 
Fresh off Brat Summer, Charli has been nominated for the Artist Award, the Album Award for Brat, Song of the Year for Guess with Billie Eilish. 
Other notable nominees for Song of the Year include Jade Thirlwall's Angel of My Dreams, Dua Lipa's Training Session, Hozier's Too Sweet, Chase & Status and Stormzy for Backbone. 
For the Artist Award, Charli will face competition for FKA Twiga, Nia Archives, Zayn, CMAT, Nubya Garcia, Rachel Chinouirir, and Yannis & The Law.  
Charli XCX is leading the pack at this year's Rolling Stones UK Awards with three nominations at the upcoming show
Raye has received recognition in the Song of the Year category for both Genesis and Prada
Dua Lipa got nods for Song of the Year and Live Act at the upcoming show 
For Live Act, Dua will compete alongside Barry Can't Swim, Confidence Man, High Vis, Little Simz and Sugababes. 
It comes after Charli was snubbed on Sunday night after she failed to pick up any awards at the MTV EMAs despite being nominated for five gongs. 
Receiving nominations for accolades including Best Video and Best Collaboration, the singer lost out to Taylor Swift on both occasions. 
And she wasn't the only popstar to be snubbed as Chappell Roan also failed to bag any awards despite four nominations.
Charli lost out to Ariana Grande who scooped the award for Best Pop and was left empty handed once again as RAYE took home the award for Best UK and Ireland Act.
Meanwhile Taylor's hit Fortnight which featured Post Malone pipped Charli to the post for both Best Video and Best Collaboration as it triumphed against her Guess collaboration with Billie Eilish. 
Elsewhere Chappell's hit Good Luck, Babe! lost out to Sabrina Carpenter's catchy Espresso tune in the Best Song category.
The singer-songwriter also lost out in the Best New category to Benson Boone, before both Chappell and Charli were beaten by Blackpink member LISA in the Biggest Fan category. 
Zayn has joined Charli XCX among the nominees for the Artist Award 
Jade Thirlwall's debut solo single Angel Of My Dreams was nominated for Song of the Year
Neither Charli or Chappell Roan attended the event at Manchester's Co-op Live Arena. 
Meanwhile Hozier lost out to Imagine Dragons in the Best Alternative category, despite the huge success of his recent single Too Sweet. 
However perhaps Chappell won't be too disappointed by her lack of awards at the MTV EMAs after she recently revealed she is more than happy to walk away empty handed from next year's Grammy's despite scoring six nomination.  
In a resurfaced interview with The Face from September, the 26-year-old admitted that she didn't want to win a gong at the Grammys.
'I'm kind of hoping I don't win,' she told the publication.
'Because then everyone will get off my a**. ​"See guys, we did it and we didn't win, bye!" I won't have to do this again!' 
Charli is also one of the most nominated artists at next year's Grammy's after it was revealed on Friday she has received an impressive seven nominations. 
Following the huge success of her album Brat, the hitmaker is set to battle it out for both Album Of The Year, and Record Of The Year for her song 360. 
Taylor Swift dominated the winner's board at the MTV European Music Awards held in Manchester on Sunday, despite not being in attendance herself. 
Taylor - who is about to begin the final leg of her record-breaking Eras Tour in Canada - won in the Best Artist category and Best Live Artist category, as well as Best Video and Best US Act also went to the American star. 
Taylor missed the awards held in the UK as she was attending her boyfriend Travis Kelce's football game where his team the Kansas City Chiefs played against the Denver Broncos at Arrowhead Stadium.
Best Hip-Hop award went to Eminem while the Best Electronic gong went to Calvin Harris.
It comes after Charli was snubbed on Sunday night after she failed to pick up any awards at the MTV EMAs despite being nominated for five gongs
Taylor Swift dominated the winner's board at the MTV European Music Awards held in Manchester on Sunday, despite not being in attendance herself 
The hitmaker appeared via video link while accepting  the Best Video award at the MTV EMAs on Sunday evening - one of four awards she won on the night
Elsewhere Jimin won in the Best K-Pop category while Peso Pluma was victorious in the Best Latin group. 
The Best R&B and Best Afrobeats awards went to Tyla - who also performed at the event while the Best New award went to Benson Boone who opened the show with his hits.
The Best Rock award went to Liam Gallagher while Busta Rhymes accepted the Global Icon award at the event. 
The Best Collaboration award went to LISA feat. Rosalía for their hit NEW WOMAN.
Rita Ora made history as the first person to host the MTV European Music Awards for the third time this year, at the star-studded ceremony held at Manchester's Co-op Live Arena.
It came after organisers were forced to cancel last year's event in Paris due to security fears amid the Israel and Hamas war.
The Rolling Stone UK Awards take place on November 28 at the Roundhouse in Camden, London.  
Album Award 
Charli XCX – Brat
Fontaines D.C. – Romance
English Teacher – This Could Be Texas
Ezra Collective – Dance, No One’s Watching
Ghetts – On Purpose, with Purpose
The Last Dinner Party – Prelude to Ecstasy
Nia Archives – Silence Is Loud
Wunderhorse – Midas
Group Award  
Blossoms
D-Block Europe
English Teacher
Ezra Collective
Fontaines D.C.
Lankum
NewDad
Sleep Token
Play Next 
Nieve Ella
Master Peace
Brooke Combe
Elmiene
MRCY
Nia Smith
Artist Award  
FKA twigs
Nia Archives
Zayn
CMAT
Nubya Garcia
Rachel Chinouriri
Yannis & the Yaw
Charli XCX
Live Act 
Barry Can’t Swim
Confidence Man
Dua Lipa
High Vis
Little Simz
Sugababes
Festival Award 
2000Trees
Download Festival
Wide Awake
End of the Road
Reading & Leeds
Song of the Year  
Cassö, D-Block Europe + RAYE – Prada
Charli XCX + Billie Eilish – Guess
Dua Lipa – Training Season
Chase & Status + Stormzy – Backbone
Fontaines D.C. – Starburster
Hozier – Too Sweet
JADE – Angel of My Dreams
RAYE - Genesis
Breakthrough Award  
Barry Can’t Swim
Fat Dog
Lava La Rue
English Teacher
Kenya Grace
Rachel Chinouriri
Record Label Award  
Communion Music
Island Records
Domino
Ninja Tune
Sony Music
XL Recordings

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group