Hozier looks set to hold onto the U.K. singles chart title for another week with "Too Sweet."

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Hozier looks set to hold onto the U.K. singles chart title for another week, at least, while Perrie Edwards, Dua Lipa and Sabrina Carpenter are predicted to crash the top 10.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					beyonce		
					






















	
		
					Dua Lipa		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Last Friday, April 12, Hozier topped the chart for the first time in his career with “Too Sweet” (Island), going one better than the No. 2 peak for his signature song “Get Me to the Church” from a decade ago.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	According to the Official Charts Company, “Too Sweet” leads the midweek chart, ahead of Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” (Warner Records) and Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold ‘Em” (Columbia/Parkwood Ent), respectively, and is expected to nab a second straight week at No. 1. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Meanwhile, Little Mix’s Perrie has got her solo career off to a strong start with “Forget About Us” (Columbia). It’s new at No. 6 on the Official Chart Update, and could give the British pop artist the top debut for the week. As a member of Little Mix, Perrie has five U.K. No. 1 singles, 19 top 10s and 32 top 40 appearances. 

	Another chart superstar is close behind, Dua Lipa. The pop singer’s “Illusion” (Warner Records) starts at No. 7 on the Official Chart Update, and should give Lipa a third consecutive top 10 single from her forthcoming album Radical Optimism, due out May 3, and 16th across her career.

	U.S. pop singer and actor Sabrina Carpenter could ride a caffeine rush to her first-ever top 10 appearance with “Espresso” (Island). It pours into the chart blast at No. 10. Carpenter has three career top 40 appearances in the U.K., with a best of No. 19 for 2023’s “Feather.”

	Finally, Manchester chart heavyweights Oasis could return to the top 40 with “Supersonic” (Big Brother). The Rock Hall nominated group’s debut single this year celebrates its 30th anniversary, and currently sits at No. 14. That’s well up on its peak position of No. 31 following its release back in 1994.

	All will be revealed when the Official U.K. Singles Chart is published Friday, April 19.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.