BLOOMINGTON — While contested races at the local, state and congressional levels spurred thousands of voters to cast ballots ahead of today's primary election, early voting totals remain well below the last presidential primary year.
A crowded Democratic primary field of potential challengers to then-incumbent President Donald Trump strengthened early turnout in 2020, even though the election took place weeks into the emergence of the COVID-19 pandemic. This year, Trump and President Joe Biden each emerged early as the only serious contenders for their respective parties' nominations, and liberal McLean County voters have few contested races to decide. 
In the Olympia school district, voters from both parties will decide the fate of two measures the district said would give it greater financial flexibility to meet maintenance and staffing needs without raising property tax rates. 
On Monday, the McLean County Clerk’s Office reported 1,193 residents had voted early in person and 1,667 had submitted mail-in ballots. Previous Pantagraph reporting from the eve of 2020 primary election found about 3,300 people had voted early and 1,411 had voted by mail in the county's jurisdiction. 
Luke Stremlau, executive director of the Bloomington Election Commission, said by Monday afternoon, early voting turnout was down compared to 2020, but voting by mail had increased.
“In 2020, we had 3,399 early voters, we sent out 1,585 vote by mail ballots and received 1,318 of those ballots back,” he wrote in an email to The Pantagraph. “As of now, we have had 1,321 early voters, we sent out 3,603 votes by mail ballots and have received 2,045 of those ballots back.”
The Republican ballot has three contested races for McLean County positions, including two County Board seats and circuit clerk.
Incumbent Don Everhart is being challenged by Jason Dazey for circuit clerk.
Mike O’Neil and Dennis Grundler are running to take Jim Soeldner’s seat for District 2 of the County Board, and Brian Loeffler is challenging incumbent George O. Wendt for District 3.
Two Republicans are running for the chance to take the 17th Congressional District from incumbent Democratic Rep. Eric Sorensen. Scott Crowl, a farmer from Milan and a former president of a local American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees council, faces Joe McGraw, a retired judge and former prosecutor who sat on the bench in the 17th Judicial Circuit, which covers Boone and Winnebago counties.
The 17th is a C-shaped district that includes the urban cores of Bloomington-Normal, Peoria, Rockford and the Quad-Cities area, along with significant portions of rural northwestern and central Illinois.
For the General Assembly, Republicans Regan Deering and Chuck Erickson face off for the 88th House District, hoping to replace Rep. Dan Caulkins of Decatur who is stepping down after three terms in the House. Deering is a Decatur native who previously had an unsuccessful run for Congress against Democrat Nikki Budzinski, and Erickson is a McLean County Board member whose district runs along the east side of Bloomington-Normal.
The 88th includes parts of McLean, DeWitt, Macon and Piatt counties.
In the 105th House District, Donald R. Rients of Benson seeks to unseat incumbent state Rep. Dennis Tipsword Jr., chief deputy for the Woodford County Sheriff’s Office. This district covers areas of McLean, Woodford, Livingston, LaSalle, Marshall and Putnam counties.
Four candidates have their hat in the ring for the 53rd Senate District: Chris Balkema, Susan Wynn Bence, Jesse Faber and Mike Kirkton. The 53rd includes parts of McLean, Livingston, Woodford, Peoria, Marshall, Bureau, LaSalle, Grundy and Will counties.
Leaders of the Olympia school district are asking voters to approve two measures they say would result in a "funding shift," rather than an increase to property tax rates overall. 
Approval of both measures would ensure the future of the district's popular swimming pool, which has extensive maintenance needs, and allow the district to retain staff in a competitive environment and make other necessary building improvements. 
State law limits the ability of school districts to transfer money between funds dedicated to different purposes. The law also requires Olympia to ask voters to approve tax rate increases it is seeking in two areas: the education fund, which pays for salaries and other instruction-related expenses, and the operations and maintenance fund. 
The measures would allow the district to levy more in property taxes for certain specific uses — specifically, allowing the district to change the operations and maintenance fund tax rate from 50 cents to 75 cents for every $100 of equalized assessed value, and the education fund tax rate from $2.90 to $3.40 for every $100 of equalized assessed value.
Officials say they would keep the overall tax rate flat by reducing the rate tied to other specific areas, including debt-related funds and several funds in which the district has built up a reserve.
Superintendent Laura O'Donnell said the overall tax rate for the district would remain at $5.50 for every $100 of equalized assessed value for property owners in the district, regardless of what voters decide. The difference comes in how much money goes to each purpose and whether the district must take on debt to meet its obligations. 
Pictured: Boxes of records stored in a bathroom and shower in the Lake Room at Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla.
Special counsel Jack Smith has been leading two federal probes related to Trump, both of which have resulted in charges against the former president.
The first charges to result from those investigations came in June when Trump was indicted for mishandling top secret documents at his Florida estate. The indictment alleges that Trump repeatedly enlisted aides and lawyers to help him hide records demanded by investigators and cavalierly showed off a Pentagon “plan of attack” and classified map.
A superseding indictment issued in July added charges accusing Trump of asking for surveillance footage at his Mar-a-Lago estate to be deleted after FBI and Justice Department investigators visited in June 2022 to collect classified documents he took with him after leaving the White House. The new indictment also charges him with illegally holding onto a document he’s alleged to have shown off to visitors in New Jersey.
In all, Trump faces 40 felony charges in the classified documents case. The most serious charge carries a penalty of up to 20 years in prison.
U.S. District Judge Aileen Cannon on May 7 canceled the May 20 trial date in the case, postponing it indefinitely. She struck a paragraph from the indictment June 10 but denied a defense request to dismiss some of the charges. The paragraph concerns allegations that Trump, in 2021 and while no longer president, showed a classified map of a foreign country to a representative of his political action committee while discussing a military operation that he said was not going well. Defense lawyers said the paragraph was prejudicial because it was not connected to any crime charged in the indictment
Walt Nauta, a valet for Trump, and Carlos De Oliveira, the property manager at Trump’s Florida estate, have also been charged in the case with scheming to conceal surveillance footage from federal investigators and lying about it.
Trump, Nauta and De Oliveira have pleaded not guilty. Lawyers for Nauta and De Oliveira asked U.S. District Judge Aileen Cannon in April to throw out the charges they face. The judge did not immediately rule.
Pictured: Supporters of former President Donald Trump protest Jan. 6, 2023, outside of the Supreme Court on the second anniversary of the riot at the U.S. Capitol in Washington.
The Supreme Court heard arguments in April with profound legal and political consequences: whether former President Donald Trump is immune from prosecution in a federal case charging him with plotting to overturn the results of the 2020 election.
In addition to establishing a potentially historic ruling about the scope of presidential power, the court’s decision — whenever it comes — will undoubtedly go a long way in determining a trial date for Trump in one of the four criminal prosecutions that the presumptive Republican presidential nominee faces.
Special counsel Jack Smith’s second case against Trump was unveiled in August when the former president was indicted in Washington on felony charges for working to overturn the results of the 2020 election in the run-up to the violent riot by his supporters at the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 6, 2021.
The four-count indictment includes charges of conspiracy to defraud the United States government and conspiracy to obstruct an official proceeding: the congressional certification of Joe Biden’s victory. It says that Trump repeatedly told supporters and others that he had won the election, despite knowing that was false, and describes how he tried to persuade state officials, then-Vice President Mike Pence and finally Congress to overturn the legitimate results.
The Supreme Court on April 25 appeared likely to reject fTrump’s claim of absolute immunity from prosecution over election interference, but it seemed possible Trump could still benefit from a lengthy trial delay, possibly beyond November’s election.
Chief Justice John Roberts was among at least five members of the court who did not appear to embrace the claim of absolute immunity that would stop Smith's prosecution of Trump.
But in arguments lasting more than 2½ hours in the court's first consideration of criminal charges against a former president, Roberts also was among several justices who suggested that the case might have to be sent back to lower courts before any trial could begin. 
The active questioning of all nine justices left the strong impression that the court was not headed for the sort of speedy, consensus decision that would allow a trial to begin quickly.
Smith’s team is asking for a speedy resolution. The court typically issues its last opinions by the end of June, about four months before the election.
Trump had said he wanted to be at the Supreme Court for the arguments. Instead, he was in a courtroom in New York, standing trial on charges that he falsified business records to keep damaging information from voters when he directed hush money payments to a former porn star to keep quiet her claims that they had a sexual encounter.
Pictured: Former President Donald Trump speaks before entering the courtroom Feb. 15, 2024, at Manhattan criminal court, where he faces state charges stemming from hush money payments made during the 2016 presidential campaign to bury allegations of extramarital sexual encounters.
Donald Trump became the first former president to be convicted of felony crimes Thursday as a New York jury found him guilty May 30, 2024, of all 34 charges in a scheme to illegally influence the 2016 election through a hush money payment to a porn actor who said the two had sex.
“This was a rigged, disgraceful trial,” Trump told reporters after leaving the courtroom. “The real verdict is going to be Nov. 5 by the people. They know what happened, and everyone knows what happened here.”
Judge Juan Merchan set sentencing for July 11, just days before the Republican National Convention in Milwaukee, where GOP leaders, who remained resolute in their support in the immediate aftermath of the verdict, are expected to formally make him their nominee.
The verdict is a stunning legal reckoning for Trump and exposes him to potential prison time. Trump is expected to quickly appeal the verdict and will face an awkward dynamic as he returns to the campaign trail with felony convictions.
Pictured: People watch as the motorcade with former President Donald Trump travels to the Fulton County Jail Aug. 24, 2023, in Atlanta. 
Trump is charged alongside 18 other people — including former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and former White House chief of staff Mark Meadows — with violating the state’s anti-racketeering law by scheming to illegally overturn his 2020 election loss.
The indictment, handed up in August, accuses Trump or his allies of suggesting Georgia’s Republican secretary of state could “find” enough votes for him to win the battleground state; of harassing an election worker who faced false claims of fraud; an, attempting to persuade Georgia lawmakers to ignore the will of voters and appoint a new slate of Electoral College electors favorable to Trump.
In the months since, several of the defendants, including lawyers Sidney Powell and Kenneth Chesebro, have pleaded guilty.
An appeals court on June 5, 2024, halted the case while it reviews the lower court judge's ruling allowing Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis to remain on the case.
The Georgia Court of Appeals' order prevents Fulton County Superior Court Judge Scott McAfee from moving forward with pretrial motions as he had planned while the appeal is pending. While it was already unlikely that the case would go to trial before the November general election, when Trump is expected to be the Republican nominee for president, this makes that even more certain.
The appeals court docketed the appeals filed by Trump and eight others and said that “if oral argument is requested and granted” it is tentatively scheduled for Oct. 4. The court will then have until mid-March to rule, and the losing side will be able to appeal to the Georgia Supreme Court.
Trump and eight other defendants had tried to get Willis and her office removed from the case, arguing that a romantic relationship she had with special prosecutor Nathan Wade created a conflict of interest. McAfee in March found that no conflict of interest existed that should force Willis off the case, but he granted a request from Trump and the other defendants to seek an appeal of his ruling from the state Court of Appeals.
Special prosecutor Nathan Wade formally withdrew March 15, 2024, after a judge ruled he had to leave or Willis couldn't continue to pursue the charges. His resignation allows Willis to remain on the most sprawling of four criminal cases against the presumptive Republican nominee in the 2024 presidential election.
Pictured: Former New York Mayor of New York Rudy Giuliani speaks Dec. 15, 2023, outside the federal courthouse in Washington. Guiliani, a lawyer for former President Donald Trump, was among those indicted April 24, 2024, in an Arizona election interference case.
An Arizona grand jury on April 24, 2024, indicted former President Donald Trump 's chief of staff Mark Meadows, lawyer Rudy Giuliani and 16 others for their efforts to use so-called fake electors to try to overturn Trump’s loss to Joe Biden in the 2020 presidential election.
The indictment names 11 Republicans who submitted a document to Congress falsely declaring that Trump won Arizona in 2020, including the former state party chair, a 2022 U.S. Senate candidate and two sitting state lawmakers. They're charged with nine counts each of conspiracy, fraud and forgery. The identities of seven other defendants, including Giuliani and Meadows, were not immediately released because they had not yet been served with the charges.
Trump, who is described in the indictment as an unindicted co-conspirator, has argued that he can’t be prosecuted for acts he committed while serving as president. The U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday will hear arguments on his bid to avoid federal prosecution over his efforts to reverse his loss.
With the indictments, Arizona becomes the fourth state where allies of the former president have been charged with using false or unproven claims about voter fraud related to the election. Heading into a likely November rematch with Biden, Trump continues to spread lies about the last election that are echoed by many of his supporters.
Descriptions of other unnamed defendants point to Mike Roman, who was Trump’s director of Election Day operations; John Eastman, a lawyer who devised a strategy to try to persuade Congress not to certify the election; and Christina Bobb, a lawyer who worked with Giuliani. Eastman and Bobb did not respond to text messages seeking comment, nor did a lawyer who is representing Roman in a case in Georgia.
The 11 people who had been nominated to be Arizona’s Republican electors met in Phoenix on Dec. 14, 2020, to sign a certificate saying they were “duly elected and qualified” electors and claiming that Trump carried the state. A one-minute video of the signing ceremony was posted on social media by the Arizona Republican Party at the time. The document was later sent to Congress and the National Archives, where it was ignored.
Biden won Arizona by more than 10,000 votes. Of the eight lawsuits that unsuccessfully challenged Biden’s victory in the state, one was filed by the 11 Republicans who would later sign the certificate declaring Trump as the winner.
Their lawsuit asked a judge to de-certify the results that gave Biden his victory in Arizona and block the state from sending them to the Electoral College. In dismissing the case, U.S. District Judge Diane Humetewa said the Republicans lacked legal standing, waited too long to bring their case and “failed to provide the court with factual support for their extraordinary claims.”
Days after that lawsuit was dismissed, the 11 Republicans participated in the certificate signing.
The Arizona charges come after a string of indictments against fake electors in other states.
The Republicans facing charges are Kelli Ward, the state GOP’s chair from 2019 until early 2023; state Sen. Jake Hoffman; Tyler Bowyer, an executive of the conservative youth organization Turning Point USA who serves on the Republican National Committee; state Sen. Anthony Kern, who was photographed in restricted areas outside the U.S. Capitol during the Jan. 6 attack and is now a candidate in Arizona’s 8th Congressional District; Greg Safsten, a former executive director of the Arizona Republican Party; energy industry executive James Lamon, who lost a 2022 Republican primary for a U.S. Senate seat; Robert Montgomery, chairman of the Cochise County Republican Committee in 2020; Samuel Moorhead, a Republican precinct committee member in Gila County; Nancy Cottle, who in 2020 was the first vice president of the Arizona Federation of Republican Women; Loraine Pellegrino, past president of the Ahwatukee Republican Women; and Michael Ward, an osteopathic physician who is married to Kelli Ward.
Pictured: Former U.S. President Donald Trump, with lawyers Christopher Kise and Alina Habba, attends the closing arguments in the Trump Organization civil fraud trial at New York State Supreme Court on Jan. 11, 2024, in the Manhattan borough of New York.
Beyond the criminal cases, Trump has also been the subject of a civil proceeding in New York City. The state's attorney general, Letitia James, argued that Trump and his companies engaged in a yearslong scheme to dupe banks and others with financial statements that inflated his wealth.
A judge has ordered Trump and his companies to pay $355 million as a penalty in the case. Trump won’t have to pay out the money immediately as an appeals process plays out, but the verdict still is a stunning setback for the former president.
New York state lawyers and an attorney for Trump settled their differences in April over a $175 million bond that Trump posted to block a large civil fraud judgment while he pursues appeals.
The agreement cut short a potential court hearing in Manhattan that was to feature witnesses.
The bond stops the state from potentially seizing Trump’s assets to satisfy the more than $454 million that he owes after losing a court case brought by the Democratic attorney general. She had alleged that Trump, along with his company and key executives, defrauded bankers and insurers by lying about his wealth.
If he’s ultimately forced to pay, the magnitude of the penalty, on top of earlier judgments, could dramatically diminish his financial resources. And it undermines the image of a successful businessman that he’s carefully tailored to power his unlikely rise from a reality television star to a onetime — and perhaps future — president.
That ruling comes on top of the $83.3 million Trump was ordered to pay to E. Jean Carroll in January for his continued social media attacks against the longtime advice columnist over her claims that he sexually assaulted her in a Manhattan department store. He was already the subject of a $5 million sexual assault and defamation verdict last year from another jury in the case.
Stay up-to-date on the latest in local and national government and political topics with our newsletter.
The outbreak of the novel coronavirus disease, COVID-19, in Illinois has shut down schools, businesses, restaurants, bars, universities, sport…
They don’t have enough money and the clock is winding down, but election officials are preparing for three times as many voters to cast ballot…
Why are the vote totals for many political offices so hard to nail down? Shouldn’t it be easy to count ballots, the way they do in Britain, fo…
While some older election judges have backed off from working Tuesday's primary election amid COVID-19 concerns, election officials think an i…
Olympia officials say the district's two ballot questions will ask voters to allow for changes to the tax revenue without increasing the tax rate. 
Normal council members approved over $2 million in intersection improvements along Fort Jesse Road and a $440,000 contract for a skate park at…
Voters across Bloomington-Normal were slow to trickle in to cast their ballots in the primary election on Tuesday, but election officials hope…
The Bloomington Parks & Recreation Department is seeking lifeguards for its waterpark skills program starting in May. 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.