American TikTok star Benson Boone has secured his first number one single in the UK charts with Beautiful Things.
The track is the most streamed song of the past seven days, according to the Official Charts Company, and has ended Beyonce’s reign at the top with her single Texas Hold ‘Em.
The singer said: “This is my first ever trophy and my first number one in the UK. I want to thank you guys so much for the support that you’ve shown this song.
“There’s so much more to come, I can’t wait for the album. Thank you guys – endlessly. I love you all, I’ll see you on tour soon.”
The Washington-born star appeared on series 19 of American Idol, aged 18, and was told by judge and pop star Katy Perry “I see you winning American Idol if you want”.
Boone left the show and started to release his own music, coming out with single Ghost Town in October 2021.
The singer spoke to the Zach Sang Show about why he left and said that he did not want to become famous through the reality singing programme.
Beautiful Things, which was released in January and had previously peaked at number two, gained popularity on video sharing app TikTok.
Boone posts his own videos to the platform and has managed to amass more than six million followers.
A post shared by Benson Boone (@bensonboone)
The 21-year-old has just announced that his first album, Fireworks And Rollerblades, will be released in April and told his fans on Instagram it was the “biggest announcement of my career so far”.
Elsewhere in the UK singles chart this week, We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love) by US pop star Ariana Grande has moved up one space to number two.
The singer and actress, who stars as Glinda in the upcoming movie musical Wicked, released chart-topping studio album Eternal Sunshine earlier in the month.
Over in the third spot is Texas Hold ‘Em, which went to number one on Billboard’s country chart in February, making Beyonce the first black woman to top the music chart.
A post shared by Benson Boone (@bensonboone)
Also in the mix is Lose Control by American singer Teddy Swims, which sits at number four and End Of Beginning by Djo, a music project from Stranger Things actor Joe Keery, which is in at number five.
Over in the UK albums chart Grande enjoys another week at the top with her new album while the second spot is taken by 2021 offering The Highlights by Canadian singer The Weeknd.
Deeper Well by US singer Kacey Musgraves has debuted at number three and American singer Noah Kahan remains at number four with his album Stick Season.
In the number five spot is Justin Timberlake’s Everything I Thought It Was.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.