Bey is forecast to retain top spot on the Official U.K. Singles Chart.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


It’s early days in the U.K. chart race, though, as it stands Beyoncé should hold all the cards.

	Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold ‘Em” (via Columbia/Parkwood Ent) is “storming ahead,” according to the Official Charts Company, to lead the First Look chart blast. 

	“Texas Hold ‘Em” last Friday, Feb. 23 gave Beyonce her sixth U.K. No. 1 and first in 14 years, when it vaulted 9-1. The success of her country-leaning number is the latest signal that U.K. music fans have developed an appetite for the genre, following the breakthrough last year of Morgan Wallen and Luke Combs.  






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					Beyoncé		
					






















	
		
					Calvin Harris		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Currently, Bey leads Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” (Atlantic), rising 3-2 on the First Look tally, and leap-frogging Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” (Warner Records), predicted to dip 2-3 when the Official U.K. Singles Chart is published Friday, March 1. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







Stranger Things actor Joe Keery is set to add a U.K. top 10 to his resume with “End of Beginning” (AWAL/DJO), released as his project Djo. It’s enjoying a viral turn on TikTok and lifts 11-8 on the chart blast.

	With the 2024 Brit Awards just around the corner, this year’s recipient of the Rising Star honor, the Last Dinner Party, could celebrate with a first top 10 single. Their breakthrough track “Nothing Matters” is on the brink of a top tier appearance, rising to No. 10 on the chart blast. “Nothing Matters” appears on the London band’s Prelude to Ecstasy (via Island), which opened at No. 1 on the Official Albums Chart earlier this month with 32,800 first-week chart units — the biggest opening week for a debut album by a band since 2015.

	The 44th edition of the BRITs is set for this Sunday, March 3 at The O2 London.

	Finally, Calvin Harris and Rag’n’Bone Man’s latest collaboration “Lovers in a Past Life” (Columbia) is climbing ever-closer to the top bracket. It’s up 19-11 on the chart update. The British pair’s previous team-up, “Giant,” peaked at No. 2. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.