Nov 23, 2024
Grizzly bears are not a wild critter to be taken lightly.  It is an extremely strong apex predator of many mountainous western states such as Montana, Idaho, Washington, Wyoming and others.
The situation today is complicated as the bears are well established in areas like Yellowstone National Park, the Northern Continental Divide of western Montana and other remote areas. As their populations increase, they expand territories into other places where potential conflicts with the ranchers and other human endeavors may become negatively impacted. Seeking a balanced approach to manage grizzly bears has been a long fought battle and debate between states and the federal government for decades.
An ongoing evaluation of grizzly bear biology and habitat needs is part of a project Wyatt Benson has experienced – the Grizzly Bear Recovery Program. Collecting data from bears is just one part of the program, to help identify genetic origins and population expansion trend lines. As reports from ranchers in far removed prairie lands a long way from the mountains indicate grizzly damage to private properties, it gets the attention of everyone. 
With the Endangered Species listing of this animal, states are limited in what they can do, federal government entities are also limited, and finding places to relocate captured problem animals is another huge dilemma. Some relocation attempts have been unsuccessful when the bears eventually travel long distances to only end up where they started.
Grizzly bears were once thought of as an animal to be eradicated. Modern day thoughts disagree. An ongoing problem is that these bears do not follow human scripts for places to stay, places to avoid, and thus stay out of trouble as defined by humans. 
Since the 1970s, grizzlies have steadily grown in population and expanded territories outward from core strongholds. Conflicts with people were and continue to be inevitable. According to a position statement issued by the Boone and Crockett (B&C) Club, ways to manage bears never seems to be resolved. The best solution, according to B&C Club authorities, is to allow states to manage this wildlife species like it does all other wildlife, based upon science, and finding middle ground acceptable to society. B&C does agree and supports delisting grizzlies from the Endangered Species Act (ESA), primarily because the overall populations have exceeded numbers originally set as a determining factor in its recovery. 
Court challenges to delisting never end, a misuse of the ESA according to B&C Club and other conservation organizations.
Benson is a student willing to learn more about all types of wildlife and wildlife issues. He will be ready to share his summer job role in grizzly bear census and sampling tasks. Do plan to attend his presentation on Wednesday evening at 6:30 pm, at the Grimes Farm and Conservation Center. This free program is open to the public. 
I will see you there.
———–
Closer to home, regarding the Green Castle Recreation Area camp ground (Phase 2) project, Marshall County Director of the Conservation Board Emily Herring has parcels of information to share. 
Phase 2 camp ground development will go to bid soon. The project will entail constructing 14 new RV camp pads with individual septic, electrical and water services. This segment will also need its own access roadway to complement the overall plan for camping services. Costs for phase 2 will be paid from appropriations to the county from the American Rescue Plan, and additional sources in the works from grant sources, the Friends of Marshall County Conservation group and private donations.
During 2024, Phase 1 was completed in areas near Green Castle’s lake shoreline, along with a restroom building and shower house and roadway realignment and dump station. This past fall, a host of volunteers planted trees in and around the new campground. Time will allow new grass seedings and tree plantings to take hold. In the long run, camping opportunities at Green Castle will enhance the park’s day use considerably. Recreational options close to home are a good deal. Well done.
The Green Castle area is named after the township it is located in. Acquisition took place on Jan. 1, 1977. A series of step-by-step improvements began in the years following with access roadways and silt dams in three sub drainages to hold watershed siltation loads from heavy rains. Three shelter houses were constructed, two of which have wind protection sides, and one, namely Gander Lookout, which is enclosed and very well appointed with native wood paneling. The shelter is available to rent for events or family functions.
The total land area of Green Castle is 116 acres. The lake has just 16 surface acres with many submerged fish shelters and habitat structures. Many jetties align the shoreline to allow fishing access. A walk around the lake will make the one mile mark for those counting steps. Non-motorized boats are allowed in the lake such as canoes or kayaks. An observatory for star and planet observations via telescopes is available. And an 8-acre pasture holds a small herd of bison, America’s iconic symbol of our native grassland heritage.
Now camping with RVs will soon blossom into reality. Good works show what can be done.
———–
Coming soon in early December, on Dec. 12 to be exact, the Iowa DNR Wildlife Bureau will host an open house listening session, including a question and answer time for public information regarding East and West Salt Creek Wildlife Management Areas in Tama County. The open house displays and maps, plans and improvement ideas will be held at the Otter Creek Nature Center at Otter Creek Lake Park, 2283 County Park Rd, Toledo. The time frame is flexible beginning at 6:30 p.m. and going until 8:30 p.m. People are encouraged to come and go as schedules allow.
East Salt Creek is an area of about 113 acres. West Salt Creek has roughly 75 acres. Together these drainages near Belle Plaine join the Iowa River. Tributaries to river systems often contain timber or forest land edges, plus some grasslands within the smaller floodplain of the creek. Wildlife like edges with all these ingredients. Making those areas more wildlife friendly is part of the goal. In addition, adjacent landowners will want to be kept in the loop regarding short- and long-term plans, all part of larger goals of wildlife stewardship for all stakeholders.
———–
Fall is a good time to prune trees or shrubbery. Insects or other disease pathogens are dormant during colder weather. Correct pruning now will allow the bark of trees to quickly grow to heal next spring when growth resumes. 
Recent rains have been excellent to help get needed moisture into the soil profile. This encourages deeper root growth. Soils are still relatively warm so water will soak in before big frost events and frozen soils of the winter season.
———–
Rain events during 2024 are looking like this, based on this author’s tabulation in Albion:  
• March 2.14″; 
• April 4.31″; 
• May 9.73″;
• June 5.49″; 
• July 9.99″; 
• August had only 0.98″ and; 
• October came in with a scant 1.65″.  
• November rains as of Nov. 20 stand at 3.25″.   
My year-to-date rains thereby total 45.98″. This is more than average for any given year but perhaps the drought conditions were somewhat hindered by sky water falling. Hurray for the rains we did get. Now we can get ready for a bit of snow. Ready or not, it will arrive.
——
Garry Brandenburg is the retired director of the Marshall County Conservation Board. He is a graduate of Iowa State University with a BS degree in Fish & Wildlife Biology.
Contact him at:
P.O. Box 96
Albion, IA 50005
Copyright © 2025 Marshalltown Newspaper, LLC | https://www.timesrepublican.com | 135 West Main Street, Marshalltown, IA 50158 | 641-753-6611