"Stick Season" racks-up a market leading 8.3 million streams en route to a sixth week at No. 1. 

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Noah Kahan hits the U.K. chart for six as “Stick Season” (via Republic Records) extends its reign. 

	The Vermont, U.S. singer and songwriter’s breakthrough folky number racks-up a market leading 8.3 million streams, the Official Charts Company reports, as it collects a sixth straight week at No. 1. 

	That’s the longest consecutive streak atop the Official U.K. Singles Chart since Dave & Central Cee’s “Sprinter” ran through the pack in the summer of 2023.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					Ella Henderson		
					






















	
		
					Good Neighbours		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“Stick Season” leads an unchanged top three, ahead of Sophie Ellis-Bextor’s “Murder on the Dancefloor” (Polydor) and Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” (Atlantic), respectively.

	There’s change, however, for Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things”(Warner Records) which vaults 11-5, for the U.S. artist’s first career appearance in the U.K. top 10.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Another artist on the rise is YG Marley, grandson of the late, great Bob Marley, and son of Ms. Lauryn Hill, whose independently-released “Praise Jah In The Moonlight” improves 20-9. That’s Marley’s first-ever U.K. top 10 appearance. 

Ella Henderson and Rudimental’s “Alibi” (Atlantic) has a new high point, lifting 24-16 in its fourth week. “Alibi” samples the late Coolio’s hit “Gangsta’s Paradise” (which in turn sampled Stevie Wonder 1976 single “Pastime Paradise”), a 1995 hit which logged two weeks at No. 1 and finished the year as the U.K.’s second biggest-selling single. 

	It’s a great week for The Last Dinner Party, the critically-lauded London band, whose debut LP Prelude to Ecstasy (via Island) blasts to No. 1 on the Official U.K. Albums Chart. The lead single from it, “Nothing Matters,” lifts 22-19 on the Official U.K. Singles Chart, published Friday, Feb. 9, for the five-piece band’s first U.K. top 20 appearance.  

	Also on the rise is Justin Timberlake’s “Selfish” (up 37-29 via RCA) and Michael Marcagi’s TikTok-powered “Scared To Start” (Warner Records), up 38-31 – a new career high for the singer-songwriter and Cincinnati native. 

	Finally, it’s a good week for Good Neighbours, the English indie-rock duo of Oli Fox and South London-based Scott Verrill, whose debut single “Home” (Some Action) cracks the top 40 for the first time. “Home” runs 81-40.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.