Hozier and Beyoncé are close behind in the U.K. chart race. 

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Benson Boone’s bounce-back is in full effect, as “Beautiful Things” leads the U.K. chart race. 

	Following the release last Friday (April 5) of his debut full-length album Fireworks & Rollerblades (via Warner Records), Boone’s global hit “Beautiful Things” rebounds 3-1 on the midweek U.K. chart and is closing in on its third non-consecutive week at the summit.

	There’s not much in it. Based on early sales and streaming data published by the Official Charts Company, “Beautiful Things” holds a lead over its closest rivals of fewer than 1,000 chart units. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					Beyoncé		
					






















	
		
					Dasha		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	That competition includes Hozier’s “Too Sweet” (Island), which flies 9-2 on the Official Chart Update. If it holds its course, “Too Sweet” would give the Irish singer and songwriter his equal career best chart position, drawing level with his signature song “Take Me to the Church,” which peaked at No. 2 in 2013. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






Beyoncé bagged the chart double last week, though she’s set to lose both crowns. “Texas Hold ‘Em” drops 1-3 on the midweek singles tally, and Cowboy Carter (via Columbia/Parkwood Ent) looks likely to be bumped from the albums chart, with the Libertines’ latest, All Quiet On The Eastern Esplanade, all set for the title. 

	Meanwhile, Artemas’s “i like the way you kiss me” (Parlophone) cracked the top 10 for the first time last week. The British producer and artist’s viral track continues to climb, lifting 7-5 on the midweek singles survey. 

	Country came to the U.K. charts in a big way last week, thanks to Bey and her Cowboy Carter LP, which landed three singles in the top 10, including the leader with “Texas Hold ‘Em”. There’s another U.S. country song heading towards the top 10, Dasha’s “Austin” (Warner Records). It’s up 15-8 on the midweek tally, for what would be a new peak position. 

	The top new debut should belong to J. Cole with “H.Y.B.” featuring Bas and Central Cee. Lifted from Cole’s surprise-release mixtape Might Delete Later (Interscope), it’s predicted to arrive at No. 24 on the chart. Might Delete Later also houses the Kendrick Lamar diss track “7 Minute Drill,” which Cole has subsequently expressed regret for. “7 Minute Drill” is expected to bow at No. 28, while “Crocodile Tearz” could drop in at No. 36. If all three tracks holds their ground, Cole’s career tally of U.K. top 40 hits will lift to 14.

	All will be revealed when the Official U.K. Singles Chart is published late Friday, April 12.










Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.