By Sara Merican 

	Hosted by Rita Ora, the 30th edition of the MTV Europe Music Awards (EMAs) kicked off at Manchester’s Co-Op Live Arena on Sunday and was broadcast on MTV UK, Channel 5 and Pluto TV. 

	The show featured live performances from Benson Boone, RAYE, Shawn Mendes, Teddy Swims, The Warning, LE SSERAFIM, Peso Pluma, Tyla, Busta Rhymes and Pet Shop Boys.

	During the show, Ora honored her late friend Liam Payne, before a montage was screened, set to the music of One Direction song “Night Changes.” Ora collaborated with Payne on hit single “For You” in 2018. 





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Gold House Unveils This Year's A100 List Honoring Most Impactful Asian Pacific Leaders		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Taiwanese Drama 'The World Between Us: After the Flames' Sets Premiere Date On Prime Video		
			







	“He was a big part of the MTV world and my world, and I think a lot of yours at home and everybody in here tonight,” said Ora. She also paid tribute to Payne’s generosity and kindness. 

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	The nominees for the MTV EMAs were announced in October, with Taylor Swift earning a record seven nominations. Other top nominees included Beyoncé, Kendrick Lamar, Lisa and Ayra Starr.

	This marks a comeback for the show after last year’s EMAs were canceled by Paramount. 

	Taylor Swift swept awards for Best Artist, Best US Act and Best Live Act. She also won Best Video for “Fortnight” with Post Malone.

	Best New Act went to Benson Boone, who also opened the EMAs show with an explosive performance of “Slow It Down” and “Beautiful Things.” He marked his entrance while suspended in the air, playing on a grand piano. 

	With Manchester City’s Etihad Stadium just a stone’s throw away from the Co-op Live Arena, it felt fitting for men’s team star Ruben Dias and women’s team captain Alex Greenwood to make an appearance during the show to co-present the best new artist award. 

	Sabrina Carpenter won Best Song for “Espresso.” The Best Pop award went to Ariana Grande.

	Busta Rhymes was honored with the “Global Icon” award, while British pop duo Pet Shop Boys were bestowed the “Pop Pioneers” award. 

	BTS’ Jimin won the Best K-pop award, while K-pop group Le Sserafim won Best Push award. 

	Tyla clinched both the Best R&B and Best Afrobeats awards. 

	Raye won Best UK and Ireland Act. 

	Best collaboration went to Lisa featuring Rosalía for “New Woman.”

	Eminem won Best Hip-Hop, Liam Gallagher won Best Rock and Imagine Dragons took home the Best Alternative prize. 

	Best Electronic went to Calvin Harris, with Best Latin went to Peso Pluma. The Biggest Fans award went to Lisa.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.