By
Erinn Callahan
Updated: 
In 2021, a 19-year-old singer-songwriter from Monroe, Washington seemed poised to become the next American Idol. Then, Benson Boone stunned viewers by leaving the show after a stellar Top 24 performance. It was a risky move, but one that paid off. In 2024, the pop-rock singer notched his first Top 5 hit with “Beautiful Things” and even opened for Taylor Swift on her unprecedented Eras Tour. On Wednesday (Sept. 11), Boone, 22, made his MTV Video Music Awards debut.
Benson Boone took the stage at UBS Arena in Elmont, New York, for what is sure to become the first of many VMAs performances. The rising star, sparkling head to toe in a glittering blue ensemble, got a low-key start to his smash hit “Beautiful Things.” But when all was said and done, he had performed no less than two backflips.
In addition to performing, the “Ghost Town” singer also scored nominations in three categories, including Best New Artist. Boone faced off against Chappell Roan, Gracie Abrams, Shaboozey, Teddy Swims, and Tyla for the honor.
A post shared by Benson Boone (@bensonboone)
Boone also earned a nod in the MTV Push Performance of the Year category, for his October 2023 performance of “In the Stars.” His breakout hit “Beautiful Things” is up for Best Alternative.
[RELATED: “They’re Gonna Swoon Over Benson Boone”: The ‘American Idol’ Audition (and Backflip) That Had Katy Perry Ready to Crown Him]
Benson Boone discovered his love for music as a high school junior, when his friend asked him to play the piano and sing in their school’s Battle of the Bands. Despite having no prior singing experience, Boone obliged. Next thing you know, he was dropping out of Brigham Young University-Idaho to pursue a full-time career in music.
In 2021, Boone auditioned for season 19 of American Idol. His audition of Aidan Martin’s “Punchline” earned him a golden ticket to Hollywood from judges Luke Bryan, Katy Perry and Lionel Richie. The “Pretty Slowly” singer emerged as an early frontrunner, with Perry telling him, “I see you winning American Idol if you want.” 
Then, inexplicably, Boone quit the show after making the top 24. He later explained his reasoning in an interview with podcaster Zach Sang.
“I decided that I wanted to do music, and I don’t want people to be like, ‘Oh Benson Boone. American Idol blew him up. That’s what he comes from.’ No,” Boone said.
“I want to be Benson Boone because I write smash hits, and they love my music,” he continued. “That’s why I quit.”
Featured image by Daniel DeSlover/ZUMA Press Wire/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
3 Iconic Country Albums Not Recorded in Nashville
2 Surprising Albums That Inspired Maynard James Keenan of Tool
Is ‘Saturday Night Live’ New Tonight? Host & Musical Guest (5/3/25)

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand