While losing Kyle Connor to injury is not what the Winnipeg Jets wanted, Nikolaj Ehlers has picked up the slack by being more aggressive with the puck in his teammate's absence. That's partially why he headlines tonight's NHL player prop picks.
It’s a busy 10-game night on the ice Tuesday, and our NHL player props are the perfect complement to the action.
The Los Angeles Kings take a five-game losing streak into Amalie Arena to face the Tampa Bay Lightning during the early wave of games, and it’s a particularly important contest for the Pacific Division standings. With the Edmonton Oilers sporting a seven-game winning streak, and the Seattle Kraken rolling off six consecutive victories, the Kings are all of a sudden ripe to be leapfrogged again. Edmonton is one of the largest favorites on the docket in its road game against the Chicago Blackhawks, while Seattle is a small road underdog against the Buffalo Sabres in the NHL odds.
It’s also an important night in the Atlantic Division, with each of the top three teams hitting the ice. The Florida Panthers and Boston Bruins are respectively visiting the St. Louis Blues and Arizona Coyotes, while the Toronto Maple Leafs host the sinking San Jose Sharks.
Here are our free NHL picks for Tuesday, January 9.
Picks made on January 9 at 1:00 p.m. ET.Read full analysis of each pick.
Sign Up OfferOne of Canada's best sportsbooks for NHL betting, join Bet99 and get a 100% match on your first deposit of up to $1,000 when using Bet99 promo code COVERSBONUS!
*Not available in Ontario
Winnipeg Jets winger Nikolaj Ehlers has seen his shot volume skyrocket since teammate Kyle Connor sustained a knee injury in mid-December. Ehlers jumped from 9.65 shots and 21.34 attempts per 60 minutes to elite 13.24 and 25.68 marks across the past 13 games — good for the 10th- and second-highest ranks among NHL regulars.
The sweetener tonight is Winnipeg lands in a cushy home-ice matchup against the Columbus Blue Jackets. Columbus has allowed the third-most shots per 60 (33.88) in the league, and the Jackets have been even more susceptible to opposing shooters with 34.44 per 60 through six games out of the holiday break. 
Losing No. 1 defenseman Zach Werenski (ankle) in the first game back didn’t help, and it exacerbated Columbus already being without center Boone Jenner (jaw). If Jenner and Werenski were healthy, they’d be seeing major minutes against the opposition’s best players, so the matchup is all the more favorable for Ehlers and the Jets on Tuesday.
Nikolaj Ehlers prop: Over 3.5 shots (+105 at Bet99)
Having not lost since December 18, the Seattle Kraken boast a six-game winning streak where they've allowed just six goals. They’ve also been off since last Thursday, and the blueline corps is at full health.
Additionally, there might be a flu bug flying through the Buffalo Sabres dressing room after wingers Jordan Greenway and Victor Olofsson missed practice Monday with an illness.
The recent defensive results for Seattle also check out, with the Kraken ranking fifth-best in goals and expected goals against per 60 minutes at five-on-five. Seattle ranks 10th in 5-on-5 Corsi For percentage (51.6%). Add taking the 10th-fewest minor penalties at 5-on-5 and ranking a respectable 12th in penalty-kill percentage (8053%), and the Kraken rightfully rank as the fifth-best defense in my ratings.
Turning to Buffalo center Casey Mittelstadt, he’s projected to drop down to the third line against Seattle tonight. If Greenway can suit up, he’ll join Mittelstadt and Zach Benson, and the trio has been the definition of average with 3.27 goals, 2.51 xGF, and 9.8 high-danger scoring chances per 60 at 5-on-5 across 110:12 of shared ice time.
Of course, Mittelstadt’s role on the No. 1 power-play unit is a huge boon to his offensive upside, but he’s only registered four points with the man advantage all season. And, as noted, the Kraken defend well while shorthanded and are among the more disciplined teams in the league.
Casey Mittelstadt prop: Under 0.5 points (-110 at Bet99)
The New York Islanders are one of the worst 5-on-5 possession teams in the league with a 30th-ranked 45.4% Corsi For percentage, and they’ve lost the 5-on-5 possession battle in five of six out of the holiday break. As a result, I’m expecting Isles No. 1 goalie Ilya Sorokin to see ample rubber against the Vancouver Canucks.
Sorokin has also been solid on home ice with an 8-2-6 record and .917 save percentage, and 12 of the 20 games he’s cleared this 27.5-save total have been at UBS Arena. Turning to an even larger sample, Sorokin boasts .929 and 2.20 marks at home dating back to the 2021-22 campaign.
Additionally, I anticipate the Canucks to focus on generating more shots because they’re playing their third road game in four nights and this is also a back-to-back set. Vancouver paces the league in ice time per game with a lead (29:47) and has the fourth-lowest shots per 60 minutes (25.82) while ahead, so with the Islanders a short home favorite, I don’t think the Canucks will collapse into a defensive shell. As long as this game stays tight, Vancouver will aggressively push the play to create shooting opportunities.
Ilya Sorokin prop: Over 27.5 saves (-105 at Bet99)
Not intended for use in MA.Affiliate Disclosure: Covers may receive advertising commissions for visits to a sportsbook or betting site.
Stay updated with the latest picks, odds, and news! Tap the  to add us to your favorites on Google News to never miss a story.
Neil Parker is, first and foremost, a sports fan. A huge supporter of the Cowboys, Cubs, and Maple Leafs, he has managed to parlay his passion into writing gigs with Sportsbook Review, USA TODAY, theScore, DraftKings Playbook, and RotoWire, among many others. He also co-hosted the Daily Fantasy Edge podcast and can now be seen offering expert golf and hockey advice on Covers’ Before you Bet broadcast.
Neil takes a numbers-based approach to his handicapping and complements his in-depth statistical analysis with a keen eye on the markets to provide the best available odds. He loves to lean on his rolodex of idioms to offset his inner nerd. When it comes to wagering, he throws down on anything that catches his eye at bet365, Betway and BetVictor. He also keeps a close eye on CoolBet because the polar bear brand often has outlier NHL and NFL moneyline prices.
Neil graduated with honors from St. Thomas University in 2007 before completing his BEd at Acadia University in 2010. After teaching a myriad of courses and subjects, he found a groove delivering fun lessons to exceptional learners in non-traditional classroom environments. If his decade-plus teaching run taught him anything about sports betting, it’s to stay the course and use the summer – or offseason – to refresh and prepare to be better in the year to come.
Neil’s top pieces of advice for recreational bettors are to stay within your means and to remember sportsbooks aren’t bank accounts. Don’t be afraid to pull those winnings and treat yourself to a lifetime experience courtesy of a big win.

                    If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on
                                this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide
                                any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in
                                your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner
                                of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.