Manage your account
LATTA, S.C. (WBTW) — Several well-known News13 personalities were on hand Monday for the funeral of Don Luehrs, the station’s longtime meteorologist who died Dec. 24.
Among those in attendance to honor the 68-year-old were former anchors Nicole Boone, Bill Burr, Bob Juback and Jim McGee, along with ex-meteorologist Dave Williams and Cecil Chandler, who was news director during Luehrs’ tenure.
Luehrs worked for News13 from 1988 to 2007.
When News13 celebrated its 65th anniversary in 2019, Luehrs said of his time at the station that “You had to almost pinch yourself to make sure you knew it was a job. It was like a family or best-friend atmosphere. It was a lot of fun.”
Boone also took to Facebook to express her condolences.
“My heart aches as I think of Don Luehrs family, especially his sweet wife, Johnnie, as they face the unimaginable pain of losing Don. He wasn’t just a great meteorologist, but a truly kind and caring soul. I had the privilege of working with Don at WBTW News13 CBS, and the memories of those days will stay with me,” Boone said. “As his family grieves, my prayers are with them. The world was brighter with Don in it, and his loss leaves a hole that can never be filled.”
* * *
Adam Benson joined the News13 digital team in January 2024. He is a veteran South Carolina reporter with previous stops at the Greenwood Index-Journal, Post & Courier and The Sun News in Myrtle Beach. Adam is a Boston native and University of Utah graduate. Follow Adam on X, formerly Twitter, at @AdamNewshound12. See more of his work here.
* * *
Eric Cooper is a multimedia journalist at News13. He joined the team in September 2024 and covers stories in the Pee Dee. He is a native of Cades in Williamsburg County and a proud graduate of Kingstree Senior High School and Benedict College. You can read more of his work here. 
Copyright 2025 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to WBTW.