Benson Boone didn’t win “American Idol” in 2021.
“I didn’t know I could sing before a year ago,” he admitted to the judges in his first audition.
Three short years later, the Gen Z icon is staging his first North American tour.
The ‘Fireworks and Rollerblades Tour’ will send the 21-year-old singer-songwriter to venues all over the U.S. and Canada from April through May.
That includes stops at Brooklyn’s Paramount Theatre on Wednesday, April 10 and Sayreville, NJ’s Starland Ballroom on Thursday, April 11 for the “Beautiful Things” crooner.
And if you want to sing along to “In The Stars,” “GHOST TOWN,” “Before You” and more live, you can grab your Benson Boone tickets as soon as today.
Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, Feb. 2, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.
While this is Boone’s first official tour, he has performed live before.
Based on our findings, here’s what he took to the stage at his last U.S. concert in July 2023, courtesy of Set List FM.
01.) “Sugar Sweet”02.) “NIGHTS LIKE THESE”03.) “ROOM FOR 2”04.) “Better Alone”05.) “Little Runaway”06.) “Forever In A Day”07.) “What Was”08.) “In the Stars”09.) “GHOST TOWN”
This year, Boone dropped the single “Beautiful Things.”
Following a slow acoustic build, the powerful track shows off the gifted singer’s impressive vocal range as he hits notes higher than the Empire State Building
To hear this impressive musical feat, you can listen to the three-minute “Beautiful Things” here.
Many other megastars are hitting the road this year.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live these next few months.
• Noah Kahan
• Olivia Rodrigo
• AJR
• Maddie Zahm
• Tate McRae
Who else is out and about? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 here to find out.