By
Peter Burditt
On season 19 of American Idol Katy Perry had her eyes set on one contestant: Benson Boone. In his audition, Boone received praise from Perry when she stated, “I see you winning American Idol if you want to.” Boone did not win American Idol as he dropped out of the race after making it to the top 24. Boone’s motivation for quitting was due to his need for individuality and his need to make music he’s known for. Not because he’s just the guy that one season 19 of American Idol. 
The plot behind Boone, Perry, and American Idol only gets thicker, as the 22-year-old will perform at the VMA’s tonight on the same card as the 2024 Video Vanguard Award recipient, Katy Perry. Is this a musical plot twist for the ages? Fans think so, given that Boone proves he did not need American Idol to reach one of music’s biggest stages. 
Still, his audition goes down as one of the best in the show’s long-running history. From standout vocals to a masterful backflip, Boone was clearly a star in the making. In the words of Perry, “They’re gonna swoon over Benson Boone”
Evidently, Boone took quite the risk of dropping out of American Idol. However, following his departure, he released the hit song “Beautiful Things” and opened for Taylor Swift on the Eras Tour. None of these successes seemingly would have ever transpired if Boone hadn’t decided to leave the show. That being so, there was no bad blood between Boone, Perry, or the show following his decision.
Three years after his departure in 2021, Boone’s debut VMA performance not only will be alongside Perry, but also Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Lenny Kravitz, and many more. Furthermore, Boone is a nominee for Best New Artist with fellow nominees being Chappell Roan, Gracie Abrams, Shaboozey, Teddy Swims, and Tyla.
Despite the mutual respect between Perry and Boone, it is still quite the poetic end to their short-lived pairing on American Ido. That said, when the two meet at the VMAs tonight, either in front of the camera or behind it, they are bound to acknowledge the day that started it all for Boone. 
Surely, Benson Boone and Katy Perry’s narrative will be one of the most anticipated of the night. The VMAs air tonight at 8:00 pm EDT and will be held at New York City’s UBS Arena. 
Thompson/Broadimage Entertainment/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
3 Iconic Country Albums Not Recorded in Nashville
2 Surprising Albums That Inspired Maynard James Keenan of Tool
Is ‘Saturday Night Live’ New Tonight? Host & Musical Guest (5/3/25)

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand