By VALERIA GARCIA and CYDNEY YEATES FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:37, 16 December 2024   |  Updated:  05:19, 18 December 2024   
 11
View  comments
Meghan Trainor struggled to smile as she hit the Jingle Ball stage in Boston, Massachusetts after revealing she had a botched Botox job. 
On Sunday, the 30-year-old Made You Look hitmaker dressed up in a sexy-elf look while vocalizing some of her greatest hits at the star-studded festive concert tour.
She wore a plunging sparkly green dress with fuzzy red lining at the hemline and chest paired with glittering knee-high boots and a matching cardigan. 
Just two weeks ago, the blonde bombshell urged women not to get lip filler — admitting that she 'can't smile anymore' while on her Workin' On It podcast.
She said, 'I got too much Botox and I need help. I messed up. Listen, I've had Botox like a handful of times, just a few times, just on my forehead, you know.
'And someone convinced me with my little lips that if you did a lip flip, you put filler right above your upper lip, that you could have a beautiful flip on your upper lip and I could have one for the first time in my whole 30 years of living.' 
Meghan Trainor struggled to smile as she hit the Jingle Ball stage in Boston, Massachusetts after revealing she had a botched Botox job
The GRAMMY winner said, 'I cannot smile anymore. Everywhere I go, I cannot smile. My face hurts to smile.'
At one point, her older brother Ryan pointed out the artist's smile had changed, to which she noted that she 'can't unsee' how much it has altered. 
On the same podcast, Meghan revealed that she intends to go under the knife now that she has finished breastfeeding for the time being.
The mom-of-two, who shares Riley, three, as well as 16-month-old Barry with husband Daryl Sabara, has lost weight in recent months and as a result her breasts are now 'saggy sacks.'
Meghan said: 'I'm getting a boob job. My mommy boobies were full of milk and now they're empty and then they're full of milk and now they're empty.
'They got big, they got small, they got big, they got small, I've lost some weight and I have, like, saggy sacks as boobs.'
While currently on the road for the first time in several years and noted that she has had to wear restrictive bras underneath her 'amazing outfits' and 'can't wait' for the surgery. 
And on Sunday evening, she strutted her stuff on stage and performed to the best of her ability despite dealing with the facial pain. 
On Sunday, the 30-year-old Made You Look hitmaker dressed up in a sexy-elf look while vocalizing some of her greatest hits at the star-studded festive concert tour
She wore a plunging sparkly green dress with fuzzy red lining at the hemline and chest paired with glittering knee-high boots and a matching cardigan 
Just two weeks ago, the blonde bombshell urged women not to get lip filler — admitting that she 'can't smile anymore' while on her Workin' On It podcast
She said, 'I got too much Botox and I need help. I messed up. Listen, I've had Botox like a handful of times, just a few times, just on my forehead, you know'
Kesha also made a special appearance at the celebrity-packed party and modeled a skimpy while mini-dress with racy waist cutouts.
She teamed her sexy ensemble with a white fur coat and black thigh-high boots.
The 37-year-old Blow singer added a pair of black distressed tights to her look while frolicking around the stage with her backup dancers. 
She danced up a storm while preforming various stunts on stage as her signature golden locks were tossed around. 
During a backstage interview that evening, Kesha humorously mentioned that her Christmas wish list includes 'a sugar daddy and a yacht.'
She also revealed to Kiss 108 FM that her favourite song to belt out on stage are 'the new ones.'
The Die Young singer said, 'You know what, the new ones are always fun because its kind of scary and like you don't know how its gonna go. Delusional was so fun to preform because I love that song but its new. 
'And you just like,  you don't know if its gonna be a train wreck. So that excitement is really fun but i love playing Joyride. Its so fun — I get to do all the voices, so fun.'
When asked by the interviewer if she will go out and explore Boston while there for the Jingle Ball, the singer said that she did get to take a yoga class.
'Its like [Lady] Gaga said, "Bus, plane, another club, club, another club," but today I did do a yoga class. So I'm not just a complete trash person. [At a] random yoga spot,' she said.
Kesha also made a special appearance at the celebrity-packed party and modeled a skimpy while mini-dress with racy waist cutouts
She teamed her sexy ensemble with a white fur coat and black thigh-high boots
The 37-year-old Blow singer added a pair of black distressed tights to her look while frolicking around the stage with her backup dancers
She danced up a storm while preforming various stunts on stage as her signature golden locks were tossed around
During a backstage interview that evening, Kesha humorously mentioned that her Christmas wish list includes 'a sugar daddy and a yacht'
She also revealed to Kiss 108 FM that her favourite song to belt out on stage are 'the new ones'
The Die Young singer said, 'You know what, the new ones are always fun because its kind of scary and like you don't know how its gonna go'
'Delusional was so fun to preform because I love that song but its new,' she said
'i love playing Joyride. Its so fun — I get to do all the voices, so fun,' she added
When asked by the interviewer if she will go out and explore Boston while there for the Jingle Ball, the singer said that she did get to take a yoga class
iHeartRadio KISS108's Jingle Ball was held at the TD Garden and saw special performances from Tate McRae, Teddy Swims, The Kid LAROI, Madison Beer, Benson Boone and Gracie Abrams
The 2024 Jingle Ball concert tour sees ten major cities in the United States
It kicked off in Dallas, Texas, on December 3 and is slated to wrap in Miami, Florida, on December 21
After Sunday evening's show, the Jingle Ball stage will make its way to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on Monday
Tickets are available to the general public on the iHeart website, with prices ranging from $569.30 to $1,129 per ticket
iHeartRadio KISS108's Jingle Ball was held at the TD Garden and saw special performances from Tate McRae, Teddy Swims, The Kid LAROI, Madison Beer, Benson Boone and Gracie Abrams. 
The 2024 Jingle Ball concert tour sees ten major cities in the United States. It kicked off in Dallas, Texas, on December 3 and is slated to wrap in Miami, Florida, on December 21.
After Sunday evening's show, the Jingle Ball stage will make its way to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on Monday.
Tickets are available to the general public on the iHeart website, with prices ranging from $569.30 to $1,129 per ticket.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group