It's Hozier's second U.K. top 10 single, joining his signature song "Take Me To Church." 

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


	More than a decade after his global breakthrough, Hozier finally bags a U.K. No. 1 single with “Too Sweet”.

	The Irish singer and songwriter benefits from the release of an expanded deluxe edition of his third LP Unreal Unearth, which led the national albums chart last August.

	“Too Sweet” (via Island) accumulates 61,000 chart units and 6.7 million streams, making it the most-streamed track of the week in the U.K., according to the Official Charts Company, as the title lifts 4-1 on the Official U.K. Singles Chart, published Friday, April 12.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					beyonce		
					






















	
		
					Dasha		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	It’s Hozier’s second U.K. top 10 single, joining his signature song “Take Me To Church,” which was released back in September 2013 and peaked at No. 2 the following year. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	The leader at the midweek stage, Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” (Warner Records) holds at No. 2, while Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold ‘Em” (Columbia/Parkway Ent) loses its crown, down 1-3.

	Meanwhile British singer, songwriter and producer Artemas snags a career high with his electronic-pop number “i like the way you kiss me” (Parlophone), up 6-5. This current chart is twice as nice for Artemas, as his followup “if u think i’m pretty” lifts 52-39, for his second U.K  top 40 appearance. 

	As country music cracks the whip in the U.K., Dasha makes her move on the singles chart with “Austin” (Warner Records). It’s up 15-8 as Dasha books her first-ever U.K. top 10 spot. 

J. Cole lifts his tally of top 40 hits to 12, thanks to the surprise release of his mixtape, Might Delete Later (Interscope). Fresh cuts “H.Y.B.” featuring Bas and Central Cee (at No. 29) and the controversial, Kendrick Lamar diss track “7 Minute Drill (at No. 38), open their accounts. 

	Finally, EDM David Guetta star bags his 48th top 40 hit in the U.K. with “I Don’t Wanna Wait,” a collaboration with OneRepublic, new at No. 37. It’s OneRepublic 10th top 40 appearance.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.