"Stick Season" is the clear favorite, accumulating double the tally of its nearest competitor at the midway mark.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Noah Kahan’s “Stick Season” (via Republic Records) is sticking around in the U.K., where it’s predicted to notch a seventh consecutive week at No. 1. 

	Based on midweek sales and streaming data published by the Official Charts Company, “Stick Season” is the clear favorite, accumulating double the tally of its nearest competitor.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ava Max		
					






















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					Declan McKenna		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	That distant rival is Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” (Atlantic) which is primed for a new peak position, lifting 3-2 on the Official Chart Update.  

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	There’s a chance Kahan could snag his first chart double. His Stick Season LP rises to No. 2 on the midweek albums tally — an all-time high — with Declan McKenna and his third album What Happened To The Beach? (via Columbia) the only objects currently blocking his path. 

	Meanwhile, Sophie Ellis-Bextor’s 2001 hit “Murder on the Dancefloor” (Polydor) continues to feel the Saltburn bump, dipping 2-3 on the singles chart blast. 

	Meanwhile, Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” (Warner Records) is poised to do something it has never done before; it’s set to gain 8-4 for a new peak position. The 21-year-old Washington native currently leads the Billboard Global 200 chart with his rock ballad.

Ella Henderson and Rudimental’s “Alibi” (Atlantic) scaled a new peak last Friday, rising 24-16 in its fourth week.  The only way is apparently up for “Alibi,” which is poised for a No. 12 spot on the national chart. “Alibi” samples the late Coolio’s hit “Gangsta’s Paradise” (which in turn sampled Stevie Wonder 1976 single “Pastime Paradise”), a 1995 hit which logged two weeks at No. 1 and finished the year as the U.K.’s second biggest-selling single.

	Finally, Norwegian producer Kygo and U.S. singer Ava Max are expected to crack the U.K. top 20 for the first time with “Whatever” (Columbia/Kygo), improving 28-19 on the chart blast. The EDM tune samples “Whenever, Wherever,” the lead single from Shakira’s debut English-language studio album, Laundry Service, from 2001.

	All will be revealed when the Official U.K. Singles Chart is published late Friday, Feb. 16.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.