The list of accolades Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James—the NBA's all-time leading scorer—has not earned in his illustrious career is short. However, one in particular sticks in his craw, as James is set to reveal on a forthcoming episode of The Shop, .
"Defensive Player of the Year," James said in a clip posted to social media Tuesday morning. "I mean, that's the only award that I don't have in my house."
James has been runner-up for Defensive Player of the Year twice. In 2009 with the Cleveland Cavaliers, he finished second to Orlando Magic center Dwight Howard in a landslide. In 2013, by a much narrower margin, he finished second to Memphis Grizzlies center Marc Gasol while with the Miami Heat.
"It don't make sense." 😤@KingJames talks about the one award he hasn't won and why it still stings in an all-new episode of #TheShop – dropping this Thursday. pic.twitter.com/Rqh4L7fQ2L
"It kind of stings. I've talked about this before," James said. "It's almost what (Jay-Z) said about (Beyoncé). How could she have the most Grammys, but never won Album of the Year?"
James noted that Gasol—his teammate on the Lakers in 2021—was not nominated first team All-Defense the year he won Defensive Player of the Year.
Patrick Andres is a staff writer on the Breaking and Trending News team at Sports Illustrated. He joined SI in December 2022, having worked for The Blade, Athlon Sports, Fear the Sword and Diamond Digest. Andres has covered everything from zero-attendance Big Ten basketball to a seven-overtime college football game. He is a graduate of Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism with a double major in history . 
Follow PAndres2001
© 2025  ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.