Fashion plates: prepare to eat your heart out.  
Hamburgers. Hot Dogs. Gyros. There’s a food cart with a LED marquee flashing the menu items on nearly every corner in NYC. 
Now, avant-garde designer Edna St. Louis is transforming the hot lunch list into Halal-inspired haute couture. 
“I wanted to make a reference to something real New Yorkers experience,” St. Louis, 26, told The Post of her $295 “Halal Cart Bandeau Top.”
Another day in NYC. #subwaycreatures #newyorksubwaysystem #ednastlouis #smalldesigner #newyorkvibes #fashiontech #nycfashion #funny #nycsubway 
“A lot of people like the freedom of self-expression that NYC provides,” she continued. “And wearing something as out-there as that Halal Cart top is kind of like the ultimate expression of that freedom.”
Reminiscent of the LED belt buckles that Millennials rocked during the early aughts — 2000s trendsetters often programmed the scrolling accessories to flash their names or their neighborhoods — St. Louis’ frippery is a fashionable feast for the eyes. 
The Gen Z, based in Midtown’s Garment District, first introduced the illuminated number to online fans during New York Fashion Week in February. Her eye-catching creation debuted just as lucent-wear began taking off like wildfire. 
Beyoncé famously sported a Anrealage coat that, when exposed to UV light that slowly moved down her body, beamed a kaleidoscope of colors from the stages of her recent Renaissance World Tour. 
Meanwhile, the Costume Institute’s spring 2024 exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art features a number of vintage togs that were given new life through specialized light features. 
St. Louis’ radiant regalia features a scrolling, wraparound LED display promoting good eats such as “Lamb,” “Kebab,” “Rice” and “Muffin.” 
The wearable cart art — available in sizes ranging from extra small to double-extra large — comes with a corset-like, compression fit across the chest and boasts an adjustable Velcro closure. 
The flexible LED panel is splash-proof and easy to wipe with a dry cloth. But the ultramodern top can neither be washed nor dry cleaned. 
It’s is lined with leather, and houses an integrated rechargeable battery as well as a power switch.
However, while folks donning the digitized design can control its charge, they’re not able to ditch the dishes on its screen. 
“The words can’t be changed after purchase since it would defeat the point of it being a Halal Cart top,” said St. Louis, adding that she’s always been “mesmerized” by the moving signs. 
“It can’t hurt that it features beloved NYC foods.”
Her cutesy craft is being hailed as “iconic” by over 500,000 clotheshorses online. 
Fashionistas from Gotham and beyond have virally fawned over the finery since the brunette shared a viral snippet of herself wearing the piece on the subway Tuesday. 
“Has Gen Z upgraded from name-belts we millennials wore to this? I’m here for it,” applauded an approving TikTok commenter. 
“As a native New Yorker this is so iconic,” another chimed. 
“THIS IS FASHION,” exclaimed an equally enticed tastemaker.  
St. Louis tells The Post the cyber buzz has translated into a boost in sales and has “nearly tripled our order queue.”
She’s not only grateful to customers, but also to the everyday edginess of the concrete jungle. 
“I owe a ton to NYC,” St. Louis said. “It’s a huge source of inspiration for me.”
Advertisement