We've been reporting on the mess over at NPR. It started when one of their longtime editors Uri Berliner wrote a piece calling them out for their leftwing bias at every level. He was suspended, but then he'd had enough and resigned. Meanwhile, the new NPR CEO Katherine Maher was exposed for her radical woke statements and Elon Musk even called her "one of the worst human beings in America."
READ MORE: 
Elon Musk Calls NPR CEO 'One of the Worst Human Beings in America,' Announces Campaign for 1st Amendment
Longtime NPR Editor Who Exposed Their Bias Resigns, Rips 'Divisive' New CEO on the Way Out the Door
On Friday on his show "Real Time," Bill Maher said he thought that Berliner was right.
"And he pointed out, for example, that of the 87 people working in editorial positions there, 87 are Democrats. Even if you're a Democrat, you can't think this is good," Maher said. 
He took the NPR CEO to task in a funny bit. He said he thought she pronounced her name the same way he pronounced his, although he added, "I kind of wish she pronounced it differently" to laughs from the audience. 
Bill Maher on Katherine Maher:"This is never happened before: I have a namesake in the news, Katherine Maher.She says things like 'Sure looting is counter-productive, but it's founding on treating people's ancestors as private property.'C'mon man, a long time ago.'As… pic.twitter.com/o0kPF5OTV0
Maher said she wasn't really a liberal."She's a Portlandia character," he joked.  
He then highlighted how extreme some of her positions were. 
"She says things like ‘I mean, sure, looting is counterproductive. But it’s founded on treating people's ancestors as private property.' I mean, c'mon man. A long time ago. She says 'I suffer with cis-White mobility privilege.' I mean it's kind of White woman who says she's Beyoncé's spirit animal."
Well said. And this is who is in charge at NPR. 
People, including X owner Elon Musk, loved the humor in calling the NPR CEO out. 
😂
People also thought Bill Maher was doing a service by saying things like this because he's speaking to liberals, exposing to them just how insane all of this is getting so they can be informed and call out the radical leftism too. 
Bill is giving permission for those on the left, terrified by the insanity taking over America's institutions, to speak up & reject it. https://t.co/1C0IsW9JdI
What was also funny was what the NPR CEO had previously posted about Bill Maher about six years ago, which again revealed how bizarrely extreme she is. 
But yeah he’s a racist bigot for sure
I don't think he was aware that she posted that, but he definitely drew a perfect picture of her anyway. 
How could anyone support any of this when she's in charge or when NPR reports with such blatant bias?
READ MORE: 
WATCH: Bill Maher Stuns With Monologue on Trans Ideology and Children, but There's a Problem
Could Be Time to Sign Off As Rep. Banks Introduces Bill to Defund NPR
National Public Radio CEO Katherine Maher’s 1st Amendment Hatred Shows They Removed the Wrong Person

                            Copyright Redstate.com/Salem Media. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you.