Movie Review
Sarabi, Mufasa, and Rafiki in Mufasa: The Lion King.
The 2019 “live action” remake of The Lion King had two big things going for it: People’s love for the original 1994 animated film and a filmmaking style that made the completely CGI film appear photorealistic. The new prequel, Mufasa: The Lion King, has the second element to lean on, but it must win moviegoers over with some familiar characters but a whole new story.
The origin story of Mufasa (voiced by Aaron Pierre) is broached by having it be told to Kiara (Blue Ivy Carter), the daughter of Simba (Donald Glover) and Nala (Beyoncé), by Rafiki (John Kani), Timon (Billy Eichner), and Pumbaa (Seth Rogen), the first of a series of unnecessary decisions in the film. 
As the film tells it, a young Mufasa is on his way to a new home with his parents when he’s washed away by a flash flood. Lost and alone, he’s discovered by Taka (Kelvin Harrison, Jr.), who convinces his mom, Eshe (Thandie Newton), to take Mufasa into their pride, although Taka’s dad, Obasi (Lennie James), is less welcoming.
Mufasa, who proves himself to be brave and daring, and Taka, who's loyal but somewhat weak-willed, grow from cubs into young lions, and their adventures together eventually grow to include a young Rafiki (Kagiso Ledika), as well as Sarabi (Tiffany Boone) and her hornbill companion, Zazu (Preston Nyman). They’re also menaced by a pride of white lions led by Kiros (Mads Mikkelsen), who waste no opportunity to threaten the other lions’ way of life.
Directed by Barry Jenkins and written by Jeff Nathanson, the film — like its 2019 predecessor — has absolutely gorgeous visuals. Using a mixture of real locations and computer generated imagery, Jenkins and his team created a world that feels fully immersive. Everything from the water to the grass to the animals looks like it actually exists, which is an amazing accomplishment and should be celebrated as such.
But the level of detail on that side of the film only increases the level of disappointment with the story. Given the chance to create something new, the filmmakers instead seem to treat the film as just a way to introduce every significant symbol from the original story. You would have thought having young versions of familiar characters would be enough, but instead they go overboard with references, including the creation of a certain location that is patently ridiculous.
Nathanson also overloads the plot with characters and twists. Mufasa’s rise from a nobody to king is faced with multiple obstacles, way too many for what should have been a much simpler story. And Lin-Manuel Miranda’s streak of great music in Disney films ends here, as none of the four songs he contributed work very well. Some are undone by odd phrasing by the performers, and others look strange coming out of the mouths of the characters, but either way, the songs just don’t connect.
The voice performances neither elevate the film nor take away from it. Pierre (Rebel Ridge) and Harrison (Waves) are rising stars in actual live action films, but their appearances here are negligible to the impact of their characters. Mikkelsen (Rogue One) is known for playing great bad guys, and he’s okay here, but nothing to write home about. The rest of the performers don't offer anything special to their roles, including Beyoncé and her daughter, Blue Ivy.
For those who are only looking for “Oh, that’s where that came from!” moments, Mufasa: The Lion King may fit the bill. But for anyone who may want something more than a version of nostalgia, especially from a visionary director like Jenkins, it serves as nothing more than two hours of pretty vistas.
---
Mufasa: The Lion King opens in theaters on December 20.
The coolest of cats
Scott Gertner, one of the most prominent figures in Houston’s music and nightlife scenes, has unexpectedly passed away.
A brief statement by the musician’s family did not share a cause of death. It thanked people for their condolences, asked for privacy, and stated that funeral details would be shared soon. 
Gertner was, without hyperbole, the coolest of cats. As a multi-talented, thrice-Grammy-nominated musician and singer, no one could resist his soulful stylings. As a nightclub owner, he knew how to open up the right spots at the right time. Before its closure in 2010, Scott Gertner’s Skybar was Montrose’s jazz temple in the sky, where people could check out live music while gazing at the stars. (Skybar also attracted celebs like Luther Vandross, Steve Harvey, and Shaquille O’Neal, so the stars weren’t just in the sky.) A decade later, he opened up Scott Gertner’s Rhythm Room on Memorial Dr., luring people in with live grooves and a mouth-watering menu.
In my previous life as a nightlife reporter, Gertner was the person I usually contacted whenever I needed intel on jazz clubs in the city. (I also believe that, during one of these sitdowns, I surprised him one day with a 12-inch single he recorded in the late ‘80s for CBS Records, a lost item I picked up at a nearby record store.) 
But I know I’m not the only person who has sparkling memories featuring Gertner. I reached out to a few friends and asked them what they’ll remember the most about the late, great, swaggerific impresario:
T.J. Callahan, film critic/radio personality: “We had many fantastic CBS Radio Houston Christmas parties at the Skybar. Scott was always the most gracious host and fun performer.
“Also, two of my close friends went to high school at HSPVA with Scott. They are all musicians. During our college years, Scott was playing at the old Ruggles on lower Westheimer, back when everyone cruised that area on the weekends. Every time we passed by the restaurant, my friends and I would scream ‘Gertner’ out the car window, like he was going to hear us and come out and say hi. Hey, we were 18. The boys were so excited Scott had a real gig.”
Russell V. Guess, music producer/former Skybar bartender: “When I tell you I wouldn’t know half the people I know — I wouldn’t have made a good deal of the money I’ve made in my life — and not have had many of the experiences (too many!) that made me who I am if not for this man, it isn’t an exaggeration at all.
“But there’s so much more to remember about the guy. A true artist, bandleader, music lover, and businessman. I soaked up so much game about music and nightlife, a course more valuable than any class I could’ve taken. To know him personally was a privilege not to be taken lightly; he’d hit you with that smile that always said everything his words didn’t. Always the encourager, he supported me in and outside the nightlife. Even after I stopped working for him, we’d still text each other on our birthdays since they were 11 days apart. I was always welcome wherever his venue was located and, if he was there, that smile and a hug was soon to follow.”
Mark Towns, jazz guitarist: “One of the first times I heard Scott play was back in the heyday of Cody’s, when he was on bass and vocals with Paul English’s incredible band. That group was something special — Paul on piano, Kirk Whalum and Johnny Torres on saxophones, and Scott bringing his unique energy and voice to the mix. The vibe was electric at those shows. 
“Later, Scott held down Wednesday nights at Cody’s in the Village, and those nights became legendary. It was the hottest night of the week, and, as the story goes, Scott was making more money that one night than the club owner was making all week. That’s the kind of draw and charisma he had.
“From there, Scott opened the Skybar at the original Cody’s location on Montrose, and I was honored when he hired my Flamenco Jazz trio to play a Wednesday night series there, sponsored by The Wave radio station. We alternated Wednesdays with Joe Carmouche’s excellent trio — great times. He also was the gracious host for the CD release party for my first album, Flamenco Jazz Latino, at Skybar. 
“Back in the late 1980s, way before Skybar and those Village Cody’s Wednesdays, Scott and I played together at the legendary Blues Jam with Ardis Turner (RIP) at Live Bait on Greenbriar — me on guitar and Scott on bass. Too bad there are no recordings of that. We had some wild jams.
“There was a weird kind of synchronicity with Scott — I’d run into him all over Houston, at all hours, in the most random places. It happened often. The last time I saw Scott was at the Rhythm Room last year. We ended up talking for a long while. He was extremely interested in hearing details about some health issues that I had firsthand knowledge about. 
“Scott was a great singer, a great guitarist, a great bassist, and a powerful presence on stage and off. As a performer, a businessman, a leader, and a cultural force, Scott Gertner enriched Houston’s music world. I’m grateful our paths crossed.”