By J. PETERSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:41, 6 April 2024   |  Updated:  17:12, 6 April 2024   
 752
View  comments
Britney Spears has vowed never to return to the music industry.
But the former hitmaker, 42, could have a bright future monetizing herself on the raunchy subscription-based website OnlyFans.
In recent years, the X-rated website has seen a huge influx of bona fide celebrities willing to offer fans a glimpse at their more salacious sides - while raking in millions of dollars. 
Bella Thorne - who, just like Britney, is a former child star - earned a record $1 million in her first 24 hours on the site, while former Bond Girl Denise Richards' earnings are believed to have reached as high as $2million a month. 
But, according to experts, Britney has the potential to eclipse them all.  
Britney Spears has made headlines by baring it all in a series of thirst traps (left and right from last week) since being freed from her conservatorship, and splitting from her husband 
The 42-year-old singer could earn well over $100 million annually from OnlyFans
OnlyFans manager Celeste Franklyn, from the Plush Agency, believes Britney could rake in up to $18million in her first month alone if she ever joined the racy platform
DailyMail.com spoke to OnlyFans manager Celeste Franklyn from Miami's No. 1 OnlyFans agency Plush, who believes that Britney's earnings on the platform could easily eclipse anything she's made from music and touring.
'According to all the statistics I've examined, my prediction for her earnings would be that the first month of the launch will bring a massive influx of people - possibly making her earnings range anywhere from $13 million to $18 million,' Celeste said.
'In the following months, her income will most likely level out to about $6 million to $9 million a month, due to the decline of engagement that was caused by the initial curiosity.'
With annual earnings estimated to hit well over $100 million, Britney's OnlyFans career could make her richer than the music industry ever did.
The star's last tour, Piece of Me, grossed just $54 million in 2018.
Celeste believes that the Toxic singer would join rapper Iggy Azalea as one of the highest paid creators on OnlyFans if she signed up.
However, she suggests that Britney will need to be strategic with her OnlyFans content due to her fanbase, which is 65 per cent female.
'For Spears to achieve success on OnlyFans, she would have to differentiate the content significantly,' she explained.
'Instead of marketing the page to the male audience directly, a strategic approach would be to market the OnlyFans content as exclusive fan material, in addition to occasional explicit content, to retain male interest - kind of like an exclusive page that doesn't have a filter or any sort of censorship on it.'
With annual earnings estimated to hit well over $100 million, Britney's OnlyFans career could make her richer than the music industry ever did
The star's last tour, Piece of Me, grossed just $54 million in 2018
Celeste also warned that the publicity rollout and management of Britney's account would need to be 'meticulous' to maximize her earning potential. 
'The launch of her page must be meticulously planned, carving out every fine detail,' Celeste said.
'Not to mention the quality and consistency of her content would have to drastically improve beforehand.'
Both OnlyFans and Britney's management declined to comment when contacted. 
Sources have previously said that the Slumber Party singer has no interest in joining OnlyFans - despite the money she could make on the site. 
According to TMZ, her reason for staying off OnlyFans is to avoid being 'associated with the explicit side of the platform.'  
TMZ claims that the site reached out directly to the star's team ahead of her divorce from Sam Asghari and they had 'some initial convos about her joining.'
Ultimately she passed, and has opted to push the community guidelines on her pre-existing social media accounts.
Britney often shares racy videos of herself performing choreography in skimpy outfits, which have included a red latex devil costume and sheer lingerie
The pop princess has also posted provocative photos of herself completely naked - with nothing more than miniscule emojis to protect her modesty
Britney certainly isn't shy when it comes to flaunting her curves for free on social media.
She often shares racy videos of herself performing choreography in skimpy outfits, which have included a red latex devil costume and sheer lingerie. 
The pop princess has also posted provocative photos of herself completely naked - with nothing more than miniscule emojis to protect her modesty. 
Last year, Britney admitted in her memoir that posing nude brings her 'joy.'
'I know that a lot of people don't understand why I love taking pictures of myself naked or in new dresses,' she wrote.
'But I think if they'd been photographed by other people thousands of times, prodded and posed for other people's approval, they'd understand that I get a lot of joy from posting the way I feel sexy and taking my own pictures.'
In 2021, Britney's net worth was reported by Forbes as being $60 million - a low figure compared to peers such as Beyoncé and Katy Perry.
Britney left almost nothing to the imagination after posing naked on the beach last year
The former hitmaker has said that posing naked brings her 'joy' and makes her 'feel sexy'
In January, she announced that she'd quit the music industry for good and had no plans to record a new album.
'They keep saying I'm turning to random people to do a new album… I will never return to the music industry!' she wrote on Instagram.
However, the star claims that she's been ghostwriting songs for other artists - which would earn her royalties from publishing.
These days, her biggest money maker is her record-breaking memoir, The Woman In Me.
Britney was paid a whopping $12.5 million advance for the tome, on top of raking in 25 per cent of the net profits.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group