By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:16, 9 October 2024   |  Updated:  04:19, 9 October 2024   
 12
View  comments
Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell supported their mom Maggie Baird at Glamour's Women of the Year Awards on Tuesday evening.
The actress, 65, arrived at the event with both of her Grammy-winning musician kids on her arm and walked the red carpet with them at the Times Square EDITION hotel in New York City.
The former Broadway star appeared in Glamour's Women of the Year issue centered on four mothers of superstars.
In addition to Baird, the issue this year also features Beyoncé's mother Tina Knowles, Selena Gomez's mother Mandy Teefey and Travis Kelce's mother Donna Kelce. 
For the special occasion, Baird put on a glamorous display in an all-black ensemble with a velvet, floor-sweeping robe. 
Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell supported their mom Maggie Baird at Glamour's Women of the Year Awards on Tuesday evening
At her side, Billie sported an oversize, pinstriped blazer, which she layered over a white button-down and a black, satin tie. 
She also sported white cargo shorts with long, black socks and chunky sneakers featuring bright red laces. 
Finneas also dressed to impress and went for a monochromatic, navy blue outfit. 
He layered a knit sweater with a utility jacket-style blazer and matching trousers before completing his look with crisp, white sneakers. 
This comes after Baird went viral when fans discovered she previously appeared in an 1999 episode of Friends. 
In the episode, she played a casting director working with Matt LeBlanc's character Joey Tribbiani on an audition so he could keep his health insurance. 
In her interview with Glamour, she talked about working as an actress and shut down any claims that her kids benefitted from nepotism. 
Baird said that she and her husband Patrick O'Connell were 'working class actors' who 'eked out a meager living.' 
The actress, 65, arrived at the event with both of her Grammy-winning musician kids on her arm and walked the red carpet with them at the Times Square EDITION hotel in New York City
For the special occasion, Baird put on a glamorous display in an all-black ensemble with a velvet, floor-sweeping robe
'I think it's hilarious,' she said about her brief appearance in Friends. 'Because that came out, and it was like, "Oh, Billie is a nepo baby." 
And I'm like, "Did you know that I got that episode of Friends because I was about to lose my health insurance?"' 
Baird clarified that she and her husband were always 'working class actors.' 
'We eked out a meager living, and it afforded us a lot of time with our kids, which was awesome,' she recalled. 
'But the industry is primarily people like us or even people not even like us who couldn't even do that. 
'So when all of this happened to our kids, we'd never been on that side of it,' she said.
At her side, Billie sported an oversize, pinstriped blazer, which she layered over a white button-down and a black, satin tie. Finneas also dressed to impress and went for a monochromatic, navy blue outfit
In her interview with Glamour, she talked about working as an actress and shut down any claims that her kids benefitted from nepotism; pictured February 18 in Santa Monica
Baird clarified that she and her husband were always 'working class actors.' 'We eked out a meager living, and it afforded us a lot of time with our kids, which was awesome,' she recalled; pictured December 2019 in Los Angeles
'But the industry is primarily people like us or even people not even like us who couldn't even do that. 'So when all of this happened to our kids, we'd never been on that side of it,' she said
She said that she is one of the many 'working creatives' who 'make perfectly happy lives' and 'feel fulfilled'; pictured October 2019 in Los Angeles
'But that's a very different life than on this side of the door where you're suddenly playing in this different arena,' she said about the heights of fame her kids have achieved; pictured March 2022 in Hollywood
From the 1980s to 2010s, Baird appeared in shows including Curb Your Enthusiasm, The X-Files, The West Wing and Charmed and many more.
However, she noted that she only appeared in minor roles and did not play any leading characters.
'I think that people don't really understand there's a whole industry of people who are creative and they're working and they're struggling, and they make perfectly happy lives, and they feel creative, and they feel fulfilled,' she said. 
'But that's a very different life than on this side of the door where you're suddenly playing in this different arena.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group