Beyoncé shared photos from the New York opening of the musical starring Williams.

													By
												

	Ashley Iasimone


	The opening night of Death Becomes Her on Broadway brought the ladies of Destiny’s Child together for a group reunion. Both Beyoncé and Kelly Rowland showed up at New York City’s Lunt-Fontanne Theatre Thursday night (Nov. 21) in support of Michelle Williams‘ performance as Viola Van Horn in the musical.

	Beyoncé posted on Instagram twice on Saturday. Both posts were full of photos and clips from attending Williams’ show, which also stars Megan Hilty (as Madeline Ashton), Jennifer Simard (Helen Sharp) and Christopher Sieber (Ernest Menville). Death Becomes Her is a musical adaptation of Universal Pictures’ 1992 film of the same name, a dark comedy led by Meryl Streep, Goldie Hawn, Bruce Willis and Isabella Rossellini.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“My Belle,” Beyoncé captioned a series of pictures from her evening seeing Williams in Death Becomes Her.

	In a variety of photos, fans get a glimpse at the Broadway star looking gorgeous on opening night, the ladies posing with Beyoncé’s mom (Tina Knowles) and holding each other’s hands, the Broadway production’s playbill, a look at Bey’s outfit, stage shots from the the theater and more.

	Beyoncé’s other post shared similar moments from the special night, set to Cowboy Carter‘s “II Most Wanted,” in which she sings, “I’ll be your shotgun rider ’til the day I, ’til the day I die.”

	Williams saw the sentimental post and commented, “I try not to cry too early in the day BUT……. My sisters 4ever!”

	Last month, Williams lamented being unable to join Beyoncé and Rowland at Kamala Harris’ rally in Houston ahead of the 2024 election; she was busy in previews of Death Becomes Her in New York.

	“I was so happy [for Beyoncé and Kelly],” she said in an appearance on the Sherri show. “It was the first time that I have not been able to be in person for something that I wanted to be at … It’s a sacrifice that we make [being] on Broadway.” Williams said she watched the rally later and loved that her Destiny’s Child bandmates “represented and held me down in their own way.”

	The trio released their last studio album together, Destiny Fulfilled, 20 years ago. The set peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 albums chart in December 2004.

	See Beyoncé’s Death Becomes Her video montage from opening night here and her slideshow of photos here.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.