By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:59, 13 November 2024   |  Updated:  10:10, 13 November 2024   
 65
View  comments
In wake of Megan Fox's shock pregnancy news, it's been reported that Machine Gun Kelly has 'no relationship' with her ex-husband Brian Austin Green.
According to TMZ, the rapper-turned-rocker, 34, hasn't spoken or seen Green, 51, in two years and hasn't made much of an effort to be a 'father figure' to Fox's kids.
Fox shares three sons — Noah, Bodhi and Journey — with Green, who she divorced in 2020 after a decade of marriage.
She got engaged to Machine Gun Kelly in 2022 after two years of dating and she confirmed this week that she's expecting their first child.
MGK and Green's alleged icy relationship could create a tense co-parenting dynamic once Fox gives birth next year.
In wake of Megan Fox's shock pregnancy news , it's been reported that Machine Gun Kelly has 'no relationship' with her ex-husband Brian Austin Green; MGK and Megan seen in 2022
According to TMZ , the rapper-turned-rocker, 34, hasn't spoken or seen Green, 51, in two years 
TMZ reported that Machine Gun Kelly last crossed paths with Green in 2022 when he accompanied Fox to one of her sons' school functions.
Sources who were in attendance claimed that Green tried to 'break the ice' by cordially approaching MGK during the event. 
However, the greeting didn't go as planned as MGK is said to have offered 'nothing more than an unenthused 'What up'' to Green.
He also refused to make eye contact with Green during the encounter, making it clear that he was not interested in befriending the Beverly Hills, 90210 star.
This was reportedly the last time that MGK and Green have spoken to or seen one another.
Sources told the outlet that Green would like the Rap Devil hitmaker to involve himself more in his and Fox's kids' lives.
But when it comes to the possibility of Green forming an amicable relationship with MGK in the future, the insider said: 'That ship has sailed.'
In contrast, Green's fiancee Sharna Burgess, 39, has a 'great relationship' with his ex Megan and their three sons.
When she began dating Green four years ago, Burgess went out of her way to introduce herself to Fox and even exchanged numbers with the Transformers actress, another source told TMZ.
MGK also hasn't made much of an effort to be a 'father figure' to Fox's kids; Green and Fox with sons Noah, Bodhi and Journey
Fox and Green divorced in 2020 after a decade of marriage; seen in 2013
Sharna is so involved in Noah, Bodhi and Journey's lives that they now refer to her as 'mom.' Green and Sharna welcomed their first child, son Zane Walker Green, two, in 2022.
On Monday, Megan shocked as she made her pregnancy announcement by debuting her bump in an edgy shoot showing her covered in black paint as she cradled her stomach.
The post was captioned: 'nothing is ever really lost. welcome back.' She added an angel and heart emoji to the caption.
The announcement was soundtracked to the MGK song Last November, a track about the miscarriage she previously suffered with the musician.
Megan is already a mother of three and Machine Gun Kelly is already a father to his 15-year-old daughter Casie Colson Baker, who he shares with ex Emma Cannon.
TMZ revealed on Tuesday that Fox is four to five months along in her pregnancy.
This would mean that she and MGK — born Colson Baker — would have a due date in March for their first child together.
The site reports that the power could does know the sex of the baby but they are keeping it between themselves for now.
Insiders for the publication claim that the Jennifer's Body actress is feeling confident and healthy during the pregnancy which is obviously a great sign considering her prior pregnancy loss.
Fox's shock pregnancy announcement comes a year after she revealed she suffered a miscarriage with MGK.
MGK and Green's alleged icy relationship could create a tense co-parenting dynamic once Fox gives birth
In contrast, Green's fiancee Sharna Burgess, 39, has a 'great relationship' with Megan and their three sons
She opened up about the experience in her 2023 book of poetry, Pretty Boys Are Poisonous.
Megan wrote about an ultrasound of a baby girl at 10 weeks and a day, per excerpts from People, and said: 'maybe if you hadn't... maybe if i had...'
She continued, 'I want to hold your hand / hear your laugh, but now / I have to say / goodbye,' and later adds, 'I close my eyes and imagine holding you tight against my chest as they rip you from my insides'.
Elsewhere in the book, she wrote, 'I will pay any price. Tell me please / what is the ransom / for her soul?'
During an interview on Good Morning America at the time, Megan said she had 'never been through anything like that before in my life'.
'It was very difficult for both of us,' she explained. 'And it sent us on a very wild journey together and separately, and together and apart, and together and apart, and together and apart, trying to navigate, 'What does this mean? Why did this happen?''
Megan and MGK had never discussed the pregnancy loss prior to the poetry book, however the 'Bloody Valentine' hitmaker did appear to allude to it at the Billboard Music Awards in May 2022, dedicating his performance to Megan and adding, 'This is for our unborn child.'
Megan also suffered an ectopic pregnancy years earlier.
She revealed the loss in an interview with Women's Wear Daily last year as she discussed the two poems she wrote about her miscarriage.
'That experience was so much harder than I would've anticipated it being, and I've really analyzed 'why was that? Why was that so difficult for me?' Because when I was younger, I had an ectopic pregnancy, I've had other things that I'm not going to say because God forbid the world will be in an uproar.
On Monday, Megan shocked as she made her pregnancy announcement by debuting her bump in an edgy shoot showing her covered in black paint as she cradled her stomach; seen in 2020
She also shared a photo of her positive pregnancy test
'But I've been through other similar issues, but not with someone who I was so in love with.'
'And so that love element really made this miscarriage really tragic for me and left me with a lot of grief and a lot of suffering.
'So I put it into a lot of writing. He's written about them in his albums as well, he wrote a couple of songs about the miscarriage. So it just felt like something that I could address publicly because it's been addressed in one way through him, so I have a space to express as well.'
The pregnancy announcement comes several months after Megan and MGK confused fans with his music video, Lonely Roll, which was released in July.
Megan appears in the video sporting a fake baby bump before the video ends with her playing with a baby girl.
The credits of the video further confused fans as the final line read: 'Introducing: Baby Violet Leika.'
At the time, a source shared with Us Weekly that Megan was not pregnant but that she and MGK had discussed starting a family together. 'Although they have discussed having a baby, this was just for MGK's music video,' the insider said.
Megan and MGK have had a passionate and rocky relationship.
They first began dating in 2020 after meeting on the set of Midnight in The Switchgrass before getting engaged in 2022.
When announcing their betrothal on Instagram, Megan said she and MGK 'drank each other's blood' to celebrate the occasion.
But just over a year later, Megan sensationally hinted she had split from MGK as she shared a cryptic Instagram post before completely deleting her account.
TMZ revealed on Tuesday that Fox is four to five months along in her pregnancy 
Megan cloaked her bump beneath a Star Wars costume as she celebrated Halloween with her boyfriend last month 
The actress posted a video in which she appeared to burn a letter in a bonfire, along with a bag.
She also uploaded a very raunchy string of mirror selfies while joined by a male pal, in which she put on a busty display in a plunging black top and cut-out trousers.
Megan wrote in her caption, 'You can taste the dishonesty/ it's all over your breath,' which are lyrics from Beyoncé's 2016 track, Pray You Catch Me, about her husband Jay Z's own affair.
She then removed all traces of Machine Gun Kelly from her Instagram grid, having unfollowed him before deleting her account altogether.
Ultimately they seemed to patch things up and things appear to be all well between them now, with the couple being seen together ever since.
The rapper also recently tattooed his entire upper body in black ink, reportedly to prove to Megan that he is 100% committed to their relationship.
In March, during an appearance on Alex Cooper's Call Her Daddy podcast, Megan revealed she and MGK had ended their engagement at some point.
'I feel like everyone has such an opinion on your guys relationship. You got engaged, then I think it was called off, then we don't know what's going on with you. How would you describe your relationship with MGK?' host Alex Cooper asked.
Megan responded: 'I think that what I've learned from being in this relationship is that it's not for public consumption, so I think as of now, I don't have a comment on like the status of the relationship per say.
'What I can say is that is what I refer to as being my twin soul and there will always be a tether to him no matter what. I can't say for sure what the capacity will be, but I will always be connected to him somehow.
The pregnancy announcement comes several months after Megan and MGK confused fans with his music video, Lonely Roll, which was released in July; seen in a still from the video
They first began dating in 2020 after meeting on the set of Midnight in The Switchgrass before getting engaged in 2022
Megan is already a mother of three and Machine Gun Kelly has daughter Casie Colson Baker, 15, with ex Emma Cannon; pictured last year
'Beyond that I'm not willing to explain. But all those things you said were accurate things that have occurred and I can see them being confusing or interesting to people and them being like, 'What's up?''
Her final comment confirmed speculation she had ended her engagement from Kelly.
Megan was previously married to Beverly Hills, 90210 alum Brian Austin Green from 2010 to 2021. They welcomed three children together during their marriage before their union officially ended.
Brian has been with DWTS professional Sharna Burgess since 2020 and they have son Zane Walker Green, two, together.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group