ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 09: Kanye West attends the 2020 Vanity Fair Oscar Party hosted ... More by Radhika Jones at Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts on February 09, 2020 in Beverly Hills, California. (Photo by Rich Fury/VF20/Getty Images for Vanity Fair)
Much has been made in the past half-decade or so about so-called “cancel culture.” When a person–usually a celebrity–does or says something deemed so offensive or heinous by a large portion of the population, their career tumbles, public perception does a 180, and it looks like their future is dimmed. Countless media figures have been taken down by this phenomenon, but one star seems to be immune.
Ye West may be uncancelable. The rapper—formerly known as Kanye—has racked up more controversies in only a few years than most people will in a lifetime. In fact, it seems like the majority of the biggest controversies in music in the past few years have almost all been connected to the hip-hop artist. By now, almost anyone else wouldn’t have a career–but not Ye.
Ye currently claims the No. 1 song in America. He and his collaborators Ty Dolla $ign, Rich the Kid, and Playboi Carti sit atop the Hot 100 this frame with “Carnival,” which lifts to the highest rung for the first time. In doing so, the quartet replaces Beyoncé and her country tune “Texas Hold ‘Em” atop the competitive tally.
Just a few weeks ago, West and $ign, now in a super duo named ¥$, debuted their first album together, Vultures 1, at No. 1 as well. That project held on for two weeks atop the Billboard 200, and now it’s only down to No. 3.
West’s career isn’t just going well–it hasn’t been this good in a long time. “Carnival” marks his first No. 1 hit in more than a decade, and his fans seem more interested in supporting–and defending–the rapper than ever before.
All of this success comes in the wake of a number of controversies–any one of which would have ended the career of someone else. Beginning in late 2022, West began to share a number of incredibly offensive comments that were widely denounced as antisemitic. On October 3, 2022, he wore a “White Lives Matter” t-shirt at a Paris Fashion Week event. On October 8, 2022, he tweeted, “I’m a bit sleepy tonight but when I wake up I’m going death con 3 On JEWISH PEOPLE.” On October 16, he stated in an episode of the Drink Champs podcast that he felt "Jewish people have owned the Black voice."
These comments are just a handful of the many, many horrific statements West has shared in only the span of about a year and a half. In the past, the rapper has gotten himself into trouble by commenting on former President George Bush’s perceived lack of care for Black Americans and interrupting Taylor Swift’s MTV Video Music Awards speech, but his recent antisemitism was on an entirely different level, even for him.
In only a matter of weeks, West’s business empire crumbled. He was dropped by seemingly everyone he worked with, including brands like Gap
GPS
, Balenciaga, and most importantly, Adidas. His record label distanced itself from the chart-topper, his lawyers walked away, and CAA dropped him as a client. West lost his billionaire status, and his net worth dropped by hundreds of millions.
It seemed, for a little while at least, like West’s career was over. Many stated it was simply impossible for someone to bounce back after saying so many disgusting things. And yet, that didn’t turn out to be the case. In fact, these comments and controversies may have helped him.
While there are plenty of people who still want nothing to do with West, there is a large enough population of fans who continue to stream and buy everything he releases. Vultures 1 was a commercial success from the moment it arrived–many months late–despite the fact that it dropped only about a year after he was “canceled.”
Some of these listeners may be longtime fans who can’t imagine letting him go, while others may be attracted to the circus–nay, “Carnival”–that encircles him at all times. Still others might not care about any of what’s going on, and they simply press play on Spotify or Apple
AAPL
 Music without a thought in their minds.
Many, many celebrities have seen their careers dry up overnight over far less controversial happenings. So how is West able to continue to not only persevere, but thrive? His secret is a mystery, and his success can’t be fully explained–though that’s been part of his story throughout his career. In this era of cancel culture, it appears that West can’t be stopped. What that says about him, his fans, America, and today’s celebrity-obsessed world is not pretty.