There’s a lot more to it than just snapping a shot of your schlong, okay?
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Look, we know that dick pics tend to get a bad rap. (Which is...not totally unjustified!) But hear us out: why should all the good nudes come from people with pussies? A proper (consensual—and we'll get to that) dick pic is not a not only a delightfully raunchy way to dabble in a little long-distance exhibitionism, but it also makes sending nudes a two-way street. Under the right circumstances, a well-timed, well-lit glamor shot of the dick you're dating can be just the thing to get you in the mood. 
In addition to providing some lovely inspo to fuel a sext fest and build up sexual tension, it’s also a great opportunity for penis-havers to flaunt their stuff. According to research psychologist Sarah E. Hill, PhD, our brains get a big ole hit of dopamine—a neurotransmitter that makes us feel amazing—when we do a naughty version of Show and Tell. And honestly, we all deserve to experience that instant confidence boost of showing off our sexiest selves to our partners. That said, not all dick pics are good dick pics. That’s why we’re here to help you (or help you help the dick-haver in your life) master this art form.
From lighting and angles to composition and—of course—consent and safety, here’s everything you need to know about how to take a good dick pic. Featuring expert tips and first-person insight from real women on what, exactly, they like to see in their penis photography, this guide is basically your key to graduating with an MFA in dick pics. Please find your seat; class is officially in session.
Listen up, cause this one is majorly important. Not only is sending unsolicited nudes illegal in many states, but you have to make sure you can trust the lucky recipient of your photos. “Anything that you send digitally can get into the wrong hands if you have an untrustworthy partner,” says Hill. “Even pictures sent on apps like Snapchat can be captured without your consent from an external device (e.g., using your iPad to take a picture of a nude you received on your phone). You need to be certain your partner is someone you can trust and will take the appropriate precautionary measures to ensure the picture won’t be seen by anyone it was not intended [for].”
Before we get into the fun stuff (and consent is fun), you should know that there really is no completely risk-free way to send nudes. But following these consent and safety tips with a trusted partner can help you keep things as safe as possible.
So, how do you go about getting consent in a comfortable way, or even broaching the subject of dick pics? As usual, straightforward communication is always your best bet. 
"Ensure clear communication and respect boundaries by directly asking for consent before sending any explicit images, respecting the recipient's autonomy and comfort level," says sexologist Denise Renye.  "If the answer is no, don't get defensive but accept this respectfully.” 
"It's always best to be polite but direct when asking to send dirty pics," says cyber dominatrix Miss Bijoux. "Something as simple as, 'Would you be into me sending you a nude pic?' would be a hot way to get consent." Need specific examples? We've got you. Certified sex therapist and associate director at Modern Sex Therapy Institutes, Holly Richmond, PhD. has two super hot suggestions. "I'm feeling really turned on by our chat right now. Can I send you a racy picture?" or "You are so witty—I love texting with you. What do you think about taking it to the next level? Can I send you a naked, naughty photo of me? If it's too soon, it's totally okay."
See? So cute and easy—and absolutely necessary. Remember, sending an unwanted dick pic isn't just illegal; it also shows a lack of respect for your partner, which is pretty much guaranteed to result in the opposite of turning them on.
To summarize, here a few important things to consider and discuss before trading nudes:
While you don't need a professional photog to capture your dick pics, don’t be a slob about it. “A little effort goes a long way,” says Cosmopolitan columnist Zachary Zane, author of Boyslut: A Memoir and Manifesto and sex expert for Fun Factory. “If someone sends a dick pic where they clearly didn't try hard, I am SOO quickly turned off. Put some effort in. Your dick isn't Beyoncé—it doesn't wake up like this. It needs light and angles and a good background to look good.”
Here are some easy-to-follow composition tips—and, speaking of tips, make sure to include the whole thing in the shot, not just the tip: “Do not do it over a toilet bowl. Don't take a dick pic anywhere with a distracting background. The focus should be on the dick, not on your unmade bed,” Zane says.
While it’s totally fine not to show your face, rather than snapping a close-up of just the dick, try to work in a little bit of a happy trail. “Most people don't necessarily love a floating dick,” Zane advises. “I understand not wanting to share your face, but you can share a little bit of your body (torso, thighs) with the dick pick to remind the viewer that this dick is attached to you. (It also gives a more accurate sense of your size).”
As for lighting, it should be facing your dick, not behind it. “From a technical standpoint, the pic should be well-lit, with your dick easily seen. Not too far away, but not too zoomed in,” says Miss Bijoux. “If you have any unique features such as a noticeable vein, lean into that in your photo. Bonus points if you take the shot on something like iOS portrait mode or adjust the focal point,” (to your dick, duh).
Generally speaking, most people are not huge fans of recycled nudes. “I ask them to send me a dick pic holding my name card," says Jasmine Mendez, aka Goddess Jasmine, a dominatrix who gets paid to judge dick pics. Brilliant move. 
That said, reusing some of your fave nudes isn’t necessarily bad form—it really all comes down to honesty. “My hot take is that having a roster of go-to pics in your phone is actually a great idea. Just don’t pretend they are uniquely taken for the person you’re sending them to and you’re all good!” says OnlyFans creator Ms Vitamin D, who offers dick ratings. 
Now, for the question of the hour: To include the balls or not to include the balls? While testicles can have kind of a silly reputation, as Zane points out, it's hard to take a dick pic without them. If you're really not sure what to include or not include in a dick pic, thankfully, there's a laughably easy solution: Just ask the person you're sexting with what they're into. BTW, this rule also applies to absolutely everything we've talked about. As experienced in dick pics as all of these experts are, at the end of the day, this erotic art is really between you and the person you're sending it to.
And now, to further help you on your journey, here's what 35 people have to say about what they like (or loathe) in dick pics. 
1. "Every guy thinks the ideal method is to lie down and snap a pic from their viewpoint, but that gives a weird shot of hairy hot dog legs that doesn’t do it for me. I like a side view with a hearty grip that says 'I mean business.' Bonus points if the snapshot includes the lower stomach area, 2x the bonus points if that tummy area has a cute lil happy trail." —Lucy, 28
2. "I only enjoy a good dick pic if I’m already in the ~mood~. The penis should be the focus, but it doesn't need to be the entire picture. Experiment with angles rather than distance and cut it out with the flash. Warm lighting is always more flattering, so go stand by a lamp or something." —Lauren, 26
3. "A hard dick + a backdrop that doesn’t include your toilet, a sink, or a dirty floor." —Faith, 26
4. "I have received two truly transformative dick pics in my life. The first was a gorgeous, well-framed black and white shot, and the other was a video with his underwear on, gently rubbing it. The key for me is effort and as a bonus, leaving something up to the imagination is super hot." —Taylor, 28
5. "Fuck pictures. Send me a video. Show me some abs, talk dirty to me, say my name...make it personal so I know this isn’t a recycled nude they send out on blast when it’s time to shoot their shot." —Amy, 30
6. "I feel like a good dick pic isn’t even a full, no clothes dick pic. The best dick pics are a fully hard, clothed dick with his hand kinda pushing it to the side so you can see the outline through his pants. Leaves a little to the imagination while still showing what he’s working with!" —Stacey, 29
7. "A good dick pic is well framed. Ideally, you wanna be able to see the lower abs—or at least the whole pubic area, and some thigh. Also, the penis should be in focus and have just enough light hitting it that there’s some contrast between it and its surroundings." —Jenny, 23 
8. "For the love of God, take the picture with your shirt off. Please. I beg you. Don't Winnie-the-Pooh the assignment." —Melissa, 30
9. "The best dick pic isn't a dick pic at all but instead, is an *almost* dick pic. A guy I was dating once sent me a photo of him casually grabbing his clothed penis, and I almost lost it. The subtle shot of his erection without going to all the fuss of taking off his clothes and angling the camera made the whole thing seem way sexier." —Nicole, 26
10. "Since what makes an attractive dick pic can vary from person to person and situation to situation, the hottest thing a guy can do is ask me what I want to see. Once, a FWB asked me to specifically tell him what I wanted, and his confidence and boldness instantly turned me on. Understanding that someone's desires aren't stagnant and fulfilling what they want in the moment is honestly the most desirable thing ever.” —Lelia, 29
11. "I might be in the minority here, but a dick pic doesn't really do it for me. The only way it really works is if there's some humor or cheekiness involved. Once my boyfriend sent me a picture of his penis literally in a hotdog bun and said, 'wanna bite?' The totally unexpected and hilarious angle of the photo is what really turned me on." —Karina, 28
12. "One of the hottest dick pics I've ever received was when a guy took one directly out of the shower. It was a full-body frontal picture in his bathroom mirror. Because of the steam, the mirror was a bit foggy, but you could see just enough of the whole body that it was actually an incredibly sexy picture—which also happened to include a great sneak peek of his package." —Krysta, 24 
13. "Okay, honestly, I'm really into dick videos lately. Show me what you're working with in a better way than what any picture can show me." —Raya, 27
14. “I like when a guy’s hand has a good grip on it...if you know what I mean ;)” —Nico, 21 
15. “I prefer videos. Also, knock it the fuck off with the emojis.” —Taylor, 20 
16. “Once I got a flaccid dick pic. That was weird, so, like, don't do that.” —Kate, 21
17. "Close-up shots are horrifying. Stand back a lil bit." —Sarah, 21
18. “Don’t do the thing where you press down on your balls to make your dick pop and look bigger. We know it’s not that big. Also, a little mood lighting never hurts (like, bad nighttime lighting where everything looks yellow and you have to use flash...that’s a no-go). But a fresh-out-of-the-shower mirror picture is always a safe bet! Like, when there is still steam everywhere and you have to wipe a little off the mirror to expose the D.” —Sophie, 26 
19. “I’m a sucker for an artsy dick pic. Some may think it’s a bit narcissistic, but using a self-timer and lying out on something is sexy AF. I wanna look at you like the fucking work of art you are! And in my opinion, that should be a full-body nude. That’s because I don’t see a dick and get turned on..it does nothing for me visually. But I think the human body is stunning.” —Liz, 24 
20. “It’s hot when it’s an actual body shot and not some low-quality up-close-and-personal junk shot. I love it when my boyfriend of three years sends me nude pictures in risky places. Like, when he sends me something from work, I’m like, yesssssir.” —Megan, 24
21. “The angle is everything. I don’t want it just from the top to see the head or from the bottom to see the balls. But if it’s from the side and he’s holding it like he’s touching himself, that’s kind of hot because you know he’s thinking of you at that moment.” —Valerie, 24 
22. “First of all, it doesn’t matter on the angle, lighting, or frame of your dick pic. If we didn’t ask for a picture, don’t send it. There’s nothing worse than being on your phone and having a huge, unsolicited penis picture pop up on your screen. That being said, I’m looking for something effortless. Turn off the fluorescent lighting, lie down in bed, and snap away. The last thing I want to see is a guy flexing in the bathroom mirror. Put your hand at the base of your (hopefully hard) penis for a better scale, and take the picture from a lower angle to make it look bigger.” —Taylor, 25 
23. “A photo of a guy touching his dick makes it look so much hotter than just a lonely penis staring you in the face. Erect is probably better than flaccid. Pants or boxers pulled down or totally pants-less is best, although sometimes peeking out of boxers can be hot. It’s also good when it’s close but not too close up that it’s anatomical. I like being able to see some background.” —Rachel, 35
24. “When guys send a dick pic, I actually really don’t want to see the dick. I’m more interested in seeing his abs—or his dad-bod stomach—and maybe a little of the booty. An angle that I like is a nice high-above pic where the phone is looking directly down on the stomach or abs from above. Please don’t put your face in the photo or include your dirty room in the background. I’d just rather see their bodies. And finally, something else I’d like to emphasize: If you send a photo, I am not obligated to send one back!” —Maddie*, 21 
25. “When it comes to dick pics, I don’t care if you are three inches or nine—accurate representation is important. I am constantly working to love myself and my imperfections, and if you are feeling bad about your dick size, shape, etc., I can tell by the photo you send. Keep it natural and make sure it’s close up. Be confident in your photo, and if you have a cock ring, put that on too! I personally find cock rings super hot, and knowing you are comfortable with toys is a big turn-on and tells me a lot about a person.” —Sarah, 31 
26. "The background should be clean and tasteful. I’m not particularly drawn to the idea of coming to your apartment if what I see in the background is reminiscent of a college dorm. When I send sexy pics, I take a lot of pride in the way I display my body. I love wearing lingerie and posing seductively, and I really like taking short videos sometimes too instead of just pictures. If I send you some high-quality content, then you send a pic of your dick hard and hanging out of your underwear in your messy bathroom? Yeah, that's not gonna cut it.” —Janice, 21 
27. “I personally like a hand in the picture because I  really like to imagine that the guy is actively jerking off for me in some capacity. I also like mirror pics where I can see your full body or pics lying in bed from dick up (dick, chest, shoulders, face). Never send pictures of your soft dick. I know that sounds obvious, but you have no idea how many soft-dick pics I’ve gotten. Don’t awkwardly hold your dick in an unusual way just because you’re trying to make it look larger." —Selena*, 20 
28. “I actually love dick pics that don’t show everything. I’m just way more attracted to a photo of a clothed boner than a naked photo. Like, hard dick laid flat underneath boxer briefs and I’m donezo. Or in gray sweats or athletic shorts. Leaving something to the imagination is hotter than a bare dick to me.” —Dia, 26 
29. “For me, a dick on its own isn’t attractive. Like, obviously, unsolicited dick pics are awful for many reasons, but one thing I hate about them is that they’re always just some smelly-looking dick without context with the flash on. And you can, like, see Fifa on the TV in the background. They’re never sexy. I don’t feel strongly about what is a ‘good’ penis, really. The person it’s attached to has a lot to do with how much I’m going to enjoy the dick, you know? So in my opinion, a good dick pic includes context. I want to see a little bit of the rest of your body. Just be careful if you shoot the pic from below, so I can see your face. If you do it poorly, it can end up looking like Cockzilla is about to attack your head.” —Rachel, 24 
30. “I’m looking for an accurate photo that shows true size and girth. A little lower ab muscle is always fun. If we know each other well, throw in some post-self-love fun—because everyone loves a good cum shot.” —Waameeka, 27 
31. “I personally hate when guys yank down their pants. Like, I see your dick and then your pants are crumpled around your feet like you’re about to go to the bathroom. A guy once sent me a dick pic like that from his work bathroom and all I could think about was that he was about to take a giant dump.”—Alice*, 29
32. "A good dick pic showcases a dick's best attributes. From a technical standpoint, the pic should be well-lit, with your dick easily seen. Not too far away, but not too zoomed in. If you have any unique features such as a noticeable vein, lean into that in your photo. Bonus points if you take the shot on something like iOS portrait mode or adjust the focal point (to your dick, duh).”—Miss Bijoux, 33
33. “Once I got one and there was literally dried cum on his sweatpants. Ew. Basic hygiene is the bare minimum.”—Faith*, 25
34. “It’s good to ask yourself: What purpose is this dick pic serving? Cause if you want to look hot/turn someone on, then you want more in the pic than just your dick. If you want someone to appraise your dick or really get a good sense of it, then maybe a full on dick-only pic is the right way to go. If your goal is for the viewer to be like ‘damn, that’s hot,’ think about what poses/angles make you feel confident, sexy, and authentic and start there!”—Ms. Vitamin D, 39
35. “Controversial take, but I actually like goofy dick pics! It’s hard for me to take them seriously to begin with. Once someone sent me one with a smiley face sticker on the head of his penis and I laughed my ass off.”—Heather*, 28
*Name has been changed. 
Behold: The Best Clit Suckers on the Market Rn
Meet: Our Favorite Vibrators Ever (No, Really)
Found: The Sexting Inspo You Were Missing
205 Truth or Dare Questions to Play With Your SO
40 Lesbian Sex Positions for Max Pleasure
A Complete Beginner’s Guide to Scissoring
Behold: 125 Sweet Nicknames to Call Your Boyfriend
35 Horny Sex Scenes to Watch on Netflix Tonight
22 Beginner-Friendly BDSM Toys 
These Audio Porn Options Will Make You Sweat
Ready to Buy Your First Vibe? Here's What We Rec
The Best App-Controlled Vibes for Your LDR
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.