Also this week: Tunespotter acquires What-song.com, Warner Music Brazil partners with Sua Música Group and more.

													By
												

	Chris Eggertsen


South Korea-based music distributor YG PLUS, a subsidiary of K-pop powerhouse YG Entertainment (BLACKPINK, BabyMonster), signed a licensing deal with African streaming and download service Boomplay that will bring YG’s catalog to the platform. According to a press release, Boomplay boasts 70 million users. “We look forward to a successful partnership with YG PLUS that will bring their catalogue to new listeners and help connect their artists with music lovers and fans in the African region,” said Boomplay in a statement.

Hitmaker Distribution struck a joint venture with indie label Blac Noize! Recordings, in which Hitmaker founder/CEO Tony Bucher is a partner. The pact includes distribution and additional resources. Blac Noize’s past releases include HitKidd singles like “F.N.F. (Let’s Go)” with GloRilla and “Shabooya” featuring Aleza, Gloss Up, Slimeroni and K Carbon; and “GOODMORNINGTOKYO!” by Tokyo’s Revenge.




			Trending on Billboard		






Tunespotter, an audio-visual clip database that allows users to search, listen to and view “synch moments” from movies, TV shows, trailers, games and commercials, acquired What-song.com. The deal effectively combines “the data and search power of two leading music search platforms – letting users see, hear, and learn more about sought-after TV or movie moments in a single, easy-to-use place,” according to a press release. “The database we’ve established gives Tunespotter an immediate aggregator and audience,” said What-song.com founder Tom Andrew. “Their ability to empower the user journey with their incredible visual tool chest and social app capabilities extends our reach and consolidates our strengths, positively impacting consumers with more rewarding, long form engagement.” Added Tunespotter CEO Joel Klaiman, “Tunespotter will hold a unique space in the market as the only audio and video database powering sync search and discovery for films, TV, commercials, gaming, and more. By acquiring What-song.com, one of the world’s leading resources for identification of songs from movies and shows, we’ve created an immediate funnel for licensed content, enhancing the journey our users will take for a more satisfying discovery experience.” Tunespotter claims that What-song.com attracts more than 1 million unique users per month.

Warner Music Brazil invested in and partnered with Sua Música Group, which owns the Sua Música Brazilian music platform and distributor Sua Música Digital. Through the deal, the companies will team up to develop regional artists and songwriters. According to a press release, Sua Música Digital manages the digital careers of and handles royalty management for more than 1,000 artists across Brazil, including Tarcísio do Acordeon, Vitor Fernandes and Thiago Aquino. “The combination of Sua Música’s significant presence in regional music with our national reach and global network will amplify the efforts of both companies and offer artists new creative and commercial possibilities and opportunities,” said Warner Music Brazil president Leila Oliveira in a statement.

	Private equity company Goldman Sachs Alternatives acquired a majority stake in live experiences company TAIT from Providence Equity Partners, subject to regulatory approvals. No financial details were disclosed. “Goldman Sachs’ network and expertise will enable us to grow our global footprint and offerings, empowering the company to better serve clients, drive innovation, and pioneer new technology,” said TAIT CEO Adam Davis in a statement announcing the deal. TAIT has worked with artists and brands including Taylor Swift, Cirque Du Soleil, Beyoncé, Royal Opera House, Nike, Google and The Olympics.

	Downtown-owned business-to-business distributor FUGA announced partnerships with three U.K. music companies: One House, drum and bass label Critical Music and Berry’s Room, an imprint of British-Nigerian Afrobeats artist Maleek Berry. One House (Eliza Rose, Pretty Girl) will take advantage of FUGA’s global distribution and marketing services, including physical distribution, synch, YouTube channel management and access to FUGA’s trends and analytics platform. Critical Music (QZB, Mefjus, Waeys, Ivy Lab) will use FUGA’s global distribution and marketing services to support its current and future releases. And Berry’s Room will utilize FUGA’s distribution, marketing and YouTube channel management services for Berry’s catalog and the release of his upcoming debut album; FUGA will als help the imprint support other Afrobeats artists.

Shamrock Capital‘s Content Strategy division acquired a film, TV and music portfolio from Vine Alternative Investments. The portfolio boasts an ownership interest in more than 450 songs, according to a press release. Shamrock would not confirm which songs were included in the deal.

	Producer and creative executive RedOne’s 2101 Records imprint signed a distribution deal with Vydia, a distribution service under the gamma. umbrella. Vydia will support 2101’s roster and manage the rights and distribution of RedOne’s back catalog.

	Independent dance music label Armada Music partnered with electronic music duo Deep Dish in a deal that will see Armada managing part of Deep Dish’s music catalog — namely, the duo’s 2005 album George Is On. Through the deal, the album returned to DSPs and download portals worldwide on Friday (July 19) for the first time in several years.

	Global growth firm Triple G Ventures, led by CEO Gregg Stein, announced a partnership with Revelator, which provides digital IP infrastructure to independent music businesses. Through the deal, Triple G will help to enhance Revelator’s market presence, drive growth and increase awareness of Revelator’s end-to-end digital rights and royalty management solutions. Stein will also now serve as Revelator’s new chief marketing officer.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.