Manage your account
With President Joe Biden now out of the 2024 presidential election, the spotlight is now on Vice President Kamala Harris.
Harris' campaign has seen a wave of support pour in since Biden announced he would not seek re-election on Sunday. From celebrities like Beyoncé to Mark Hamill to Demi Lovato to George Clooney, many are showing their outright support for the expected Democratic nominee. Along with celebrities, members of historically Black fraternities and sororities, known as the Divine Nine, are showing support through donations and campaigns for Harris.
Here is what to know about the prestigious organizations.
While Harris' success so far in campaign fund raising cannot entirely be attributed to Black fraternity and sorority members, they contributed in a major way. More than 44,000 people joined a Sunday Dec. 21 video call hosted by a group called Win With Black Women, which lasted well past midnight and, according to the organizers, netted more than $1.5 million for the Harris campaign.
Harris joined Alpha Kappa Alpha in the 1980s when she attended Howard University, and their mutual support has continued ever since. Harris' AKA sisters have long rallied around her, once referred to by the New York Times as her "secret weapon."
According to the sorority's website, the AKAs boast more than 360,000 college-educated women in chapters located in 12 countries. AKA contributed more than $200,000 to the 2020 Biden-Harris campaign, with many members individually donating exactly $19.08 to honor the year the sorority was founded.
The "Divine Nine" is a nickname for the National Pan-Hellenic Council coined by Lawrence Ross, Alpha Phi Alpha member and author, in his book "The Divine Nine: The History of African American Fraternities and Sororities."
The council was founded at Howard, a historically Black university in Washington, D.C., in 1930 by Kappa Alpha Psi, Alpha Kappa Alpha, Omega Psi Phi, Delta Sigma Theta and Zeta Phi Beta from "a need for mutual support," Ross said.
Alpha Kappa Alpha: founded in 1908 at Howard University
Alpha Phi Alpha: founded in 1906 at Cornell University
Delta Sigma Theta: founded in 1913 at Howard University
Iota Phi Theta: founded in 1963 at Morgan State College, now Morgan State University
Kappa Alpha Psi: founded in 1911 at Indiana University Bloomington
Omega Psi Phi: founded in 1911 at Howard University
Phi Beta Sigma: founded in 1914 at Howard University
Sigma Gamma Rho: 1922 at Butler University
Zeta Phi Beta: 1920 at Howard University
Alpha Kappa Alpha, the first Black sorority, was founded by Ethel Hedgemon Lyle and eight other women. Since its start, it has grown to now have 1,074 chapters in the United States and in 11 other countries.
Along with Harris, there are a number of other women who have joined the organization and made a name for themselves within the 116 years it's been around. Other members include:
Maya Angelou, poet and civil rights activist
Coretta Scott King, author, activist and wife of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.
Rosa Parks, civil rights activist
Ella Fitzgerald, jazz singer
Ava DuVerney, Emmy-award filmmaker
Alicia Keys, Grammy Award-winning singer and songwriter
Phylicia Rashad, Emmy nominated actress
Jada Pinkett Smith, actress and talk show host
Wanda Sykes, actress and comedian
When looking at major universities in Tennessee, a number of them have multiple chapters from the Divine Nine. There are 55 four-year colleges and universities in Tennessee. This list focuses on universities and HBCUs in Tennessee that have sororities and fraternities from the National Pan-Hellenic Council.
Universities with National Pan-Hellenic Council chapters in Tennessee include:
Austin Peay State University
Belmont University, Bethel University
Christian Brothers University
Cumberland University
East Tennessee State University
Fisk University
Lane College
LeMoyne-Owen College
MeHarry Medical College
Middle Tennessee State University
Tennessee State University
Tennessee Technical University
University of Tennessee at Chattanooga
University of Tennessee at Knoxville
University of Memphis
Vanderbilt University
LeMoyne-Owen College in Memphis and the University of Memphis are the only two schools that have a chapter from each of the Divine Nine. Austin Peay State University, Fisk University, Tennessee State University and Vanderbilt University all have eight.
When looking at major universities and HBCUs, there are 109 total chapters in the Volunteer State.
Alpha Phi Alpha, Delta Sigma Theta, Omega Psi Phi, Phi Beta Sigma and Zeta Beta Phi all have 14 chapters across the state. Alpha Kappa Alpha and Kappa Alpha Psi both have 13 chapters. Sigma Gamma Rho has 10 chapters, and Iota Psi Theta is the smallest with only three chapters among major universities in Tennessee.
In addition to fraternity and sorority chapters at the university level, the Divine Nine has a large presence in their graduate chapters throughout the state. Graduate chapters of sororities and fraternities are made up of alumnae. These chapters have members for life and span generations of men and women.
Major cities often have multiple graduate chapters of the same fraternity or sorority. Looking at Harris' sorority, Alpha Kappa Alpha, there are 33 in Tennessee. Nashville has six chapters, Memphis has four chapters and Knoxville has three.
There are seven HBCUs in Tennessee. Alabama leads the nation with 14 followed by North Carolina with 10 and Georgia with 9.
American Baptist College
Fisk University
Knoxville College
Lane College
LeMoyne-Owen College
Meharry Medical College
Tennessee State University
USA TODAY contributed to this report.
This article originally appeared on Memphis Commercial Appeal: Kamala Harris draws AKA, Divine 9 support: What to know in Tennessee