Manage your account
"Believe you me, it was the shock of my life," Crews tells PEOPLE of Noah calling him out at the 2024 Grammys
Frazer Harrison/Getty Images; Rodin Eckenroth/Getty Images; Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic
Terry Crews didn't have a problem with that Trevor Noah joke at the 2024 Grammys Awards.
On Sunday, the Grammys cameras panned to former football player Crews, 55, after host Noah, 39, made a joke about the attention Travis Kelce's girlfriend Taylor Swift, 34, gets at NFL games.
Noah said at the ceremony, "I'm gonna get revenge. Every time someone says Taylor Swift. I'm going to cut the cameras to someone who plays football," before cutting to Crews.
While speaking exclusively to PEOPLE on Thursday at the Formula 1 team x Visa Cash App RB party in Las Vegas, Crews says that despite the initial surprise, he didn't mind being put "on blast" by Noah at all.
Chelsea Lauren/Shutterstock
Related: Terry Crews' 5 Kids: Meet Naomi, Azriél, Tera, Wynfrey and Isaiah
"Believe you me, it was the shock of my life. First of all, you don't want to mess up. I don't want to spill a drink on Beyoncé... I'm like don't step on Babyface's toes, please!" the actor says of attending the Grammys on Sunday.
Frazer Harrison/Getty Images; Rodin Eckenroth/Getty Images; Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic
"All I want to do is just enjoy the show and not mess up. Then Trevor puts me on blast in front of billions of people, but it was an honor," he adds while speaking at the event in Las Vegas.
Crews and Swift left the joke at that and didn't discuss it afterward.
CBS
"Not at all," Crews tells PEOPLE of whether he'd spoken to Swift. "I left it alone."
Crews was a huge fan of Noah as the Grammys host and thinks we could even see him hosting the Oscars in the near future.
"Trevor didn't insult anybody, he was the perfect host. I see him hosting the Oscars really soon. I think that that's the next step for him 'cause he is killing it as a Grammys host," Crews says. "He's amazing!"
Related: Taylor Swift Reveals She Wasn't Planning to Announce New 'The Tortured Poets Department' Album at Grammys
The Brooklyn Nine-Nine star praised performances from musicians including Tracy Chapman, Billy Joel and Annie Lennox at the ceremony.
"It was insane! Probably the best show I've been to in 10 years," he says.
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
Swift was among the late arrivals at Sunday's Grammys. Noah asked the crowd, "Are you seeing what's happening right now as Taylor Swift moves through the room?"
"The local economy around those tables improves. Can you see you get this magic right now? Look at this magic. Lionel Richie, now Lionel Wealthy. Look at that," he joked.
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.