Miranda Lambert is a longtime fan of Beyonce and believes it makes sense that her fellow Texan wanted go cowboy.
The "Wranglers" singer is not afraid of pop crossovers. In fact, when the effort is authentic, Lambert says she finds the results inspiring.
Related: Miranda Lambert Reveals Why Texting Morgan Wallen Is Difficult
"I want artists to be themselves," Lambert says. "Like, whatever's authentic to you and whatever you're doing right now, if you're living in your authenticity ... you have to appreciate that about an artist."
Lambert has seen Beyonce perform five times, going back to her days with Destiny's Child. She's also met the pop and hip-hop superstar on a couple of occasions and says she found her to be very cordial and kind. Cowboy Carter has the potential to change the genre, she says, and that's not a bad thing.
"Just like Post Malone coming to Nashville and immersing himself in our community that we love so much," she continues. "It makes me happy, and I think that's exactly the right way to do it, and I appreciate it."
Carrie Underwood offered similar thoughts on artists "going country," telling Yahoo Entertainment that, “I love that people like Post Malone and Beyoncé and Jelly Roll, and people like that, are artists first and foremost. They kind of weave in and out of different genres of music, and I think that's really cool.”
The country embrace of artists previously known for pop, rock and hip-hop isn't universal (fans are passionately split), but it's difficult to deny their mass appeal. Cowboy Carter and Post Malone's F-1 Trillion album both debuted at No. 1, and both Beyonce and Post Malone (plus Jelly Roll, who came from rock and hip-hop) have scored hits on country radio.
It has left some traditional artists questioning what "country" means in 2024. Gretchen Wilson admitted she long felt country music was too willing to embrace out-of-genre artists, but now recognizes how having something for everyone is good for fans and the format. Authenticity and sincerity seem to be key.
The full unedited interview with Lambert can be found in the Taste of Country Nights: On Demand podcast. The interview also reveals Lambert's thoughts on her own authenticity, driving with husband Brendan McLoughlin and trying to text Morgan Wallen.
Two of those three things are very, very difficult.
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes