Not every celebrity couple dreams of magazine covers and big wedding dress reveals. In fact, for many, keeping their wedding a secret is the ultimate goal. The latest to do so? Olivia Munn and John Mulaney, who recently got married in a small ceremony in upstate New York, according to People.
Munn and Mulaney are in good company. In December 2023, Greta Gerwig and Noah Baumbach announced they had tied the knot at City Hall in New York, hot on the heels of a very busy year for the Barbie co-writers. And during the pandemic, when small-scale weddings were the safest option, David Harbour and Lily Allen eloped in Las Vegas and held their reception at an In-N-Out. Emma Stone and Dave McCary, meanwhile, secretly married in September 2020.
Some other stars who have pulled off the near-impossible feat of getting hitched out of the public eye? Amy Schumer, Beyoncé, and Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds—just to name a few.
Here, a look at 28 celebrity weddings we still know little about.
In December 2023, a representative for Noah Baumbach and Greta Gerwig confirmed they had married at City Hall.
Emma Stone married comedian Dave McCary in 2020 in a secret lockdown ceremony, and only revealed details about the wedding after having re-worn her Louis Vuitton wedding dress to the 2022 Met Gala. “The week that I got married, I did open a refrigerator and the handle broke off and I got a black eye,” she told the podcast SmartLess in December 2023. “I need a helmet and extensive therapy.”
For her wedding to Strange Things actor David Harbour, the British musician eloped to Vegas, later revealing her Chanel wedding dress—and her meal for the big day, an In-N-Out burger—via Instagram.
Michelle Williams quietly wed singer-songwriter Phil Elverum in a private ceremony in upstate New York. The couple split up in 2019, and in 2020 Williams had another secret ceremony with theater director Thomas Kail.
After getting engaged in June 2017, Aidy Bryant and Conner O’Malley married several months later at New York City’s Wythe Hotel. They confirmed the news on Instagram a few days later.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty