North Carolina Lt. Governor Mark Robinson has a penchant for popping off on social media. But his longstanding (and one-sided) social media beef with Beyoncé seems to have gone a little too far now—even for him.
During a series of rants spanning multiple years, Robinson —who is Black —insulted Beyoncé’s singing abilities, called her a “skank,” and said she was teaching “young women how to be hyper-sexual whores.”
Robinson’s posts about the Cowboy Carter singer and other similarly inexplicable rants began to slowly resurface after he launched his campaign for Governor of North Carolina. And now that he’s won the Republican nomination — it seems even more worthwhile to look inside the mind of the man who could soon be governor of the Old North State.
For example, in a 2017 Facebook post, Robinson wrote, “Person; Beyoncé is a role model!” Me; “The only person that butt shakin’, devil worshipping, skank is a role model to is people who want a fast track to Hell.”
Then in a more recent 2019 post, Robinson said that her music sounded like “Satanic Chants.” 
Robinson also had smoke for her husband, rap mogul, Jay-Z.
“Jay-Z teaches our young men how to be foul mouthed thugs and his wife teaches our young women to be hyper-sexual whores... I guess y’all are okay with that and so is Hilary Clinton,” wrote Robinson in 2016. 
The North Carolina Lt. Gov. is no stranger to picking fights on the internet. (Note: his on-going beef with the Civil Rights Movement and Africans writ-large). But it all seems to fit with his habit of politically pandering to people’s inner racism.
Earlier this month, Robinson won the Republican primary race for Governor shortly after receiving an endorsement from former President Donald Trump. Robinson is facing Democratic Attorney General Josh Stein in the general election in November. 
Last year, Stein was endorsed by the current Governor, Roy Cooper, who is also a Democrat. (In North Carolina the Lt. Gov and Governor are elected separately). Stein is slightly ahead in recent polling, but the race is still incredibly close — meaning Robinson could bring his feud with the music icon to the Governor’s mansion.