Jordan Chiles is a decorated gymnast who dominated during the Paris 2024 Olympics as a member of the gold medal-winning team. Chiles loves listening to Beyoncé, Megan Thee Stallion, and SZA to get in the zone. In fact, her floor routine at the Paris 2024 Olympics was inspired by Beyoncé. After competing in the summer games, Chiles has been showcasing her skills in the Gold Over America Tour. Now she is back at UCLA and hopes to help her team win at the 2025 NCAA Women's Gymnastics Championships, as well as the individual event championships.  
As an athlete, Chiles knows the importance of self-care and prioritizes her mental and emotional health on par with her physical health. "Self-care is something that I had to learn as I was getting older. I never knew how to really take care of myself," Chiles says, noting that she often makes sure everyone else is OK before checking in on herself. Her favorite way to practice self-care is to take naps and rest. A 30-minute to one-hour nap helps her feel rejuvenated.  
Beyond dominating in gymnastics, Chiles likes to explore her creativity through fashion. "My mom was a sneakerhead, so that's where it started," she says, noting that her favorite sneaker in her collection is her Swarovski Nike Dunks. "I've been on this skirt wave with the bow in the hair. It's giving very demure, very cutesy and coquette," she says. Other fashion trends she's into are oversize pieces and cutout detailing. Chiles is also an avid beauty enthusiast, and she's currently loving an ombré brown lip with a darker lip liner and a lighter nude center.  
Ahead, Chiles shares her favorite products, including go-to beauty picks and a dependable carry-on.  
Chiles loves using the Vaseline Pro VitaB3 Serum Burst Lotion ($6, originally $8), noting that it has 10 times more antioxidants than vitamin C. "As a gymnast, we don't want anything greasy, so having a light lotion that smells good and has a glamorous glow when you put it on is just amazing," she says. The lightweight lotion also contains niacinamide, hyaluronic acid, lipids, and peptides for deep hydration and locking in moisture. She keeps a tube of this in her bag so she can reapply whenever she needs it.
"I love the Fenty Skin Hydra Vizor Invisible Moisturizer Broad Spectrum SPF 30 Sunscreen ($40)," Chiles says. It is a chemical-based sunscreen that's hydrating and lightweight with an oil-free formula. It also contains antioxidants, niacinamide, and hyaluronic acid. The Hydra Vizor SPF has a fresh desert melon scent. "It gives my skin a nice glowy look and smells good," she adds.
Chiles likes to fuel her mornings with Bubbl'r Twisted Elix'r Antioxidant Sparkling Water ($8). It has around 69 milligrams of natural caffeine for a quick energy boost. This sparkling water is made with natural flavors and zero added sugar, and contains vitamins A, B6, B12, and niacin.
"Since I have a lot of tattoos, I use the Vaseline Healing Jelly Body Balm Stick ($7) to make sure I hydrate them at night. I even put it on my lips too," Chiles says. It offers the same dry skin and healing relief as the traditional petroleum jelly products, but rather than a tub, it's a mess-proof portable stick. She also sleeps with a Silk Hair Goals by Jazmin Dominique Bonnet and Pillowcase.
"I'm a [Louis Vuitton] Neverfull type of girl," Chiles says, but she also travels with her Béis The Carry-On Roller ($238). Our editors love the organizational features like the additional storage bags, sleeve pockets, and compression straps. You can read more in our Béis Carry-On review. Chiles also travels with her Apple ProMax headphones, Hot Fries, Sour Patch Watermelon, and Olly Immunity Sleep travel pack.
Anvita Reddy is an assistant editor for PS Shopping. She has a passion for products and is an avid reviewer of everything including furniture, mattresses, home gadgets, cookware, tech, and more. Having dealt with acne as a teenager and into adulthood, her expertise lies in beauty. She has tried and tested plenty of skin care, makeup, hair care, and countless other beauty products.