Beyonce' accepts the Innovator Award at the iHeartRadio Music Awards, Monday, April 1, 2024, at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello)Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP
One of pop music’s biggest superstars, Beyoncé Knowles Carter, did not receive nominations from the Country Music Association’s CMA Awards for her most recent album, “Cowboy Carter.”
The nominations for the CMA Awards were released Monday morning. Fans immediately noticed that the Grammy Award-winning singer was not nominated for any awards, but particularly for the category of “album of the year” for “Cowboy Carter,” which would have made her the first Black woman to receive the nod. 
According to organizers, awards and nominations are “voted on by members of the Country Music Association – meaning Awards nominees and winners are honored by their peers in the music industry. Members of the CMA are music executives, artists, publicists, songwriters, musicians, touring personnel and other industry professionals from all around the world.”
The CMAs are considered to be country music’s biggest night, and Beyoncé‘s album was full of country music legends including Dolly Parton, Willie Nelson, and Linda Martell, as well as pop stars Miley Cyrus and Post Malone. She also incorporated other country artists such as Tanner Adell, Tiera Kennedy, Reyna Roberts, Brittney Spencer and Willie Jones.
"Act II: Cowboy Carter," Beyonce's hotly awaited country album, came out in March. (Courtesy Parkwood Entertainment/Columbia Records)Parkwood Entertainment/Columbia Records
The singer’s eighth studio album, “Cowboy Carter” was widely considered to be a groundbreaking album for various elements of country music heard through all 27 tracks.
According to Spotify, the album became one of the most-streamed albums in a single day in 2024, the biggest debut of the year for a country album, and the biggest debut ever for any album by a Black woman, with over 76 million streams globally in its first day. Billboard also listed Beyoncé in the top 18 on the charts the week of “Cowboy Carter’s” release, along with the Artist 100, Hot 100 Songwriters and Hot 100 Producers.
Despite Beyoncé not receiving nominations, country rapper singer Shaboozey, who was featured on “Cowboy Carter,” received two nominations for “New Artist of the Year” and “Single of the Year.”
On Monday morning, he made a post on X saying, “That goes without saying. Thank you @Beyonce for opening a door for us, starting a conversation, and giving us one of the most innovative country albums of all time!”
That goes without saying. Thank you @Beyonce for opening a door for us, starting a conversation, and giving us one of the most innovative country albums of all time!
Before “Cowboy Carter” was released, Beyoncé made a post to Instagram explaining that the album had been five years in the making, and was birthed from an experience that she had years ago where she didn’t feel welcomed. Fans speculate that this came from her performance of “Daddy Lessons” at the Country Music Awards in 2016 with the Dixie Chicks.
A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce)
2024′s CMA Awards event will air live from Nashville’s Bridgestone Arena on Nov. 20, 2024.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices