"ALL LOVE [...] All of the Chilren."

							By 

	Mya Abraham

R&B Reporter

	During Beyoncé‘s Renaissance World Tour, she reunited with the other four members of Destiny’s Child — LeToya Luckett, Michelle Williams, LaTavia Roberson, and Kelly Rowland. The women were seen embracing in Renaissance: A Film By Beyoncé, and they all attended the premiere of the film in Los Angeles. 

	Finally, on Wednesday (Jan. 3), Luckett shared the official group photo that fans have been waiting for.

	As the five women posed in a loving albeit silly way, the “Torn” singer captioned the image, “ALL LOVE. This was hands down my favorite moment of 2023. The Love; The joy; The Prayer; The Healing. May we all experience beautiful moments like this in 2024. @beyonce@kellyrowland@iamlatavia@michellewilliams. All of the Chilren.”

	









A post shared by LeToya Luckett (@letoyaluckett)

	Fellow celebs were overjoyed at the image. Bun B commented, “To see yall together that night was the biggest ever.” Deborah Cox chimed in, “‘The chillren'[laughing emoji] love it. This pic is EPIC.” 

	Meanwhile, fans are preparing their coins for a reunion tour that may never come. After four of the five members appeared on the Terrell Show late last year and the group’s self-titled debut album turned 25, rumors about a potential reunion tour or album began to surface. However, Rowland shut down the hearsay in October. 

	She told The Messenger that her head and heart were focused on her solo projects. “[With] Bey wrapping up Renaissance and getting ready for her movie, Michelle in the thick of her solo projects that she’s doing, and me in my solo space and all the things that I’m doing, that’s where my head is,” she explained. “There’s so much energy around DC right now […] with all due respect to Destiny’s Child. And should there be a space for that, we’ll see what happens. But as for right now, I’m so excited as to what I’m doing.”

	Fans have noted that the original quartet’s magnum opus, The Writing’s On The Wall, turns 25 this July and the final trio’s magnum opus, Destiny Fulfilled, turns 20 this November, so at least there’s another Destiny’s Child celebration is on the horizon. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.