e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

Please submit obituaries to obits@allaroundphilly.com and attach the name of the person paying for the obituary, his or her home address and a phone number. The obits team will call you with a price once it has been entered into the system. The deadline is Tuesday by Noon for that week’s paper. If you have general questions call 610-235-2687.

e-Edition
You know when grown men are booking opening night seats to view the film “Gladiator II,” appearing in theaters on November 22, that something cinematically seismic is happening.
Have you seen the trailers yet? Have you noticed the internal reception Pepsi ad during NFL broadcasts?
After Ridley Scott’s release of the Russell Crowe Gladiator in 2000, Pepsi’s “We Will Rock You” featured Queen, P!nk, Britney Spears, and Beyoncé in a harrowing and lady muscular Gladiatrix pitch in 2004.
Now, fans can peer into a can of Pepsi and experience an all-enveloping miniaturized Colosseum, the greatest temple Rome ever built, sucking us into a deafening contest between NFL celebs and fierce wild animals in a kick-ass performance of collaboration and Philly specials.
Let’s take a read in the New York Post by Johnny Oleksinski, published Nov. 11, 2024, 4:18 p.m. ET.
“Ridley Scott has probably been feeling a lot like a gladiator lately, fending off menacing movie critics from his high-profile duds.
“The director’s wretched ‘House of Gucci’ was devoured by lions; the gauche ‘Napoleon’ decapitated. And ‘The Last Duel’ hemorrhaged gallons of blood (and millions of dollars).
“But he’s finally notched a win with ‘Gladiator II,’ the enjoyable follow-up to his Best Picture Oscar winner from 2000 that’s not so much long-awaited as it is suddenly here.
“Honestly – who ever thought there’d be another ‘Gladiator’?
“Is it an essential continuation of the story of Russell Crowe’s fallen fighter Maximus? Eh, not really. A likable diversion, the film is not as epic or weighty as its acclaimed predecessor.
“And the notion of ‘II’ going on to match its win for the top Oscar in March is as ludicrous as sharks swimming around in the Colosseum. (That actually happens.)
“However, there is nothing wrong with a grunting, violent, ancient Roman holiday, especially when it boasts a supporting performance as delicious as Denzel Washington’s Machiavellian Macrinus.
“Crowe’s sword-wielding successor is Paul Mescal, a sensitive soul concealed inside a gruff shell, who plays coy Lucius.
“He’s a soldier in a North African land that’s sacked and conquered by the forces of Roman general Marcus Acacius (Pedro Pascal). Lucius’ wife is killed, and the widower is captured and shipped off to the City of Aqueducts.
“There’s something odd about Lucius, though. He doesn’t look like anybody else in his coastal enclave – more cabbage than tagine. And he recites poetry from memory, a hobby befitting an actor who came to prominence in the literary romantic drama ‘Normal People.’
“As the film progresses, his mystery unravels. Although, Agatha Christie this is not.
“Once in the birthplace of cacio e pepe, Lucius is sold to Macrinus (Washington), a conniving former slave with a whiff of Eve Harrington about him.
“Mac sucks up to brother emperors Geta and Caracalla (Joseph Quinn and Fred Hechinger, respectively) and backstabs pretty much anybody in a toga in pursuit of ultimate power.
“Lucius, meanwhile, fast turns into the most feared fighter in all of Rome.
“Mescal isn’t the rousing force that Crowe was, but his often-silent character isn’t written to be. He’s contemplative and open-hearted as he attempts to run from his murky past – until he chops your arm off.
“Lucilla, Maximus’ girl from the first film and the daughter of Emperor Marcus Aurelius, is still around, too – sipping wine in the garden and committing high treason.
“Connie Nielsen returns to play the prim part in a grand manner that was in vogue during the emotionally lush aughts. Now, though, she’s a bit out of step with the Mandalorian and a stern-browed millennial who stars in thoughtful indies.
“Lucilla and Acacius plot in the shadows to oust the emperors, who are mad mini Caligulas minus the orgies, and to reinstate the Aurelius line. You don’t have to be an oracle to know Lucius is vital to that political effort.
“In the 24 years since the first film, the mix of drama and brutality has become commonplace. ‘Game of Thrones’ was eight years of it, and with cinematic production values.
“So, Scott sets his sequel apart by piling on theatricality. For instance, one ‘sea’ battle features two ships in a makeshift pool in the Colosseum. There are historical accounts of Romans putting on such a logistically challenging show.
“In another scene, Mescal goes head-to-head with a killer monkey.
“Gladiator II doesn’t aspire to be much more than an entertaining historical action movie, but that simplicity is the root of its appeal.
“Scott’s film makes for easy watching, and it’s enhanced by a few better-than-necessary performances. Washington’s most of all.
“You have to go back a long way to find the ‘Fences’ actor taking such delight in a role. His Macrinus is sleazy and seductive, angelic then unhinged.
“The actor, clearly loving every second, delivers his lines in a strange singsong cadence that makes you laugh and draws you in.
“Here, Washington exemplifies ‘leave them wanting more.’
“The title may be ‘Gladiator II,’ but that’s only because audiences haven’t met ‘Macrinus’ yet.”
“Gladiator” is a 2000 historical epic film directed by Scott and written by David Franzoni, John Logan, and William Nicholson from a story by Franzoni.
It stars Russell Crowe, Joaquin Phoenix, Connie Nielsen, Oliver Reed, Derek Jacobi, Djimon Hounsou and Richard Harris.
The screenplay, initially written by Franzoni, was inspired by the 1958 Daniel P. Mannix novel Those About to Die. The script was acquired by DreamWorks Pictures, and Scott signed on to direct the film.
Principal photography began in January 1999 and wrapped in May of that year. Production was complicated by the script being rewritten multiple times and by the death of Oliver Reed before production was finished.
“Gladiator” was released in the United States on May 5, 2000 by DreamWorks Pictures and internationally on May 12, 2000 by Universal Pictures, grossed $465.4 million worldwide, becoming the second highest-grossing film of 2000.
Critics praised the acting, directing, cinematography, production design, and musical score. The film won five Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Best Actor for Crowe.
It will be up to us whether this sequel of Ridley Scott pales or shines in comparison to the 2000 story of Maximus Decimus Meridius. What does Gladiator II have in store for us?
Mary Brown, who has taught at Harriton High School and Lower Merion High School, teaches Latin at Saint Joseph’s University and serves as Executive Director of the Classical Association of the Atlantic States and President of the Philadelphia Classical Society.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group