by Alex Billington December 18, 2024Source: YouTube
"I don't want to change anything because it got me here." Greenwich Entertainment has revealed an official trailer for a biopic documentary film titled Diane Warren: Relentless, telling the story of music iconic Diane Warren. If you cover awards news in Hollywood (or in music) you definitely know who she is – Diane Warren has received 15 Academy Award nominations for Best Song (though still without a win); she also received an honorary Oscar at the Governors Awards in November 2022. Diane Warren: Relentless is a music doc that reveals the unique genius of a woman who has shaped an entire generation of music. Having written over 400 songs for iconic artists such as Beyoncé, Taylor Swift, Celine Dione, Lady Gaga, Whitney Houston, Britney Spears, and Aerosmith, Diane Warren resides in the pantheon of music greats. This is her untold story. A jukebox musical is planned to be written by Joe DiPietro and directed by Kathleen Marshall, titled Obsessed, The Story of Diane Warren...so far, but it still hasn't been produced yet. This looks like an empowering, inspiring, funny story of a woman who broke all the rules and continues to still make history.
Here's the official trailer (+ poster) for Bess Kargman's doc Diane Warren: Relentless, from YouTube:
Diane Warren, one of the most prolific songwriters of all time, with a 4-decade track record of writing mega-hits for industry giants, emerges as a force to be reckoned with in this film. Boasting 15 Academy Award nominations, an Honorary Oscar along with Grammy, Emmy, and Golden Globe Awards, Diane has etched her name on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and the Songwriters Hall of Fame and is responsible for some of the most iconic songs of our time. In this intimate documentary, filled with Diane’s signature humor, audiences get a rarely seen glimpse into Diane’s life and underdog journey to where she is today. Marked by a distinctive songwriting approach, exceptional work ethic & irreverence, the narrative delves into her most remarkable collaborations with first-hand commentary from Cher, Gloria Estefan, Common, David Foster, Jennifer Hudson, Kesha & many more to showcase the creative genius that is Diane Warren.
Diane Warren: Relentless is a doc directed by acclaimed doc filmmaker Bess Kargman, director of the doc film First Position previously, as well as the series "Strictly Ballet" and "Defying Gravity: The Untold Story of Women's Gymnastics" and many other projects. Produced by Michele Farinola, Peggy Drexler, Bess Kargman. This first premiered at the 2024 SXSW Film Festival earlier this year. Greenwich Ent. will debut Kargman's Diane Warren: Relentless doc in select US theaters starting on January 10th, 2025 early next year - then available on Masterclass to watch on January 16th. For more info, visit the film's official site.
Find more posts in: Documentaries, To Watch, Trailer
FEATURED POSTS
FOLLOW FS HERE
Add our RSS to your Feedly +click here+
Latest posts now available on Bluesky:
Get the latest posts sent on Telegram 
Your Privacy Manager
LATEST TO WATCH
					 ▶ Thrilling Behind-the-Scenes Featurette on Making 'Andor' - Season 2 (May 3)					 ▶ Official Trailer for 'The Rhythm' Movie About a Black Hockey Players (May 2)					 ▶ Brosnan & Jackson & Lessard in Western 'The Unholy Trinity' Trailer (May 2)					 ▶ Quick Teaser Featurette for 'Bring Her Back' Philippous' New Horror (May 2)					 ▶ Hulu's Spunky Sex Comedy 'Summer of 69' Trailer with Chloe Fineman (May 2)
Want emails instead?Subscribe to our dailynewsletter updates:
© 2006-2025 First Showing® LLC. All rights reserved.   Privacy Policy   |   Copyright Policy   |   Data Policy ➚   |   Members ➚