Capital XTRA




                
                    Manny Norte
                
                

7pm - 11pm


4 Life

                        

    
    Kidi
    

                    

Download '4 Life' on iTunes



                        
                            News
                            



22 May 2024, 15:40

        
            By Anna Suffolk
        
    
The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill was named Number 1 in Apple Music's top 100 albums of all time, and fans have reacted to the winner as well as the full list. 
Apple Music has divided fans after compiling a top 100 albums of all time list this month, and has crowned The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill as No. 1.
The list has been going viral across the internet as fans were left divided over the rankings, especially in the Top 10, which includes artists like Beyonce, Michael Jackson, Kendrick Lamar and Prince. 
So, what has social media been reacting like upon the winner being announced and what are the Top 10 Albums? Keep on reading to find out everything you need to know. 
Here are the Apple Music Album Rankings from 1 to 10, and you can find the full list via this link. 
We have compiled a few of our favourite reactions to the news of the top 100 album rankings. 
The albums were chosen by Apple Music’s team of experts alongside a select group of artists, songwriters, producers, and industry professionals. 
"The list is an editorial statement, fully independent of any streaming numbers on Apple Music — a love letter to the records that have shaped the world music lovers live and listen in."
Beyoncé is the only female artist to place two albums on Apple Music’s definitive list of the 100 greatest albums ever made.#100BestAlbums pic.twitter.com/ttww3qykOP
At least they got #1 right cuz the rest of this list is actually INSANE!! No Mariah. No Whitney. Are y’all mad?! 😩 #100BestAlbums https://t.co/tZre5bXcst
The Top 10 of that #100BestAlbums list Black af. What does that tell yall?! huh?!? HUH???! pic.twitter.com/egy7DYoJIU
One of the best albums of all time. Merged hip hop, soul and r&b to create a timeless classic that she still tours off today without having to drop a follow up. Changed the game and inspired countless artists after her including Adele, Kanye, etc. This is more than deserved. GOAT pic.twitter.com/eTZFpQvyvs
Y’all played in Mariah’s face. She is nowhere on this list. Kick rocks!  #100BestAlbums pic.twitter.com/MGg94pWEdG
So deserved, see what happens when you actually release music Franklin? 😭
See more Latest Music News
Tickets
Tickets
Tickets