Source: Kevin Kane / Getty
The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards (VMAs) are shaping up to be a night of potential record-breaking moments, with several artists poised to etch their names even deeper into music history. Read more about the potential record-breaking moments for the 2024 VMAs inside.
Vegas Insider collected data about the artists who are set to make history at this year’s MTV VMAs set September 11 on MTV. One of the artists who continuously breaks records is Taylor Swift, who is nominated for her music video “Fortnight.” Swift stands on the cusp of making VMAs history in several categories. If she wins Video of the Year, it will be her fifth time taking home the prestigious trophy, making her the first artist to ever achieve this feat.
 


					Related Stories
				





 

Times Were Very Different: 24 Rap Albums That Turn 20 Years Old In 2024






A victory in this category would mark the third consecutive year Swift has won, which is another unprecedented accomplishment. Swift could also tie or break Peter Gabriel’s long-standing record for the most VMAs won in a single night (10 awards). She already holds the record for the most VMAs won by a female artist in a single night after winning nine awards in 2022. Additionally, with 23 VMAs to her name, Swift could overtake Beyoncé’s record for the most VMAs ever won by a solo artist, depending on how many of her 12 nominations turn into wins.
Speaking of Beyoncé, the Queen Bey is also up for three awards this year, which means she could extend her lead as the most awarded artist in VMAs history. With 25 solo VMAs and 29 total wins (including her work with Destiny’s Child and The Carters), even a single win this year would add to her already unparalleled legacy.
Eminem, another heavyweight contender, is also in the running to break records. With eight nominations this year, he could surpass Peter Gabriel as the solo male artist with the most VMAs if he wins at least one award, bringing his total above Gabriel’s 13. Eminem is also tied with Kendrick Lamar for the most Video of the Year trophies won by a male artist. A win for his video “Houdini” would make him the first male artist to win three times in this category.
The 2024 VMAs are set to be a historic event, with the potential for these iconic artists to redefine the boundaries of success in the music industry. As we look forward to the ceremony on September 11, all eyes will be on Beyoncé, Taylor Swift, and Eminem to see if they can break new ground and further solidify their legacies in music history.
Will you be tuning in? Comment below.

Related Tags


									Let's Get It: Jeezy Announces The 'TM:101 Live' Tour, A Black Tie Symphonic Experience								

									A Soul-Infused Celebration: Charlie Wilson, Babyface, K-Ci Hailey & El DeBarge Join Forces For The 'Uncle Charlie's R&B Cookout' Tour								

									Tina Knowles Reveals Beyoncé Chose Between Jay-Z & Another Man								

									Samira Wiley Won’t Return For 'The Handmaid’s Tale' Sequel								

									Malia & Sasha Obama Step Out In Style For Destin Conrad’s Listening								

									Blue Ivy & Rumi Steal The Show At The Cowboy Carter Tour Opening Night								

									Serving Family, Faith & Fashion: Keke Palmer & Kandi Burruss Amongst Celebrities Who Celebrated Easter This Year [Gallery]								

									Beyonce nude pictures naked video sextape								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.