The singer also wore matching thigh-high boots
Since releasing Cowboy Carter back in March, Beyoncé has fully embraced (if not led) the western wear trend. She’s worn everything from bolo ties to bandana print sets, and of course, she’s shown off plenty of cowboy hats. On Friday night, she kept up her rodeo-ready streak, but this time put a refined fall spin on her look. 
As Beyoncé exited a private event in New York City, she was spotted wearing a dusty pink trench coat with fringe detailing, paired with matching thigh-high leather boots. The ensemble—from Elie Saab’s Fall/Winter ready to wear collection—fit well into her western aesthetic, as its fringe accents swung side-to-side as she walked. 
Though the combination of the outerwear and boots kept the “16 Carriages” singer covered up, she appeared to be wearing a hooded mini dress underneath. Her curly blonde hair peeked out of her outfit’s light pink hood, while she shaded her eyes from the paparazzi with a pair of embellished brown shield sunglasses. In one hand, she carried a small pink feathered purse, finishing off her elegant ensemble. 
Her husband Jay-Z accompanied her, although he brought his own aesthetic for their night out. He repped his hometown of Brooklyn with a pair of unlaced Timberland boots, keeping the rest of his outfit simple with light wash jeans and a navy sweatshirt. The rapper did add a small diamond pendant to his look, however, to better match his wife’s polished style. It seems even he knows better than to attempt outdressing Beyoncé. 
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.