CMG Records showed up to the biggest award show in country music, the 2024 CMT Music Awards.
Yo Gotti and his signee GloRilla attended the CMT Music Awards on Sunday, April 7, mixing with some of the biggest stars in country music right now. GloRilla sported a flowing white dress, while Gotti embraced the country feel with an earthy matching Amiri jacket and pants.
In a post on Instagram showing off her outfit, GloRilla wrote, "Just like da air I'm everywhere."
Yo Gotti and GloRilla weren't the only big names to attend the CMT Music Awards. They were joined by a number of high-profile collaborators from Beyoncé's country-influenced album Cowboy Carter, which currently sits at No. 1 on the Billboard 200. Reyna Roberts, Tanner Adell, Brittney Spencer, and Tiera Kennedy all made an appearance.
The two CMG Records stars showing up at the awards show comes just days after the release of GloRilla's new mixtape, Ehhthang Ehhthang. The project features an appearance from Megan Thee Stallion on the song "Wanna Be," which incorporates a sample from Soulja Boy's 2010 track "Pretty Boy Swag." Starting later this year, GloRilla will hit the road with Meg for a 31-date tour.
music | BY Trace William Cowen
GloRilla Celebrates 'Ehhthang Ehhthang' Mixtape Release With New "Wanna Be" Video f/ Megan Thee Stallion
music | BY Mark Elibert
GloRilla and JT Trade Shots Following Rumors of Beef: 'Mentioned Yo Name to Clear the Air'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Yo Gotti Has Grown His Worth to Roughly $100 Million
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.