Rain early...then remaining cloudy with showers overnight. Low around 55F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall around a quarter of an inch..
                                
Rain early...then remaining cloudy with showers overnight. Low around 55F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall around a quarter of an inch.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 3:27 pm
Vice President Kamala Harris delivers remarks at a campaign event in Pittsfield on Saturday.
PITTSFIELD — In 103 days, voters across the nation will cast their vote for their preferred presidential candidate. The stakes are high, and Vice President Kamala Harris knows it.
“Let us be clear-eyed,” Harris told a sold-out crowd at the Colonial Theatre on Saturday. "We have a fight ahead of us and we are the underdogs of this race. But this is a people-powered campaign. We have momentum."
Harris arrived for the fundraising event, her first since President Joe Biden withdrew from the race last week, just hours before would-be rivals had to declare their own candidacy with the DNC. Her bid for the nomination is already secured.
Organizers of the event said it raked in a total $1.8 million in donations and pledges for the newly renamed Harris Victory Fund.
Outside the theater, thousands of spectators lined the streets of Pittsfield in hopes of catching the vice president entering the city. But those standing in front of the theater were disappointed when the motorcade — complete with 24 vehicles and motorcycles — snuck in the back, taking Pomeroy Avenue to East Housatonic and onto Wendell Avenue.
People line up across from the Colonial Theatre with Harris signs. 
Mixed in with supporters was a large group of protestors who filled the southbound lane of South Street at one point before the fundraiser began, marching and chanting in support of Palestine.
Some supporters of former President Donald Trump lined the streets with signs and banners.
Trump supporters stand outside on South Street and chant.
Inside the theater, Harris was joined by a star-studded cast of performers, politicians and celebrities, including cellist Yo-Yo Ma, singer-songwriter James Taylor, pianist Emanuel Ax and historian Heather Cox Richardson.
Sens. Elizabeth Warren and Ed Markey, as well as Rep. Richard Neal, were also on hand at the event to give remarks, as was former Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren was one of the speakers at a fundraiser event for Vice President Kamala Harris in Pittsfield on Saturday. 
Later, outside the theater, Neal said he was pleased with Harris’ speech.
“I think that her confidence is only going to get stronger and stronger as time goes on,” Neal said. “And I think that it’s created chaos on the other side. They don’t quite know how to handle this.”
Taylor, who performed a rendition of “Here Comes the Sun” with Ma earlier in the program, welcomed Harris to the stage around 2:50 p.m.
Vice President Kamala Harris greets supporters as she arrives at Westfield-Barnes Regional Airport in Westfield on Saturday. Harris was traveling to Berkshire County to participate in a political event.
“The lucky few here at the Colonial Theatre this afternoon are among the very first to officially support this historic candidacy,” Taylor said. “May our ardent support be the wind in her sails. Our hopes go with her and she stands for us all.”
Harris took the stage to Beyoncé's “Freedom” and a standing ovation, and spoke to the assembled crowd for almost 17 minutes.
Vice President Kamala Harris delivers remarks at a campaign event in Pittsfield on Saturday.
She began her speech with praise for Biden, calling his accomplishments over the past three and a half years “unmatched in modern history.”
Harris also addressed Trump and the peculiar verbal attacks he has lobbied at her and other Democrats.
“You may have noticed Donald Trump has been resorting to some wild lies about my record and some of what he and his running mate are saying, it is just plain weird,” Harris said. “I mean, that’s the box you put that in, right?”
The vice president drew on the prosecutor-versus-felon framing she used in the video that launched her campaign.
“I’ve been dealing with people like him my entire career,” Harris said. “So in this campaign, and I say in all seriousness, I will proudly put my record against his any day.”
Harris also brought up Trump's recent decision to pull out of a planned debate hosted by ABC on Sept. 10.
"I hope he reconsiders (debating me), because we have a lot to talk about," she said.
Thousands of spectators lined the streets of Pittsfield in hopes of seeing the vice president's motorcade — complete with 24 vehicles and motorcycles.
If she is the underdog, Harris seems confident that she is an underdog who will win. And when she does, she said, she will pass legislation that buttresses reproductive freedom, enshrines voter rights and quells gun violence.
“Building up the middle class will be the defining goal of my presidency,” Harris said. “Let us make no mistake, this campaign is not just about us versus Donald Trump. Our campaign has always been about two very different visions for our nation.”
Vice President Kamala Harris left Pittsfield after the fundraiser just before 4 p.m. Saturday.
Photos: Scenes from downtown Pittsfield as city waits for Vice President Kamala Harris
Claire O'Callahan reports on housing in Berkshire County. She can be reached at cocallahan@berkshireeagle.com.

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Get the latest headlines every morning in TheBeat!
We'll send breaking news and news alerts to you as they happen!
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.