By 


      Brittney Melton
    

Good morning. You're reading the Up First newsletter. Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox, and listen to the Up First podcast for all the news you need to start your day.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu can expect a mixed reception today when he's scheduled to speak at a joint meeting of U.S. Congress. Republicans strongly support Netanyahu and Israel in the war in Gaza. But Democrats are increasingly critical, with President Biden calling for a cease-fire. About 200 protestors were arrested yesterday after staging a sit-in against the war in Gaza on Capitol Hill. Netanyahu has expressed his belief that Hamas must be completely destroyed in Gaza, which will likely be the central theme of his speech.

                Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu speaks during a state memorial ceremony for the victims of the 1948 Altalena affair, at Nachalat Yitzhak cemetery in Tel Aviv on June 18.
                
                    
                    Shaul Golan/AFP via Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

With roughly 100 days until the 2024 election, Harris is aiming to define herself on the campaign trail. She heads to Indianapolis today to speak to a Black sorority. The trip follows her first official public appearance as a presidential candidate yesterday. She walked out to Beyoncé’s “Freedom” as a highly energetic crowd of 3,000 people chanted her name in Milwaukee. The campaign event had to be moved to a larger venue due to the high interest. 
Vice President Harris has the opportunity to try and win over a significant number of voters who now say they are undecided, according to a new NPR poll. The poll finds Harris and Trump are statistically tied, but 1 in 5 independents now say they are undecided — up from 4% a week ago This makes the next few weeks vital for Harris as she reintroduces herself. 
U.S. Secret Service director Kimberly Cheatle resigned from her job yesterday, according to the White House. The decision came just a day after she testified before the House Oversight Committee, where she faced bipartisan criticism for not fully answering their questions about the assassination attempt on Trump.

                A woman walks before dawn in Toksook Bay, Alaska in 2020. Congress approved millions of dollars to connect the community to the new site for the village of Newtok, which was forced to move because of erosion related to climate change. Many scientists who worked on climate-related projects struggled to continue their work under the Trump administration.
                
                    
                    Gregory Bull/AP
                    
                
hide caption

Joel Clement spent seven years at the Interior Department working on policies meant to help Alaskan communities that are threatened by thawing permafrost and rising sea levels. His work moved forward during former President Barack Obama's administration. When Trump took over, Clement was reassigned as part of a government-wide effort to stop working on climate change. Clement resigned and became a whistleblower on what he and other scientists saw as the Trump administration's political interference and censorship of science. Many scientists are concerned that such interference would be even more severe in a second Trump term. Here's why: 

                Shaboozey performs during the 2024 BET Awards in Los Angeles in June 2024.
                
                    
                    Michael Tran/Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

PhD student Madeline Hamilton set out to explain our emotional connection to popular music and made a different discovery along the way. Her find: Today’s most popular tunes are much simpler than hits from decades ago. Hamilton analyzed more than 1,000 pop songs to show how the vocals have gotten less sophisticated over time. But that doesn’t mean today’s hits lack complexity. 

                 Lilah Clevey.
                
                    
                    Lilah Clevey
                    
                
hide caption

This newsletter was edited by Suzanne Nuyen.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor