Remi Wolf, Fletcher, Bailee Madison, Blu DeTiger, Jess Glynne, GloRilla and more took turns singing lines from the chorus of the track.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	This ain’t Texas, but the stars at Billboard Women in Music made it feel like a rodeo when they took turns singing Beyoncé’s Hot 100 chart-topping hit, “Texas Hold ‘Em.”






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Beyoncé		
					






















	
		
					Glorilla		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	In a hilarious video shared to Billboard’s Instagram account from the event on Wednesday (March 6) at YouTube Theater in Los Angeles, Remi Wolf, Fletcher, Bailee Madison, Blu DeTiger, Jess Glynne, GloRilla and more are seen singing lines from the chorus of the track. “This ain’t Texas, ain’t no hold ’em / So lay your cards down, down, down, down / So park your Lexus and throw your keys up / Stick around, ’round, ’round, ’round, ’round / And I’ll be damned if I can’t slow dance with you / Come pour some sugar on me, honey too,” they sing, with GloRilla hitting a particularly ambitious vocal run.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







Beyoncé released “Texas Hold ‘Em” as the first single from her upcoming Act II album on Super Bowl Sunday (Feb. 18). Between the references to her home state of Texas and the country sound of the new music snippet, it looks like fans were onto something with their theory that Beyoncé’s next LP will find her delving into country music.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Watch the full video from Billboard Women in Music below.
A post shared by Billboard Music Awards (@bbmas)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.