Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
They say everything is bigger in Texas, and Dillian Frelow is proof of that. With his outlandish, but chic, fashions and his boisterous personality, the Texan knew exactly how to make an entrance on USA Network’s The Anonymous. From the minute he stepped into the Square House, Frelow won over his fellow contestants and audiences alike with his infectious enthusiasm and hilarious one-liners. 
Frelow didn’t think twice about applying to The Anonymous, the reality tv competition show that’s a exciting blend of The Circle, The Traitors and Big Brother. “They knew they needed all this energy,” said Frelow. “Who else was going to bring the fashion?” Frelow’s eccentric wardrobe immediately made him stand out among his fellow players, especially his little fashion tribute to Beyoncé which is sprinkled through the season. “She makes me so proud to be from Texas,” said Frelow. “I wanted to people to get to know me,” continued Frelow, and “if you know Dillian, you know he loves himself some Beyoncé.”
His competitors soon learned that his kindness shouldn’t be mistaken for weakness. Frelow didn’t hesitate to call out Christopher Shulstad for campaigning behind his back to put him at risk in Anonymous Mode. “I was chilling by myself when he came over with that fake energy,” remembered Frelow. Believing Shulstad was trying to “make a scene,” Frelow took matters into his own hands. “You don’t want to listen to me, but you will campaign against me,” said Frelow. “I show[ed him] how to put on a show.”
Frelow found connections with several of his fellow players, including Fyre Festival’s Andy King and Nina Twine, the daughter of Survivor legend, Sandra Diaz-Twine. “Andy is absolutely a gay icon,” gushed Frelow. The two bonded over the course of the game by talking walks in the garden and doing “little stretches” through the day. As for Twine, Frelow praised their “great and healthy alliance.” “She was just so intelligent with how she played the game.”
Frelow stopped by the DECIDER studio to chat about his time on the show, his attempts to stay hidden in Anonymous Mode, and his notes for some of the players.
DECIDER: It’s always a risk trying something new. What made you apply to The Anonymous? 
DILLIAN FRELOW: There wasn’t much thought behind it, baby [laughs]. It was like, “this is the brand-new TV show?” Put me on it. They knew they needed all this energy. Who else was going to bring the fashion? 
What was your strategy coming into the game? 
My strategy was, and I live by this, that people eat with their eyes. I knew if I gave them a fashionable outfit from the start—and every day after—that was what they were gonna focus on. Let them take in my looks, gags, and then decide on what they’re going to do with me later on [laughs]. I knew if I let them know that the party was here, I was going to win them over. My strategy was personality, fashion, lewks, and entertainment.
Well, your wardrobe is incredible. Was what your luggage situation coming into the house?
I wanted to pack every single item that I had in my closet, but I just couldn’t. When I went to the airport and checked my bags, the lady at the bag scale was like: “Oh, my God, your bags are 96 KG. That is the heaviest luggage that I’ve seen in the five years that I’ve been working here.” [Laughs] I had to throw away some of my clothes in the middle of the airport so that my luggage could make it all the way to Spain. But, baby, you know, I still made it work. I’m a fashion icon. I can mix and match and do whatever I need to do to make sure that my fashion is always on point. 
Over the course of the show, you wear several outfits that contain tributes to Beyoncé, like the “Cowboy Carter” sash. Why was this important for you to do? 
First of all, I love Beyoncé. She makes me so proud to be from Texas. She inspires me with everything that she does. I’m a Bey hive-er for life. I wanted to people to get to know me. If you know Dillian, you know he loves himself some Beyoncé. Beyoncé is that girl. I’ve been to almost every one of her tours. I even met her at the Super Bowl. I had posted on her mom’s Instagram page before that. I love Beyoncé. She means so much to me. She came out with the Ivy Park line with the sparkle and all those sequins items, and baby, you know I had to get that. I approach life just as Beyoncé does, with big energy, iconic fashion looks, and always being the entertainment. 
Speaking of icons, you had the best reaction when the house learned that Andy was Andy King of Fyre Festival fame.
Andy is absolutely a gay icon. When I first got to the house, I knew I recognized him from somewhere, but I didn’t put it together. When I found that out that he was the Andy King, baby, I almost passed out. That morning when he announced that girl, I just lost it. Though, I played it cool after that [laughs]. We got up together each morning. We did our little stretches. We went on walks through the garden. Andy’s my very good friend. 
Who were some of your closest allies? 
I was close with Xavier at the beginning, but when he didn’t celebrate with me after I won my challenge… I was a little salty. We get it. You won Big Brother. Move on. Though, I absolutely adore Nina. Nina was so smart. I didn’t know that she was Sandra’s daughter until much later. She she played the game so intelligently. I loved that we always did a debrief after every single Anonymous Mode. Nina and I would compare notes, and even though we had a great and healthy alliance, we never told each other who we were in Anonymous Mode. She would tell me the tea if somebody was talking noise about me in the house and I would do the same.
Speaking about Nina giving you tea, you didn’t waste any time confronting Christopher in Episode 4. 
You see what happens when you campaign against the celebrity? [Laughs] Baby, he ended up getting four votes, and I ended up getting zero! I was chilling by myself when he came over with that fake energy. Baby, I don’t do that. I’m real. I am 100% authentic. So, when he tried to come over to me and shake my hand, I said, “no, no, Christopher, not today. I am not in the mood.” He said, “okay, okay” and then he walked off. I said, “so you wanted a scene? You don’t want to listen to me, but you will campaign against me? I’ll show you how to put on a show.” And I did. 
Obviously, you’ve got a big personality, which is why fans love you. How hard was it for you to try to hide in Anonymous Mode? 
I told myself, “Dillian, you talk too damn much in the house, so you just got to shut up in Anonymous Mode.” My strategy as Popsicle was to go into the hideout and say one line only, and that line was “[blank], you will be up for elimination tonight.” I would say Popsicle is really that girl. Popsicle is hot in his mountain, and I always bring the drip. Get into it. 
One of the most emotional moments of the game so far was in Episode 5 when you trust your gut and your mother’s spirit and choose to steal Marcel’s purple box instead of picking a new one. 
That moment will stay with me for the rest of my life. Before I picked the purple box, I sat in my seat and just prayed. I was like, “Mom, if you want me to leave this game right now, then let me be at risk. But if this is where I am supposed be, guide me and keep me safe.” My mom’s favorite color was purple, and I trusted my gut. I still get goose bumps when I think about it. This whole journey has been so crazy, but I know she’s been with me, protecting me, every single step of the way. 
After you got to safety, DANI’s twist was that you immediately had to put someone at risk. What was it like to go from the elation of safety to endangering someone else’s game? 
I was emotional the whole day. DANI is always so shady. You can be having the best moment of your life, and she would find a way to ruin it. My heart just broke. I thought that my game was going to be over after that. I knew I wasn’t going to put a woman at risk because the women were getting eliminated left and right. I couldn’t do that to my mother. I know how hard women have to work every single day. I wasn’t going to put up Andy, so it was Jack by default.
Jack hadn’t been at risk at that point in the game, so it was absolutely the right game move.
Period. 
Were you surprised by Jack’s gameplay when you watched the show back? 
 Jack was playing one hell of a game. He was the house sweetheart. Everyone loved him. It seemed like he could do no wrong. I thought he was the kindest, sweetest soul. Watching the show now? Jack threw Andy under the bus, ran Andy over, backed up, and ran Andy over again. Jack ate that up, baby.
Do you have notes for anyone based on their gameplay? 
I always have notes. You ready for the break down? Lilly, first of all, I told you the first episode you were going to read to filth because you wore stockings with that pink dress. Girl, you knew that you was going to be put up. You didn’t make a good first impression, and first impressions are everything. Shoulda kept those stockings at home. 
Andy, we have to do better in a challenge. Challenges were the biggest struggle for both of us. We are not athletic at all, but we did try. More notes. Xavier, this is not Big Brother. Christopher, this is not Love Island. Victoria, this is not Love Island. Sydney, stop lying. You had a picture of your boyfriend in your fanny pack, and that’s why you got sent home first. Kacie, I love you, but you were too emotional. Auntie Tyrenna, they were just saying that you were talking too much. Who else is left? I don’t know [laughs]. My note for myself is just keep being Dillian. 
So, what can you tease about the rest of the season? 
I said in Episode 1, I packed a lot of outfits and I plan on wearing all of them. Now, if you have seen all my outfits and you’re satisfied with what Dillian has to prove, then maybe it’s my time to go. However, if you want to me to stay in the game and see the fashion icon get to work, you know what to do and #SaveAHo.
The Anonymous airs Mondays nights at 11/10c on USA Network.

This story has been shared 3,673 times.
3,673


This story has been shared 2,586 times.
2,586


This story has been shared 1,195 times.
1,195


This story has been shared 871 times.
871


This story has been shared 644 times.
644


This story has been shared 614 times.
614


This story has been shared 585 times.
585


This story has been shared 483 times.
483


This story has been shared 355 times.
355


This story has been shared 316 times.
316


This story has been shared 313 times.
313


This story has been shared 299 times.
299


This story has been shared 272 times.
272


This story has been shared 246 times.
246


This story has been shared 244 times.
244