True love? Or no?
There’s a lot that goes into astrological compatibility: The number of degrees between two signs on the zodiac, your sign’s planetary ruler, the symbols and mythologies that are linked to your sign, etc. But one of the easiest signs of compatibility is determining if two signs share the same element. If the answer is “yes,” they’re compatible. Two water signs, two fire signs, two air signs, or in the case of Virgo and Taurus, two earth signs are sure to discover that they have A LOT in common. Let’s talk about it:
Dates: August 23 to September 22
Element: Earth
Modality: Mutable
Ruler: Mercury
Represented by: The maiden
Tarot card: the Hermit
Famous Virgos: Beyoncé, Zendaya, Keke Palmer, Sofia Richie, Prince Harry, Keanu Reeves, Salma Hayek, Blake Lively, Sydney Sweeney, Nick Jonas, Chris Pine, John Mulaney, Lili Reinhart, Jason Derulo, Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Ava DuVernay, Melissa McCarthy
Dates: April 20 to May 20
Element: Earth
Modality: Fixed
Ruler: Venus
Tarot card: The Hierophant
Represented by: The bull
Famous Tauruses: Robert Pattinson, Megan Fox, Kelly Clarkson, Cher, Penelope Cruz, Channing Tatum, Gigi Hadid, Adele, Kehlani, Noah Centineo, Lana Condor, Jessica Alba, Sabrina Carpenter, Rami Malek, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, Travis Scott, Sam Smith
Virgo and Taurus: Personality Traits
As two earth signs, Virgo and Taurus share some personality traits. Both are very hard-working and dedicated to their careers and their family/friends/S.O.s. They’re incredibly loyal and loving friends and partners; they’d do anything for their loved ones! The main difference here is that, to put it bluntly, Taurus is laid-back and Virgo is a little bit neurotic. Taurus is ruled by Venus, the planet of beauty, love, and money, while Virgo is ruled by Mercury, the planet of communication and intellect. Virgo’s nerves are constantly frazzled, and while Taurus is dedicated to their career, at home, they can be a little lazy. 
Virgo and Taurus: Friendship Compatibility
Honestly, Virgo and Taurus make *excellent* friends. Their shared values and work ethics mean that they’re a natural pair, while they can learn a lot from their different approaches to free time. Taurus can help Virgo relax and loosen up a little, while Virgo can take charge planning elaborate day trips or use their cunning to beat Ticketmaster scalpers and get two Chappell Roan tickets at face value.  
Virgo and Taurus: Sexual Compatibility
You might think that Taurus’s laid-back nature vs. Virgo’s intense one makes for awkward sex, but actually: It can make for great sex! Virgo and Taurus find each other’s approach attractive, and honestly, they both just want to impress each other. Yes, Taurus prefers lazy, romantic sex while Virgo can get down and dirty, but Virgo’s mutable nature means that they’re happy to go with the flow. While they might not be 100% aligned sexually, they’re both happy to indulge each other’s interests.
Virgo and Taurus: Relationship Compatibility
Generally, Virgo and Taurus can have a rewarding romantic relationship. But there’s one way thing to look out for: How they deal with conflict. Taurus is incredibly stubborn, and they will stand their ground even if it’s over something as inconsequential as whose turn it is to take out the trash. For their part, Virgo is non-confrontational but also passive-aggressive. They’ll let resentment build up until they explode! To avoid drama, Taurus will have to learn to compromise and Virgo will have to learn to speak up directly when they have an issue.
Virgo and Taurus: Marriage Compatibility
In a marriage or another long-term committed relationship, Virgo and Taurus can make a solid pair. However, along with learning how to argue and compromise, they should also be mindful of their different approaches to downtime. Virgo asks, “Downtime? What downtime?” and sees every free minute as an opportunity to build their empire or perfect a skill. Taurus, on the other hand, needs ample time for rest, relaxation, and binge-watching their favorite shows. Virgo should keep in mind that Taurus isn’t lazy, they’re just taking care of themself, and Taurus should try to understand that Virgo simply has a hard time staying still. 
Virgo and Taurus: Compatibility Summary
All in all, this is a classically compatible pair. Go forth and have fun!
Famous Virgo and Taurus Couples
Together:
Broken up:
More Pairings for Virgo and Taurus
How Will Pluto Retrograde Impact Your Star Sign?
Your May Horoscope Has Officially Arrived!
Your Zodiac Sign Says A Lot About Your Bed Routine
All About the 12th House in Astrology
Taurus Celebrities Are the Best Celebrities 
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Shoes 
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 27
Your Horoscope for the Week of April 27
Your Horoscope for the New Moon in Taurus
All About Your “Big Three”
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Sunglasses
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 20-26
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.