Music mega stars Jay-Z and Beyoncé put on a united front at a Disney premiere after he denied raping a 13-year-old girl.
Over the weekend, Jay-Z was added to a lawsuit, which claimed that P Diddy and a previously unnamed celebrity had raped a teenager. The alleged incident reportedly happened at the MTV Video Music Awards in 2000.
Jay-Z, real name Shawn Carter, released a statement strongly denying the accusation. He also took aim at the filing lawyer Tony Buzbee and his credentials.
READ MORE: Beyonce had lunch with Barbara Windsor in unlikely meeting after Top of the Pops
READ MORE: Pharrell Williams tells fans 'get ready' for new Beyoncé music as he reveals collaboration
But hours later, the Carters were out in force at the premiere of Disney's Mufasa: The Lion King. They were also joined by Beyoncé's mum Tina Knowles, who caused confusion after "liking" a post relating to the accusation.
Jay-Z looked smart in a deep maroon suit with black tie, while Beyoncé looked sensational in a shining black and gold dress. Her mum Tina was elegant in a fitted black twi-piece with statement belt.
And Jay and Bey's eldest daughter Blue Ivy looked like a Disney princess in a flowing golden gown.
The family were out to support Blue Ivy, who voices Kiara in the new Disney film. And Beyoncé was full of praise for her girl.
She said on Instagram: "My gorgeous baby girl. This is your night. You worked hard and you did such a beautiful job as the voice of Kiara.
"Your family could not be prouder. Keep shining."
Just a day earlier, Jay-Z had hit out at the lawsuit, branding it "blackmail". He insisted that the "heinous" allegations against him were not true.
He also said he was heartbroken for his family. "My wife and I will have to sit our children down, one of whom is at the age where her friends will surely see the press and ask questions about the nature of these claims, and explain the cruelty and greed of people," he said.
The lawsuit was originally filed in New York in October. It was refiled on Sunday to name Jay-Z, alongside P Diddy, who is alleged to have been there.
P Diddy, real name Sean Combs, has also strongly denied the allegation in a statement via his lawyer, as he is currently being held in jail in New York before a racketeering and sex trafficking trial in May next year.
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.