One could argue that Emma Roberts is a nepo baby. Her father is actor Eric Roberts and her aunt is none other than Julia Roberts. The 33-year-old has actually carved out a successful acting career, however, starring in several seasons of American Horror Story and Scream Queens. The actress is also getting noticed for her style sense. Italian beauty brand Kiko Milano just anointed Roberts a global brand ambassador and she's become the first celebrity partner for resale retailer Fashionphile. Makes sense since Roberts is also a front-row fixture— she was recently seen in the frow at Chloe, Tory Burch, Lacoste, Louis Vuitton, Prada and Valentino.
To our mind, this makes her uniquely qualified to recommend designer goods you can shop on Fashionphile. The company, which is celebrating its 25th anniversary tapped Roberts to curate an accessory-focused capsule collection. And Roberts has delivered by selecting status logo bags and instantly recognizable silhouettes. On the jewelry front, Roberts favors rings with plenty of personality, flashy bracelets, and statement watches.
A post shared by instagram
Since Fashionphile is a luxury destination, the used pieces come with hefty price tags. That also goes for all of Roberts' front-row ensembles that we desperately want to emulate. So we tracked down some more affordable alternatives so you can channel her style vibe without paying the big bucks.
Trench coats are spring staples. For the Lacoste Fall 2024 presentation, Roberts rocked a crisp white version. You can replicate the look with Banana Republic's Linen-Blend Trench Coat ($144). We're betting that you already own a white T-shirt and medium blue jeans.
Roberts attended Prada's Fall 2023 show decked out in a baby blue satin dress. Fortunately, Victoria Beckham and Mango designed a suitable tribute, The Asymmetrical Satin Dress With Gathered Opening ($230). Style with ankle-strap heels and a cropped jacket in case wherever you're going is a tad chilly.
Polka dots will never really go out of style. Roberts' version she wore to the Kate Spade New York presentation last February features wider-than-usual dots. Pair Goelia's 16 Momme Mulberry Silk Polka Dots Printed A-Line Women Half Skirt ($119) with a simple black top and loafers for a truly classic ensemble.
Long before Beyoncé reintroduced cowboy core, Roberts had a little fun with fringe. She sported a fringed shirt at the Longchamp Fall 2019 runway show. She even tapped into the see-through skirt obsession with a crochet creation. Pinko's Wolf Fringed Shirt ($293) is business in the front and a party in the back.
For Chloe's Fall 2017 presentation, Roberts went matchy-matchy with a coordinating blouse and cropped pants. We tracked down the warm-weather version with a little assistance from Zara. Combine the Printed Slim Shirt ZW Collection ($29.99) with the Printed Mini Skirt ZW Collection ($27.99).
She naturally wore Louis Vuitton to the French fashion house's San Diego cruise show in 2022. You can achieve a similar look courtesy of Veronica Beard's Cenda Rugby-Striped Mini Dress ($98). Since it's spring, swap the boots for sandals.
Anyone trying to master the sheer trend should take note of Roberts' outfit at H&M's Fall 2016 show. Her sheer top was made slightly more modest with a black crop top layered underneath. Pick up Mango's Semi-Transparent Knitted Cardigan ($79.99) to channel the look. Then just work in a metallic skirt and ankle-strap heels.
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved