SINCE 1854
Since 1854
  Home   What's On   Article
The stars are coming out in Sherwood Forest this weekend with the return of the Forest Live gigs to the venue.
The line-up features Nile Rodgers and Chic, Anne-Marie, and Sting.
Launching the weekend of music tomorrow night (Friday, June 21) is Nile Rodgers and Chic.
Nile Rodgers is a Rock & Roll Hall of Fame inductee, Songwriters Hall of Fame inductee and a multiple Grammy Award winning songwriter, composer, producer, arranger, and guitarist.
As the co-founder of Chic, Rodgers pioneered a musical language that generated chart-topping hits like Le Freak, the biggest selling single in the history of Atlantic Records, and sparked the advent of hip-hop with Good Times.
His work in the Chic Organization includes We Are Family with Sister Sledge and I’m Coming Out with Diana Ross and his productions for artists like David Bowie (Let’s Dance), Madonna (Like A Virgin) and Duran Duran (The Reflex) have sold more than 500m albums and 100m singles worldwide.
His innovative collaborations with Daft Punk (Get Lucky), Daddy Yankee (Agua), and Beyoncé (Cuff It) reflect the vanguard of contemporary hits.
Special guest is Sophie Ellis-Bextor and support is DECO.
The following night (June 22) sees Anne-Marie take to the stage.
Anne-Marie entered the music scene in 2015. Her first solo album, Speak Your Mind, was the UK’s biggest-selling debut of 2018 and spawned the international anthems 2002, co-written with Ed Sheeran, and FRIENDS alongside Marshmello.
The follow-up album Therapy (2021) built on her success with singles such as Kiss My (Uh-Oh) with Little Mix and Don't Play with KSI & Digital Farm Animals.
The Essex-born star is a former three-time world Karate champion and alongside her industrious recording schedule and sold-out headline tours, released a documentary, ‘How To Be Anne-Marie’, and appeared as a coach on Saturday night prime time show, The Voice.
Finally, on Sunday night (June 23) it is Sting in the spotlight.
Composer, singer-songwriter, actor, author, and activist Sting was born in Newcastle before moving to London in 1977 to form The Police with Stewart Copeland and Andy Summers.
The band released five studio albums, earned six Grammy Awards and two BRIT Awards, and was inducted into The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2003.
As one of the world’s most distinctive solo artists, Sting has received an additional 11 GRAMMY Awards®, two BRIT Awards, a Golden Globe, an Emmy, four Oscar nominations, a TONY nomination, Billboard Magazine’s Century Award, and MusiCares 2004 Person of the Year.
Throughout his illustrious career, Sting has sold 100 million albums from his combined work with The Police and as a solo artist.