Bumpin' that.
With Spotify Wrapped and Apple Music Replay's year-end reviews infiltrating our social feeds, it's time to talk about the endless supply of bangers that have dropped in our good year 2024. And it's not only in the form of infectious earworms á la Sabrina Carpenter's "Espresso" or Chappell Roan's "HOT TO GO!" We're talking full-length bodies of work with no skips from top to bottom. So, whether you're deep in your feelings with Taylor Swift's Tortured Poets Department or you're on the hunt for some melodic escapism through Dua Lipa's Radical Optimism, one thing's for sure: this has been one of the best years in music, hands down. 
The year started out strong as Beyoncé—I mean, Cowboy Carter—kickstarted a country renaissance while Charli XCX's latest effort is the bridge between intrusive thoughts and instant club classics we've all been craving. No matter the genre, this year's album drops have truly been exquisite, and we can't stop singing our praises. The proof is in our playlist! Check out the best albums of 2024, according to icons and tastemakers (who also happen to be Cosmo editors 💅). 
Few artists understand pop culture as deeply as Charli XCX. Yes, her songs make the ideal sound for a TikTok, but it’s clear that a 1-minute soundbite isn’t their only purpose. To use Charli’s words, they’re “club classics” that I’ll be adding to party playlists for (no exaggeration) decades to come.
— Sarah Maberry, commerce writerCharli XCX's highly-anticipated sixth album surpassed my huge expectations (and FWIW, the critics agreed for once!). It's got all the makings of a great summer album: confidence-boosting hype lyrics, themes of travel, and dance hooks for days. But it's also an incredible development in songwriting and production for an artist who's been on the fringes of mainstream pop for over a decade. It's such a complete work with peaks and valleys. Between all the partying, she's also vulnerable, questioning her trajectory in life and desire to be a mother ("I Think About It All The Time"). And has there ever been a song more relatable than "Girl, So Confusing"?! This album is my whole mood for summer 2024: give me lime green everything, get me to the airport, and take me to a back lot where I can dance my cares away. I'm never taking off my sunglasses.— Heath Owens, senior commerce editor
Charli turned brat summer into brat fall with her remix album. The remixes add new levels to the original songs, like by turning "Everything Is Romantic" from a dreamy statement in the original to an anxious question in the remix featuring Caroline Polachek. count me in for brat winter, brat spring, brat eternity. 
— Erika W. Smith, senior editor
Beyoncé is so personal to me. The 300M+ IG followers? Don't care. Her 200M records sold worldwide? Can't hear you. When she sings about white rejection and ancestral trauma on "AMERIICAN REQUIEM" she's singing to me and me only. This record (which haters wanted to deem a gimmick! The North remembers!) bleeds grit and power and should inspire anyone who comes across it to reclaim what's rightfully theirs, be that respect, industry recognition, or an entire damn music genre. It's difficult to pick a favorite child, but in a perfect world the aforementioned "AMERIICAN REQUIEM," "DAUGHTER," "YA YA," and "II MOST WANTED" would be the only available song options for DJs worldwide. I said what I said.
— Annabel Iwegbue, associate editor
This album is going to be on every best-of list this year/decade and very deservedly so! As Beyoncé wrote on both Instagram and the side of the Guggenheim Museum in New York: "This ain't a Country album. This is a 'Beyoncé' album." From the thesis-statement opening track "AMERIICAN REQUIEM" to the uptempo "TEXAS HOLD 'EM" to the country-pop ballad with Miley Cyrus, "II MOST WANTED," Beyoncé plays with the country genre to make an album that's all her own.
— Erika W. Smith, senior editor
Growing up in rural Idaho, country music was the only listening option. I never saw myself reflected in its lyrics, artists, and fanbase. Cowboy Carter caused me to reflect upon the cultural norms of where I was raised and unpack things from my childhood I never truly had. To me, it’s not only a celebration of Black country music, but of all the queer, color-outside-the-lines kids like myself who evolved beyond the narrow-minded environments where country music reigns supreme.
— Sarah Maberry, commerce writer
Sabrina Carpenter took her stardom to extreme levels this year with the release of Short n' Sweet—and that's honestly an understatement. She sang about situationships, horniness, and heartbreaks, basically normalizing every other sect of girlhood that the industry has been sleeping on! It's time for women to reclaim the upper hand in love, and Sabrina did just that with her gut-punching, heart-wrenching lyrics, all while keeping it as catchy as possible. My fave track is “Coincidence,” which explores the narrative of being "the other woman" in a relationship—a phenomenon some of us know all too well—and finally sticking it to the man through sarcasm and sass. Taking a cyclic (and heavily publicized) situationship and turning it into a pop banger is no easy feat, but Sabrina did it time and time again on this album. No notes, and of course, no skips. 
— Jasmine Hyman, assistant shopping editor
This Year Proved Situationship Albums Go Incredibly Hard
After scoring her second (!) Oscar for her Barbie megahit, "What Was I Made For?," Billie Eilish kept the momentum going with the release of her third album, HIT ME HARD AND SOFT. To say this is a comeback is false, as she and her brother/collaborator, Finneas, never quite left—it's more of a reintroduction. Billie's signature soft vocals found a new life on songs from the early aughts of her stardom ("Blue," formerly known as "True Blue") and brought forth ambitious production through rock odyssey guitars and regency-era string arrangements. Stacked with 10 marvelous tracks, it's difficult to choose one standout on HIT ME HARD AND SOFT as something new is discovered with each listen. Billie's unapologetically queer anthem, "Lunch," rightfully hit the top 5 of Billboard's Hot 100 chart, her ode to friendship "Birds of a Feather" made an old saying feel fresh, and Finneas' production reached new heights on "L'amour De Ma Vie" as its swingy Amy Winehouse vibe transformed into an autotuned club classic á la Charli XCX. However, the layered complexities of "The Greatest," from its edge-of-your-seat musical buildup to its diary entry lyricism, prove that the artists' latest musical venture holds that exact title.
— Sam Olson, assistant news editor
The Tortured Poets Department has some of my favorite songwriting of Taylor's ever (and I'm a lifelong Swiftie). She didn't feel the need to be so prim and proper—the songwriting feels less perfect than her previous work. I mean... she name-drops, uses exclamation points, and swears more than we've ever heard her! But it fits this era of Taylor, and I love every second of it. "The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived" is in the running for the best Taylor bridge of all time, by the way.  
— Beth Gillette, beauty editor
Doechii is a true talent. It’s a treat to hear an artist having this much fun on a mixtape, and between the cool bass notes of “Bullfrog” and the ear worm that is “Nissan Altima,” Doechii keeps the bar high and the momentum strong throughout. Alligator Bites Never Heal is versatile and ambitious, bringing truly fresh energy to 2024 playlists everywhere. 
— Alexandra Whittaker, executive site director
Doechii has become the first line of defense for stans correcting claims about female rap’s lack of depth. But I’m going to say something maybe controversial! I love that she’s not strictly a conscious rapper. ALLIGATOR BITES NEVER HEAL does have the thoughtful, timeless essence of Kendrick Lamar’s early work, or the many 90’s hip-hop albums that set the bar for artists like Doechii. But it’s the absurdity in songs like “DENIAL IS A RIVER” and “BOOM BAP” that made this album special to me. That serious unseriousness spoke to what life feels like as a young person today! We’re all trying to process the world’s very unpredictable circumstances through the least scary thought process available to us. On this record, Doechii plays a storyteller! A stand-up comedian! A friend you’re chatting to over brunch! I’m a fan of every character.
— Annabel Iwegbue, associate editor
Even after six glorious, record-breaking albums, Ariana still knows how to stay on top. She knows what her people want time after time. Eternal Sunshine tells a story from beginning to end about the trials and tribulations and the emotional rollercoaster that happens during a breakup—and its title track captures her overall message seamlessly. It’s relatable. It’s real. And she somehow has the ability to perfectly describe heartbreak in a way that feels impossible to put into words. Every song makes you feel something and transports you to a vulnerable part of yourself while still being super catchy and fun to listen to. Ari knows how to put me in my feelings, make me scream-sing, and prompt me to dance my heart out simultaneously.
— Meg Uy, associate shopping editor
Camila Cabello’s C,XOXO is the love letter to Miami I never knew I was craving. Like Camila, I’m a Cuban girl who grew up in Magic City, and I see myself in all these tracks. A sonic departure from her previous albums, C,XOXO sees the Fifth Harmony alum in a new baby blue and pink-hued light as she fuses her Latin roots with the hip-hop and trap sounds that carry the South Florida music scene. From the indelible Gucci Mane sample on lead single “I LUV IT” to her brilliantly interpolating fellow Miamian Pitbull’s “Hotel Room” with a synthesizer on her piano ballad “B.O.A.T,” Camila touches on her relationships with past loves, herself, and her hometown. Oh, and did I mention? She brought the City Girls back together on standout “Dade County Dreaming” after their divorce. C,XOXO is truly the best we’ve heard from her yet.
— Sam Olson, assistant news editor
This is an incredible debut album! Honestly, I feel like people slept on this one as a whole. Of course, there were individual songs that popped off, but this entire album has no skips for me. It's got bops ("Truth or Dare", "ART," "Jump," "WATER"!!!!!! — that song will never get old) and heavy-hitter collaborations with Tems, Becky G, Gunna, Skillibeng, and Travis Scott galore. Not to mention, the cover image is the stuff of Y2K dreams—that image belongs on a CD case. 
—Heath Owens, senior commerce editor
This album is louder and angstier than her last record, and it perfectly fits with the lyrics, which tell stories of situationships, self-sabotage, and anxious attachment. It truly has blown me away. Obviously, the titular track features Taylor Swift, who offers up some advice to Gracie experiencing a situation I'm sure Taylor knows all too well (sorry). I'm also obsessed with the sound on "Let it Happen" and the lyrics to "Gave You I Gave You I" are my favorite.
— Beth Gillette, beauty editor
I can't tell you why it took me so long to hop on the Willow Smith bandwagon. Maybe it was the incessant use of "Wait a Minute" audios on TikTok last year, or my dubiousness about what a "Willow Smith jazz album" could possibly sound like. All I was doing was delaying my own satisfaction. Empathogen is one of the bravest and most exciting records we've gotten in a long time. It employs a range of genres to create what I could only describe as a masterpiece. (Is that dramatic? IDC.) I'd consider it tracks like "home" and "Big Feelings" standouts, but as the kids say, this one's a no-skip album. We should consider "Whip My Hair" an early harbinger of Willow's musical genius (that still remains heavily in my own rotation).
— Annabel Iwegbue, associate editor
Unlike most artists who tend to pick just one genre or language, Kali continues to break down any and all barriers with her new album, proving that she can truly do it all. While she stays grounded in her R&B roots in the first half, she shifts away from expectations and limitations in the second half as she celebrates everything Latin music offers. From boleros to cumbia, Kali successfully does it for the culture every single time. It's a refreshing and much-needed push that the music industry has been craving—and it shouldn't be surprising that Kali continues to lead the charge.
— Tamara Fuentes, entertainment editor
Something I've always loved so much about Remi Wolf's music is how playful it is, and Big Ideas follows that with a liiiiitttle more oomph. "Soup" is almost always playing from my headphones when I'm walking through the city because it sounds like it should be in a movie soundtrack (perfect to strut on the treadmill to, FWIW). But the whole album is filled with pop gems, like "Toro" and "Frog Rock." It's fully cemented Remi as my pop princess to watch. 👀
— Beth Gillette, beauty editorIt's horny, it's fun, it's Remi Wolf baby! A true no-skips album, and dare I say THE album of the Summer. In my humble opinion, this album didn't get nearly enough recognition upon its release, but I have full faith that it will have its proper moment in due time because it's just THAT good. I swear, if I was on my deathbed and the doctor said I only had 43 minutes to live, I would say get me a pint of Cider and put on Big Ideas by Remi Wolf. — Corinne Bickel, social media specialist
I’ve had this album’s uplifting opening track, “ST. CHROMA,” on repeat since the Monday morning it dropped. That song's self-affirming thesis statement arrived when I needed it the most. Growing up a Tyler, The Creator listener has been such a worthwhile experience. We’ve seen him through his (frustrating) edgelord era, and that dissimilar soft boi moment. But this age of Tyler is officially my favorite. The positive messaging and inner child work he wove throughout this project, (especially on my favorite songs, “Balloon”  and “Like Him”) left me so excited. As a fan, there’s nothing more powerful to me than following an artist’s growth. If this album is any indication of the trajectory Tyler’s on, I can’t wait to see what turn he takes next.
— Annabel Iwegbue, associate editor
It's been five years and 10 tracks since Vampire Weekend's last effort, Father of the Bride, and the production on this album feels like VW to the tenth degree paired with frontman Ezra Koenig's cool and collected vocals. Yet, it puts a fresh spin on their signature (and almost satirical) sound born in their Ivy League days. With twinkling pianos, swirling string arrangements, and self-sampling percussion on "Connect," the musicians call back to their self-titled debut album's opener, "Mansard Roof." What makes this an instantly classic Vampire Weekend record, though, is that they looked from within and came out as their own muse—and something tells me they won't stop marching to the beat of their drum any time soon. 
— Sam Olson, assistant news editor
Radical optimism is exactly what the world needs amidst wars, elections, and the general chaos of the global political climate. Dua understands that dancing is healing, and that singing your fave song at the top of your lungs is cleansing. She gave us chart-toppers that are made for just that. You can’t help but feel lighter when her songs come on, whether you’re in the club, in the back of an Uber, or strolling through the grocery store. No matter when or where, I’m singing along. Don't you know I could do this dance all night?
— Sarah Maberry, commerce writer
Just when you think Hot Girl Meg couldn't come in hotter‚ she continues to exceed expectations. The H-Town hottie released her self-titled effort after dropping a scathing track dedicated to her opps, "HISS."  "I'm finna get this shit off my chest and lay it to rest... let's go," she puffs before kickstarting her 3-minute rant. "Mamushi" made waves on TikTok as Meg and Japanese rapper Yuki Chiba showcased their star power while features with GloRilla, Victoria Monét, and Kyle Richh expanded her sonic universe. The Gwen Stefani sample on "BOA" not only goes incredibly  hard—the track also granted elite Instagram captions bar-by-bar (yes, "Don't got to edit / Check the Getty" is reserved for my first step-and-repeat moment).
— Sam Olson, assistant news editor
This latest album from Faye Webster is very "jam band" sounding, but in the best way possible. This is the type of album you listen to in the center of a park lying down and staring at the clouds. Oh, and Lil Yachty has a really cool feature on it!
— Chaise Saunders, associate editor
It'd be easy for us to say that a lot of reviewers and listeners completely lost the plot of this album due to its impressive marketing and rollout before its release. Still, it's harder for us to face the true fact: Halsey made this as a goodbye record and it is, without a doubt, a new high for the artist. In what feels like the ultimate mix of their previous selves, the album is not for those looking for an escape, but rather, it's meant for those willing to look deep and face even the darkest truths they've been running from. “I Believe in Magic” explores the idea of getting older and facing the reality of losing those who have come before us and leaving behind those who have come after. “Lonely is the Muse” grapples the loss of identity and autonomy when you become a public figure for anyone to chase and talk about, particularly when your exes have also taken your story and made them their own. The heartbreaking “Life of the Spider (Draft)” reflects how fighting cancer and lupus brought Halsey to their lowest point, whereas “The Final Letter to God (1998)” is a pleading case to something, anything, to come and help them live. The record’s title track questions whether the story ends with its narrator. We won't find out now, but at least we have a new chapter to enjoy in this wild and moving story.
— Tamara Fuentes, entertainment editor
I'm just going to go ahead and say this with my whole chest: Rachel Chinouriri's What a Devastating Turn of Events is one of the best debut albums of the streaming age. The UK-based artist started as a lowkey R&B-infused pop act and eventually evolved into a cutting-edge alt-pop darling with range. She masterfully taps into several emotions, and there isn't one that feels out of place. Her cheeky talk-sing standout "It Is What It Is" was made for an audience á la Carrie Bradshaw's brunch musings while "Never Need Me" and "Dumb Bitch Juice" are the up-tempo situationship anthems that take a magnifying glass into a 20-something's love life. However, her peeled-back and sincere songwriting on the album's titular track holds a heavier weight, detailing the complex history of  her Zimbabwean heritage as it relates to her late cousin's experiences with abortion and self-harm. 
Rachel's songwriting prowess—on her full-length debut, no less—is deeply personal and inherently human, and soon enough, the rest of the world will catch along. Between filming a music video cameo alongside her bestie Florence Pugh (casual!) and earning a nod on Sophie Turner's Instagram Stories amid her own relationship drama, there's no doubt that Rachel Chinouriri is in it for the long haul. 
— Sam Olson, assistant news editor 
So... Why Is Lorde’s Album Called ‘Virgin’?
Lorde Gushes About Charli’s Inspo for New Album
The 11 Podcasts You Need To Listen to in 2025
Time to Cure Your FOMO and Buy Beyoncé Tickets
Tap Into Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Setlist
Charli XCX Isn’t Ready to Let Go of ‘Brat’ Summer
Madison Beer Shows Support for Justin and Hailey
Benson Boone’s “Moonbeam Ice Cream” Song Is Here
What Zara Thinks of Those Xtina Comparisons...
Fans Weigh In on Addison Rae’s Name Change
Time to Tap Into Lorde’s “What Was That” Lyrics
Lorde Debuted “What Was That” With Fans in NYC
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.