Filed under:
Links to stories, pods and pictures to help you keep up with NFC East and the NFL in general
How long is ﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿Cooper Rush﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿’s leash? Back in 2022, Rush filled in for an injured Dak Prescott for five starts, going 4-1 with 956 passing yards, five touchdowns, three interceptions, a 81.2 passer rating and a 58.0 completion percentage. Those performances, which weren’t sterling but were competent, came with considerably more firepower surrounding him — but he nonetheless showed he can guide the ship. He again looked capable relieving Prescott in the fourth quarter of an eventual 27-21 Week 9 loss to the Atlanta Falcons (115 yards, 1 TD). 
However, Rush came undone last week in his first start of the 2024 campaign. He managed just six points against the Eagles on 10 drives, eight of which lasted four plays or less. He lost two fumbles, and his 45 passing yards were the fewest by a QB with 20-plus attempts since 2015. 
﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿Trey Lance﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿﻿ took over in the fourth quarter and fared little better going 4 of 6 with a pick, but he’s the unknown element that might require further investigating with the season quickly slipping away. After all, the Cowboys traded a fourth-round pick to acquire his services two offseasons ago. It’s entirely possible Rush comes out and turns down the volume for such a move — his worst game and only loss of the 2022 campaign also came against Philly — but at this point Dallas could stand to look at all options.
Here are some inside perspectives on Schoen’s three-year body of work
Fans, by nature, are pretty reactionary. But if you pull out and look at the big picture, this franchise is now on its fifth coach and fourth GM in the nine years since Tom Coughlin walked out the door. A franchise that used to be known for its stability—sometimes to a fault—is now Team Chaos. There is simply no example in sports of a team sustaining success with that kind of sustained chaos.
So hard as it is to tell the paying customers, a little patience is needed. I’m not impressed with what Schoen and Daboll have done in three seasons, obviously, but one of them was good and I do wonder what they could do with a better quarterback. I’m more sold on the GM than the coach because I do think this team has better overall talent than what he inherited. But yeah, I expected them to be in a better position by now.
So yes, I think Schoen can get it right. He might have to fire Daboll, especially if they’re not a playoff contender next year. They’re both running out of time, though. Schoen just told the world he believes the Giants are “close” and can make a big leap forward next season. That’s great. The problem is that when you say that, you better actually do it.
[Saquon Barkley] “only” has eight TDs — thanks in part to the tush push. Interestingly, as sources explained this week, Barkley’s three-year, $37.8 million contract planned for this exact experience by having a grand total of zero dollars in incentives based on touchdowns.
According to NFL Research, Barkley has been tackled at the 1- or 2-yard line 11 times this season, most in the NFL. Many of those end up as Jalen Hurts scores, which doesn’t hurt Barkley’s bottom line.
If he totals 1,500 rushing and receiving yards combined (he’s already at 1,347), he’ll earn a $250,000 incentive payable in February. If he crosses 2,000 yards, he’ll pick up another $250,000. The amount earned from his yardage incentive would also be added to his 2025 base salary as an escalator. In other words, 2,000 combined yards would net him $1 million total.
For a first-team All-Pro selection, Barkley earns a $500,000 incentive. A second-team honor or being voted into the Pro Bowl would earn him $250,000. As with the yardage incentive, the same amount would be added to his 2025 base salary as an escalator, as well.
Barkley also has up to $500,000 tied to the team’s postseason performance. For victories in the NFC Championship Game and the Super Bowl, Barkley would earn $250,000 each. (For this incentive, he’s also required to rush for 1,000 yards in the regular season, which he’s already done.) Again, whatever Barkley earns via an incentive would also be added to his 2025 base salary.
Washington quarterback Jayden Daniels was running away with the offensive rookie of the year award. He’s not anymore, because of the way Nix has played.
Nix threw no touchdown passes and four interceptions in the first two games. He has 14 touchdown passes and two interceptions in the nine games since.
Daniels has 10 touchdowns and three interceptions.
Both have run for four touchdowns.
Pederson’s Jaguars were blown out in embarrassing fashion by the Detroit Lions, 52-6, on Sunday fewer than 24 hours after NFL Network Insider Ian Rapoport reported that a regime change could be in Jacksonville’s future following a potential loss in Motown.
That loss transpired in historic fashion — the Jaguars gave up touchdowns on seven consecutive possessions to open the game to drop to 2-9 on the season — and Pederson was asked if Sunday could have been his final game in Duval.
“I can’t control that,” Pederson told reporters. “Listen, I’ve been around this league a long time. If it’s going to happen, it’s going to happen. But at the same time, I still have a job to do, and that’s to get ready for a good division opponent here in two weeks.”
BEYONCÉNFL Halftime Show - Ravens vs TexansChristmas Day on Netflix pic.twitter.com/5WnkBTpWWw
Monday Night Football | Dallas Cowboys vs. Houston Texans | Week 11 Recap https://t.co/VtvB7O4NT3
In eleven weeks to date, the Jets have lost eight times. Owner Woody Johnson fired the head coach after five games. Since then, the Jets are 1-5.
There will be a new coach. There might be a new General Manager. Johnson could end up taking a position in the new administration, opening the door for his brother, Christopher, to take over again.
And only days after quarterback Aaron Rodgers said as to the question of whether he still plans to play next year, “Yeah, I think so.” It’s fair to think the Jets won’t want him.
His compensation for 2025 isn’t guaranteed. Once the dust settles on a new regime, he could be cut.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.