Elizabeth Ann Cooke “Cookie” Gregg was born on May 31, 1944, and peacefully reunited with awaiting loved ones on Tuesday, February 20, 2024.
Liz was valedictorian of her high school class and went on to work her way through lab school.
Proud to have been a medical technologist for 35 years, she excitedly recounted stories of working alongside area physicians, which she did prior to working many years with a traveling medical unit, where she provided physicals at energy plants throughout the southeast.
Liz had a dry, but quick wit that she used often and freely. She was likely to make a play on words or a clever observation and sit back to see if anyone caught it.
She would happily assign a nickname to a new friend, share a snack, brag on a baby, a pet, pictures, or simply check the weather and share the forecast.
Christmas, firework displays, fried okra, George Jones, Patsy Cline and Sonic ice were a few of her favorite things.
She smiled at any chance to surprise someone with a treat of any kind. She had a tender and generous heart, especially for veterans, as her dear brother was a Marine in Vietnam. She saw him in every veteran she met. Liz loved her family to the moon and back. They loved her so and she will be deeply missed.
Liz was preceded in death by her mother, Dorothy Helen Zimmerman; father, Lawrence Cooke; brothers, Harry and Madison Cooke; beloved daughter, Deanna Gregg.
She is survived by her daughter and son-in-law, Stephanie and Lance Taylor; grandsons, Gage and Zach Taylor; and her beloved, slightly spoiled, fur baby Max Edward.
The family would like to thank and recognize all of Liz’s special extended family, including but not at all limited to Addison, Al, Amy Mamie, Andy Pandy, Beyoncé, Brandy, Bri, Brittany, Delight, Derek, J-Bird, Kelsey, KiKi, Kiosha, Kylie, Lou Lou, Mari, Rebecca, Riana, Robbie, Robbie Dobbie, Shae, Yuliana. Liz loved you all and our family will be forever grateful for the time and love you shared with her.
The family will receive friends from 10 a.m.-12 p.m. on Monday, Feb. 26, at Hamilton Funeral Home, 4506 Hixson Pike, Hixson, Tn. 37343.
A graveside service is to follow and will begin at 12:45 p.m. in the Chattanooga Memorial Park “The Duck Pond” pavilion, 501 Memorial Drive, Chattanooga, Tn. 37415.
If you would like to honor Liz by contributing to something close to her heart, please consider donating to Vietnam Veterans of America (https://vva.org) St. Jude Children’s Hospital (www.stjude.org), any animal rescue (www.mckameyanimalcenter.org) (www.heschatt.org) or you could do a random act of kindness and think of her know knowing how it would have made her smile.
Visit www.hamiltonfhofchattanooga.com to share condolences and memories.
Arrangements are entrusted to Hamilton Funeral Home, Hixson, Tn.
Ted Edward Fugunt, 55, of Chattanooga passed away unexpectedly on Wednesday, April 30., 2025. 
 
 Born July 9, 1969, to Theodore and Bonnie Fugunt, Ted was a 1988 graduate of Tyner High School. ...  more
Andy Barry Jones, 69, of Chattanooga, Tennessee, passed away on April 23, 2025. 
 A true Chattanooga original, Andy had the kind of energy and charisma that made everyone feel like a friend. ...  more
J.E. "J Bird" "Shake" Wilson, age 86, of Decatur, passed away on Wednesday, April 30, 2025. 
 
J.E. was a member of Union Grove Baptist Church. He graduated from Meigs County High School in ...  more