ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
EAST RUTHERFORD, NEW JERSEY - JULY 29: (Editorial Use Only) (Exclusive Coverage) Beyoncé performs ... More onstage during the "RENAISSANCE WORLD TOUR" at MetLife Stadium on July 29, 2023 in East Rutherford, New Jersey. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/WireImage for Parkwood )
Beyoncé’s latest album, Cowboy Carter, has been out in the world for several months at this point. The singer’s first country full-length is still performing well, and chances are it will find space on the Billboard charts for months—or maybe even years—to come.
This week, the set reappears on several lists, thanks to a huge surge in sales. Beyoncé recently reissued the album on vinyl in a different variation than was first sold when the title initially dropped, and fans were clearly eager to pick up a copy.
Last tracking period, Cowboy Carter sold 3,669 copies in the U.S. That number is up just under 96% from the week prior, when it sold 1,873 copies, according to Luminate.
All those purchases help Beyoncé return to two Billboard charts this week. Cowboy Carter blasts back onto the Top Album Sales tally at No. 20. The set has now spent nine frames on the list, and it’s previously topped the roster.
Since the vast majority of those sales were likely on the newly-available vinyl edition, it makes sense that Cowboy Carter would also find its way back to the Vinyl Albums chart. On that ranking of the bestselling full-lengths on the format, Beyoncé lands at No. 24, narrowly breaking back onto the 25-spot list. Just like on the Top Album Sales roster, the latest from the superstar has also previously ruled this tally.
While Cowboy Carter is succeeding thanks to its sales count, it’s a non-mover on the Billboard 200. This time around, it sits still at No. 18. All those purchases kept the project afloat, as total consumption of the project is down by more than 7%.
Cowboy Carter declines on three other Billboard charts, as sales weren’t enough to keep it climbing. Beyoncé’s new blockbuster falls slightly on the Top Streaming Albums, Top Country Albums, and Top Americana/Folk Albums lists.