A lot rides on the decision.

													By
												

	Paul Grein


	One of the very best problems an artist can have is having to decide which of their many hits to enter in the Grammy competition for record of the year. (They can enter them all, but most artists and their camps are aware that it’s a far better strategy to select what you think is your strongest entry, rather than running the very real risk of splitting your votes.)

Sabrina Carpenter had three strong choices – “Espresso,” her breakthrough smash; “Please Please Please,” her first No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100; and “Taste,” her current smash. Her camp went with “Espresso.”

	










Billie Eilish had two top five hits on the Hot 100 during the eligibility year – the sexually provocative “Lunch” and the pretty ballad “Birds of a Feather.” Her camp went with “Birds of a Feather.” Eilish has a strong history in this category. She won record of the year two years running 2020-21 with “bad guy” and “Everything I Wanted.” She is one of only three acts in Grammy history (following Roberta Flack and U2) to win in that high-profile category two years in a row. This would be Eilish’s fifth nomination in this category.




			Trending on Billboard		






Taylor Swift had many hits during the year, but there was little question that her camp would select “Fortnight,” her collab with Post Malone that entered the Hot 100 at No. 1 in May, becoming her 12th No. 1 hit. And that is indeed her pick. It’s vying to become Swift’s sixth nomination in this category (a category she has yet to win).

	It’s also not surprising that Ariana Grande’s camp went with “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love)” rather than her previous hit, “Yes, And?” Both singles entered the Hot 100 at No. 1, becoming her eighth and ninth No. 1 hits, but “We Can’t Be Friends” sustained on the chart longer. This is vying to become Grande’s second nomination in this category, following “7 Rings.”

	Nor is it surprising that Beyoncé went with “Texas Hold ’Em” rather than “II Most Wanted,” her collab with Miley Cyrus, or “Jolene.” “Texas Hold Em” became her ninth No. hit on the Hot 100. It’s vying to become Bey’s ninth nomination in this category (a category she, like Swift, has yet to win).

	Here are the records other artists who had multiple top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot 100 chose to represent them in the Grammy record of the year competition:

	










Future: “Like That,” his Hot 100-topping collab with Metro Boomin and Kendrick Lamar.

21 Savage: “Redrum.”

	There were a few surprises in the record of the year submissions. Megan Thee Stallion is entered for “Mamushi” (featuring Yuki Chiba) rather than her No. 1 smash “Hiss.” J. Cole is entered with “H.Y.B.” (featuring Bas and Central Cee) rather than his top 10 hit “7 Minute Drill.”

Teddy Swims is entered with an alternate version of his No. 1 smash “Lose Control,” because the original version was released prior to this eligibility year. He is entered with “Lose Control (The Village Sessions).”

	A few artists who had top 10 hits during the year aren’t entered in the category at all, including Zach Bryan (“Pink Skies”), Drake (“Family Matters”) and Cardi B (“Enough (Miami)”).

	First-round voting opened Friday (Oct. 4). Voters have until Oct. 15 to make their choices. Nominations will be announced on Nov. 8. Final-round voting runs from Dec. 12 through Jan. 3. The winners will be revealed on Feb. 2 at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.