By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:07, 26 June 2024   |  Updated:  22:15, 26 June 2024   
 24
View  comments
Rob Kardashian's ex-fiancee Blac Chyna and her boyfriend Derrick Milano were spotted looking loved up on a date night at the upscale restaurant Casalena in Woodland Hills, California on Tuesday.
The couple packed on the PDAs and posed in classic 'prom poses' for the photographers.
Chyna – who has been re-embracing her real identity of Angela White – looked gorgeous with her long blonde spiral curls.
The Cash Only singer, 36, wore black leather leggings, a black jacket and black boots with sky high stiletto heels.
Milano coordinated with his lady in black pants, a short-sleeved black shirt and a white ball cap with a black brim. 
Blac Chyna and her boyfriend Derrick Milano were spotted looking loved up on a date night in Woodland Hills
Milano coordinated with his lady in black pants, a short-sleeved black shirt and a white ball cap with a black brim as he went in for a kiss
Derrick is a rapper and songwriter who won a Grammy for co-writing the Beyoncé remix of Megan Thee Stallion's Savage.
The rappers have been dating since September when they announced their relationship on their respective Instagram accounts. 
Derrick posted a sweet picture of himself sweeping Chyna off her feet as she popped one of her legs up and shot a radiant smile at the camera.
'It hits different when you find your best friend & lover at the same time,' the crooner said in his caption. 'Love you Angela.'
The rapper, 30, grew up in Philadelphia and Delaware, before moving to Florida to study entertainment studies at Full Sail University. 
Chyna previously dated Tyga for three years after meeting on the set of his music video Rack City in 2011.
The exes welcomed their son, King Cairo Stevenson, in 2012, and were briefly engaged, before calling it quits in 2014.
She also dated Rob Kardashian in 2016 and they welcomed their daughter Dream, seven, that same year.
Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian used to be engaged and have daughter Dream together; seen at Onyx Nightclub in Atlanta in 2016 
The couple packed on the PDAs and posed in classic 'prom poses' for the photographers
Chyna – who has been re-embracing her real identity of Angela White – looked gorgeous with her long blonde spiral curls
The Cash Only singer, 36, wore black leather leggings, a black jacket and black boots with sky high stiletto heels
The rappers have been dating since September when they announced their relationship on their respective Instagram accounts
Chyna's daughter Dream is seen bottom with a pal left and Khloe Kardashian's daughter Dream Kardashian right
Last year, Chyna toned down her famous eye-popping curves by undergoing breast and butt reductions.
The OnlyFans star previously admitted to having a list of procedures, including four breast surgeries, liposuction , and a backside enhancement.
Chyna revealed that she never had a Brazilian butt lift but had silicone injections into her backside starting when she was 19-years-old.
After the procedures she said that getting her breasts reduced was 'one of the best decisions I could have done in a very long time.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group