By TERRY ZELLER and CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:41, 21 March 2024   |  Updated:  16:57, 21 March 2024   
 233
View  comments
Megan Fox and Machine Gun Kelly are currently living apart as they work through their relationship issues.
The actress, 37, is staying at her Malibu pad, while the musician, 33, is laying low in their shared Encino home, following news of their engagement being called off, according to a report by Us Weekly on Wednesday. 
'They did this arrangement to give each other some space while still being together,' the outlet's source explained. 'They are at a low moment right now.'
According to the insider, Megan has gone as far as requesting friends to 'set her up' with potential partners.
Despite this, the couple's inner circle remains unconvinced that the romance has reached its conclusion, as per the same source. 
Megan Fox and Machine Gun Kelly are currently living apart as they work through their relationship issues; Megan (L) in 2019, MGK (R) in 2024
'Friends around them don’t see them completely ending the relationship as they truly change their minds every day,' the source noted, adding that Megan 'hasn’t been wearing her ring' lately. 
'Megan has a hard time trusting MGK and knows it’s her own insecurities.' 
However, another US Weekly insider hints that the prospect of a fairy-tale ending may not be within reach for the duo. 
They claim that the couple 'can’t stop fighting with each other,' and the ongoing drama 'could be drawn out for years.'
The report comes after Megan refused to clarify the current status of their relationship during an appearance on Alex Cooper's Call Her Daddy podcast - but she did confirm she and MGK had at some point ended their engagement. 
Fox first began dating the rocker in 2020 before becoming engaged in 2022. But a year later, they sparked split speculation before reconciling. 
'I feel like everyone has such an opinion on your guys relationship. You got engaged, then I think it was called off, then we don't know what's going on with you. How would you describe your relationship with MGK?' Alex Cooper asked.
Megan responded: 'I think that what I've learned from being in this relationship is that it's not for public consumption, so I think as of now, I don't have a comment on like the status of the relationship per say.
'They did this arrangement to give each other some space while still being together,' the outlet's source explained. 'They are at a low moment right now.'; pictured 2023
According to the insider, Megan has gone as far as requesting friends to 'set her up' with potential partners; pictured 2022 
'What I can say is that is what I refer to as being my twin soul and there will always be a tether to him no matter what. I can't say for sure what the capacity will be, but I will always be connected to him somehow.
'Beyond that I'm not willing to explain. But all those things you said were accurate things that have occurred and I can see them being confusing or interesting to people and them being like, "What's up?"'
Her final comment confirmed speculation she had ended her engagement from Kelly.
Megan and MGK met on the set of Midnight In The Switchgrass back in 2020 and began dating that year. 
They never shied their affection for one another in public, often putting on PDA-packed displays wherever they went.
In 2022 they became engaged, and when announcing their betrothal on Instagram, Megan said she and MGK 'drank each other's blood' to celebrate the occasion.
But just over a year later, Megan sensationally hinted she had split from MGK as she shared a cryptic Instagram post before completely deleting her account.
The actress posted a video in which she appeared to burn a letter in a bonfire, along with a bag.
'Friends around them don’t see them completely ending the relationship as they truly change their minds every day,' the source noted, adding that Megan 'hasn’t been wearing her ring' lately; pictured 2024 
Fox, 37, first began dating the rocker in 2020 before becoming engaged in 2022. But a year later, they sparked split speculation before reconciling 
She also uploaded a very raunchy string of mirror selfies while joined by a male pal, in which she put on a busty display in a plunging black top and cut-out trousers.
Megan wrote in her caption, 'You can taste the dishonesty/ it’s all over your breath,' which are lyrics from Beyoncé's 2016 track, Pray You Catch Me, about her husband Jay Z's own affair.
She then removed all traces of Machine Gun Kelly from her Instagram grid, having unfollowed him before deleting her account altogether.
Ultimately they seemed to patch things up and things appear to be all well between them now, with the couple recently seen going on a getaway to Mexico together.
The rapper also recently tattooed his entire upper body in black ink, reportedly to prove to Megan that he is 100% committed to their relationship.
The musician - born Colson Baker - shocked fans when he revealed his new ink just days after Megan, showed off her own new tattoo at the People's Choice Awards.
MGK told fans that the inking was for 'spiritual purposes,' but he reportedly made the change as a 'testament' to his relationship with the Jennifer's Body actress.
'Colson has told Megan that one major reason he did his latest blackout tattoo was not only for a spiritual reason, but he also wanted her to know he did it for her,' an insider told DailyMail.com exclusively.
'He wants her to know that no matter what one does with their own body, they both share each other and his body is her body and he also wants to remove so much confusion from his previous tattoos.
Fox donned a sheer red look for her appearance 
'He wants to move the confusion that ends up in their relationship from time to time and show her he can change for the benefit of himself and their relationship.'
The source explained that MGK is determined to show his dedication to moving forward in a more positive nature as a couple so they can begin to make 'a new love bond.'
The insider added: 'He wanted to let her know that the new ink was also a testament to her and where they can go from here, that as much joy they have had with each other, he wants it to be a blank space and make new memories and make a new love bond with each other.'
They finished: 'It sounds very deep, but it is genuine and Megan is eating it up and loves it.'
Megan Fox and Machine Gun Kelly have become one of Hollywood's most talked about couples since going public with their PDA-packed relationship in early 2020.
And with a wedding around the corner, DailyMail.com is taking a look back at the unlikely duo's whirlwind romance from their first meeting to MGK's surprise proposal.
Whirlwind: Megan Fox and Machine Gun Kelly have become one of Hollywood's most talked about couples since going public with their PDA-packed relationship in early 2020. And with a wedding around the corner, DailyMail.com is taking a look back at the unlikely duo's whirlwind romance from their first meeting to MGK's surprise proposal; Megan and MGK pictured in September 2021
MARCH 2021
Megan and MGK reportedly first met on set of the Randall Emmett-directed feature Midnight in the Switchgrass in March 2020.
The 35-year-old actress and the 31-year-old musician ventured to Puerto Rico to shoot the crime drama with the likes of Bruce Willis and Emile Hirsch. 
Unfortunately, production was shutdown prematurely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Costars: Megan and MGK reportedly first met on set of the Randall Emmett-directed feature Midnight in the Switchgrass in March 2020
MAY 15 2020 
Romance rumors were officially sparked when pictures exclusively obtained by DailyMail.com showed Machine Gun Kelly and Megan grabbing lunch to-go in Calabasas, California.
At the time, Megan was still married to Beverly Hills, 90210 star Brian Austin Green - though the pair were separated at the time.
She did not appear to be wearing a wedding band on her outing with MGK.
A source divulged to E! News that Megan had 'gotten close' to Kelly and that they had 'been hooking up and have been for a little while.' 
MAY 18 2020 
Megan's ex Brian, 48, confirmed that he and the actress were no longer together on an episode of his ...with Brian Austin Green podcast.
He recalled feeling distant from Megan as she went out of the country to film Midnight in the Switchgrass and that her return only made the distance between them more evident. 
'She said, "I realized when I was out of the country working alone that I feel more like myself and I liked myself better during that experience and I think that might be something worth trying for me,"' he recalled of an alleged conversation he'd had with his then-wife.
Split: Megan's ex Brian, 48, confirmed that he and the actress were no longer together on an episode of his ...with Brian Austin Green podcast; Megan and Brian pictured in 2019
Though he was 'shocked' by Megan's honest admission, they agreed to separate.
'We’ve had an amazing relationship and I will always love her and I know she’ll always love me,' Green remarked at the time, adding that they would co-parent amicably and make their children the focus.
They share three sons: Noah, 12; Bodhi, 10; and Journey, eight.  
MAY 20 2020  
Megan and MGK's rumored coupledom was sent into overdrive upon the release of the rocker's Bloody Valentine music video.
In the three-minute and 30-second video, Megan plays a sexy abductor who holds MGK hostage.
The sexual tension between the duo was evident from shot-to-shot but they avoided sharing a kiss or indulging in any other forms of physical affection on screen.
Overdrive: Megan and MGK's rumored coupledom was sent into overdrive upon the release of the rocker's Bloody Valentine music video
Sexual tension: In the three-minute and 30-second video, Megan plays a sexy abductor who holds MGK hostage
JUNE 15 2020
After weeks of speculation and rumors, it was DailyMail.com that exclusively confirmed that Megan and MGK's romance was a-go after they were spotted holding hands and kissing in Sherman Oaks, California.
That same day, Machine Gun Kelly provided his own form of confirmation by referring to Megan as his 'girlfriend' in a tweet citing lyrics from Bloody Valentine.
'"i’m calling you girlfriend, what the f***" life imitated art on that one,' he tweeted.
Confirmed: Machine Gun Kelly provided his own form of confirmation by referring to Megan as his 'girlfriend' in a tweet citing lyrics from Bloody Valentine
JULY 2020
With their love out in the open, Fox and her punk rock boyfriend felt comfortable to go into full relationship mode.
The couple gave their first joint interview on on Lala Kent and Randall Emmett's podcast, Give Them Lala ... With Randall.
Megan recalled meeting her soon-to-be husband for the first time and how she knew right away that he was her 'twin flame.'
She explained: 'Instead of a soulmate, a twin flame is actually where a soul has ascended into a high enough level that it can be split into two different bodies at the same time.
Twin flame: Megan recalled meeting her soon-to-be husband for the first time and how she knew right away that he was her 'twin flame'; Megan and MGK pictured in 2021 
'So we're actually two halves of the same soul, I think. And I said that to him almost immediately, because I felt it right away.'
Megan also revealed to the hosts that she'd asked hung out with MGK in her trailer and that things between them 'went deep right away' after exploring their astrological compatibility.
JULY 28 2020
Machine Gun Kelly made their romance 'Instagram Official' by uploading the couple's first-ever mirror selfie to the platform. 
'waited for eternity to find you again ...,' captioned the Rap Devil hitmaker, followed by a knife, shooting star, and heart emoji.
The photograph was in black-and-white and showed the pair sticking their tongues out for the camera.
Instagram Official: Machine Gun Kelly made their romance 'Instagram Official' by uploading the couple's first-ever mirror selfie to the platform
AUGUST 5 2020
Megan's supposed 'amicable' split from ex Brian Austin Green was called into question after a post she shared to Instagram appeared to rile up the actor.
The Transformers actress uploaded a steamy snap of herself and Machine Gun Kelly fresh out of the pool with towels wrapped around their waists.
In her caption, she called MGK an 'Achingly Beautiful Boy' and declared that her 'heart is [his].'
Megan's supposed 'amicable' split from ex Brian Austin Green was called into question after a post she shared to Instagram appeared to rile up the actor. In her caption, she called MGK an 'Achingly Beautiful Boy' and declared that her 'heart is [his]'
Later in the day, Green used Fox's exact words to caption snaps of their three sons, as well as his 19-year-old son Kassius, on Twitter.
The apparent dig raised eyebrows since, just days prior, Brian had wished his ex 'the absolute best in everything' and even said he wanted 'her to be completely happy for her and for the kids,' as per the Hollywood Raw podcast.
Petty: Later in the day, Green used Fox's exact words to caption snaps of their three sons, as well as his 19-year-old son Kassius, on Twitter
SEPTEMBER 2020
Despite any behind-the-scenes drama, Megan and MGK's romance pushed on and the rocker openly discussed their relationship during an appearance on the Howard Stern Show.
Specifically, the Home singer admitted that he 'didn't know what [true love] was until me and [Megan] made eye contact.'
In relation to his hit record Tickets To My Downfall, MGK explained that he'd fallen in love with Megan after making most of the album's songs had been written and recorded.
'That was my first experience with being open to love and stuff like that. I definitely wasn't set up to believe that that's something that could ever exist.' 
Opening up: Despite any behind-the-scenes drama, Megan and MGK's romance pushed on and the rocker openly discussed their relationship during an appearance on the Howard Stern Show; Megan and MGK pictured in September 2020
OCTOBER 2020
After five months of dating, a source confirmed to People that Megan had finally introduced her three sons to Machine Gun Kelly.
'He recently met her kids for the first time. Megan thought it was a natural step, since they are getting more serious. They are in a committed relationship and it's not just a fling. They are planning a future together,' the source explained. 
NOVEMBER 22 2020
Megan and MGK, six-months into their whirlwind romance, made their red carpet debut at the 2020 American Music Awards in Los Angeles, California.
During the ceremony, the musician performed Bloody Valentine while Fox supported him from the audience.
Red carpet debut: Megan and MGK, six-months into their whirlwind romance, made their red carpet debut at the 2020 American Music Awards in Los Angeles, California (pictured)
DECEMBER 2020 - APRIL 2021
As the months went on, Megan and MGK indulged in countless date nights and rumors of a potential engagement began to swirl.
While some appeared optimistic of the major relationship milestone, many sources alleged that Megan was not focused on jumping into another marriage so soon after her split from her husband of a decade.
She'd also be introduced to MGK's 12-year-old daughter Casie, who he shares with childhood girlfriend Emma Cannon. 
MAY 23 2021
The couple made another memorable red carpet appearance at the 2021 Billboard Music Awards in Los Angeles, California.
Megan left little to the imagination in a skimpy black cut-out dress with a sheer ankle-length skirt.
Most notably, the pair took their PDA up a notch by licking tongues in front of shutterbugs on the red carpet before heading into the venue. 
Sizzling: The couple made another memorable red carpet appearance at the 2021 Billboard Music Awards in Los Angeles, California (pictured)
MAY 25 2021
Machine Gun Kelly finally solidified a timeline of the pair's relationship by confirming that they'd first said 'I love you' to one another on May 26, 2020.
'She said "I love you" one year ago today,' tweeted the star. 
Clarification: Machine Gun Kelly finally solidified a timeline of the pair's relationship by confirming that they'd first said 'I love you' to one another on May 26, 2020
OCTOBER 2021
Megan and Machine Gun Kelly further immortalized their hot and heavy romance with a steamy cover shoot for British GQ Style.
Along with the sizzling shots, the couple spoke candidly about their relationship and how it one of both 'ecstasy and agony.'
Megan explained: 'This is a very intense relationship. Our souls chose this to absolutely have to face our shadow selves; to face things about ourselves we didn't want to have to know, that we tried to push away.
'It should be light, but also we go to hell with each other.'
MGK added: 'I don't want people to think anything's perfect with us. I didn't say it was the darkest fairytale for no reason.' 
Power couple: Megan and Machine Gun Kelly further immortalized their hot and heavy romance with a steamy cover shoot for British GQ Style
JANUARY 11 2022
After a year-and-a-half together, Machine Gun Kelly got down on one knee and asked Megan for her hand in marriage.
He'd taken the actress back to the place where they first 'fell in love' and presented her with engagement RINGS he'd designed in collaboration with Stephen Webster.
Engaged! After a year-and-a-half together, Machine Gun Kelly got down on one knee and asked Megan for her hand in marriage
'The emerald (her birth stone) and the diamond (my birth stone) set on two magnetic bands of thorns that draw together as two halves of the same soul forming the obscure heart that is our love,' he explained on Instagram while announcing their engagement on January 12.
Megan uploaded a video of their proposal to her own Instagram, and admitted her caption that they'd celebrated the occasion by 'drinking each other’s blood.' 
Custom creation: He'd taken the actress back to the place where they first 'fell in love' and presented her with engagement RINGS he'd designed in collaboration with Stephen Webster
Megan looked sensational as she was spotted with her fiancée at Drake's Super Bowl Party in Arizona ahead of the big game.
The Jennifer's Body star showed off her enviable figure as she stunned in a plunging black ensemble with a daringly low neckline and keyhole waist cut-outs.
Megan put on a very sexy display as the couple held hands at the star-studded bash at Hanger 1 in Scottsdale ahead of Superbowl LVII
Megan looked sensational as she was spotted with her fiancée at Drake's Super Bowl Party in Arizona ahead of the big game
Just hours after their Super Bowl party appearance, Megan sparked split speculation after sharing a cryptic post before completely deleting the platform.
The actress posted a video in which she appeared to burn a letter in a bonfire, along with a bag.
She also uploaded a very raunchy string of mirror selfies while joined by a male pal, in which she put on a busty display in a plunging black top and cut-out trousers. 
Megan wrote in her caption, 'You can taste the dishonesty/ it’s all over your breath,' which are lyrics from Beyoncé's 2016 track, Pray You Catch Me, about her husband Jay Z's own affair.
She then removed all traces of Machine Gun Kelly from her Instagram grid, having unfollowed him before deleting her account altogether.
Megan sparks split speculation after sharing a cryptic post before completely deleting the platform
MGK's guitarist Sophie Lloyd got dragged into the drama as fans speculated he cheated on Megan with her.
One fan posted in Megan's final post: 'He probably got with Sophie', suggesting Kelly had cheated on her.
Fox jokingly hit back: 'Maybe I got with Sophie', along with a fire emoji. 
Lloyd went on to release a statement in which she called the rumors of an affair 'meritless' and 'disrespectful.'
'Sophie Lloyd is a professional, accomplished musician who has been needlessly dragged into the media based off of meritless accusations made by social media,' read the statement, which was provided to Page Six.
'Any suggestion that she has ever acted in an unprofessional manner or stepped out of her relationship are untrue. It's disrespectful to her as a female artist and poor journalism and social commentary to be reporting anything else.'
Megan later absolved Sophie of any wrongdoing as she defended the guitarist in a lengthy comment posted to one of the guitarist's Instagram posts.
She wrote that she had made 'a joke in order to absolve this girl of a hurtful accusation,' which 'somehow turned into a confirmation of it' in the minds of fans.
MGK's guitarist Sophie Lloyd got dragged into the drama as fans speculated he cheated on Megan with her
After the dramatic Instagram activity, an insider claimed Megan had removed her engagement ring after getting into an argument with Kelly during Super Bowl weekend. 
Fox got 'into a fight over the weekend' with Machine Gun Kelly and is now 'very upset' with him, a source told People.
Megan is also reportedly no longer speaking with the rocker and has taken off her engagement ring. However, the couple have not 'officially' ended their engagement.
'They haven't officially called off the engagement but Megan took her ring off,' the source said. 'They have had issues in the past, but things seem pretty serious this time.' The report did not indicate what they were arguing about.
The couple were seen leaving a marriage counseling office in California amid mounting split speculation and cheating rumors.
The actress looked tense as she stepped out of the building with her on-off fiancé.
Megan appeared emotional as she wiped her eyes with her hand while leaving the building while a pensive MGK followed closely behind.
At the end of February, Page Six reported that the lovebirds had been having daily couples therapy sessions over Zoom. 
After the dramatic Instagram activity, an insider claimed Megan had removed her engagement ring after getting into an argument with Kelly; pictured in June 2022
Megan insisted there was absolutely no cheating involved following speculation fiance Machine Gun Kelly had been unfaithful in their relationship.
Fox set the record straight in a statement posted to her Instagram account, writing:  'There has been no third party interference in this relationship of any kind. That includes, but is not limited to...actual humans, DMs, AI bots, or succubus demons.
'While I do hate to rob you of running random baseless news stories that would have been much more accurately written by ChatGPT, you need to let this story die and leave all of these innocent people alone now.' 
The statement came after Page Six claimed Fox found direct messages and text messages on MGK's phone which led her to believe that he was having affair. 
The Transformers actress was spotted riding solo and not wearing her engagement ring at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party.
She looked dazzling in a chandelier diamond necklace but, most noticeably, was spotted without the double engagement ring personally designed by her beau. 
No ring, no problem! The Transformers actress was spotted riding solo and not wearing her engagement ring at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party
In another update on their relationship, it had been reported that their relationship was still on the rocks and might need a 'significant breakthrough' in order to work.
'[Megan] isn't sure where things stand with Colson, and it's complicated at the moment. They’re still working on their relationship because the love they had was the real deal,' a source told Us Weekly.
'That’s not something that just goes away overnight. However, they would need to have a significant breakthrough to make things work. It’s all up in the air right now.'
The duo are 'on a break' and have put a pause to their wedding planning in order to work on their issues according to a new report.
The couple are said to be taking a sabbatical from their relationship but are still in communication according to sources for Us Weekly.
Insiders told the publication: 'Megan and MGK are currently on a break but are still in contact. They are very hot and cold.'
A source claimed: 'They have stalled wedding planning to work on their issues.
'Their relationship is pretty volatile at the moment. They are currently off, but still texting each other.'
In another update on their relationship, it had been reported that their relationship was still on the rocks and might need a 'significant breakthrough' in order to work; pictured December 2022
NOVEMBER 2024: MEGAN AND MGK ANNOUNCE PREGNANCY
On November 11, Megan announced that she  is pregnant and expecting her first child with fiance MGK.
The star debuted her bump in an edgy shoot showing her covered in black paint as she cradled her stomach.
The post was captioned: 'nothing is ever really lost. welcome back.' She added an angel and heart emoji to the caption.
Megan is already a mother of three - she shares sons Noah, 12; Bodhi, 10; and Journey, eight, with her ex-husband Brian Austin Green. This will also be Machine Gun Kelly's second child - he has daughter Casie Colson Baker, 15, with ex Emma Cannon.
Her pregnancy announcement comes a year after she revealed she suffered a miscarriage with MGK.
On November 11, Megan announced that she is pregnant and expecting her first child with fiance MGK 
LATE NOVEMBER 2024: MEGAN AND MGK SPLIT AGAIN
Fox and MGK ended their romance over Thanksgiving weekend while together in Vail, Colorado.
The Transformers star is around six months pregnant and is set to welcome their child in March.
The pair are said to have split less than two weeks after the pregnancy reveal after Fox 'found material on MGK’s phone that was upsetting, and it made her want him to leave the trip early.'
The musician then left the trip early and the exes have not seen each other since. 
When she pushed the limits of red carpet PDA by grabbing his crouch at the 2021 Billboard Music Awards
While the pair are known to push the limits of PDA, the 31-year-old rapper and  Transformers star, 35, raised eyebrows as they groped each other on the red carpet at the 2021 Billboard Music Awards.
Additionally, the mom-of-three caused quite the stir grabbed his crotch in front of photographers while rocking a barely-there gown with bold cut-outs. 
At one As they smooched, onlookers were able to catch a glimpse of Kelly's tongue, which was dyed black.
Raunchy: While the pair are known to push the limits of PDA, the couple raised eyebrows as they groped each other at the 2021 Billboard Music Awards
Announcing they wear vials of each other's blood around their necks 
Kelly revealed last Valentine's Day that he wears girlfriend Fox's blood around his neck in a vial. 
Months later, while explaining the bizarre romantic gesture, the punk rocker said 'the decision was prompted by distance when she was set to travel to Bulgaria to film a movie.'
'Some people give, like, a handkerchief to their partner or whatever...she gave me her DNA,' he told to Ellen DeGeneres, before removing it from his pocket
Grand gesture: 'Some people give, like, a handkerchief to their partner or whatever...she gave me her DNA,' he said before removing it from his pocket
 Megan pointed a gun at  MGK's crotch during their joint magazine debut 
They caused major buzz with their joint magazine cover debut on GQ Style's 2021 Autum/ Winter issue.
In the bold black and white image, Fox posed nearly naked while pointing a gun below her man's belt. 
Looking unfazed, Kelly stares directly at the camera while rocking an oversized blazer. 
Eye-catching: They caused major buzz with their joint magazine cover debut on GQ Style's 2021 Autum/ Winter issue
 He admitted to hanging posters of her on his bedroom walls as a teen    
Machine Gun Kelly revealed he had posters of Fox hanging on his bedroom wall as a teenager and reportedly vowed to marry her, years before they met. 
Speaking with reporter Wesley Lowery over FaceTime, he talked called it 'some full-circle s**t' that the woman on his walls ended up becoming his fiancée. 
'That's some full-circle s**t': As fate would have it, the woman on the poster hung to the walls of his teenage bedroom would become his fiancée
When she wrote referred to him as 'rehab barbie' in a love poem
The same day her man told the world about their blood vials, Fox shared a love poem about her other half. 
She mused: 'there goes my heart. manifest outside of my body. draped in the towering silhouette of a most unusually handsome boy.
'magical and haunted. kinetic and tortured. ethereal and dangerous. cosmic. lawless. eternal. creative genius. the journey will likely be perilous. but there is no destination without him. happy valentine's day rehab barbie.'
Handsome boy: She mused: 'there goes my heart. manifest outside of my body. draped in the towering silhouette of a most unusually handsome boy' 
When she called him 'daddy' and said he wasn't 'allowed to have other hoes' in his future music videos
The Jennifer's Body actress revealed she chose to wear a see-through gown to the 2021 MTV Video Music Awards after getting the suggestion from Kelly.
'He was like, 'You're gonna be naked tonight,' she told ET on the red carpet. 'I was like, 'Whatever you say, daddy!' Whatever daddy says.' 
That same night she said he was not 'allowed to have other hoes' in his music videos anymore
'Whatever you say, daddy!': The Jennifer's Body actress revealed she chose to wear a see-through gown to the 2021 MTV Video Music Awards after getting the suggestion from Kelly
 Machine Gun Kelly's reveals his foot fetish
The  musician (born Colson Baker) raised eyebrows after raving his bride-to-be has the 'most beautiful feet' in existence after revealing his foot fetish.
'It's no secret. I think feet are beautiful,' he told Teen Vogue in July 2020. 'And I think Megan has the most beautiful feet that exist.' 
He added: 'I was like, 'Megan, you already know what I'm about to ask you. And she was like, 'Yea, I literally got a pedicure just 'cause I knew you were gonna ask me that.'
In one eye-catching scene from his Bloody Valentine music video, she steps on the Nerve actor's face.  
Bizarre: In one eye-catching scene from Machine Gun Kelly's Bloody Valentine music video, his bride-to-be steps on the Nerve actor's face
Calling themselves 'twin flames' not soulmates
Megan - who confirmed she had split with husband Brian Austin Green in May after nearly 10 years of marriage - said she knew 'something was going to come of' them getting cast in the film Midnight in the Switchgrass. 
'I just felt it like, deep in my soul - that something was going to come from that. So then, we met on set,' Megan recalled on the podcast Give Them Lala... With Randall.  
She explained: 'I knew right away that he was what I call a twin flame. Instead of a soul mate, a twin flame is actually where a soul has ascended into a high enough level that it can be split into two different bodies at the same time.'
'So we're actually two halves of the same soul, I think. And I said that to him almost immediately, because I felt it right away.'
Fate: She knew 'something was going to come of' them getting cast in the film Midnight in the Switchgrass together (pictured 2020)
Her first words to him were: 'You smell like weed' 
The first time they met, she claims she couldn't see his face because their 'spirit guides' were 'luring [them] away from each other.'  
She still managed to tell him he smelled 'like weed,' to which he replied: 'I am weed.'
After the brief exchange, she claimed: 'Then, I swear to God, he disappeared like a ninja in a smoke bomb.'  
'I think we weren't allowed to see each other yet. We weren't supposed to run into each other that night, so our souls, our spirit guides, were luring us away from each other, because you literally had no face, like that thing from Spirited Away,' Fox, who was still married at the time, insisted. 
She concluded: 'It is hard to see his face in general, but really he had no face that night. Thank God, [because] what torture had I known [he was] there and I couldn't get to [him]. It was better that I didn't know.' 
All in the timing: The first time they met, she claims she couldn't see his face because their 'spirit guides' were 'luring [them] away from each other' 
Megan hinting they had sex on the kitchen table of their Airbnb 
The performer made it pretty clear to her followers that she and her then-beau made the most of their time staying in a $30k-a-month Airbnb. 
'When I tell you that the table at this air bnb saw some things,' Fox captioned the photos.
Her man commented: 'I'm really glad that's not our table anymore.' 
Getting frisky: The performer made it pretty clear to her followers that she and her then-beau made the most of their time staying in a $30k-a-month Airbnb
 Megan's odd nicknames for him include 'cookie,' 'Buddha,' and 'booby'
'I call him 'cookie,' I call him 'Buddha,' I call him 'booby,'' Megan told Fox 5 New York. 'There's lots of names.' 
'I call him 'cookie,' I call him 'Buddha,' I call him 'booby,'' Megan told Fox 5 New York . 'There's lots of names' (seen last year as Kelly carried her into the SNL studios)
Fox compared their love to a tsunami 
Fox said their union was a 'once in a lifetime thing' and a connection of 'mythic proportions.'
'Loving him is like being in love with a tsunami or a forest fire,' she gushed. 'The intensity of merging with him is just overwhelming, and the threat it poses is so powerful but so beautiful that you have no choice to surrender with reverence and with gratitude.' 
The One: Fox said their union was a 'once in a lifetime thing' and a connection of 'mythic proportions' (pictured last May) 
They swam with sharks in Bora Bora on their second date 
There was nothing tame about their first few dates, which including scaling a roof during their first and swimming with sharks on their second. 
"She loves nature, she's like very in tune with the Earth, and I'm scared of sharks, so we went swimming with sharks," he said during an appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show last May. 
When they french kissed at the MTV Video Awards
While these two are no strangers to major PDA, they caught some viewers at the MTV Video Awards off guard as they french kissed in September. 
Happy in love: While these two are no strangers to major PDA, they caught some viewers at the MTV Video Awards off guard as they french kissed in September
Their date night with Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker
The couples are great friends, but definitely left  fans stunned with made out with their respective partners in a bathroom.  
BFFs: The couples are great friends, but definitely left fans stunned with made out with their respective partners in a bathroom; seen last year

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group