Jordan Chiles, who has been part of two Olympic medal-winning gymnastics teams in Tokyo and Paris, will have a chance Monday to win an individual medal of her own.
After being a vital part of the United States' team gold medal last week, Chiles will compete in her first individual event of the Paris Olympics -- the floor exercise final on Monday.
The women's floor exercise final is scheduled for Aug. 5 at 8:23 a.m. ET. Chiles will compete in the floor exercise final at Bercy Arena. 
Watch NBC 4 free wherever you are
In addition to the team gold in Paris, Chiles also was a part of the silver-winning team at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Get Tri-state area news delivered to your inbox with NBC New York's News Headlines newsletter.
Since the 2020 Olympics, Chiles has been a fan (and celebrity) favorite.
During team final, performing her usual floor routine to a medley of Beyoncé songs, Chiles scored a 13.966 to put the United States on the brink of winning the women's gymnastics team final.
Watch all the action from the Paris Olympic and Paralympic Games live on Peacock
Leading up to the Olympics, Chiles wore a leotard that she was inspired to design after seeing an outfit Beyoncé wore during her world tour. Prior to the start of the Olympics, the singer sent Chiles an autographed vinyl with a handwritten message, calling the gymnast her "twin."
Rapper Megan Thee Stallion gave Chiles some major kudos during her balance beam routine en route to Team USA winning gold in the women’s team event on Tuesday. 
“You Killing it my girl,” Megan Thee Stallion took to her Instagram story.
Over the past month, Chiles has been recognized by many stars in different walks of life, including Beyoncé and Michael Jordan.
Chiles has also hinted she'll be making a big "announcement" about her future on Tuesday, Aug. 6 after she finishes competing in Paris and it may involve returning to her alma mater UCLA and the gymnastics team here, according to olympics.com.
"I know floor is coming up. That's my main focus, but you never know. You never know. I might have the four letters [UCLA] across my chest. You might see me in '28," Chiles told olympics.com. "As of right now, I think my main focus is kind of just finishing floor because this is my first time ever being in an event final. I'm really excited about that.
Jordan Chiles has one remaining event in Paris, the women's floor exercise finals at 8:20 a.m. on Monday, Aug. 5.
Aug. 5 - Women's balance beam finals: The women's balance beam finals begins at 6:36 a.m. ET/3:36 a.m. PT on Monday, Aug. 5. The event will air on E! and Peacock.
Aug. 5 - Women's floor exercise finals: The women's floor exercise final begins at 8:20 a.m. ET/5:20 a.m. on Monday, Aug. 5. The event will air on NBC and Peacock.
Most of the gymnastics events will air live on NBC and Peacock. Some will also air on E!. If you miss the live airing of the event, most, if not all, will reair each night in Primetime in Paris on NBC starting at 8 p.m. ET, except Sundays when coverage starts at 7 p.m.