ByDanielle Chemtob
andForbes Daily
ByDanielle Chemtob,
 Forbes Staff 
andForbes Daily,
 Forbes Staff. 
Good morning,
Nvidia isn’t the only semiconductor giant enjoying the artificial intelligence frenzy. Shares of Broadcom surged 12% Thursday to an all-time high, after the company topped forecasts for quarterly profits and sales thanks largely to a 280% year-over-year jump in its AI business.
The company designs the semiconductor chips in products like iPhones and produces other high-tech offerings like data center storage. Its valuation grew to about $780 billion, making it the 11th-largest company in the world despite being relatively unknown to most Americans.
In fact, Broadcom tacked on almost as much value as the entire market cap of legacy Silicon Valley company Intel this week.
Let’s get into the headlines,
Tesla CEO Elon Musk
Tesla shares rallied Thursday to their highest level since April after CEO Elon Musk announced shareholders approved his controversial $50 billion compensation package. The approval wiped away an estimated $20 to $25 per share “overhang” on Tesla’s share price, according to Wedbush analysts, and also alleviated concerns that Musk might divert his focus and leave Tesla to pursue AI ventures. Despite a 10% increase since Tuesday, Tesla’s share price is still down 24% for the year.
MORE: Shareholders voted to approve Musk’s pay package Thursday, but unfortunately for the world’s wealthiest individual, it doesn’t settle the legal dispute over the compensation package. A lengthy appeal of a Delaware ruling voiding the award is likely to follow, and the fate of Musk’s stock options, which would be worth more than the fortunes of all but 27 of the world’s richest people, will ultimately send his net worth soaring or sinking by tens of billions of dollars.
GameStop’s annual shareholder meeting Thursday was postponed due to technical difficulties with its livestream, after the hosting company said it was overwhelmed by the number of people trying to access the meeting. There’s been a surge in interest in the video game retailer since meme stock trader Keith Gill returned to social media last month.
The $489 billion Saudi Aramco is the world’s biggest oil company, and CEO Amin Nasser oversees the production of more than 12 million barrels per day of oil and gas. He declared this year that the age of fossil fuels is far from over, yet surprisingly, the company is already one of the world’s biggest investors in the low-carbon transition. Nasser has dedicated 10% of its $50 billion a year in capital spending to renewables and launched the Aramco New Energies division.
Christina Lewis has been an inheritor and client of wealth management firms for 30 years and is applying what she's learned to Beatrice Advisors.
Christina Lewis, whose father Reginald Lewis achieved fame and fortune with a $985 million buyout of food conglomerate Beatrice International Foods in 1987, launched a multifamily office called Beatrice Advisors on Thursday to help families like hers. Beatrice will be the first business of its kind to be owned by a Black woman. 
The hunt for available data-center space is driving AI companies to purchase capacity from cryptocurrency miners—they have the required hardware and are seeking more profitable applications for it. Core Scientific, one of the largest publicly traded bitcoin miners, emerged from bankruptcy in January and has spent June with its stock in an updraft, more than doubling to $9.57 a share. It saw a 10% boost on Wednesday as it announced an increase in capacity for the high-performance computing that underpins AI.
The Supreme Court ruled Thursday that anti-abortion rights medical groups do not have standing to challenge the legality of abortion drug mifepristone, delivering a win to abortion rights advocates—but the ruling is unlikely to end the legal battle over the pill’s future. The court’s ruling sent the case back to the lower courts without dismissing it entirely, and the legal group behind the lawsuit suggested Thursday three GOP-led states are likely to continue the case.
Wall Street Journal reporter Evan Gershkovich
Wall Street Journal reporter Evan Gershkovich will stand trial in a Russian court on allegations of espionage, including claims he gathered information about a Russian military facility for the CIA, Russian court officials said Thursday. The trial will likely be held behind closed doors because the case involves classified materials, according to the Wall Street Journal, which called the accusations false and said that the paper, the U.S. government, and Gershkovich all “vehemently deny” prosecutors’ claims.
Pope Francis is set to attend the G7 summit on Friday and is expected to urge world leaders to adopt AI regulations, becoming the first pope to participate in the summit of leaders. The Pope has spoken about the subject several times in the past, including after AI-generated deepfake images of the Pope in a white puffer jacket and bedazzled crucifix—dubbed the “Balenciaga Pope”—went viral last year.
Boeing said it is inspecting a quality issue with undelivered 787 Dreamliner aircraft after finding hundreds of fasteners were incorrectly installed, the latest manufacturing issue for the aerospace firm as it faces increased scrutiny from regulators over safety. There is no concern about the issue affecting flight safety, according to Boeing, which said it will determine whether any rework is needed on undelivered aircraft in its inventory.
Many stores offer customers the opportunity to support various charities at the register, often by rounding up on their purchase. But a flurry of memes and social media posts are fueling misinformation about charity at the checkout, suggesting stores are misleading customers to prop up the company’s own tax returns with charitable deductions. That’s not true: Donations made by customers at checkout are not tax-deductible for the store or business.
LinkedIn announced new AI tools for those with paid subscriptions that the networking site says will optimize users’ job application materials, including résumés and cover letters. The move comes as more job seekers use artificial intelligence tools to get themselves to the top of the applicant pile, like Grammarly for cover letter proofreading or résumé building products like Rezi.
Binance founder Changpeng Zhao
TOPLINE Prison has been good to Binance founder Changpeng Zhao. Already the richest person to go behind bars and the wealthiest person in crypto many times over, Zhao’s net worth has soared since he became a felon.
Forbes now estimates that he is worth $61 billion, making him the 24th richest person in the world, just after Julia Koch and family.
CZ’s upward revision has two components. First, his 90% equity stake in Binance, the large crypto exchange, is still valued at $33 billion despite CZ stepping down as CEO in November 2023 as part of a settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice in which he pled guilty to anti-money laundering and sanctions violations. His company also paid a $4.3 billion fine to the government. However, the impact on Zhao’s personal wealth was less severe, since he only had to pay a $50 million fine. In the six months since his plea, Binance actually increased its dominance among crypto exchanges worldwide in terms of trading volume.
The big change to CZ’s net worth comes from Forbes' discovery of his personal holdings in his exchange-issued token BNB, which we estimate to be 94 million tokens or 64% of the total 147.5 million BNB tokens in circulation. Forbes estimates that Binance owns 71% of the BNB supply. Despite the exchange’s legal woes, BNB has been on a tear in 2024, surging 100% far outpacing other top cryptos such as bitcoin (54%), ether (53%), and solana (49%). BNB recently hit an all-time high of $714, giving it a market capitalization of $110 billion.
Binance coin or BNB initially launched in 2017 as a fundraising tool for CZ to launch his new exchange. Tokens like BNB are created by the developers running the crypto projects and are essentially more like airline loyalty miles than actual equity shares in a company, though they trade on crypto exchanges like stocks and are sought after by investors.
WHY IT MATTERS “The upward revision of CZ’s wealth is important because it sheds an important light on how much control Changpeng Zhao still has over Binance and the BNB ecosystem, despite his efforts at obfuscation and being in prison with no formal role in the company,” say Javier Paz, director of data and analytics for Forbes Digital Assets, and Steven Ehrlich, Director of Digital Asset Research. “It also validates the critical role that exchange tokens such as BNB play in the overall ecosystem and why it is important for investors to better understand this multibillion asset class.”
MORE Binance Founder Changpeng Zhao Sentenced To 4 Months In Prison
It’s cheaper to fly both domestically and internationally this Fourth of July weekend compared to last year, according to data from travel booking site Priceline, and many of this year’s trending destinations are known for their connection to nature:
$308: The average domestic round-trip flight for the long weekend, compared to $639 for international travel
40%: How much searches for rental cars have surged in nature-focused locations like South Lake Tahoe, California, Denver and Salt Lake City
4: How many of the TSA’s 10 highest-volume travel days of all time occurred in July, the most of any month
Many of us have probably wondered if generative AI chatbots like ChatGPT might replace us at work, but has anyone thought to ask ChatGPT which jobs it's coming for? When given that prompt, ChatGPT responded with these at-risk roles: customer service representative, translator, social media manager, market research analyst and personal finance advisor, among others.
Eminem’s new single “Houdini” hit No. 1 on Billboard’s Digital Song Sales chart this week, and the rapper has now led that ranking 12 separate times, tying him with K-pop legends BTS. Which artist was Eminem previously tied with?
A. Beyoncé
B. Taylor Swift
C. Rihanna
D. Katy Perry
Check your answer.
Want to keep up with the latest on all things tax? Forbes senior writer Kelly Phillips Erb is covering it all in our newest newsletter, Tax Breaks. You can sign up here.