President Biden again marked Transgender Day of Remembrance last month with a statement decrying violence against trans people. “There should be no place for hate in America — and yet too many transgender Americans, including young people, are cruelly targeted and face harassment simply for being themselves.”
On the same day, Republican House Speaker Mike Johnson issued a statement banning trans people from using “single-sex facilities” at the US Capitol and House office buildings that match their gender identity. That came days after Republican Representative Nancy Mace of South Carolina demanded that Democratic Representative-elect Sarah McBride of Delaware, the first out trans person elected to Congress, be prohibited from using women’s restrooms, changing rooms, and locker rooms.
In a political climate seething with hostility toward transgender and gender-nonconforming people, Mace’s timing probably wasn’t a coincidence. Those who hate trans people are emboldened by Donald Trump’s return to the White House next month. There’s also the distinct possibility that the conservative-led Supreme Court won’t block state bans on gender-affirming care for anyone under 18.
So far this year, the American Civil Liberties Union has tracked 559 anti-LGBTQ bills, many of them targeting trans rights. Its website states, “While not all of these bills will become law, they all cause harm for LGBTQ people.” That demonization inspires lethal violence.
Advertisement
According to the Human Rights Campaign, the nation’s largest LGBTQ organization, at least 30 transgender and gender-nonconforming people have been killed nationwide and in Puerto Rico this year. About 77 percent were people of color; 53 percent of them were Black trans women. The true numbers are often higher because victims are misgendered or “deadnamed” — identified by a birth name they no longer use — in police reports and news accounts.
Advertisement
For another tragic year, I will devote several of my columns this month to sharing the names and brief stories of trans and gender-nonconforming people taken too soon.
Kitty Monroe, 43, on. Jan. 1 in Phoenix: In an interview for “Tales From the Streets,” a YouTube series, Monroe spoke about her love for making art. “I make beautiful things, and they live for hours sometimes and sometimes they deteriorate immediately,” she said. “But the illusion of beauty is wonderful and people are going to see what they want to see.”
África Parrilla García, 25, on Feb. 2 in San Juan, Puerto Rico: Because García was misgendered in initial news reports, it took weeks for her friends to find out that she’d been killed. Anacaona Reyes told El Nuevo Día, a Spanish language newspaper, that she felt “hopeless” after learning of García’s death. “It was like they killed me or a sister,” she said.
Righteous Torrence “Chevy” Hill, 35, on Feb. 28 in East Point, Ga.: When he opened Evollusion, a full-service hair salon in Atlanta, Hill wanted it to be more than a place where customers could get their locs twisted or their nails done. He wanted to “cultivate a space of safety where you can also get the affirming look and style you want, and he did exactly that,” said Yves Mathieu-East, Hill’s friend.
Diamond Cherish Brigman, 36, on March 16 in Houston: A native of Connecticut, Brigman was described by a friend as someone with “a lot of energy” who “was always smiling and personable.” She loved Jennifer Lopez, Beyoncé, and Shakira, and often posted family photos and memories from her childhood on social media.
Advertisement
Alexzia (Alex) Franco, 21, on March 17 in Taylorsville, Utah: An obituary for Franco said that he “lived his life without fear and was compassionate about the people he loved. He stood up for those who needed a friend, a shoulder to cry on, and you could always count on him putting a smile on your face. Alex loved with no conditions or any bounds.”
Meraxes Medina, 24, on March 20 in Los Angeles: Alisha Veneno, a friend, said Medina helped her to be proud of being trans. “Meraxes pushed me out of my comfort zone, and I loved that about her,” Veneno said in an interview with the Los Angeles LGBT Center. “We were just trying to survive. We were just trying to make it in life. We didn’t know what we wanted to do or where we wanted to go, but we wanted to go somewhere.”
Tee Arnold, 36, Hallandale Beach, Fla., on April 3: In a Facebook tribute to Arnold, Cece Gates wrote, “I thank you for always answering the phone when I was lost, for never being afraid to tell me when I’m wrong.... Thank you for showing the world that there is nothing better than being your true authentic self.”
River Nevaeh Goddard, 17, on April 5 in Stow, Mass.: In her obituary, Goddard was described as a “very creative and artistic” person who loved to write music and as having “an amazing, outgoing personality.” It added, “Her cuddly nature was only matched by her quick wit, and goofiness.”
Advertisement
Renée Graham is a Globe columnist. She can be reached at renee.graham@globe.com. 
follow us
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information