Rihanna just made an announcement and no, it's not about the album.
The singer can add another business venture alongside Fenty Beauty, Fenty Skin and Savage Fenty X to the list. Rihanna announced to her followers her new line, Fenty Hair, on Tuesday with a video of her showcasing different hair styles on all hair types, as she had a blonde pixy cut.
In the caption, she wrote: "a new family is moving in! @fentyhair is pullin up and it’s time to finally have the hair experience you’ve been waiting for." The line is set to release June 13 but if people want to get early access, they should sign up on fentyhair.com. She emphasized on how much switching her hair up means to her. She has showcased a numerous of colors, lengths and styles and wanted to create products for not only "every hair want" but it to also "strengthen and repair all types of hair."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kate Moss actress Ellie Bamber is the spitting image of iconic model as she films biopic
The comment sections flooded excitement over the new line were in order. One person wrote: "Drop an album and I’ll see about some shampoo." Another person write: "She said im building an EMPIRE!!!!!" Another person wrote: "So basically we broke this summer!!!!! It’s ok sis!!! Take my moneyyyy." A third person wrote: "We’re literally witnessing an empire be built right before our eyes."
Rihanna will have some competition as Beyoncé released a hair line named Cécred earlier this year. In an interview with Essence, Beyoncé talked about the new business venture and how doing her hair was a therapeutic process for her since she was a child. She "loves" how people can associate hairstyles with moments in their lives and reflected on the time she cut her hair short.
Not long after the announcement, Beyoncé released her new album, Cowboy Carter, and fans are hoping the same for Rihanna. Many believed Rihanna's post was for the anticipated R9 album.
One person wrote: "excuse mam well when is fenty music arriving??" Another person wrote: "Does an album come with the hair?" A third person suggested: "Okay rih but from now on let’s start putting little snippets of the new music as the background music for these promos. let’s start the rollout." Fans did comes at the singer's defense stating that she is "building a beauty empire" and want others to stop asking about the album.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.