A new year means new anniversaries to look forward to, and 2024 promises many.
In addition to being a leap year, this year features several major pop culture events — related to film, television, music, entertainment and more — to reminisce on. Take for example M. Night Shyamalan’s 1999 hit film “The Sixth Sense,” which will celebrate turning 25 in August.
The psychological thriller was nominated for six Academy Awards, including best picture, best director, best original screenplay, best supporting actor for Haley Joel Osment (who, at 11 years of age, became a household name following his acclaimed performance) and best supporting actress for Toni Collette. “The Sixth Sense” was the second-highest-grossing film of 1999, behind George Lucas’ “Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace,” which will also turn 25 in May.
Related
Other notable anniversaries include the 25th anniversary of Woodstock '99, arguably the most infamous festivals in music history; the 10th anniversary of Ellen DeGeneres’ viral Oscars selfie, featuring several big names in Hollywood; and the 30th anniversary of “Forrest Gump.”
Here’s a growing list of all the major pop culture anniversaries to look forward to:
Feb 7 – Feb 23: 10 years after Sochi Winter Olympics
Feb. 8: 20 years after Beyoncé won five Grammy awards for her debut solo album, “Dangerously In Love”
Feb. 13: 20 years after Barbie and Ken split up. Barbie left him for an Australian surfer named Blaine.
Feb. 17: “Footloose” turns 40
Feb. 17: “Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure” turns 35
Feb 17: 10 years after Jimmy Fallon took over “The Tonight Show”
Feb. 19: “Office Space” turns 25
Feb. 22: “It Happened One Night” turns 90
Read more
about this topic
Joy Saha is a staff writer at Salon. She writes about food news and trends and their intersection with culture. She holds a BA in journalism from the University of Maryland, College Park.
Copyright © 2025 Salon.com, LLC. Reproduction of material from any Salon pages without written permission is strictly prohibited. SALON ® is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as a trademark of Salon.com, LLC. Associated Press articles: Copyright © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.