ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Singer/songwriter Taylor Swift attends the 2018 Billboard Music Awards 2018 at the MGM Grand Resort ... More International on May 20, 2018, in Las Vegas, Nevada (Photo by LISA O'CONNOR / AFP)        (Photo credit should read LISA O'CONNOR/AFP via Getty Images)
In one week, Taylor Swift will release her new album The Tortured Poets Department. As the world prepares for what will surely be another blockbuster win for the superstar, her recent No. 1 smash hits a major milestone and becomes one of the biggest tunes in her discography—one which may soon be replaced by tunes from her upcoming full-length.
“Cruel Summer” has lived on the Hot 100, Billboard’s ranking of the most-consumed songs in the U.S., for 48 weeks. The electro-pop cut is now tied as the fifth-longest-charting hit of Swift’s career on this list.
Now that it’s earned its forty-eighth stay on the Hot 100, “Cruel Summer” is tied with “Teardrops on My Guitar,” which also spent the same amount of time on the tally. That track peaked at No. 13 back in 2008.
Swift’s longest-running Hot 100 hit remains “Anti-Hero,” the lead single from her most recent album of original material, Midnights. That song is her only tune to live on the ranking for more than a year. By the time it fell off the chart, the eight-week ruler had racked up 53 stays on the tally.
Two blockbuster singles are matched for the honor of being Swift’s second-longest-charting titles on the Hot 100. Both “Shake It Off” and “You Belong With Me” spent 50 weeks on the chart.
“Love Story” is just one frame behind both “Shake It Off” and “You Belong With Me” and one week ahead of “Cruel Summer,” at least for the time being. That early smash in her catalog managed 49 weeks on the Hot 100 during its heyday.
This week, “Cruel Summer” lifts on the Hot 100, which is notable, considering how long it’s been present on the chart. The track improves from No. 16 to No. 14, which is impressive, considering the fact that the ranking is inundated with new tunes from Beyoncé’s new album Cowboy Carter.
“Cruel Summer” is one of Swift’s 11 No. 1 singles on the Hot 100. It finally climbed to the summit in October 2023, more than four years after it was first released on her album Lover.