If there’s one thing we know for sure, it’s that when Beyoncé performs, the world watches, because every production is a showstopper. Queen Bey doesn’t do "okay"—it must be jaw-dropping and have social media buzzing. Her performance during the halftime of the Houston Texans-Baltimore Ravens game was no exception. Not only was it the first time she performed songs from her country album Cowboy Carter in front of a live audience, but her halftime show, dubbed the "Beyoncé Bowl" by Netflix, featured a spectacular display of her vocal prowess, sheer star power from celebrity guests, and impressive choreography.
Here’s a breakdown of the most awesome moments from her halftime performance, because let’s be honest—we’ll probably still be talking about it until the new year.  
Dressed in all white with a cowboy hat and riding a white horse, Queen Bey entered NRG Stadium singing "16 Carriages." After the chorus, she transitioned into her rendition of the Beatles’ "Blackbird" with Brittney Spencer, Tanner Addell, Reyna Roberts, and Tiera Kennedy, who all sang with her on the album’s version of the song (stylized as "Blackbiird"). 
Beyoncé paid homage to country music royalty Dolly Parton with "Jolene." She was seen riding a red antique car while singing the Parton classic.  
When Post Malone sang his verse in "Levii’s Jeans," fans erupted excitedly. The two performed in front of a denim-covered pickup truck, because, why not?  Malone delighted the crowd with an ad-lib after the final chorus line, "I love you down to the bone," playfully adding, "Yes, ma’am!"  
As Queen Bey herself puts it, "It’s only right that we do ‘Texas Hold ‘Em’ for the first time in Houston, Texas, on Christmas!" Among her backup dancers is none other than her and Jay-Z's eldest daughter, Blue Ivy, who seems poised to follow in her famous parents’ footsteps. Also, how is she already taller than her mom?  
Towards the end, Beyoncé was lifted onto a platform while hitting the high notes, and she finished the song with thunderous applause from the audience.  
Aside from "16 Carriages," "Blackbiird," "Levii’s Jeans," and "Texas Hold ‘Em," Beyoncé also performed the following songs:  

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!