The French brothers saved Beyoncé from a potential nip-slip during the Renaissance Tour in 2023.

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

Les Twins started out as two extraordinary, identical twin brothers performing in concerts, musicals and on YouTube before Beyoncé peeped their highly-viewed videos. Since then, the French duo comprised of Larry and Laurent Bourgeois have become Bey’s secret weapons — joining her in music videos and on sold-out tours around the world. 

	The pair wrapped the Renaissance World Tour with Bey last year and created tons of stand-out moments,  like swaying across arenas while on “humongous” stilts, and transforming into Beys “chair.” Besides creating visual masterpieces with the Renaissance icon, Les Twins have showed just how much they respect Bey and how much she trusts their judgement. 

	










	During a June tour date in Germany, Bey had a near-wardrobe malfunction that could’ve resulted in a nip slip. While wearing a custom hot pink halter dress from her IVY PARK collection, the top began to slip, almost exposing her breast. However, Les Twins were there to effortlessly prevent that from happening, as one of them smoothly danced in front of her, while placing her hand over the slip so she could fix the top.

	Speaking of that moment and others — like almost bucking at a fan for throwing a jacket on stage — Larry exclusively told VIBE, “[Beyoncé] doesn’t even have to say she needs help. Our relationship is very special because she saved our lives.”

	“We was in a spot before Beyoncé, and it was not– I can’t really say it, but I don’t feel ashamed,” he continued. “It’s just very deep and she appeared like an angel and we thank her in the way we dance for her. And only for her it would be like this.”

	“It’s not even just that,” Laurent chimed in. “It’s like when you have a certain gift and you know you have it, but it never served the right people or people don’t see what I’m seeing or what I’m about, and then someone really appreciates it. Larry beamed, “[Beyoncé] seen us.”
A post shared by Larry & Laurent Bourgeois (@officiallestwins)

	Considering the six-month tour a “rebirth” for them as well as Bey, Laurent said, “The Renaissance tour was a total [rebirth] for Les Twins, too. Not just for her, not just for the project, not just for the messages behind it. Everything made sense.”

	










	Check out the moment Les Twins saved Beyoncé from a wardrobe malfunction on stage above. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.