There's a new hair colour trend in town that takes inspiration from a certain glossy and golden nectar...

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

"Syrup" blonde is the latest natural but elevated hair colour trend coming our way for spring/summer 2024 - so, we've quizzed the pros on what exactly this radiant look entails and how to achieve it...
Here we thought that we'd heard of every conceivable way of describing blonde but the 2024 hair trends just keep on surprising us - what with the "Crystal Clear" blonde hair colour, a neutral hue that enhances greys, and now this high-shine iteration. But unlike previous years that have seen hard-to-maintain platinum shades take centre stage, this latest shade is altogether warmer and geared towards a healthy, honey-like gleam.
So, if you're looking to refresh your current blonde colour, or are toying with the idea of going lighter, here's everything you need to know about the deliciously-named Syrup Blonde...
Tom Smith is a Hairstylist at Billi Currie, Trend Forecaster and Global Director of Evo Hair who has shared all the intel on the "Syrup Blonde" hair trend - from what the tones create this honeyed hue to how to maintain it at home.
So, first thing's first, what is "Syrup Blonde" exactly? Having coined the term, hairstylist and trend forecaster, Tom Smith explains that the simplest way to define this colour is as "an intensely glossy and rich golden blonde," adding that: "This tone shows off health and vibrancy while keeping the wearer feeling light and bright."
This shade is also a good option for those who have previously loved the copper and red hair trends (the latter of which is making a comeback this year). As Smith adds, "those who wish to stay identifiably blonde will love Syrup blonde," as it offers a similar blend of warm and rich tones - without you having to opt for a more statement colour.
As for where you can spot this honeyed hue, the likes of Jennifer Lawrence, Rihanna and Rosie-Huntington-Whiteley are just three major names to have debuted a glossy, golden blonde or warm, light brown take on this syrupy trend.
If you're looking to achieve this celebrity-approved shade but are unsure what tones to request from your hairdresser, Smith says: "Bright golden and warm beige tones make up syrup blonde, just be sure to keep any shadows or low lights to a minimal to retain the soft contrast glow."
Sign up to our free daily email for the latest royal and entertainment news, interesting opinion, expert advice on styling and beauty trends, and no-nonsense guides to the health and wellness questions you want answered.
Colour-Enhancing treatment
RRP: £32
This hair mask works to nourish - thanks to its blend of shea butter and fruit oils - whilst boosting the vibrancy and shine of your warm blonde hair colour.
Warm blonde conditioner
RRP: £19.70
Tom Smith recommends a blonde conditioner to help maintain your colour, post-salon. This one, in particular, works to restore your hair and ward off split ends and flyaways, whilst also reviving your colour. Its formula also offers a gleaming, reflective effect to your locks.
For "Syrup" shine
RRP: £27
For a finishing touch and to achieve that iconic, syrup-like shine, Smith recommends this shine spray. It leaves a glossy sheen in it's wake and works to lock in moisture. 
To maintain and care for this summery and expensive-looking hair colour, Smith says: "Golden toned conditioners or colour boosting treatments can top up the correct tones, or if your hair is naturally warmer, shine products (evo love touch) or moisture masks will help keep the glow to your hair."
Adding one of the best hair masks to your weekly haircare routine can do wonders for dry and damaged locks - especially if you are suffering from the after-effects of lightening your hair.
Whether you're looking to transform your platinum tresses into this honeyed colour or to incorporate similar golden hues - and the all-important radiance - into your light brown or brunette hair, we've rounded up five versatile and chic looks to consider...
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's golden hair is the epitome of Quiet Luxury as it melts from a warm, natural brown at the root, to a honey blonde - all the while radiating that "Syrup" shine. This is a great option if you're looking for a low-maintenance colour that won't have you traipsing back to the salon for a root touch-up.
If you have light or medium brown hair and are looking to gradually lighten your hair to more of a blonde, caramel shade, Rihanna offers all the inspo you need. It's warm and multi-tonal and is just perfect for summer.
Léa Seydoux's soft, glossy blonde is the perfect example of this hair colour trend. It's subtle but looks so expensive - especially when paired with a slight wave or curl.
Jennifer Lawrence's Syrup Blonde shade features a stunning blend of light and richer shades, along with that covetable gloss. This picture, in particular, also proves just how chic this colour looks when paired with the equally trendy Side-Swept hairstyle.
If you're a brunette but looking to incorporate a hint of this golden trend into your hair, Beyoncé's glossy, warm brown waves - and caramel money-piece hair highlights - offer the perfect inspiration. It's radiant, full of dimension and is a great alternative to bleaching or lightening your entire head of hair to achieve a blonde shade.
Naomi is a Digital Beauty Writer at woman&home, where she covers everything from makeup to skincare but specialises, particularly, in fragrance and nail trends. Through her work, Naomi shares her trend expertise and personal product recommendations. She is also a judge for woman&home's annual hair, skincare and beauty awards.
Previously, she worked as a Lifestyle News Writer for My Imperfect Life magazine, where she used her savvy for TikTok to bring readers the latest beauty buzzwords, fashion movements and must-have products. 
Before that, Naomi split her time between both GoodTo and My Imperfect Life, whilst training for her Gold Standard diploma in Journalism with the NCTJ, for which she earned a Distinction. Interestingly though, Naomi actually has a background in design, having studied Illustration at Plymouth University but leapt into the media world in 2020, to pursue her passion for writing. Now, when she isn’t reporting on the best perfumes and latest beauty releases, you can find her drinking copious cups of coffee and probably online shopping...

Need inspiration? Pippa is the ultimate pro when it comes to weddings


After a meeting with Mark Tuello, Nick cryptically threw something into a fire - but what was it, and why did he do it?


Woman & Home is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.