arts entertainmentPop Music
By Thor Christensen
What do Elvis, Selena and Beyoncé have in common?
They all played the State Fair of Texas at some point in their careers.
Everyone knows about the corny dogs and Big Tex. But fairgoers often forget the State Fair is also a great place to hear live music — and a great price. Music on all three stages is free with admission.
Here are 10 local, regional and national acts worth hearing at this year’s fair.
Catch up on the day's news you need to know.
Or with: 
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Matt Hillyer, Sept. 27, Bud Light Stage: You can’t keep a good honky-tonk singer down. When the veteran Dallas band Eleven Hundred Springs called it quits in 2021, Hillyer switched into solo artist mode and released the album Bright Skyline on, fittingly enough, State Fair Records, a label unaffiliated with the fair.
Big Daddy Kane, Sept. 28, Chevrolet Main Stage: At 56, the dapper Big Daddy from Brooklyn qualifies as a grizzled elder of hip-hop. But he’s still got mad “Lyrical Gymnastics,” to borrow one of his old song titles.
Bowling for Soup, Oct. 1, Chevrolet Main Stage: When the sardonic Denton punk-pop act went to the Grammys in ‘03, Joan Rivers named them “worst dressed.” Fair enough. But did Rivers  ever write anything as timeless as “Girl All The Bad Guys Want”?
Remy Reilly, Oct. 4, Bud Light Stage: The singer-keyboardist has played every nook and cranny around D-FW since she was 13. Now 20, she’s  hitting her stride with infectious pop tunes like “What Do You Know,” produced by fellow Dallas native Jonathan Tyler.
Kam Franklin, Oct. 4, Bud Light Stage: The charismatic lead singer of the Houston R&B band the Suffers, Franklin is now working on her latest solo album. Whatever she sings, it’ll be soulful: She’s got one of the most luminous voices in music today.
Grace Potter, Oct. 5, Chevrolet Main Stage: The Vermont singer-guitarist-keyboardist lit up the Granada Theater in February with her gritty blues-rock originals and covers of “Whole Lotta Love” and “Texas Hold ‘Em.” Expect similar fireworks this time through town.
Wyatt Flores, Oct. 11, Chevrolet Main Stage: Flores is a fast-rising 23-year-old country singer from Stillwater, Okla., who writes like he’s decades older. For proof, listen to “Life Lessons” and the mental health-themed “Please Don’t Go.”
St. Paul and the Broken Bones, Oct. 12, Chevrolet Main Stage: The Alabama 8-piece dabbled in electro-pop-disco on 2022′s hypnotic “The Last Dance.” Stray as it may, the band always returns to its first love — sweet soul music — led by frontman Paul Janeway’s Al Green-like singing.
Sarah Jaffe, Oct. 18, Bud Light Stage: The Denton singer-songwriter hasn’t released a batch of original songs in a while, but her crystalline voice was as brilliant as ever on her 2023 cover of Willie Nelson’s “Angel Flying Too Close To The Ground.”
The Commodores, Oct. 20, Chevrolet Main Stage: Even without Lionel Richie, who went solo in ‘82, the Commodores are one of the best funk-soul bands around — a fact acknowledged by Bruce Springsteen, who covered their Grammy-winning “Nightshift” on his last album. Walter Orange — who sang lead on that tune — is one of three longtime Commodores still in the band.
Thor Christensen is a former pop music critic for The Dallas Morning News and The Milwaukee Journal whose work has appeared in The New York Times and several books. He’s interviewed two Beatles, a pair of Rolling Stones and hundreds of musicians from Beyoncé to Bono to David Bowie. He’s a Chicago native and a longtime resident of East Dallas.
Join the conversation
Thank you for reading. We welcome your thoughts on this topic. Comments are moderated for adherence to our Community Guidelines. Please read the guidelines before participating.