We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Icons only.
Strictly Come Dancing week 7 spoilers follow.
The BBC has confirmed the songs and dances for Strictly Come Dancing's Icons Week.
The brand-new theme will feature the remaining Strictly couples paying tributes to legendary musical stars with choreography and costumes that fans will recognise.
One big change for this week will be professional dancer Lauren Oakley standing in for Amy Dowden following Amy's hospitalisation. Lauren and celebrity partner JB Gill will be performing a Couple’s Choice dance set to a Bruno Mars medley.
Related: Best streaming services 2024 — including Disney Plus, Netflix, iPlayer and Apple TV+
Montell Douglas and pro partner Johannes Radebe are waltzing to 'I Will Always Love You' by Whitney Houston, and Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin will dance an American Smooth to 'Love Story (Taylor’s Version)' by Taylor Swift.
Sarah Hadland and her partner Vito Coppola will Cha Cha Cha to 'Like A Prayer' by Madonna. Elsewhere, Tasha Ghouri and Aljaž Škorjanec are set to perform a Couple’s Choice dance to 'What About Us' by Pink.
Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell have landed a Tango to 'Rock And Roll All Nite' by KISS. EastEnders star Jamie Borthwick and pro Michelle Tsiakkas will be dancing the Samba to 'Faith' by George Michael.
Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystal are performing a Salsa set to 'Another One Bites The Dust' by Queen, while Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu will dance a Quickstep to 'Help!' by The Beatles.  
Rounding off this week's performances will be Wynne Evans and Katya Jones' Rumba to 'This is My Life' by Dame Shirley Bassey.
Related: Strictly – Where to buy Tess Daly’s outfits
Sunday's results show will feature the Strictly pros performing a Beyoncé medley during the results show, with Johannes taking on a central role. Dear Alice are set to perform live as well.
Strictly Come Dancing airs on Saturdays on BBC One, while spin-off Strictly: It Takes Two airs on weeknights on BBC Two. Both shows are available to stream on BBC iPlayer.
Interested in talking about Strictly? Visit our dedicated sub-forum
Read more Strictly news on our dedicated homepage
Justin is a freelance entertainment journalist and writer. He first joined Digital Spy as a freelance entertainment reporter in 2010 and also worked as a sub-editor for the brand, serving as Night News Editor from 2016 to 2024. Over more than a decade, Justin has covered numerous major entertainment events from the US and has interviewed a wide-ranging group of public figures, from comedian Steve Coogan to icons from the Star Trek universe, cast members from the Marvel Cinematic Universe and reality stars from numerous Real Housewives cities and the Below Deck franchise. Justin has also been on the ground to cover major pop culture events like the Star Wars Celebration and the D23 Expo. He's written for titles across the Hearst network, plus the likes of CBR and Us Weekly.
 
Gilmore Girls creator's new show jumps into chart
 Slow Horses star's new all-star movie gets delay
Corrie's Debbie explains shock split from Ronnie
Corrie schemer to return again after Daisy exit
Robson Green shares update on new UK drama
EastEnders confirms The Vic re-opening
Hollyoaks airs Grace suspicions in Lucas collapse
Casualty casts former Corrie star in mystery role
George Lucas finally explains Yoda mystery
Benedict Cumberbatch's new movie gets UK release
Home and Away's Mali to be publicly humiliated
Taskmaster star's beloved show axed after 15 years
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.