By SAMEER SURI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:53, 22 March 2024   |  Updated:  16:23, 23 March 2024   
 22
View  comments
Reese Witherspoon was showered with birthday wishes on Friday when the Legally Blonde actress turned 48 years old.
One of the most heartwarming testimonials came from her longtime pal Jennifer Aniston, whom she has known for over 20 years.
During the height of Jennifer's stardom as Rachel on Friends, Reese did a few guest appearances as the character's spoiled sister Jill.
In recent years, the pair have been playing opposite each other as seething professional rivals on the Apple TV+ series The Morning Show.
But when Jennifer fired up her Insta Stories for her birthday tribute to Reese, the onscreen enmity was replaced with real-life gushing affection.
Reese Witherspoon was showered with birthday wishes this Friday, when the Legally Blonde actress turned 48 years old - including from Jennifer Aniston
One of the most heartwarming testimonials came from her longtime pal Jennifer, whom she has known for over 20 years
'Happy birthday to my sister @reesewitherspoon,' Jennifer wrote over a clip of Jill haughtily confronting Rachel on Friends all those years ago.
'Love you so much, you ray of sunshine,' she effervesced over a picture of Reese beaming while cradling her French bulldog Minnie Pearl.
She hailed Reese as 'the ultimate collaborator...' as well as a 'Co-anchor,' 'Partner,' 'and friend' - with each title accompanied by a charming throwback snap.
One of the pictures showed Jennifer and Reese performing in front of a green screen during the shoot of The Morning Show.
Another was a flashback snap of the two women drinking champagne at the 2020 Golden Globes with The Morning Show showrunner Kristin Hahn.
Jennifer first shared the Golden Globes picture with the public all the way back in 2020 - and relayed the cheeky story behind it. 
'Reese!? This is one of the many reasons I love you,' wrote the Horrible Bosses actress. 'We ran out of water at our table so naturally, she asked Jay Z and Beyoncé for a glass of their champagne.'
As Reese celebrated her 48th birthday this Friday, she was treated to an outpouring of affection from the boldface names in her life.
During the height of Jennifer's stardom as Rachel on Friends, Reese did a few guest appearances as the character's spoiled sister Jill
'Happy birthday to my sister @reesewitherspoon,' Jennifer wrote over a clip of Jill haughtily confronting Rachel on Friends all those years ago
'Love you so much, you ray of sunshine,' she effervesced over a picture of Reese beaming while cradling her French bulldog Minnie Pearl
She hailed Reese as 'The ultimate collaborator...' as well as a 'Co-anchor,' 'Partner,' 'and friend' - with each title accompanied by a charming throwback snap
Another was a flashback snap of the two women drinking champagne at the 2020 Golden Globes with The Morning Show showrunner Kristin Hahn
Octavia Spencer, who 21 years ago had a bit part as a security guard in the Legally Blonde sequel, posted a sweet Instagram picture of herself with Reese
Another one of the celebrities who wished Reese on her big day was none other than Jennifer Garner, who is a longtime personal friend
Both women were producers on last year's Apple TV+ miniseries The Last Thing He Told Me, a mystery thriller that also featured Jennifer Garner as the lead
In honor of Reese's birthday, Jennifer posted a goofy video of herself playing the saxophone, interspersed with footage of the two of them together
Octavia Spencer, who 21 years ago had a bit part as a security guard in the Legally Blonde sequel, posted a sweet Instagram picture of herself with Reese.
'Today is an especially special Friday because it’s @reesewitherspoon's birthday!' she crowed. 'Thank you Reese for always honoring all women, everywhere! Please join me in the comments in wishing Reese the happiest of birthdays.'
Another one of the celebrities who wished Reese on her big day was none other than Jennifer Garner, who is a longtime personal friend.
Both women were producers on last year's Apple TV+ miniseries The Last Thing He Told Me, a mystery thriller that also featured Jennifer Garner as the lead. 
In honor of Reese's birthday, Jennifer posted a goofy video of herself playing the saxophone, interspersed with footage of the two of them together.
Reese responded to the outpouring of affection by posting a throwback of herself on the beach, attached to a message expressing her gratitude
Her son Deacon Phillippe, 20, whom she had with her steamy first husband Ryan Phillippe, leapt into the comments to write: 'Happy birthday to the best'
Reese's friend Laura Dern also paid tribute to the star, captioning this post of them, 'As the sun sets on a perfect day…we celebrate goddess Witherspoon on her birthday. We love you with everything!'
'Two things I love: @reesewitherspoon and smooth jazz,' the ex-wife of Ben Affleck wrote in her caption. 'Happy birthday, RW! XX'.
Reese responded to the outpouring of affection by posting a throwback of herself on the beach, attached to a message expressing her gratitude.
'Feeling very grateful for all the wonderful birthday wishes!' she wrote. 'Thank you to all of YOU who send me love and light from all over the world.'
Her son Deacon Phillippe, 20, whom she had with her steamy first husband Ryan Phillippe, leapt into the comments to write: 'Happy birthday to the best.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group