Let's break down some clues!

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Spoiler alert! This story contains the celebrity who was unmasked on the October 9 episode of The Masked Singer’s 12th season. Episodes can be streamed the next day with a Hulu subscription if you need to catch up.
The Masked Singer has returned to the 2024 TV schedule for Season 12, just months after crowning Vanessa Hudgens (formerly known as the Goldfish) the winner of the 11th season. Five costumed celebrities took the stage for the season premiere as Group A, and already we’ve sadly begun to say goodbye to them. (More on that lower down.) Which famous faces and voices hide behind the other elaborate set pieces? Here we’ll break down all the clues and give you our best Group A guesses.
This season features a special clue each week to help the panel; for instance, the Week 1 Ambassador was someone who not only has been on The Masked Singer before but also has a close connection to the celeb they introduced. Let’s get into it:
We got quite a surprise when the Buffalo was actually revealed in Week 1 to be a trio of singers. The three beasts moved into the Season 12 quarterfinals as we all fell in love with the singers in their red vests, boots and cowboy hats. They have certainly brought the energy, dancing around as the panelists dissect the clues, and they seem to be having a great time.
The Buffalos are sounding more and more like Boyz II Men to me, and the clues back it up. As Jenny McCarthy Wahlberg pointed out, the bell could be the Liberty Bell, which is in Philadelphia, and that connects to the “Mo-Town” clue. The “Dead End” sign could be for the group’s song “End of the Road.” In 1992 their tour manager Khalil Rountree was murdered, which fits with the clues about losing their “MacGyver.”
Boyz II Men also performed in the Super Bowl halftime show in 1998, and the kneeling man at the bus stop was “Down on Bended Knee”; but you’d think if it is Boyz II Men, Robin Thicke would know it, since he was a special guest at their four-night stint in Las Vegas this summer (and remember the clue about poker?).
The Masked Singer has seen some wonderful avian costumes over the years, and the Woodpecker, aka actress Marsai Martin, can add itself to that list. The beautiful, red-and-black-feathered friend was unmasked in the Group A finals.
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
The panel was stumped with this one, but Nick Cannon knew. He pointed out that Marsai Martin became the youngest executive producer in Hollywood at 14, which speaks to many of the clues about her career and the world record. The glasses are obviously a nod to her role on black-ish, as was the SAT test, and speaking of the beloved ABC sitcom, she gave us a big clue when talking about her love for shoes and someone sharing her “style-ish” obsession.
The sports tape clue was likely a reference to her boyfriend Rajah Caruth, who is a NASCAR driver, and her Ambassador was Jenifer Lewis — another actress from black-ish.
This was my favorite costume of The Masked Singer Group A, because who doesn’t love an inanimate object come to life? Unfortunately we said goodbye to The Ship, as Paula Cole was unmasked on October 9.
The clues in the Group A finals further confirmed even before her unmasking that we were right about Paula Cole. She sang backup on Peter Gabriel’s world tour in 1993-94 and won the Grammy for Best New Artist in 1998. We got another cowboy clue in John Wayne following previous weeks’ references to “Where Have All the Cowboys Gone?” and the rowboat was a nod to Dawson’s Creek, which she provided the theme song for.
Our reasoning in previous weeks stemmed from Paul Cole being prom queen and president of her senior class in high school. She broke her foot, which is when she turned her focus to music. The title of her sixth studio album is Raven, and Cole dueted with Melissa Etheridge on VH1. As was pointed out by Jenny McCarthy Wahlbert, Paula Cole and Jewel were both main-stage performers for the inaugural year of Lilith Fair.
We bid farewell to the Showbird, as Yvette Nicole Brown was unmasked on the October 2 episode. Here’s how her run on the show played out:
Ken nailed it with his guess, and I was confident we’d made the right pick in Week 1 with Yvette Nicole Brown, largely because of the cadence of her voice, but the clues definitely backed it up. Everything she said about finding love referenced her fiancé, actor Anthony Davis, especially the fact that they reconnected after knowing each other for years. In 1994, she was part of the East Coast Family group that included Boyz II Men. The cupcake might have been a nod to her appearance on Cupcake Wars. There were also the Community-based clues in Joel McHale and a textbook.
The gavel possibly referenced her role as Judge Harper on A Black Lady Sketch Show, and she was in Avengers: Endgame — one of the biggest blockbusters of all time. The actress has described herself as a “nerd,” and is a well-known superfan of properties like Star Wars and The Walking Dead. Lego was mentioned amongst the clues, and Yvette Nicole Brown has voiced roles on several Lego movies for Marvel, DC and Star Wars.
Group A is going strong on The Masked Singer Season 12, and I can't wait to hear what else they bring in the coming weeks. New episodes air at 8 p.m. ET Wednesdays on Fox.
Heidi Venable is a Content Producer for CinemaBlend, a mom of two and a hard-core '90s kid. She started freelancing for CinemaBlend in 2020 and officially came on board in 2021. Her job entails writing news stories and TV reactions from some of her favorite prime-time shows like Grey's Anatomy and The Bachelor. She graduated from Louisiana Tech University with a degree in Journalism and worked in the newspaper industry for almost two decades in multiple roles including Sports Editor, Page Designer and Online Editor. Unprovoked, will quote Friends in any situation. Thrives on New Orleans Saints football, The West Wing and taco trucks.
After All The Last Of Us' Joel Turmoil, I'm Really Appreciating The Jackson Community For Two Key Reasons
After Bowen Yang Reacted To Aimee Lou Wood's Criticism Of That White Lotus SNL Sketch, Chloe Fineman Shared Her Thoughts On What Happened
Yellowstone May Have Ended Earlier Than Expected, But We'll Get To See Some OG Characters Back On Screen Sooner Than I Thought

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.