Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The latest in fashionable puffers, boots, hats, helmets and even Dior skis, seen on stars including Justin Bieber and Rihanna.

							By 

	Ingrid Schmidt

Contributor

	With the Sundance film festival now in full swing, stars and film directors alike are bundled up in Park City as they rush around the mountain town to catch the latest in independent movies. As more celebrities hit Sundance 2024 over the next week, expect to see some in the latest luxury ski and après-ski apparel and accessories, available in special collections this season from Balenciaga, Gucci, Brunello Cucinelli and more.
		The Parisian label, which recently signed Nicole Kidman and Michelle Yeoh as brand ambassadors, has debuted skiwear. In the mix are high-tech apparel, accessories, skis, a collab helmet with Briko and this logo snowboard.	
		The sportswear company’s collection with ski superstar Lindsey Vonn includes the quilted, padded Legacy Leather high-collar women’s vest in reflective silver with lamb fur.	
		The Brazilian brand, recently worn by such stars as Beyoncé and Cardi B, has rolled out a second skiwear capsule consisting of puffers, snow pants and ski suits for her in the fun colorful patterns that are its signature.	
		Rihanna, who visited Aspen over the holidays, paired her Giorgio Armani faux fur coat and sweatsuit with these Icon Low cream faux fur Moon Boots sporting bead-embellished laces inspired by the 1969 lunar landing.	
		During an Aspen outing last December, Justin Bieber completed his Perfect Moment snowboarding look (which included the brand’s Gus Parka) with Model Nine ski goggles in Black Gold; each pair comes with two lenses in light and dark tints that can easily be swapped out with magnetic technology.	
		Standouts from Gucci’s Après-Ski collection include goggles with a striped webbing strap, sporty-chic jacket and pant sets, and cozy shearling accessories such as this Horsebit 1955 suede and shearling bag.	
		During her Aspen trip, Rihanna bundled up in this sweeping leopard-print faux fur coat (seen on the Fall 2023 menswear runway) over a gray hoodie and sweatpants while boarding a private jet with A$AP Rocky and sons RZA and Riot.	
		Skiwear brand Perfect Moment, which counts Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra Jonas as investors, has a new collab with Boss that includes this apropos look for C-suite execs straddling screenings and slopes: a double-breasted, down-filled pinstripe ski jacket (available with matching trousers).	
		A who’s who shopped at elevated Westernwear retailer Kemo Sabe in Aspen over the holidays, including Kyle Richards with her three daughters. Kate Hudson, Rihanna and Kendall Jenner all bought tall Western boots, and Mariah Carey popped in on New Year’s Day to snap up this Stetson 20xGus felt hat.	
		The house’s new ski collection includes the supersized 3XL Ski Sneaker, which boasts a spiked crampon attached with a chained harness.	
		For the second year running, Italian luxury brand Pucci has teamed up with French skiwear label Fusalp to add its punchy graphic prints to an array of puffers, ski jumpsuits and pants, sweaters, thermals, boots and accessories such as these Iride-print gloves.	
		The latest women’s DiorAlps capsule highlights a Plan de Paris print from the fall-winter collection, while the fourth mens ski capsule includes partnerships with Japanese brand Descente for snowboards, Swedish snow sports brand POC for helmets and goggles, and artist Peter Doig for apparel and accessories.	
		It’s logo-a-go-go with the third iteration of the LV Ski capsule line that ranges from sleek performance pieces to chalet chic. Think graphic-print cashmere knits, shearling-trim boots with bungee laces, and posh puffers like this Abstract Monogram Flower Puffer Jacket.	
		Known for cashmere, quiet luxury, and a fan base that includes Jennifer Lopez, Oprah Winfrey and Gwyneth Paltrow, Italian label Brunello Cucinelli has released its Mountain Series après-ski-to-street wear. The range includes these men’s corduroy Mountain trousers with Thermore padding and cargo pockets.	
		The L.A.-based hat designer, worn by stars like Jennifer Lopez and Pharrell Williams, rolled out a capsule collection with Brad Pitt and Sat Hari’s label God’s True Cashmere late last year. Fouquet, who has a second store in Aspen, now also sells shearling-lined trapper hats and beanies, and ski masks hand-knitted in Italy.	
		The luxe LVMH-owned Italian label is a stellar source for texture-rich, slope-to-street base layers and aprés-ski pieces. Think cashmere transformed by artisans into “CashFur” and these suede-lined shearling Gadiel joggers with a drawstring cashmere waistband.	

A version of this story first appeared in the Jan. 18 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. Click here to subscribe.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Celebrity Stylists Love T3's Hair Tools -- But This Is Really Why the New Aire IQ Smart Hair Dryer Is Worth Buying		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Battle of the Summer Beauty Sales: 10 Hollywood-Coveted Products to Buy at Walmart Over Amazon		
			







Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.