The Mean Girls star got her audience to sing along with Queen Bey's vocal riffs on Feb. 13. 

													By
												

	Stephen Daw

Pride Editor

	As Beyoncé enters her country era, the global superstar has the unequivocal support of at least one fellow artist — Reneé Rapp. 

	During the Mean Girls star’s concert in Paris on Tuesday night (Feb. 13), Rapp delivered a faithful cover of Queen Bey’s 2016 country song “Daddy Lessons.” Dressed in a pair of baggy jeans and a vintage T-shirt emblazoned with the face of Tejano icon Selena, Rapp performed the Lemonade cut in its entirety, even recruiting the audience to sing Beyoncé’s vocal riffs along with her. 

	“With his gun and his head held high/ He told me not cry, oh/ My daddy said shoot,” Rapp sang on the boisterous chorus. “With his right hand on his rifle/ He swore it on the Bible/ My daddy said shoot.” 

	










	The cover comes at an auspicious time for fans of Beyoncé as a country artist. Following a teaser in her Verizon Super Bowl commercial, Bey surprise dropped a pair of country singles on Sunday night — “Texas Hold Em” and “16 Carriages.” In the days since its release, “Texas Hold Em” began receiving play on country radio, with Sony Music eventually servicing the song to the format.  




			Trending on Billboard		






	Meanwhile, Rapp is currently embarking on the European leg of her Snow Hard Feelings tour, with Tuesday’s Paris show serving as the official kickoff for her 10 dates across the pond. Following a pair of shows in Germany on Thursday (Feb. 15) and Friday (Feb. 16), the singer will perform in the Netherlands, Belgium and the U.K., before closing out her tour in Dublin on Monday, March 4. Rapp is also set to perform on the summer festival circuit this year, including appearances at Coachella, Bonnaroo, Governors Ball and more. 

	Watch the fan-captured video of Rapp’s full performance of “Daddy Lessons” below:
full video of reneé covering daddy lessons tonight in paris!  pic.twitter.com/MMnL6VB2U3
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.