Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Cissy Houston has passed away at age 91.
Oct. 7 2024, Published 3:48 p.m. ET
Whitney Houston's mother has died. 
RadarOnline.com can reveal Grammy Award-winning gospel singer Cissy Houston passed away at age 91 while receiving hospice care for Alzheimer's disease. 
Cissy died at her New Jersey home surrounded by loved ones, her family confirmed in a statement. 
Cissy died at her New Jersey home surrounded by loved ones, her family confirmed. 
Daughter-in-law Pat Houston announced in a statement to AP News: "Our hearts are filled with pain and sadness. We loss the matriarch of our family. 
"Mother Cissy has been a strong and towering figure in our lives. A woman of deep faith and conviction, who cared greatly about family, ministry, and community. 
"Her more than seven-decade career in music and entertainment will remain at the forefront of our hearts."
Her family added they are "touched by your generous support, and your outpouring of love during our profound time of grief. We respectfully request our privacy during this difficult time". 
She was an accomplished Gospel singer who won two Grammy awards. 
Cissy's career began with musical group the Sweet Inspirations with Doris Troy and her niece Dee Dee Warrick.
The group was featured on Van Morrison's instant classic Brown Eyed Girl and sang background vocals on The Jimi Hendrix Experience's Burning of the Midnight Lamp.
In addition to Morrison and Hendrix, the group also worked with Otis Redding, Dionne Warwick and The Drifters, among others. 
Cissy detailed her complicated relationship with daughter Whitney in her 2013 memoir. 
After four albums, Cissy left the group to embark on her successful solo career. 
She went on to record more than 600 songs across genres and continued to lend her background vocals to a variety of artists, including Beyoncé, Paul Simon and Chaka Khan. 
While Cissy made a name for herself as a talented musician, she's arguably equally known for being Whitney's mother. 
The mother and daughter had a complicated relationship over the years until Whitney's sudden death in 2012 at age 48. 
Whitney was found dead in a bathtub at a Beverly Hills hotel. Her cause of death was ruled an accidental drowning, with heart disease and cocaine use listed as contributing factors. 
Whitney died in 2012 at age 48. 
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
The grieving mother detailed the pair's rocky relationship in her 2013 book, Remembering Whitney: My Story of Love, Loss, and the Night the Music Stopped, which was later slammed by her late granddaughter, Bobbi Kristina, who died in 2015. 
Bobbi Kristina blasted the memoir as "disrespectful" for referencing her mother's history with drug abuse, her tumultuous relationship with Bobby Brown and rumors of a gay relationship. 
While promoting her book, Cissy spoke out about her daughter's relationship with Brown and said she did not blame him for her death. 
She said: "Good mothers and good fathers and good families don't always have great children. 
"Bad people have good children. ... It's all their responsibility when they get to a certain age to choose their way. 
"She was taught, she knew the way." 
Despite her harsh words, she clarified that "she and I were very, very close. She knew I loved her". 
In a separate interview, she added: "I miss her so much I can't even express it." 
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.