Take this as your official sign blokecore is going nowhere
Sure, red carpets are prime celeb outfit spotting opportunities, but when it comes to some of our favourite musical artists, the stage is where they *really* impress. Think of Beyoncé during her Renaissance tour and her epic Loewe catsuit that still lives rent-free in our heads, or Taylor Swift's Eras Tour. Not only did her looks inspire our Halloween costumes last October (natch), but we're making friendship bracelets ready for when she kicks off the UK leg later this year.
Well, Anitta has just raised the bar of stunning stage 'fits. Having spent the past six weeks on her aptly named Carnaval da Anitta tour, travelling around her home country of Brazil, the singer has wowed in an endless array of sequinned and fringed ensembles inspired by the traditional parades of Rio de Janeiro. 
Which is why her latest look of a cropped sweatshirt, boxers and jorts had us doing a double take.
Taking to her Instagram stories, Anitta shared a black and white video clip with no sound, followed by a photo of her perched on the steps up to a stage wearing the masculine outfit. She appeared to be rehearsing for a performance at the Premio Lo Nuestro 2024 Awards, an event that recognises the most popular Spanish-language music from the past year, taking place this evening [Thursday 22 February] in Miami.
The official awards Instagram also shared a clip of Anitta rehearsing alongside fellow artist Bad Gyal, suggesting the duo will perform their collab track 'Bota Niña' during the 'do.
The clip offered a better look at Anitta's white shredded cropped sweatshirt that she wore with the hood pulled up, and gave a glimpse at the black strappy bra she had on underneath. She paired the hoody with low-rise baggy shorts that reached her knees and had rips on each thigh, the waistband of her white boxer shorts clearly visible above the denim. Ribbed white sports socks and Adidas trainers completed the masculine outfit, alongside her accessories of sunglasses and hoop earrings.
The blokecore aesthetic is in stark contrast to the ultra-feminine and risqué looks Anitta has previously been repping with cut-outs, see-through panels, bra tops and micro shorts featuring heavily in all of her iconic costumes. Just take a look at the compilation video of all of her tour outfits she posted on social media yesterday to see what we mean:
Yep, not only is this confirmation blokecore isn't going anywhere, it's also evidence Anitta can pull off pretty much anything. We can't wait to see what she wears next.
Follow Alexandria on Instagram.
Alexandria Dale is the Digital Fashion Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from the celebrity style moments worth knowing about to the latest fashion news, there’s nothing she loves more than finding a high street dupe of a must-have designer item. As well as discovering new brands, she’s passionate about sustainable fashion and establishing the trends that are actually worth investing in. Having worked in fashion journalism for six years, she has experience at both digital and print publications including Glamour and Ok! 
Kim K's nude bodysuit is *gravity-defying*
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.