While everyone is consumed with summer shopping and the hottest brand collaborations kicking off the season, we're paying special attention to a necessary aspect of any great look — nails. Clothing and accessories are indeed important, but the right manicure can instantly elevate your outfit. With a plethora of colors to choose from, tracking down the right shade that's not only versatile, but perfectly complements your skin tone can sometimes be daunting. Fortunately, there aren't any rules in the world of nails so whether you're a minimalist who's stuck in their ways or the daring beauty lover eager to try every trend, you've come to the right place.
This season's colors are all about expressing yourself freely with unconventional hues and subtle design details. We're talking Barbie pink, Miami red and poolside blue for the playful maximalists. For those looking for options that are just as powerful and timeless, you'll find staple colors like white and even cowboy-inspired brown ideal for any summer occasion.
Keep scrolling for the best summer nail colors you'll never get tired of wearing all season long.
Color Dept Strawberry Jam Nail Polish, $10 at Revolve
The perfect shade of pink if there ever was one.
Gucci Glossy Nail Polish in 712 Melinda Green, $35 at Sephora
Going for a tropical getaway? Opt for this grassy green to go with your sun-kissed skin.
Chanel Le Vernis Longwear Nail Colour in Insomniaque, $32 at Chanel
Whether you're a minimalist or a maximalist, white is a classic color ideal for any season.
Essie Nail Lacquer in Offbeat Chic, $9.99 at Target
Nothing says summer like sky blue.
OPI Nail Lacquer in Silicon Valley Girl, $11.99 at Amazon
Opt for a more captivating interpretation of Pantone's Color of the Year 2024 Peach Fuzz with this gorgeous tangerine hue.
Dior Vernis Glossy Nail Polish in Lemon Glow, $32 at Dior
Butter yellow emerged as one of spring's biggest beauty trends and it's clearly sticking around for summer.
Nails inc Eco Glow Plant Power Nail Polish, $10 at Revolve
A brilliant iridescent shade if you want to channel your inner mermaid.
JINsoon Crush, $18 at JINsoon
Name a more powerful color than red. Rock it to the office, a spontaneous night out or your next vacation.
Manucurist Natural Nail Polish in Clove, $14 at Manucurist

Brown is no longer just for winter thanks to Beyoncé who's ensuring that cowboy core sticks around. Whether you want to tap into the trend or just hunting for something romantic, you'll love this dark clove.
Deborah Lippmann Gel Lab Pro Nail Polish in Galaxy Far Far Away, $20 at Amazon
Make your pool days even more fun with a sparkly turquoise manicure.
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved