By ELMIRA TANATAROVA 
 Published:  16:23, 28 August 2024   |  Updated:  16:50, 28 August 2024   
 65
View  comments
In 2019, Meghan Markle guest edited one of Vogue's most radical covers as she and Edward Enninful selected 15 'trailblazers' for a special issue.
It included activists, artists, and fashion stars in the repertoire - but to the dismay of many, despite listing 'women she admires' - missed out individuals like the late Queen Elizabeth and everyday heroes such as nurses, doctors, and teachers on the cover.
It became British Vogue's fastest selling edition in history, as well as the biggest-selling issue of the past decade, although Tina Brown described it in her book The Palace Papers as 'a mystifying bore' for 'traditional Vogue readers'. 
Meanwhile, many were left baffled by a mirrored panel - designed so that you could gaze at your own reflection and think about becoming a change-maker.
Five years on, Edward Enninful, who is now the British edition's editorial advisor and the magazine's global creative and cultural advisor, has revived the project, asking the original line-up to nominate the next set of 'Game Changers'.
A lot, however, has changed in that time, most notably Meghan's exit from the Royal Family, which started just a month after the magazine was released - while her cover stars have also faced challenges in the intervening years. 
The Duchess of Sussex was the guest editor on the 2019 September issue of British Vogue (Pictured: Jacinda Ardern, Salma Hayek Pinault, Laverne Cox, Jameela Jamil, Yara Shahidi and Gemma Chan, Christy Turlington Burns, Adwoa Aboah, Adut Akech, Ramla Ali, Sinead Burke,  Francesca Hayward, Jane Fonda, Greta Thunberg and Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie)
Revered author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie - who counts Beyonce among her fans - faced online backlash after throwing her support behind JK Rowling, who has repeatedly been accused of making transphobic comments.
Elsewhere, DJ Jameela Jamil, who has been a vocal activist against diet culture on social media, has been accused of 'lying' about her health past, which prompted her to hit out at the 'unhinged' troll.
This week, they joined their fellow cover stars in nominating another 15 'Game Changers to Know'.
Edward Enninful explained: 'We have profiled countless activists, pioneers and change-makers and it is crucial that we keep this going.
'That we keep the spotlight firmly on those challenging the status quo, and use their voices to help shape the conversations around the most urgent issues of our time.'
 The new list includes transgender Heartstopper rising star Yasmin Finney, activist Ilward Elman and Hollywood legend Angelina Jolie.
Jameela Jamil 
Jameela, 38, also found huge success on her Netflix show, The Good Place. Shortly after her 2019 cover, she was forced to hit out at an 'unhinged' critic after they said she has Munchausens, which causes people to pretend that they are ill when they aren't
The Hampstead-born children's TV presenter turned actor and activist became an advocate for 'body positivity' through her I Weigh campaign - and has continued to stay vocal on social media.
She had also been the first female presenter of the BBC Radio 1 Chart show in 60 years.
Jameela, 38, also found huge success on her Netflix show, The Good Place. 
Shortly after her 2019 cover, she was forced to hit out at an 'unhinged' critic after they said she has Munchausens, which causes people to pretend that they are ill when they aren't.
The troll claimed Jameela's 'contrasting' version of events regarding a car crash and breast cancer scares led them to believe she suffered from Munchausens.
On one occasion, the online user said that Jameela had exaggerated her injuries from a car crash where she claimed she broke her nose, elbow, lost a tooth and had concussion. 
However footage from the incident revealed that she appeared without any injuries and still had a full set of teeth in place.
Yet Jameela was quick to fire back at the allegations, as she described the theories as 'unhinged' before revealing that the injuries she described were from a separate car crash 13 years apart.
The Hampstead-born children's TV presenter turned actor and activist became an advocate for 'body positivity' through her I Weigh campaign - and has continued to stay vocal on social media. Pictured in March
Taking to X to express her outrage in a now-deleted post, Jameela penned: 'First I'm lying about my sexuality, now I'm now being accused of munchausens? 
'By an unhinged idiot who didn't even realize in all her 'research' that my car accident injury stories are 'different' because they were about TWO SEPARATE CAR ACCIDENTS 13 years apart? You can keep it.'
Jameela had said she has Ehlers Danlos Syndrome which is a group of disorders that affect connective tissues supporting the skin, bones and blood vessels among others.
She followed up her shut down tweet with another, which read: 'Ehlers Danlos Syndrome means always having people doubt your illness because you look okay. #edsawareness #itisntinyourhead #imsorrypeopleared**ks.'
The defiant star went on to call the critics wild claims a 'dumb internet conspiracy theory', before encouraging them to 'keep coming'.
She said: 'You just add to my relevance. I'm gonna keep helping people with eating disorders, and changing laws and global policies to protect kids and their mental health and there's NOTHING you can do about it.'
Earlier this year, Jameela revealed how she was rushed to hospital for emergency surgery. 
The TV personality took to Instagram to explain how she had undergone a bone graft before suffering 'horrendous' gastritis after taking post op antibiotics and pain killers. 
Earlier this year, Jameela revealed how she was rushed to hospital for emergency surgery. Pictured in an Instagram shot
Writing: 'Guess who had a lil emergency operation and a bone graft and took antibiotics and pain killers and woke up with gastritis?!'
Before asking followers: 'Please send me funny animal videos at this horrendous time.' 
She captioned the post: 'Pls send what works for you with gastritis. I have a long haul FLIGHT TODAY. I'm gonna be Kristen Wiig in bridesmaids' - in reference to the 2011 comedy's iconic vomiting and diarrhoea scenes. 
She later shared a snap of herself on the plane with her beloved dog Barold. 
And despite being celebrated by Vogue, Jameela also stirred controversy when she last year blasted the Met Gala's Karl Lagerfeld theme, claiming the event has double standards in honouring a 'known bigot'.
The Good Place actress slammed the 'selective cancel culture' shown by organisers and attendees of the annual Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute benefit.
It honoured the late Chanel designer, who died in 2019, with the theme Karl Lagerfeld: A Line of Beauty.
The event saw a slew of huge names in attendance, including many stars lauded for their outspoken feminist views, including Florence Pugh, Emily Ratjkowski, Michaela Coel and Janelle Monae. 
Jameela blasted the fact people had opted to 'gleefully ignore' some of the late designer's 'cruel' opinions while still calling for the cancellation of others whose views they don't agree with.
Taking to Instagram, Jameela wrote: 'Last night Hollywood and fashion said the quiet part out loud when a lot of famous feminists chose to celebrate at the highest level, a man who was so publicly cruel to women, to fat people, to immigrants, and to sexual assault survivors.
'And all the women's publications, and spectators online, chose to gleefully ignore it.
'Nobody has perfect morals, least of all me, but Jesus Christ we had a year to course correct here, and not award the highest honour possible to a known bigot…and everyone just decided all of a sudden we can separate the art from the artist when *convenient*.
'And it's one rule for us and another rule for everybody else. Last night we relinquished our right to be taken at all seriously about anything important.'
Jameela used the caption of her post to highlight 'slippery tactics and double standards' and warned people should reflect on her points ahead of the next presidential election.
She wrote: 'This isn't about cancel culture. It's not even about Karl. It's about showing how selective cancel culture is within liberal politics, in the most blatant way so far.
'It's about showing why people don't trust liberals. Because of slippery tactics and double standards like this.
'And it's not just Hollywood here, the general public online participated and were entirely complicit in the erasure of the truth last night. 
'They replaced their pitchforks with spoons last night, to lap that s**t right up… If we carry on like this, don't be shocked when we lose the next election.'
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
The writer, 46, faced online backlash for saying 'transwomen are transwomen' in a 2017 interview. Pictured in 2020
Nigerian novelist Chimamanda's 2012 TEDx talk 'We should all be feminists' has been viewed more than five million times.
She's collaborated with Dior on a 'We Should All Be Feminists' T-shirt, and in 2016 became the face of Boots No7 make-up. Splits her time between Nigeria and the U.S. and designs clothes with local tailors. 
Her novel Americanah, about race and identity, won the National Book Critics Circle Award for fiction in 2013 and her empowering words have even been used in a Beyoncé song.
However, the writer, 46, faced online backlash  for saying 'transwomen are transwomen' in a 2017 interview.
The Half of a Yellow Sun author, who has won several awards for her works, recalled coming under fire for the comments made in a Channel 4 interview years earlier.
Chimamanda, who supports transwomen and has campaigned for LGBT rights in Nigeria, was criticised by fellow Nigerian author Akwaeke Emezi, who is non-binary, and labelled her 'transphobic'. 
'My feeling is trans women are trans women,' Chimamanda said in the interview. 'I think the whole problem of gender in the world is about our experiences, it's not about how we wear our hair, or whether we have a vagina or a penis, it's about the way the world treats us.'
'I think if you've lived in the world as a man, with the privileges that the world accords to men, and then sort of changed, switched gender, it's difficult for me to accept that then we can equate to your experience with the experience of a woman who has lived from the beginning in the world as a woman, and who has not been accorded those privileges that men are,' Chimamanda continued.
'Transgender people should be allowed to be,' she added. 
Some viewed the comments as transphobic, including Emezi, souring the relationship between the two.
Speaking to The Times 2 Magazine, Chimamanda said: 'I will say what I think and often there are consequences, and I’m willing to accept those consequences.' 
In 2020, Adichie defended an article from JK Rowling deemed transphobic by some as 'perfectly reasonable,' according to the New York Times, causing the feud to blow up once more.
Jacinda Ardern 
New Zealand's former Prime Minister, 44, garnered widespread praise for her leadership - particularly how she navigated the Covid pandemic. Pictured last year
New Zealand's former Prime Minister, 44, garnered widespread praise for her leadership - particularly how she navigated the Covid pandemic - after she became the world's youngest female head of government in October 2017 and only the second world leader to give birth while in office.
Her TV presenter partner - now her husband - became a stay-at-home dad.
After resigning from the PM duties in 2023, Jacinda became an Earthshot Prize Trustee, working with the Prince of Wales on his climate initiative.
In September 2022, when the late Queen Elizabeth died, she stood in for Prince William at an environmental summit in New York City, describing herself as an 'exceptionally poor substitute'.
She was asked personally by the Prince to deputise in his place at the United Nations General Assembly's leaders week.
Backed by the British royal family and beloved environmentalist David Attenborough, the Earthshot Prize grants huge sums to conservation leaders as a way to incentivise sustainability efforts.
'I am an exceptionally poor substitute but I also know we all understand the need for His Royal Highness to be with his family at this time,' she said.
'My message today is one of gratitude and encouragement.
'As governments we have a responsibility to create the incentives and the space for you to flourish ... and the accountability that comes with guardianship.
'We think often of our challenges but imagine for a moment what can be achieved by channeling our potential.'
She is also Special Envoy for the Christchurch Call - which works to combat online extremism following the horrific Christchurch mosque shootings and has worked with the Harvard Kennedy School and the Center for Public Leadership.
Jacinda's latest endeavour looks to be leading the Field Fellowship programme at the Center for American Progress Active Fund.
Francesca Hayward 
The 32-year-old Francesca Hayward was born in Nairobi and moved to Sussex aged two to live with her British grand-parents
The 32-year-old Francesca Hayward was born in Nairobi and moved to Sussex aged two to live with her British grand-parents.
They fuelled her love of dance by giving her a DVD of Tchaikovsky's The Nutcracker, spurring a very decorated career in ballet.
She was cast alongside Taylor Swift and Judi Dench in the film version of the musical Cats and has been a principal dancer in the Royal Ballet, the highest rank possible.
Since featuring on the cover, Francesca has been in productions of Cinderella, The Nutcracker and Manon.
She has also danced at King Charles's Coronation concert.
Adut Akech
She is dating Samuel Elkhier and earlier this summer revealed they are expecting a baby together. Pictured in 2021
Supermodel Adut was only 19 when she graced the historic cover - and has since gone from strength to strength.
As a child refugee, Adut moved from South Sudan to Kenya, where her family was too poor to send her to school. Aged seven, her parents emigrated to Adelaide, Australia. She became a model at 16 and calls Naomi Campbell her 'second mum'.
In 2018, she became only the second black model ever to close the Chanel haute couture show.
In 2020, she and Naomi Campbell both made an appearance in Beyoncé's Brown Skin Girl music video, and that same year Adut graced an American Vogue cover. 
She has also continued her work with major designers including Michael Kors, Victoria's Secret and Valentino.
In 2023, she was also on a historic Vogue cover celebrating Karl Lagerfeld's legacy - and the following year was in the magazine's British edition as a 'fashion industry icon'.
She is dating Samuel Elkhier and earlier this summer revealed they are expecting a baby together. 
Adut, now 24, told Vogue: 'I always said I wanted to be a young mom because I love the idea of growing up with your kids...
'I’m good. I’m excited. I can’t wait. I’m like—can they just come already? I’m kind of over it and I’m just halfway.'
Gemma Chan 
Gemma has also since starred in the Marvel blockbuster Eternals, and the critically divisive Don't Worry Darling, which was at the centre of a PR storm. Pictured in May last year
Gemma, a UK-born Oxford law graduate, 41, turned her back on the legal profession for showbiz. She made her breakthrough in the romantic comedy Crazy Rich Asians and played Minn-Erva in the 2019 film Captain Marvel.
Gemma has also since starred in the Marvel blockbuster Eternals, and the critically divisive Don't Worry Darling, which was at the centre of a PR storm.
Last year, Gemma had also voiced a character in Hayao Miyazaki's The Boy and the Heron. 
The actress has also continued her legacy as a fashion-favourite, often praised as a 'best dressed' A-lister.
This year, she was also among the stars featured on Edward Enninful's final Vogue cover as Editor-In-Chief.
Gemma has also continued to be vocal in her activism against racism, especially during the Covid pandemic - when many of Asian heritage were at the centre of prejudiced attacks.
In 2021, she wrote on Instagram: 'Whilst much of the focus regarding anti-Asian attacks has been on the US, we know the problem is global - including a disturbing rise in hate crimes against people of ESEA appearance in the UK. In London alone attacks have tripled over the past year.
'Like many others, I worry for family members every time they leave the house or use public transport. My mum has worked for the NHS for most of her life - she and my dad have been followed and subjected to a number of verbal assaults since the beginning of the pandemic.
'Whilst I’m relieved that these attacks didn’t become physical, unfortunately that is often not the case...'
Greta Thunberg 
She has not only been nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize, but was the youngest person to ever be Time's person of the year after sparking a 'school strike for the climate'
Greta was only 16 when she made the star-studded line-up of 15, and has since become no less of a powerhouse in youth activism.
She has not only been nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize, but was the youngest person to ever be Time's person of the year after sparking a 'school strike for the climate'.
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex used their Instagram account to follow Greta in 2019 as part of their 'monthly social awareness approach' to their favourite causes.
Five years on, Greta has collected more climate accolades and has even featured in music videos - cementing herself as a pop culture icon.
The young campaigner has been the subject of graffiti murals and statues alike.
Adwoa Aboah 
Adwoah was also the chosen cover star for new editor Edward Enninful's first edition of Vogue in December 2017. Pictured in 2018
Just this week, Adowah also announced that she has become a mother - after revealing her pregnancy at this year's Met Gala
Adwoa Aboah, 32, is an aristocratic supermodel and descendant of the Earl of Lonsdale, whose mother Camilla founded an artist management agency.
She developed depression as a teenager, when she started taking drugs. After an overdose and stay in a psychiatric hospital, she is now a passionate advocate for the promotion of mental health.
Adwoah was also the chosen cover star for new editor Edward Enninful's first edition of Vogue in December 2017.
She has quietly and steadily continued her model work and campaigning over the past five years.
The star has founded Gurls Talk - a 'community-led non-profit organization dedicated to promoting the mental health and wellbeing of adolescent girls and young women', which has a podcast.
Just this week, Adowah also announced that she has become a mother - after revealing her pregnancy at this year's Met Gala.
'Our stunner of a daughter was born at 11:22pm on the 23rd of August by emergency cesarean,' she wrote on Instagram. 'Our hearts have literally exploded into a million pieces. Shy Trinity Afua Wheatley :,).'
Sinead Burke
A fashion fanatic, who would ask for copies of Vogue for her birthday, she started blogging aged 16 to highlight the industry's inability to cater to disabled fans. Pictured in 2022
Sinead Burke, 34, is an Irish activist born with achondroplasia, a bone growth disorder, which means she is just three-and-a-half-feet tall.
A fashion fanatic, who would ask for copies of Vogue for her birthday, she started blogging aged 16 to highlight the industry's inability to cater to disabled fans.
Sinead became well known after her TED talk 'Why design should include everyone' two years ago.
Since her cover, Sinead has put out a bestselling book, featured in the magazine again, and has also become a member of the Irish Council of State.
In 2019, she was also the first little person to attend the Met Gala. 
Adding to her accolades, Sinead has also hosted a very successful podcast - As Me With Sinead - which saw guests including Victoria Beckham, Jamie Lee Curtis, Jameela Jamil, Hozier, Akilah Hughes, Riz Ahmed, Mara Wilson, Radhika Jones, Tig Notaro, Dan Levy, and Florence Welch.
Ramla Ali 
Ramla (right) became 'hooked' but kept her boxing a secret from her strict parents, who found out after her brother saw her competing on television
Ramla Ali, 34, is a champion Somali boxer who arrived in the UK as a refugee.
Bullied in her early teens for being overweight, she discovered boxing after her mother bought her a pass to an East London gym.
Ramla became 'hooked' but kept her boxing a secret from her strict  parents, who found out after her brother saw her competing on television.
She rose to fame after being the first Somali boxer to compete in Olympic boxing in 2020 - and also being the first to win an international gold medal for the country in boxing.
Since featuring on the cover, Ramla has racked in brand ambassadorships at luxury brands like Cartier and Dior - and is a brand ambassador for UNICEF.  
In 2021, Ramla put a book out, titled Not Without a Fight. 
She also took part in the first professional women’s boxing match held in Saudi Arabia in 2022. 
She also featured in the 2023 TIME Women of the Year list, among 11 other global changemakers. Ramla has been vocal in her support for Palestine.
Christy Turlington Burns 
More recently the mother of two, 55, married to actor Edward Burns, has founded Every Mother Counts, a non-profit organisation dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safer worldwide
One of the original Nineties supermodels who shot to stardom with her campaign for Calvin Klein's Eternity perfume.
More recently the mother of two, 55, married to actor Edward Burns, has founded Every Mother Counts, a non-profit organisation dedicated to making pregnancy and childbirth safer worldwide.
Top casting agent James Scully hailed her as: 'The greatest model of all time! You could combine every model to this day into one person, and they wouldn't come close (sorry, girls).'
She has quietly carried on with her work since the cover.
Salma Hayek 
The Hollywood star, 57, is married to French billionaire businessman François-Henri Pinault, Pictured in May 
The Hollywood star, 57, is married to French billionaire businessman François-Henri Pinault. She campaigns to raise awareness of violence against women and discrimination against immigrants (and has said she was once an illegal immigrant in the States after moving from Mexico).
She famously breastfed a new-born whose mother couldn't produce milk on a UNICEF trip to Sierra Leone.
Salma has continued to feature in blockbusters and promote humanitarian endeavours throughout the five years that have passed since 2019. 
Jane Fonda 
Jane Fonda, 86, is the thrice-divorced mother of three has been a frequently controversial political activist. Pictured in May 
Jane Fonda, 86, is the thrice-divorced mother of three who has been a frequently controversial political activist. 
She was a staunch opponent of the Vietnam War, earning her the nickname 'Hanoi Jane' and championed feminist causes, saying in 2017: 'I've been raped, I've been sexually abused as a child and I've been fired because I wouldn't sleep with my boss.' 
A legend in Hollywood, she has won two Best Actress Oscars and been nominated several other times. Has also shifted more than 17 million copies of her legendary exercise videos.
Jane has continued tirelessly championing humanitarian causes. 
In 2022, she revealed that she had cancer after being diagnosed with non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, but told fans at the time she felt 'lucky' as it is 'very treatable.' Months later, she revealed she was already in remission. 
She has previously been diagnosed with both breast and skin cancer, and blamed the latter on her past love of sunbathing. 
Laverne Cox 
Laverne is the first transgender person to appear on the cover of Cosmopolitan magazine. Pictured in May 
The American actress, 52, and transgender advocate found fame on Netflix series Orange Is The New Black and became the first transgender person to be nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award.
She says: 'Most Americans learn what they learn about trans people through the media.'
Laverne is the first transgender person to appear on the cover of Cosmopolitan magazine.
She has continued to highlight campaigns she's passionate about, and earlier this May attended The King's Trust 2024 Global Gala in Lower Manhattan.
King Charles III originally established his charity - formerly known as The Prince's Trust - in 1976 and it has reportedly helped support 1.2M young people and communities in 23 countries.
Yara Shahidi  
Yara was one of the youngest people on the list of 15, as she was only 19 when gracing the Vogue cover. By then, the US actor and model had launched Eighteenx18, a movement to encourage voter turnout, was starring in hit sitcom Grown-ish, and was studying at Harvard. Pictured at the 2023 Met Gala
Yara was one of the youngest people on the list of 15, as she was only 19 when gracing the Vogue cover.
By then, the US actor and model had launched Eighteenx18, a movement to encourage voter turnout, was starring in hit sitcom Grown-ish, and was studying at Harvard.
The young star had been given a letter of recommendation by former First Lady Michelle Obama.
Now 24, Yara has most recently starred in Disney +'s Peter Pan & Wendy and Prime rom-com Sitting in Bars with Cake.
She has also this year signed an open letter calling for a Gaza ceasefire.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group