Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The hot ticket had a different setup this time, creating for a more intimate vibe inside. 
Senior Reporter

	“Congratulations! Is this your first?” Ludwig Göransson was asked entering the Vanity Fair bash, Oscars trophy in hand.

	“My second,” he said. The Swedish composer took home Best Original Score for the music in “Oppenheimer.” He previously won the category in 2018 for “Black Panther.”

	“Lucky you.”

	For its 30th anniversary, Vanity Fair had the after party under one roof this year — a 30,000-square-foot built-out space adjacent to The Wallis Center in Beverly Hills. Design duo Basil Walter and Will Cooper showered it in red, floor to wall, with velvet curtains draping throughout.





	
			Related Articles	
	













	Color Cosmetics
	



	
			Patrick Ta Beauty to Unveil First Beauty Pop-up This Weekend in West Hollywood	
			













	Designer and Luxury
	



	
			Louis Vuitton Is Opening a Mega Flagship in Beverly Hills	
			








	“Everywhere I turn, there’s a familiar face,” remarked a seasoned photographer. It was the ultimate who’s who.

	










			You May Also Like		






	Steven Spielberg was hard to miss, holding court in the very front. The entrance had a lounge-like feel lined with kilim-printed couches. Nearby were Matt Damon, Cynthia Erivo, Sandra Hüller, Busta Rhymes, Heidi Klum, Chloë Sevigny, Eva Longoria. Beck was on his cell. The Haim sisters were belting Usher’s “Caught Up.” Billie Lourd seemed to be calling it a night, her black stilettos off and an In-N-Out burger in hand. Meanwhile Lizzo had just arrived, making her way through the crowd. “Sorry, sorry,” she said in a voluminous chocolate-colored tulle gown. It was now 11 p.m.

	Further, Billie Eilish stood holding her Oscar — winning Best Original Song for “Barbie” ballad “What Was I Made For?” She and brother Finneas O’Connell made history as the youngest two-time Oscar winners (the first was for “No Time to Die”). Among the bunch was Florence Pugh, all smiles as she shared hellos. “I keep bumping into everyone,” she laughed, squeezing through.

	Lindsay Lohan made an appearance, turning heads wherever she went. She congratulated Sean Lennon for his win, taking Best Animated Short Film for “War Is Over!,” inspired by his parents John Lennon and Yoko Ono. “Thank you. Thank you.”

	It was a more intimate vibe than in years past. Many were within eyesight instead of spread out into different indoor areas, though the party stretched back into a massive center bar — with Don Julio’s 1942 tequila on flow — and packed elevated dance floor.

	“It’s hot,” Anderson .Paak turned to say, stepping off the illuminated floor. He had been twirling to Justin Timberlake’s “Rock Your Body.”

	A few were outside keeping cool and enjoying fresh oven-baked pizzas. Anya Taylor-Joy sparkled in a headdress. Cardi B walked out and right back in, feeling the chill. Greta Gerwig stayed warm by heaters on a stool. “I’m ready for a sit,” she smiled.

	Chatter around was now on the Gold party, Beyoncé and Jay Z’s fete at Chateau Marmont. Those with an invite were deciding when to go.

	“I heard it doesn’t get really going until 2 a.m.,” a young singer said. “I’m going to have to stay up.”
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.