Chrissy Teigen is showing some skin.
During a "rare" date with hubby John Legend on Tuesday, the Cravings cookbook author took to her Instagram Story to share her look for the night. Teigen stunned in a plunging black dress and a gold body chain with her surgery scars visible. 
"Date night, very rare but it happens ... boobies out, scars out," Teigen, 38, says in the clip.
In the video, Legend, 45, sweetly walks up behind his wife of nearly 11 years while matching in all black. "We're going out," he says, before softly adding, "Oh yeah, baby," when Teigen shows off her attire.
"Wear a body chain," Teigen continues, pointing out her glittering chain by her scars. "It hides it, kind of."
Teigen -- who welcomed sons Miles, 6, and Wren, 1, and daughters Esti, 1, and Luna, 8, with Legend -- has been open about her surgeries in the past, sharing in January on Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen that she's had three breast jobs.
"I've had my boobs done three times," Teigen stated at the time as her "lie" during "The Lies Have It" game segment before quickly admitting, "I don't even understand this game."
Later in the show, Teigen clarified that the statement was, in fact, the truth. "I've had a lift, a put in, a take them out. I don't like them out," she said with a laugh.
But it wasn't the first time she had been open about her breast augmentation journey. Back in March 2020, Teigen revealed to Glamour UK that she underwent plastic surgery at the age of 20. The initial procedure was motivated by her career as a model, with Teigen expressing a desire for perkiness in swimsuit photos.
"I had a quarter 'teardrop' cup in the bottom and filled out the breast line. But I want them out now," Teigen said at the time. "If I could do one thing, it would be to have a lift."
She then explained to the outlet the impact of pregnancy on her breast implants, saying, "But then you have babies and they fill up with milk and deflate and now I am screwed."
"I think you're supposed to replace [implants] every 10 years," she added. "But when you have kids, you think about [the risks] of surgery and I think, 'This is not the way I want to die, in boob surgery.'"
Teigen eventually decided to have her implants removed. She announced the decision later that year on Instagram, expressing her desire for comfort and the ability to wear clothes in her size without any issues.
"I'll just say it here: I'm getting my boobs out! They've been great to me for many years but I'm just over it," Teigen captioned her May 2020 post in part. "I'd like to be able to zip a dress in my size, lay on my belly with pure comfort! No biggie! So don’t worry about me! All good. I'll still have boobs, they'll just be pure fat. Which is all a tit is in the first place. A dumb, miraculous bag of fat."
After the successful surgery, Teigen's friends threw her a celebratory party, complete with a humorous cake decorated with a tombstone and a frosting chest. The cake read, "RIP 2006-2020," marking the end of Teigen's breast implant era.
Since then, Teigen has shown off her surgery scars on multiple occasions. Earlier this year in March, she stunned in a sheer dress, which she wore to Beyoncé and JAY-Z's private Oscars after-party.
"When the flash hits your boob lift scars 🔥🔥🔥," Teigen captioned an Instagram post at the time that showed off her look. Added Teigen, "You're all zooming I can feel it!!!"
RELATED CONTENT:
Video
News
News
News