By CHIKAMSO CHUKWUENYEM FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  14:25, 31 August 2024   |  Updated:  11:22, 3 September 2024   
 190
View  comments
Rita Ora flaunted her toned physique in a skimpy green bikini and larked about with her pal Kate Moss in photos shared to Instagram on Saturday from her sun-soaked getaway.
The singer, 33, who is signed to the talent agency of Kate, 50, appeared hilariously unfazed as Kate clambered onto her neck in one slide of 13 from Rita's carousel.
The women were on a soft chair on the beach and both wore bikinis - with Kate wearing sunglasses, too. 
In more photos from the post, Rita showed off her incredible figure in the green string Rat & Boa bikini as she emerged from a glistening blue sea.
Rita accessorised with green earrings and green waist beads, gold bracelets, and crystal necklaces.
Rita Ora, 33, flaunted her toned physique in a skimpy green bikini and larked about with her pal Kate Moss, 50, in photos shared to Instagram on Saturday from her sun-soaked getaway 
The singer, who is signed to the talent agency of Kate, appeared hilariously unfazed as Kate clambered onto her neck in one slide of 13 from Rita's carousel
In more photos from the post, Rita showed off her incredible figure in the string bikini as she emerged from a glistening blue sea
In another photo, Rita enjoyed a refreshing slice of watermelon, again showcasing her figure in a bikini. 
The bikini was also green, but a duller, khaki shade, and the Descendants: Rise Of Red actress wore the same jewellery. 
Rita wrote in the caption of the post: 'How can I put the last month in one post? Also when could you have more than 10 photos in one post? This is very good news for me.'
The additional photos included Rita at the gym, on a yacht, in a club, and going out braless in a stunning sheer purple dress.
The post comes after Rita set pulses racing as she went braless in a daring sheer top for a dinner date on Wednesday evening - days after her raunchy Manchester Pride performance.
The Love Me Like You Do hitmaker, who's known for her bold sense of style, looked incredible as she put on a very daring display in the nude mesh ensemble, which featured embroidered details.
Little was left to the imagination, but the star made sure to cover up her nipples with flower-shaped covers underneath the risqué top.
In the snap shared to her Instagram story, she accessorised with an array of gold jewellery and wore her blonde tresses swept back into a sleek updo.
Rita accessorised with green earrings and green waist beads, gold bracelets, and crystal necklaces 
The bikini was also green, but a duller, khaki shade, and the Descendants: Rise Of Red actress wore the same jewellery 
The additional photos included Rita at the gym, on a yacht, in a club, and going out braless in a stunning sheer purple dress (pictured)
For another sexy snap, Rita winked at the camera while lounging on some decking
She showed off her toned stomach again and flashed some under boob in a brown bikini top and a floor-length skirt
She modelled a mustard-coloured bikini and a grey face mask by the pool in another
Rita showed off her flexibility as she stretched her legs on some gym apparatus
She later stunned in a multicoloured skirt, a matching bag, and a complementing pink crop top
She wore a very similarly patterned backless halter neck top for a boat ride
Rita stunned in a mustard ankle-length plunging flowing dress and gracefully looked at the ground behind her
She took a group photo with friends in red lighting
Rita wore a very sexy leather trousers-inspired mini dress seen in a mirror selfie
A final snap showed her highlight her legs in a sheer light navy skirt which trailed the floor
The sexy post comes after Rita set pulses racing as she went braless in a daring sheer top for a dinner date on Wednesday evening - days after her raunchy Manchester Pride performance 
The bold fashion statement comes just after the songstress turned the stage pink at Manchester Pride on Saturday as she frolicked around in a metallic bra and hot pants. 
Rita thrilled the audience with highly energetic performance filled with raunchy dance moves.
She wore a pink and purple unique double bra with pink, gold and green shorts and heeled black boots.
The Fifty Shades actress wore one pink and one gold glove and a pink-purple glitter headpiece.
At one point, Rita bent over seductively and showed off her stunning snake-like gold arm bracelets.
Rita has not released music since January, instead focusing on her acting and new business, a haircare line.
Following in her fellow singers Rihanna's and Beyoncé's footsteps, Rita launched TYPEBEA in April.
She launched the line in Sydney alongside TYPEBEA's co-founder Anna Lahey, and Australian hair expert.
In January, Rita released Shape Of Me, the fourth and final single from her third studio album You & I. 
On August 24, Rita lit up the stage of Manchester Pride 2024 in a sexy colourful barely there outfit
Shape Of Me came a year after the album's first single You Only Love Me and came six months after the release of the album itself.
Rita is known for hit singles Black Widow, with Iggy Azalea, For You with Liam Payne, Let You Love Me, and Anywhere.
In July, Rita appeared in Descendants: The Rise Of Red, the fourth film in Disney's Descendants franchise.
Rita portrayed Queen Of Hearts, and starred alongside China Ann McClain and Rodgers & Hammerstein's Cinderella actors Brandy and Paolo and Montalban.
The singer recently enjoyed a night out with her husband Taika Waititi while on holiday in the town of Timisoara in Romania.
The duo looked relaxed and happy as they made their way around the streets of the southeastern European country, where Rita recently headlined the City Celebration event.
Earlier this month Rita celebrated her husband Taika's 49th birthday with a star-studded celebration on the Spanish island of Ibiza.
The couple posed together for a loved up snap before getting on with the proceedings, which included the Anywhere hitmaker singing Happy Birthday to Taika.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group