The girlies that get it not only get it, but they wear Alexander McQueen, too.
Source: Dia Dipasupil / Getty
The fashion girlies have been crushing over this one Alexander McQueen set, and this week, Tracee Ellis Ross showed us why. She took to social media in a stunning bold lime green knit outfit from the celebrity-favorite designer that deserves its moment in the spotlight. 
(No matter how many times it’s been worn.)
Sporting the vibrant ensemble to a family affair, Tracee gave us a masterclass in making a fashion trend your own while reminding us that some looks are just that good.
 


					Related Stories
				





Image Architect Law Roach Confirms Collaboration With Zendaya For Her Wedding Dress






Barry Jenkins To Direct A24’s Ronnie Spector Biopic Starring Zendaya






Watch Teaser: Zendaya Cast In ‘Shrek 5’ As Shrek’s Teenage Daughter In Full Circle Moment






Earlier this year, Yung Miami brought the heat in the same lime green masterpiece while taping her hit podcast Caresha Please. And before that, Zendaya wowed us all during her interview on The Jennifer Hudson Show.       
Each star gave the look her own twist, making it uniquely hers. Yung Miami and Zendaya leaned into the outfit’s sultry vibe, showing body, curves, and skin.
Tracee, alternatively, reimagined the look with an added layer of sophistication. She slipped on a matching neon green sheer sleeveless top underneath. Tracee’s take was elegant and elevated without losing the fun, high-fashion energy of the outfit.
With this fit’s electric color, trendy fabric texture, and interchangeable pieces— it is no surprise this set is a baddie must-have. 
It’s no surprise that Alexander McQueen has become a favorite among Hollywood’s elite, particularly Black women who continue to dominate fashion conversations. It’s clear Alexander McQueen loves the Hollywood “it girls,” and the Hollywood “it girls” love Alexander McQueen. 
McQueen has long been a go-to for iconic moments. Beyoncé famously wore McQueen several times during her Renaissance World Tour and recently to promote “Cowboy Carter.” 
Lupita Nyong’o turned heads in a regal sequins McQueen dress during her headline-making press tour for “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever.”
Source: Gareth Cattermole / Getty
And, we are still catching our breath from Cardi B’s fall Paris Fashion Week McQueen look wearing a fabulous fur-lined tan coat, the “Enough” rapper screamed luxury.
Source: Dave Benett / Getty
What makes Alexander McQueen such a standout in the fashion world? The brand’s boldness, meticulous attention to detail, and ability to create pieces that celebrate individuality and trend.
The girlies that get it not only get it, but they wear Alexander McQueen, too.
RELATED
Megan Thee Stallion Visited The White House In An Alexander McQueen Look
Tracee Ellis Ross Rocks $1100 Knee High Boots – In The Middle Of Summer 


Why Fashion Girlies Like Tracee Ellis Ross Can’t Get Enough Of This Alexander McQueen Lime Green Set 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Listen Live								

									Weekend Roundup: Love, Noise, & MLK Community Day								

									iPower Under 30: Antonio Knoxx								

									Weekend Roundup: Neverland, VMFA Afterhours, & The Big Game								

									iPower Under 30: Rivers Taylor								

									Weekend Roundup: Black Panther, Hip Hop Skating, & More!								

									Weekend Roundup: The Fan, Brunch, & “Mr. Cooper”								

									Win A New Home with St. Jude's Home Giveaway!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.