AllHipHop
AllHipHop
Cardi B and Offset were reportedly working it all out until all this new drama unfurled! 

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Cardi B and Offset Are On the Rocks, and It’s All Playing Out on Social Media!
Alright, let’s cut to the chase on a rumor that’s no longer a rumor because it’s been officially debunked. Before everything hit the fan, word on the street was that Cardi B and Offset were actually working things out. They were all smiles at their kid’s birthday party, celebrating like a happy family. They even pulled up hand-in-hand, looking like they were in a good space. Some folks claimed it was all for show, but my sources swore they’d reconciled, and the divorce was off the table.
So, what happened? It looks like cheating accusations on both sides blew this whole situation wide open. But here’s the kicker — Offset apparently lost it over something Cardi did during her pregnancy. Word is, she slept with another dude while she was pregnant, and now that guy’s name has surfaced. Meet Rico Knight. We don’t know much about him, but he’s the alleged other man. The wild part? Cardi allegedly claims they’ve been going at it for years!
Now this is messy! For so long, people were quick to criticize Offset for his cheating, but it turns out they were both doing dirt on each other. Yikes! The so-called “ghetto JAY-Z and Beyoncé” have crashed and burned, and now the whole thing is up in flames!
What’s next? Honestly, your guess is as good as mine! Some people think it’s all just an act, but I find it hard to believe anyone could fake this level of drama in front of the world. I mean, how could two grown folks be out here airing their mess like this? But hey, this is the wild world we live in today. Shoutout to everyone holding down their marriages — it’s hard out here, but it can’t be as crazy as this divorce drama.
I am confused. How is she mad at him for cheating but she was stepping out the whole time?
And let’s not forget the kids in all this. R.I.P. Takeoff.
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity