By MELODY FLETCHER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:09, 28 November 2024   |  Updated:  10:45, 28 November 2024   
 35
View  comments
Taylor Swift fans have furiously slammed Billboard after they included a naked waxwork figure of the singer in their video to celebrate her being named the second greatest pop star of the 21st century.
The figure came from the 2016 music video of Kanye West’s controversial song Famous, which featured the lyric: 'I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex / Why? I made that b**** famous.'
In the divisive video, the naked waxwork was placed in a bed next to others of high-profile individuals such as Amber Rose, Donald Trump, Rihanna, and Kanye himself.
At the time, the move was criticised as being mysoginistic and Taylor and Kanye were embroiled in an ongoing feud.
'Taylor is furious after seeing Kanye’s video. She feels like she’s been assaulted,' a source told HollywoodLife.com at the time. 
So, after Billboard chose to include that clip in the video that was celebrating her success and achievements, many fans were left seething, despite the publication posting an apology.
Taylor Swift fans have slammed Billboard after they included a naked waxwork figure of her in their video to celebrate her being named the second greatest pop star of the 21st century
The figure came from the music video of Kanye West’s controversial 2016 song Famous
Following the extreme backlash on Thursday, Billboard wrote on X: 'We are deeply sorry to Taylor Swift and all of our readers and viewers that in a video celebrating Swift’s achievements, we included a clip that falsely depicted her. 
'We have removed the clip from our video and sincerely regret the harm we caused with this error.'
Unhappy fans raged: 'Okay, Billboard‘s intention was to recap everything that happened in her entire career, i get that. But was it really necessary to include THAT scene? Just nasty, disrespectful and unprofessional. #BillboardIsOverParty'
'Taylor and her team should take strict action cuz that was so unprofessional and problematic on billboard’s part.' 
'That was intentional and nasty.'
'They honestly could've used one of her many photos and they chose something that's not even really her. the disrespect.'
'Disappointing choice by Billboard, disrespecting Taylor's boundaries again.' 
'I just saw what @billboard did. YOU ARE DISGUSTING!!! I hope Taylor never attends again in your f****** stupid awards!!! #BillboardIsOverParty'
'@billboard there’s no justification for digging up that footage and including it in an homage to Taylor that was supposed to celebrate her artistry. Callously using not just her trauma, but a crime against her likeness to generate attention towards your list demands an apology.'
At the time, the move was criticised as being mysoginistic and Taylor and Kanye were embroiled in an ongoing feud
Following the extreme backlash on Thursday, Billboard issued an apology
So, after Billboard chose to include that clip in the video that was celebrating her success and achievements, many fans were left seething
'@billboard was mentioning the kanye feud and the famous video and lyrics really important in announcement video for taylor in greatest artists list?? how’s that relevant to her legacy and accomplishments??? you’re a piece of s***!'
'It’s baffling that Billboard would resurface that footage, used to humiliate and harass Taylor Swift, and include it in a video meant to honor her artistry. This level of disrespect is outrageous. She deserves an apology #billboardisoverparty'
'Let’s be clear—this was no ‘error.’ It was malicious intent, thoughtfully produced to shame. Billboard deliberately used a revenge porn image to disrespect Taylor Swift in a video meant to celebrate her achievements. Whoever approved this must be held accountable.'
MailOnline has contacted Billboard for comment. 
The seeds of the feud between Taylor and Kanye were planted at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards on September 13, 2009 at Radio City Music Hall in New York City.
In the infamous exchange, Kanye infamously interrupted Taylor during her victory speech for the Best Female Video award for You Belong With Me, which had been nominated against Beyonce's Single Ladies.
He emerged on the stage and took the microphone from the singer, telling her, 'Yo, Taylor, I'm really happy for you, I'mma let you finish. But Beyonce had one of the best videos of all-time! One of the best videos of all-time.'
While the musical stars appeared to be on better terms in the years following - they were pictured at a number of events in the years after - things blew up after the release of Famous.
Kayne claimed at the time that Taylor had given him her blessing to refer to her as a 'B****' in the lyrics of the song, in a reference to the VMAs incident. 
The seeds of the feud between Taylor and Kanye were planted at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards on September 13, 2009 at Radio City Music Hall in New York City
In 2019, Taylor spoke to Vogue about how she dealt with the high-profile scandal, saying she channeled her energies into her material (seen in 2024)
Taylor said she never made such an agreement, leading to a public feud with West after he and his former wife Kim Kardashian in July of 2016 released a call West and Swift had over the contents of the Famous song.
Kim alluded to Taylor as a snake upon the release of the call, saying in a tweet, 'Wait it's legit National Snake Day?!?!?They have holidays for everybody, I mean everything these days!'
In 2019, Taylor spoke to Vogue about how she dealt with the high-profile scandal, saying she channeled her energies into her material.
'A mass public shaming, with millions of people saying you are quote-unquote canceled, is a very isolating experience,' she said of the difficult time. 'When you say someone is canceled, it's not a TV show. It's a human being.
'You're sending mass amounts of messaging to this person to either shut up, disappear, or it could also be perceived as, "Kill yourself."'
The newest Billboard backlash comes after fans went ballistic on social media after learning that ranked her the second greatest pop star of the 21st century rather than giving her the number one spot.
After bestowing her the covetable title, the outlet recognized that the inevitable controversy that would 'tear through the internet over her being just one small space below No. 1 is just another testament to her power.'
While defending their decision not to give her number one which will presumably go to musical powerhouse Beyoncé, Billboard reminded readers that Swift got a 'much later' start in the millennium in both 'the genre and music in general.'
The newest Billboard backlash comes after fans went ballistic on social media after learning that ranked her the second greatest pop star of the 21st century rather than giving her number one
Still, Swifties were enraged by the editorial decision made by Billboard's staff, who undertook the difficult task of ranking the top 25 greatest pop stars of the 21st century.
Underneath the announcement on Instagram, a number of  fans expressed their outrage as they referred to the list as a 'joke' and firmly insisted the Fortnight hitmaker had been 'robbed.'
'This is pathetic and should ACTUALLY be corrected,' one commented. 'Who approved this list? First of all, yalls bs lists are always unbelievably inaccurate.' 
Another wrote: 'She deserved #1 don’t even lie she is the biggest artist of all time not just of the century.'
'How according to Billboard was Taylor the 8th on thr "greatest artist of all time list" but she isn’t the greatest artist of this century???? Beyonce isn't even top 10 AND It was before folklore, evermore, all the tvs, midnights, the eras tour, TTPD????' a third asked.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group