On one hand a large segment of the Republican party base does not seem to support Mike Johnson, the alligator emojis coalition certainly does not. However, on the other hand, almost everyone supports President Trump sans the alligator emoji tribe.
President Trump is trying to avoid a painful Speaker battle again and officially endorsing Mike Johnson for another term as Speaker of the House via his Truth Social account.
“We are the Party of COMMON SENSE, a primary reason that we WON, in a landslide, the magnificent and historic Presidential Election of 2024. ALL SEVEN SWING STATES, 312 ELECTORAL COLLEGE VOTES, AND THE POPULAR VOTE BY MILLIONS OF VOTERS (Despite large scale voter fraud taking place in numerous states, including California, where votes are ridiculously still being counted, or under review!), ALL WON WITH EASE, CALM, & PROFESSIONALISM.
Republicans are being praised for having run a “legendary” campaign! Democrats are being excoriated for their effort, having wasted 2.5 Billion Dollars, much of it unaccounted for, with some being used to illegally buy endorsements ($11,000,000 to Beyoncé, who never even sang a song, $2,000,000 to Oprah for doing next to nothing, and even $500,000 to Reverend AL, a professional con man and instigator, who agreed to “interview” their “star spangled” candidates, Kamala and Joe).
We ran a flawless campaign, having spent FAR LESS, with lots of money left over. They ran a very expensive “sinking ship,” embracing DOJ & FBI WEAPONIZATION against their political opponent, ME. BUT IT DIDN’T WORK, IT WAS A DISASTER!!!
LETS NOT BLOW THIS GREAT OPPORTUNITY WHICH WE HAVE BEEN GIVEN. The American people need IMMEDIATE relief from all of the destructive policies of the last Administration. Speaker Mike Johnson is a good, hard working, religious man. He will do the right thing, and we will continue to WIN. Mike has my Complete & Total Endorsement. MAGA!!!” (read more)
It will be interesting to see what the House republicans do in the vote this Friday.
WASHINGTON DC – […] Trump’s endorsement comes as Johnson faced some resistance from Hill conservatives ahead of Friday’s vote, but the president-elect’s backing could stifle other opposition. The slim GOP majority in the House for Friday’s vote means that Johnson can only afford to lose two Republican votes. Democrats are expected to universally oppose Johnson, and Rep. Thomas Massie (R-Ky.) has already signaled his opposition.
Johnson has been quietly calling House Republicans in an effort to quell some of the brewing dissent, according to two Republicans familiar with the conversations who were granted anonymity to discuss them.
Johnson has committed to maintaining better communication with his GOP members, after the internal GOP chaos of the federal funding meltdown infuriated House Republicans before the holidays. Some members left the Capitol for the holidays openly saying that they felt deceived by the speaker and warned that his gavel was at risk Jan. 3.
Many Republicans see Trump’s endorsement as a critical boost for Johnson. (more)
For the record, I am not a fan of Mike Johnson. On the other hand, President Trump is between a rock and a hard place. I ask all of you folks who are admonishing Trump for his endorsement to name someone who is full-on MAGA that can get elected to the speakership. There are people who would probably be great choices, but they probably have a snowball’s chance in hell to get the votes. Maybe one day the people can elect a large majority of MAGA Republicans to the House and change the dynamic; however, that is not currently the case. The Republicans have only a slim majority with only a few RINOs needed to stop any MAGA Republican from getting elected speaker. Hopefully Trump made a deal with Johnson that he won’t be able to break; maybe something related to holding back info that would embarrass him or something of that nature.
But I have to keep accepting the beatings, because the options could be worse! Johnson is a cowardly betraying snake weasel of a man. McCarthy was too. As was Paul Ryan. And always you are told you must continue to accept crap weasel leadership because otherwise it will be worse. Because otherwise the other crap weasels won’t vote for a decent man or woman to be speaker. AAAAARRRRGGGGHHHH!
Makes me wanna Holler. This cannot continue. It’s unacceptable.
Now Trump saying his confirmation are going to be stalled. He deserves everything he gets from the Senate. McConnell still owns Trump. He could have did recess appointment and have everyone in place. Instead he played the Rino game and going to lose again to MCCONNELL, Thume and the Rinos, again
Agreed – we get the same excuses year after year of why we have to put up with this. Why can’t someone (President Trump) come up with a way to shut this down and take over? He supposedly is the smartest person in the room. I don’t get it. Where is the 50-D chess?
Interesting to read all the angst here for this smelly decision by Trump.
This is just another example of what happens when We the People abdicate our responsibility to preserve Liberty. When will we realize that we cannot expect one man – any one man – to shoulder OUR burden?
Voices and Votes Will. Not. Fix. This.
and
There is no political solution to Tyranny. These truths ought to be obvious by now.
Yes!! Thank you! Government is actually just a reflection of the people.
I suggest taking the late Rush’s advice and move to Realville.  Or as Rummie would say, “You go to war with the army you have, not the army you wish you had”.
It’s not a question of decent men accepting the job though. It’s something systemic that we’re not seeing, affecting the decisions of those who accept that job. By all accounts, Mike Johnson was the right guy before he “picked up the gavel”. Hardline conservative, pro privacy, free-speech, and freedom, and Christian, which MAGA loves. Then, he flips in only a few months on the job.  He accepted complete garbage from the Dems in that recent CR before Elon Musk, not Trump, spoke up and submerged it. There’s something happening behind the scenes to the political leaders that we’re not seeing.
Look, it’s nothing “behind the scenes” except bare-knuckled politics.
Excellent analysis, thank you.
Now is not the time.
Or maybe Johnson is just a gutless wonder who while in the presence of Trumps pheromones might get a bounce in his testosterone count. Yes we have to play the cards we are delt at the time.
You are absolutely right.  Byron Donalds is being promoted as another speaker.  However, Donalds is also promoting digital currency with the Dems, part of Big Tech’s goals.  Donalds’ number one aide, Larry Wilcoxson, is a felon.   Wilcoxson has been arrested multiple times including for child molestation. Link
https://swflorida.blogspot.com/search?q=wilcoxson#google_vignette
Yes!! Thank you!
Sorry, I’m not gay. I don’t understand the alligator emoji reference. Is that something like swinging couples keeping a pink flamingo statue in front of the house as a secret code?
My best guess is that an alligator emoji refers to Floridians? This guess is probably wrong, but hopefully will help get someone to provide the correct answer.
It’s code for the Powdered Bottom ron! DeSeaIslandsantis Crowd of Never Trumpers .
In the swamp alligator is king.
I live in a real swamp.. it’s much preferable to the District Of Criminality..
Still waiting on the President’s comments about the insults heaped upon Americans by two ingrate billionaires who came here and insulted his base and our country.
Me too. Apparently Elon is so sure of himself he thinks he can insult the MAGA people (who, by putting President Trump in office allowed  Musk to have the job he has). Elon is too immature to recognize what he has done and too cocky to apologize for it. Does not portend well for the future. Trump can’t have his “appointments” acting like they own the joint – they don’t.
bad choice trump, the guy is a SUPER rino…
“Speaker Mike Johnson is a… religious man.”
And that really is part of his problem.  Enough of religious people, with their man-made pieties, reasoning their way into the selling out of this country.  Give me instead men and women of God, who’ve come to grips with their own moral failures and rely instead on the wisdom of God, personified in the person of Jesus Christ.
Mike Johnson, like the late Jimmy Carter before him, has instincts that will continue to mislead him to do the easy thing, but not necessarily the right thing, which is often the hard thing that’s required when a course of correction is mandated.  I agree with the President that we cannot afford a bruising and protracted Speaker fight, in which every other effort to course correct is held up awaiting the outcome.  The Democrat party would love it, the country cannot afford it.  The damage Biden and his illegitimate cabal have inflicted is too deep and the need to address it is urgent.
But like Puppet Joe, the Speaker will have to be led and directed.  He has proven that he cannot be trusted to exercise a control on the tiller of this nation that his position would normally dictate.  Mike Johnson is a ‘nice’ guy and short of a Damascus road moment, that is all he will be.  But he’s not the man for this moment.  He’s merely the small price we have to pay right now, while our numbers in the House are slim, to keep this train rolling.  
J
He’s a COWARD. That’s all.
Those that make such a big to do over being a Christian is a big red flag to me.
Jimmy Carter, Traitor Mike Pence & now turn coat Mike Johnson.  There is a pattern here.
It is as if it is a smoke screen hiding who they really are.
Mike Johnson is out of his league when it comes to being speaker…..I think PT knows Johnson can be totally controlled and will do as PT wishes. Whereas Dealing with another Speaker , his ego or independent thoughts, would be more of a pain in his ars.
I am beginning to think that President Trump enjoys being shivved in the back.
I will refrain from posting images of Johnson in his native Clown Face… this time
But that doesnt mean im pretending not to notice things …One thing for sure, You simply cannot be MAGA and say sht like this. There are several more examples.
Fix the election fraud that protects the UniParty in Congress.
Brilliant!
How about you facing a few political realities.
If you believe that you have the answers and can bring in a better Speaker than Johnson, then Do It!!!
Otherwise what you are saying is nothing more than whining and complaining.
The majority of common sense, reality based Treepers can see that forest through the trees.
Thank you, Abigail. Yes. Why do I feel like I’m sitting with Israelites back in the Old Testament who are complaining about the bread from heaven?
My comment is directed at those who still believe Johnson is MAGA. Not you of course! As I said already, there is no better option at the moment. Grrrr
Too many grenades exploding all at once. His time will come.
Dear friends in Louisiana, we appear to have a Mike Johnson problem, but I guess you knew that.  Your attention to this matter is greatly appreciated.
Even with PDJT’s endorsement the House Republicans – read RINOs will screw this up.  Massive, Boebert, Roy and all the other Republican RINOs are just as corrupt as the House Democrats and twice as full of themselves deluded into thinking they are more important than the MAGA movement.  Sadly, PDJT has no wiggle room on speakers.  Johnson is better than any realistic alternative.
There sure is a lot of griping on this thread. One comment I agree with wholeheartedly is the point that we cannot count on certification on January 6th. President Trump is wise, in this regard, to hang on to Speaker Johnson. Without him, we don’t have the votes to certify and we can certainly count on the Dems to refuse to certify. Without certification, we can forget all we’ve been hoping for and fighting for.  If we manage to survive January 6th with an intact certification, I will be grateful.  
If PDJT sees fit to endorse Mike Johnson, I believe he has very good reasons for doing so. We may not always know what those reasons are.
My key question: If not Johnson then who? As underwhelming as Johnson is, I don’t see a Nigel Farage equivalent on the horizon. Better perhaps just to size the Executive Branch marionette fingers to fit within the Johnson puppet, rather than taking any chances with any wild cards.
cross posted at https://freedomaustralia.freeforums.net/thread/6554/president-trump-endorses-johnson-speaker
I promised myself I would not get upset.
well…the promise just elapsed.
I AM PISSED OFF
I remain steadfast with our champion regardless, through the thick and the thin.
and you know why?
he has proven to me that no matter what the controversy, he remains focused on the BIG PICTURE and exceeds my expectations…nearly every single time.
and that is more important than getting pissed off because of the likes of Mikey Johnston
Yes I am impatient.  I recognize this. It’s my weakness.  But just smart enough to recognize that President Trump is not.
God Bless America
I want him to FEAR us, and P. Trump more than he likes him, more than Schumer, McCarthy, or anyone else. 
To fear that an invisible “friend” might find him one night and cut his balls off in a dark garage. THAT kind of fear. P. Trump’s being too nice.
Thank you! Yes, I agree. I’m sitting on pins and needles before the 6th. Meanwhile, Trump has ALWAYS championed America. He has never failed. He has gone through nightmares for our country, and all some can do is moan, gripe, complain. Our country is in desperate need of repairs and much healing. God sends us humans, not perfect angels. I stand with Trump, even if I don’t always agree with him. He is a GIFT and a BLESSING!
Don’t like Johnson but it is the right decision.
Johnson really f**ked up on the budget bill, but Trump is giving him a temporary reprieve in the interest of expediency.  Let’s see how this works out.