Want to know more about Dangerous Dave? Get their official bio, social pages & articles!Full Bio
There's a new list online of "the SMALLEST hills people are willing to die on" . . . in other words, it might be a silly debate, but they are NOT willing to give any ground on their opinion.
They were provided by random people online. Here are the highlights:
1. A "girl" is a kid. A female who has gone through puberty is a WOMAN.
2.  Nickelback is a "great band."
3.  Aaliyah will always be Number One over Beyoncé.
4.  "Grease 2" will always be better than "Grease".
5. If you choose to sit outside while eating or drinking, you can't complain when an insect ends up in your food or drink.  (This person is probably a server.)
6. You don't have to forgive anybody you don't want to.
7. Texting should only be used for short one-sentence messages . . . not elaborate conversations.
8. It's "car-a-mel," not "car-mel."  (But this is regional. "Carr-uh-mel" is a British English pronunciation that's more prevalent in the East and South, while "caar-mul" with a long 'A' is an American English one.)
9. Dogs belong on furniture and in beds. "We owe them comfort."
10. Condiments are gross. "Hot dogs and fries are perfect the way they are."
11. People who correct grammar on the internet are often more annoying than those who make the mistakes.
12. Don't use your speakers on public transit. Headphones only.
13. Nobody should ever blow their nose in public. Go to the bathroom or anywhere else out of earshot.
14. Stop signs should all be replaced by a yield sign. "If you aren't paying attention, a stop sign makes no difference, and if you are, yielding is sufficient."
15. Read the damn privacy policy on everything. "Protect yourself."
16. "Pumpkin carving is when you cut shapes OUT of a pumpkin. Pumpkin sculpting is when you remove the skin and scrape 3-D shapes with the pulp. And THEY ARE NOT THE SAME THING!"  (???)
(Buzzfeed.com has more. Here's a previous list we saw two years ago.)
Originally posted on October 17th, 2024