By STEPHANIE TAKYI and LAURA FOX FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:09, 22 May 2024   |  Updated:  13:57, 22 May 2024   
 2.7k
View  comments
Insiders have revealed the reason why Kelly Rowland scolded an assistant on the red carpet at the Cannes Film Festival - and claimed that she 'doesn't care' if she comes across as a diva.
The singer, 43, had been attending the premiere of the French film Marcello Mio, and looked stunning in a busty red flowing gown.
As Kelly made her way up the famous steps, she appeared to engage in a verbal dispute with a member of security after she held up her arm to guide her into the venue.
However, it has been revealed that the tiff came about because staff members at the iconic French festival were 'being aggressive' and Kelly had 'had it' with them.
‘The people who are assigned to helping stars walk the red carpet were being aggressive and Kelly was trying to ignore it,' an insider told DailyMail.com. 
Kelly Rowland has been pictured appearing to scold a security guard while walking the red carpet at the Cannes Film Festival on Tuesday
'By the time she got to the last woman she had had it because she scolded Kelly and told her to move when she was trying to wave to fans and help the paparazzi get their shot,' they added.
The source also revealed: 'She doesn’t care if she comes across like a diva if she knows that she is advocating for herself. She isn’t fake and wanted to set a clear boundary.'
Footage from the altercation shows a furious Kelly visibly scolding the staff member as she held up her finger to admonish the woman in front of the crowd in attendance.
The security guard appeared to frantically respond to Kelly, who even turned back to continue her tirade as she made her way up the rest of the steps.
However, as Kelly made her way up the famous steps at the festival, she appeared to engage in a verbal dispute with a member of security
The singer had been attending the premiere of the French film Marcello Mio, and looked stunning in a busty red flowing gown 
Kelly's reaction comes just weeks after the star walked out of an appearance on the Today show in February, though the reason for this has been disputed.
It had been claimed that Kelly skipped out on co-hosting the rest of the Today show alongside anchor Hoda Kotb because she was dissatisfied with her dressing room, forcing Rita Ora to step in at the last minute. 
However sources have since claimed that Kelly had actually walked off the show due to 'disrespect' shown to her by Hoda's co-host Savannah Guthrie who 'aggressively' questioned her about Beyoncé - rather than ask the singer about what she was there to promote - her new film Mea Culpa.
The dressing room excuse was also even seemingly confirmed by Hoda herself, when she offered Rowland to share her dressing next time she comes on the show.
However, it appears Hoda's comments stirred the pot even further, as an insider told The Wrap that Kelly left after she 'felt disrespected' after Guthrie asked her a series of questions about her friend and former bandmate Beyoncé.
'Kelly was offended that Savannah repeatedly and aggressively asked her about Beyoncé,' the insider told the outlet. 
'Kelly was upset about Savannah's aggressive questioning about Beyoncé. She and her team were not happy and felt disrespected.'
A member of security appeared to hold up her arm to guide Kelly into the venue, sparking the red carpet dispute
Visibly scolding her, Kelly appeared furious who held up her finger to admonish the woman in front of the crowd in attendance
Kelly appeared furious during the exchange with a member of the security at the festival
The dispute continued as Kelly made her way up the steps, with the star turning round and continuing to admonish the staff
Insiders told DailyMail.com the real reason for the dispute on the red carpet
Kelly's reaction comes just weeks after the star walked out of an appearance on The Today Show in February, though the reason for this has been disputed
It had been claimed that Kelly skipped out on co-hosting the rest of the Today show alongside Hoda Kotb because she was dissatisfied with her dressing room
However sources have since claimed that Kelly actually walked off the show due to 'disrespect' shown to her by Savannah Guthrie who 'aggressively' questioned her about Beyoncé
The dressing room excuse was also even seemingly confirmed by Hoda herself, when she offered Rowland to share her dressing next time she comes on the show
A source told TMZ soon after, however, that Kelly was not aggressively asked about Beyonce , and adamantly denied claims that this caused her Today Show walk-out
A source told TMZ soon after, however, that Kelly was not aggressively asked about Beyonce, and adamantly denied The Wrap's claims.
The Wrap insider said that the dressing room accommodations had nothing to do with Rowland's exit.
'The story was spun that Kelly didn't like her dressing room, but she has been on the Today show numerous times, she and her team know the dressing room set up,' the insider said.
'That would not come as a surprise at all.'
Before Rowland left the set of the NBC chat series, she was asked by Guthrie: 'What do you think about your friend Beyoncé?' to which she replied, 'I'm so proud of her.'
Guthrie then veered the discussion toward Beyoncé's newly-announced foray into country music with her album Act II, asking Rowland, 'Were you surprised and what do you think about it?'
Rowland replied, 'I'm so proud of her - so happy for her.'
The insider told the outlet that Rowland and her team will not agree to an interview that involves questions about Beyoncé and Destiny's Child, as 'she wants to leave that behind' and move forward in her career.
The Wrap reported that the Today show 'does not typically agree to interview topics being off-limits ahead of time,' which could have led to a miscommunication.
Another source told the outlet that Rowland left because of the shoddy dressing room accommodations.
Separate sources told TMZ that the issue was not about Beyonce, and the insider insisted that Rowland's exit was due to the show's dressing rooms - described as 'dumpy, glorified closets.'
Rowland's staffers were unsuccessful in procuring her a new dressing room, as another one upstairs was occupied by Jennifer Lopez, sources said.
Kelly failed to address the real reason for her decision to walk out of The Today Show, insisting in later interviews she was focused on promoting her new movie role.
Ahead of her security clash, Kelly had stunned on the red carpet in a red strapless custom Loewe gown with a lengthy train as she posed for snaps at the event.
Showing off her svelte physique, Kelly's dress included a loose bodice that highlighted her ample cleavage.
The dress flowed into a floor-length skirt with a train that followed Kelly as she made her way along the red carpet.
Adding a touch of glamour to her look, Kelly accessorized with a sparkly diamond necklace and clutch bag.
Ahead of her security clash, Kelly had stunned on the red carpet in a red strapless custom Loewe gown with a lengthy train as she posed for snaps at the event 
Cannes is the world's biggest film festival, first conceived in 1939 as an alternative to the then-fascist-influenced Venice Film Festival

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group