Doctor Who is back. We love to see romps through space and time with the Doctor, his companion(s), and the TARDIS, and this season will certainly give us all of that. But that’s not the only reason we are happy about season 1. Ncuti Gatwa, who is one of the most stylish men on Earth, is playing our beloved Doctor and he’s not shy about using the TARDIS closet. We’ve already seen quite a few photos of Fifteen and Ruby Sunday in some sweet threads. So, in honor of his impeccable fashion sense, here’s every single outfit that Ncuti Gatwa wears in Doctor Who. 
Like many Doctors, the first outfit we see Ncuti Gatwa in is his predecessor’s clothing. But, unlike previous Doctors, their bigeneration means he is only wearing the top half of the outfit. Fifteen wants to know what the hell is going on while wearing a white shirt, a patterned tie, white undies, and hi-top Chuck Taylors. He doesn’t even bother to change clothes before he pops off for new adventures.
At the beginning of the episode, we see Ncuti Gatwa’s Doctor wearing that brown jacket and the striped shirt (with some chest peeking out) from several promo pics. It’s a shot from the waist up, so we don’t get the full outfit until later in the episode, which also includes blue trousers and his very cool trainers (sneakers for us American folks). Even as his outfits change, he wears an assortment of necklaces and rings to really accent things. Ncuti told us that Ralph Lauren’s HBCU line as well as his own style will influence the Doctor’s looks, which is very cool. 
The Doctor wears a few outfits while keeping an eye on Ruby before their first proper meeting. His yellow undershirt and kilt are truly a vibe as he twirls on the dance floor. Ruby stares at him and, honestly, we were staring too. When he steps outside, we get to see his black leather jacket and boots that really complete the outfit. 
We also see him watching her play the piano while wearing a brown and black plaid suit, an orange sweater, and a cowboy hat. We need him to bring that look back and put Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter on his jukebox right now.
At the end of the episode, he’s changed his shirt to a grey zipup sweater with colorful stripes! Still looking fly. 
There’s no costume changes for this one. He keeps the look from the end of the Christmas special for their first space adventure. 
This Doctor Who episode starts with Ncuti Gatwa wearing a very casual street outfit: an orange short sleeved button down shirt, Levi Jeans, his trainers, and a blue belt. 
But, Ruby brings up the very valid point of them changing clothes and he makes a change. That blue pinstriped suit is the business. It’s giving Temptations! Also, is the Doctor wearing a wig and faux sideburns with that suit? Yes, he is.
“Boom” is quite the explosive episode, even with the Doctor mostly stuck on a landmine. But, at least Ncuti Gatwa’s Doctor Who outfits continue to be on point. He’s wearing a black jacket over a white shirt with a nice pair of tan trousers. His boots are also the business. Love to see it.
The Fifteenth Doctor was only in this episode for a matter of minutes. (Here’s an explanation of why.) But whew is Ncuti Gatwa’s Doctor Who outfit so good in this one. The orange coat, striped shirt, and the reddish orange beanie are all a vibe.
We don’t physically see the Doctor much in this episode but he does a repeat of his orange sweater and brown plaid suit. When he appears on Lindy’s screen, he loses the jacket for a better look at his sweater.
Now this is the outfit of all Ncuti Gatwa Doctor Who outfits. The Regency era drip is unmatched and he is too dapper for words! 
Even as the world is ending, the Doctor knows how to look good. He keeps it simple with a white T-shirt, black leather jacket, jeans, and boots as he faces Sutekh alongside Ruby and our favorite mad auntie Mel.
The Doctor gets in one more outfit change before going back to a previous look at the very end. He keeps his white shirt but trades out the jeans for a lighter linen. Simple but Ncuti makes everything look good! 
Another season of Doctor Who, another round of Ncuti Gatwa being the Style God that he is. This season continues to use the TARDIS closet to its fullest with both Fifteen and his new companion Belinda Chandra changing up their clothes. 
The first episode doesn’t give her much to work with considering she’s kidnapped in the middle of the night by robots. However, Ncuti Gatwa gets a few fits off, including a plaid jacket with a blue striped kilt. 
Later on, he loses that jacket only to reveal that there’s a fab vest under it. We saw it in the trailers and quite a few promo materials. 
And, while in disguise on Missbelindachandra, he wears the standard issue outfit that is giving Kanye West wear. 
The Doctor and Belinda find themselves facing the god of light in 1952 Miami. It’s a dangerous place for this team to be in more ways than one. But at least they look gorgeous while doing it. Fifteen goes for a dapper ensemble complete with a blue suit, a salmon polka dot bowtie, and a slicked down hairstyle. Love to see it, always. 
“The Well” 
A jump 500,000 years in the future on a very dangerous planet that doesn’t have safe air, let alone a place to flex your new threads, is not where you really wanna be. But that’s where the TARDIS jumps next and the Doctor and Belinda only have one outfit choice: spacesuits. At least they are the flyest ones imaginable. It’s giving TRON. 
Originally published May 10, 2024.
v2.08 – © Nerdist All Rights Reserved
Hey reader! We’re delighted you're perusing our site for all your nerdy news. We'd wholeheartedly appreciate you enabling ads to keep this content free. Thank you!