Virgin Radio
12 Feb 2024, 16:07
Credit: Getty
Beyoncé shocked fans around the world after dropping the news that not only is there new music on the way, but it’s all part of the second act of her Renaissance project. 
The music superstar appeared at the Super Bowl in Las Vegas on Sunday (11th February), not only in the stands but also as part of an advert for US communications company Verizon. 
In the final moments of the ad, which also starred Arrested Development star Tony Hale, Beyoncé addressed the audience saying: “OK, they ready. Drop the new music,” and moments later, two new songs landed on streaming platforms. 
Texas Hold ‘Em and 16 Carriages have given fans a glimpse into a more country side of Beyoncé, with the full album out on the 29th March. 
The Verizon ad follows the Crazy in Love hit-maker as she tries to “break the internet” in strange ways, including creating a “Beyonc-AI robot" and playing Beyoncé Barbie (or Bar-bey). 
Keeping track of the all-important stats is Tony, who is given the instruction to go live with the new music once Beyoncé starts orbiting the earth in a rocket. 
The original Renaissance album was released in July 2022, and included the massive singles Break My Soul and Cuff It.  
Beyoncé's seventh album won four Grammy Awards, including Best Dance/Electronic Album. Her wins put her over the threshold to become the most-awarded artist in Grammy history. 
Her subsequent Renaissance World Tour broke records and was the highest-grossing tour ever by a female artist. 
Advertisement
Chris Packham has opened up about how the Springwatch team are preparing to celebrate the show’s...
Comedian shares health update on his ongoing struggle with Parkinson's disease.
When will the award-winning singing competition return to our screens?
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit