Don't lose yourself in this walk down memory lane. 
After all, if you went back to 2004 and turned on your radio, you'd probably hear hits such as Christina Aguilera's "Beautiful," Dido's "White Flag" or Missy Elliott's "Work it" on repeat.  And it was those artists and more who were honored at the 2004 Grammy Awards. 
To paint a picture, some of the nominees for Record of the Year two decades ago were Beyoncé and Jay-Z for "Crazy in Love," The Black Eyed Peas for "Where is the Love," Eminem with "Lose Yourself," Outkast with "Hey Ya!" and Coldplay for "Clocks," the last of whom walked away with the category's win.
The biggest winner of the night, however, was Beyoncé, who earned five awards at the Feb. 8 ceremony, with Big Boi and André 3000 of Outkast following behind with three.
The evening also featured some epic performances. In fact, to open the ceremony, Queen Bey herself took to the stage alongside Prince to perform a medley of their songs, including "Purple Rain," "Baby I'm a Star," "Let's Go Crazy" and "Crazy in Love."
A number of artists were also honored throughout the evening, including The Beatles, whose iconic track "I Saw Her Standing There" was performed by Sting, Dave Matthews, Pharrell and Vince Gill. There was also a moving tribute to rocker Warren Zevon, who had died the previous year, and an overall tribute to funk music. 
It was this last performance in particular that left its mark on viewers. The show-stopping medley featured OutKast, Earth, Wind & Fire, Robert Randolph and the Family Band, George Clinton with Parliament-Funkadelic and Samuel L. Jackson, dubbed one of the "most ambitious and, yes, funky musical endeavors ever" to hit the Grammy stage by the award show itself. 
But before music's biggest night really kicked off, there was, of course, the red carpet. And now 20 years later, it is one to behold. 
Keep reading to see an array of the many layers, highlights, bright colors and spray tans that graced the 2004 Grammys red carpet. 
Alicia Keys
John Mayer
Christina Aguilera
Beyoncé
Keith Urban
Mary J. Blige
Justin Timberlake
Hilary Duff
Queen Latifah
J.C. Chasez
Fergie
Braid Paisley
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.