Gymnast Jordan Chiles spoke candidly in her first interview since her 2024 Paris Olympics bronze medal was stripped, saying she was feeling heartbroken and lost her love of the sport.
Jordan Chiles is not holding back. 
In her first interview since being stripped of a bronze medal due to a lesser-known rule at the 2024 Paris Olympics, the gymnast fought back tears while sharing her thoughts on the matter.
"The biggest thing that was taken from me was," Jordan began at the Forbes Power Women's Summit on Wednesday, Sept. 11, "that it was the recognition of who I was. Not just my sport, but the person I am."
As the 23-year-old explained, she felt that "everything that has gone on is not about the medal, it's about my skin color. It's about the fact that there were things that have led up to this position of being an athlete. And I felt like everything has been stripped."
And despite knowing she was surrounded by so much love and support, it was hard for the Olympian to appreciate it all in the early days of the decision.
"I can feel it now," she continued, per People, "but at first it was really hard to really take that in because of how badly my heart was broken."
Throughout the ordeal—which saw Jordan's bronze medal win in the gymnastics floor routine allocated to Romanian gymnast Ana Barbosu when the Court of Arbitration ruled that Jordan and her coach had submitted a score inquiry after the one-minute deadline—the Team USA member felt like she was transported back to 2018, which she explains was a very difficult time for her, as she lost her "love of the sport."
"I just felt like there wasn't a lot of people supporting me," she added, "who I thought that could support me in that situation—could help me. And it didn't feel like it. I felt like I was really left in the dark."
It also felt like 2018 for her, as at the time, she said she was "in a situation of dealing with a coach who emotionally and verbally abused me."
"I didn't have the ability to use my voice or be heard," she continued. "And that is one thing that I feel like now, in this instance of being in this situation, that I wasn't able to be heard."
Still, despite all she's gone through, Jordan is looking positively to her future.
"I made history, and I will always continue to make history," she noted, "and something that I rightfully did. I followed the rules. My coach followed the rules. We did everything that was totally, completely right."
She continued, "I do cry, I do get mad, I do have emotions. But also understanding that yes, I am a two-time Olympic champion. I am a two-time Olympian. I am a world champion. I am all those things."
And she knows that no matter what happens during her career, she's always going to "have those accolades" with her.
"I'm going to shine bright, because the star is never gonna get dimmed," she added, "and I'm always just gonna keep walking forward."
To learn more about Jordan's Olympics ordeal, keep reading.
August 5
One week after Team USA won gold in the artistic gymnastics women’s team final at the 2024 Olympics, Jordan Chiles set out to win her first individual Olympic medal at the women’s floor exercise final. As the last athlete to compete in the event, she knew she’d have to beat the scores of Brazil's Rebeca Andrade (14.166), USA’s Simone Biles (14.133) and Romania’s Ana Barbosu (13.700) if she wanted to make podium. After performing her Beyoncé-inspired routine, Chiles received a score of 13.666, landing her in fifth place.
But then her coaches submitted an inquiry upon her behalf. According to NBC Olympics, “an inquiry is a verbal challenge of a routine’s score. It is followed by a written inquiry that must be submitted before the end of the rotation. The challenge can only be brought forward after the gymnast’s final score is posted and before the end of the next gymnast’s routine.” If the gymnast is the last to compete, there is a one-minute time limit that begins after the score is shown on the scoreboard, according to the International Gymnastic Federation (FIG). The scoring inquiry was about a split leap in Chiles' routine called the tour jeté full. “In the team qualification, in the team final, she did not get credit for this skill,” Olympian and NBC gymnastics analyst John Roethlisberger said during the broadcast. “In the initial evaluation of the skill, the judges did not give her credit for that. I talked to Cecile and Laurent Landi, her coaches, and they said, ‘We thought she did it much better here in the final. So we thought we have nothing to lose, let’s put in an inquiry.’”After reviewing Chiles’ routine, the judges accepted the inquiry and credited Chiles 0.1 for the leap, bumping her score up to 13.766 for third place.
As a result, Chiles—who burst into happy tears when she saw the results—won bronze. Meanwhile, Barbosu, who'd already been waving Romania's flag in celebration of her own performance, lost her place on the podium.
Afterwards, Barbosu—who was crying as she left Bercy Arena—reacted to the news on social media. “Thank you everyone for the support messages!” she wrote on Instagram. “I will take a break from the social media.”
August 6
Chiles also shared what the jaw-dropping moment was like for her. “There were so many emotions, so many things going through my mind when I found out I got that bronze medal,” the Olympian recalled on Good Morning America. “I couldn’t be more proud of myself. Ana Barbosu—she’s an amazing athlete. She’s done amazing things within her gymnastics as well. So, I’m very proud of myself but also very proud of her as well.”
Meanwhile, coach Cecile Canqueteau-Landi clapped back after a social media user accused the U.S. coaches of cheating so Chiles could medal. "I shouldn’t have to explain but I will ONCE,” she wrote on Instagram in response to a commenter. “Jordan’s highest possible SV [start value] on floor is a 5.9. At quals and team finals, she received a 5.8 and we didn’t question it because we saw that not all elements were completed.” But during floor finals, she thought Chiles performed “better and being placed 5th with nothing to lose, I sent the inquiry so I wouldn’t regret not asking.” “I didn’t think it would be accepted and at my surprise it was,” Canqueteau-Landi continued. “Jordan won this bronze medal and I didn’t steal anything from anyone. I simply did my job and fought for my athlete. Do I feel bad for the Romanian athlete? Of course I do! It was so sad and heartbreaking to see but it is the sport! You don’t have to like it but you do have to respect the outcome and more importantly respect Jordan and not drag her down because you disagree. She EARNED that bronze medal, her 1st individual Olympic medal and I couldn’t be more proud and excited!”
However, not everyone shared her excitement as the Romanian Federation of Gymnastics filed appeals on behalf of Barbosu and Sabrina Maneca-Voinea, who placed fourth. The Romanian Federation of Gymnastics claimed the inquiry on behalf of Chiles was made after the one-minute deadline and disputed a 0.1 execution penalty Maneca-Voinea had received. Prime minister of Romania Marcel Ciolacu also announced on Aug. 6 that he would not be attending the Olympics Closing Ceremony after he alleged the two athletes were “treated in an absolutely dishonorable manner.”
August 9
Days later, Chiles’ mother Gina called out the “racist disgusting comments” she was seeing online. “I'm tired of people who say it no longer exists,” she wrote on X. “My daughter is a highly decorated Olympian with the biggest heart and a level of sportsmanship that is unmatched...and she's being called disgusting things.”
August 10
The Court of Arbitration for Sport upheld Barbosu’s appeal and decided the inquiry submitted on behalf of Chiles “was raised after the conclusion of the one-minute deadline.” As a result, the court said Chiles’ initial score of 13.666 would be reinstated. It dismissed Maneca-Voinea’s application regarding her execution penalty. Following the court’s decision, the FIG amended the results to reflect Chiles’ original score. USA Gymnastics expressed its disappointment over the court’s decision.“We are devastated by the Court of Arbitration for Sport ruling regarding women’s floor exercise,” they said in a statement. “The inquiry into the Difficulty Value of Jordan Chiles’ floor exercise routine was filed in good faith and, we believed, in accordance with FIG rules to ensure accurate scoring.” “Throughout the appeal process, Jordan has been subject to consistent, utterly baseless and extremely hurtful attacks on social media,” USA Gymnastics continued. “No athlete should be subject to such treatment. We condemn the attacks and those who engage, support or instigate them. We commend Jordan for conducting herself with integrity both on and off the competition floor, and we continue to stand by and support her.”
USA gymnasts Biles, Suni Lee, Jade Carey and Hezly Rivera expressed their support for Chiles. "Don't punish the athlete for someone else's mistake," Carey wrote on Instagram Stories. "With you all the way Jo. You are forever an Olympic champion that has so much to be proud of." Meanwhile, Romanian Prime Minster Ciolacu celebrated Barbosu being moved back to third place—writing on Facebook, “Justice has been served.”
August 11
The International Olympic Committee said Chiles has to return her bronze medal."Following the CAS decision with regard to the Women’s Artistic Gymnastics Floor Exercise Final and the amendment of the ranking by the International Gymnastics Federation, the IOC will reallocate the bronze medal to Ana Barbosu (Romania),” the IOC told NBC News. “We are in touch with the NOC of Romania to discuss the reallocation ceremony and with USOPC regarding the return of the bronze medal."
Soon after, Barbosu reflected on the decision. “Sabrina, Jordan, my thoughts are with you,” the 18-year-old wrote on Instagram Stories Aug. 11. “I know what you are feeling, because I’ve been through the same. But I know you’ll come back stronger. I hope from deep of my heart that at the next Olympics, all three of us will share same podium. This is my true dream.” “This situation would not have existed if the persons in charge had respected the regulation,” she continued. “We athletes are not to be blamed, and the hate directed to us is painful. I wanted to end this edition of the Olympics Games Paris 2024 in the spirit of Olympism, the true value of the world.”
However, USA Gymnastics insisted its inquiry on behalf of Chiles had been submitted within the necessary timeframe and alleged it had evidence to prove it.“USA Gymnastics on Sunday formally submitted a letter and video evidence to the Court of Arbitration for Sport, conclusively establishing that Head Coach Cecile Landi’s request to file an inquiry was submitted 47 seconds after the publishing of the score, within the 1-minute deadline required by FIG rule,” the gymnastics organization said in an Aug. 11 statement. “In the letter, USA Gymnastics requests that the CAS ruling be revised and Chiles’ bronze-medal score of 13.766 reinstated.” USA Gymnastics said the “time-stamped, video evidence” shows Canqueteau-Landi first stating “her request to file an inquiry at the inquiry table 47 seconds after the score is posted, followed by a second statement 55 seconds after the score was originally posted.”“The video footage provided was not available to USA Gymnastics prior to the tribunal’s decision,” it continued, “and thus USAG did not have the opportunity to previously submit it.”
August 12
One day after submitting the letter and video, USA Gymnastics revealed it had been notified by CAS that "their rules do not allow for an arbitral award to be reconsidered even when conclusive new evidence is presented.""We are deeply disappointed by the notification," USAG said in a statement, "and will continue to pursue every possible avenue and appeal process, including to the Swiss Federal Tribunal, to ensure the just scoring, placement, and medal award for Jordan."
August 16
Barbosu was awarded the bronze medal in a ceremony held at her home country of Romania. 
“I can’t help but think about Sabrina and Jordan right now," she told reporters after receiving the price. "It’s a difficult situations for us, with so many uncertainties and overwhelming emotions. I hope everyone understands that we have not done anything wrong at the Olympics."
September 16
Attorneys acting on behalf of Chiles filed an appeal with the Federal Supreme Court of Switzerland to overturn the CAS decision that ultimately stripped her of the bronze medal.
"This appeal is about much more than the bronze medal," read a press release from Gibson Dunn, the legal firm representing the gymnast. "Chiles is pursuing her case to encourage the entire Olympic community to take steps to ensure that future Olympians do not face a similar ordeal."
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.