ByKim Elsesser
ByKim Elsesser,
 Senior Contributor. 
Despite Barbie's success, women were underrepresented in film in 2023. (Photo by James Gourley/Getty ... More Images)
In a year when Barbie, Beyoncé and Taylor Swift revealed the economic purchasing power of women and girls, female characters were still grossly underrepresented on the big screen. A new study of top films from 2023 showed only about a third of the speaking characters were female.
The Center for the Study of Women in Television and Film at San Diego State University has studied gender disparities in the top 100 grossing films since 2002. This year, they examined the 2,200 characters appearing in the top performers in 2023.
Only 35% of the speaking roles in 2023 films were held by women. And that’s down from 37% the previous year. Only 18% of top-grossing films last year featured more female than male characters talking, and a whopping 77% of films featured more men speaking than women. The number of female characters in significant roles remained the same as in 2022 at a dismal 38%.
“Because Barbie claimed so much of our cultural space in 2023, female characters may have seemed more abundant in films last year. But the overall percentage of female characters in speaking roles contracted, as did the percentage of female protagonists,” Dr. Martha Lauzen, author of the report and the founder and executive director of the Center for the Study of Women in Television and Film, wrote in a press release.
Not surprisingly, female characters on screen were typically younger than men, and there was a significant drop-off once women hit their 40s. Most male characters in 2023 were over 40 (52%), but only 28% of female characters were over 40.
“The population of female characters contracts significantly at about the age of 40. Moreover, while we can celebrate the performances of Jane Fonda, Diane Keaton, Rita Moreno, and a handful of other actresses over 60 last year, this age cohort comprised only 7% of all females in the top-grossing films of 2023, well below their representation in the U.S. population. Limiting the age of female characters also limits their ability to age into positions of personal, political, and professional power,” Lauzen wrote in a press release.
In addition, less than a third (28%) of last year’s films told stories from a female perspective, while 62% had a male protagonist. This is the lowest percentage of movies with female protagonists since 2017. The lack of women on the screen may be partially attributed to the lack of female writers and directors. Films with at least one female director or writer were likelier to feature higher percentages of females as protagonists, in significant roles, and as speaking characters.
Men’s roles were also more developed than women’s, and the female characters tended to adhere to old gender stereotypes. “In 2023, it is remarkable, and not in a good way, that female characters were more likely than male characters to have a known marital status, whereas male characters were more likely than females to have an identifiable occupation and to be seen at work, actually working,” Lauzen wrote via email. A much greater percentage of male characters (76%) than females (60%) had an identifiable occupation. Of the characters portrayed as leaders, 63% were male, and only 37% were female.
With regard to race and ethnicity, the representation of Latina and Black female characters also saw a decline from 2022. Latina characters fell from making up 6.9% of all female speaking roles in 2022 to 6.3% in 2023; the Black female characters comprised 15.3% of all female characters in 2023, down from 18.0%; and the percentage of Asian and Asian American females increased from 8.1% in 2022 to 9.2% in 2023.
What is most striking about Lauzen’s report is the lack of any progress for women in film. Graphs depicting the percentages of women in speaking roles and as protagonists, over time, leave no room for optimism. Women’s representation in film is either stagnant or progressing backward.
Nonetheless, there were highlights for female characters in 2023, including Barbie, which dominated the box office domestically and worldwide. Lauzen notes, “Outside of Barbieland, girls confronted the trials of adolescence (Ruby Gillman, Teenage Kraken), young women found the strength to leave abusive relationships (Priscilla), and foursomes of women 60 and older bonded over football, Tom Brady, books, and travel (80 for Brady, Book Club: The Next Chapter).”