Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Little Mix star Perrie Edwards sent her fans into a frenzy on Thursday evening (18 January), as she shared a cryptic social media post which appeared to tease her upcoming music video.
The 30-year-old star, who shot to fame with girl band Little Mix, has been preparing to launch her solo debut for several months now, with devoted fans excitedly counting down the days until her album is released.
So far, no official release date has actually been confirmed, but theories have surfaced on X (formerly Twitter) that her album is complete and that her solo single release could even be with us by the end of the month - and a new social media post hints that could very well be the case.
In a post shared on Instagram, Perrie shared a photo of herself surrounded by a group of friends while sipping on a mug of tea - and fans at home were almost certain it was a behind the scenes shot taken from an upcoming music video.
“Is this behind the scenes of a music video?!” Questioned one fan in the comments.
While a second fan also echoed the sentiment by replying: “It better be cause it looks amazing!”
A third fan then added: “Your outfit wow. I’m so excited for your solo era and beyond proud of you.”
Before a fourth commented: “Hmmm, the only thing that I see is that you finished cooking and that you are ready to conquiert the music industry. So excited and I can’t wait!!!!”
Up until 2022, Perrie had been an active member of Little Mix, but following the band’s decision to go on an indefinite hiatus, made the daring leap to pursue a solo career instead.
Sharing updates with her fans every step of the way, several snippets of what fans can expect have been shared on TikTok over the course of the past year, with several big name stars even rumoured to have collaborated with her on the project.
These music heavyweights include long-term Little Mix writer Kamille, producer of the moment Fred Again and songwriting legend Steve Mac - while Perry herself has also expressed an interest in perhaps even collaborating with Ed Sheeran one day!
Despite knowing an album is on the way however, very little is known about its content or when fans can expect to see it hit our shelves, in fact - so far, the album doesn’t even have a name meaning there is plenty of mystery surrounding the upcoming release.
 However, we do know that Perrie has signed on to Columbia Records, who also manage Harry Styles and Beyoncé among other A-listers, and is “desperate” to share her new music and sound with her fans as soon as its ready.