ByQuentin Thane Singer
ByQuentin Thane Singer,
 Contributor. 
Robert Plant and Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin.
The dazzling disco thrills and epic rock anthems of the 1970s are often cited as primary reasons for the decade’s abundance of profound musical works. While this is certainly the case, the 1970s saw a number of genres flourish apart from just rock and disco. Everything from funk, soul and R&B to country, folk and reggae music emerged during the decade, and more importantly several artists within these styles established the “gold standard” for what exceptional music should sound like in these genres. And the same can be said about both rock and disco music, as many consider the pinnacle of these genres to come from artists of the ‘70s.
The Sheer number of exemplarily bands and artists that existed during the 1970s makes it all the more difficult in deciding who were ultimately the decade’s greatest. In an effort to construct a list of this type, a deep dive into the decade’s most popular genres was taken into account, and furthermore an investigation into which bands and artists produced the most timeless and influential work. With the latter being the ultimate factor in determining this list, it’s clear that rock and disco played a massive role in shaping the sound of the ‘70s, with groups such as Led Zeppelin, Bee Gees, and Pink Floyd reigning as some of the most acclaimed and popular acts of the decade. However, there are a handful of other artists outside of these styles that have since gone onto influence much of modern pop-culture and today’s most popular artists.
Verdine White, Maurice White, Philip Bailey and Al McKay of Earth, Wind & Fire perform on stage, ... More February 3, 1978.
The euphoric thrills and charming melodies of Earth, Wind & Fire made for some of the most exceptional sonic sensations of the 1970s. Disco and funk were emerging as some of the leading genres of the decade, and Earth, Wind & Fire played a big role in their rise to popularity.
However, more than other disco and funk acts of the ‘70s, Earth, Wind & Fire managed to traverse beyond the ‘70s as a result of their exemplarily albums and groovy hits including “September,” “Boogie Wonderland,” “Fantasy” and “After the Love Has Gone.” To date, there’s not been another funk powerhouse to match the influence of the remarkable legacy of Earth, Wind & Fire.
Ian Anderson, John Glascock and Martin Barre of Jethro Tull perform on stage at The Apollo Theatre ... More in Glasgow, Scotland on February 2, 1977.
As early pioneers of the progressive and folk rock genres, Jethro Tull had a significant influence on experimental music and rock altogether. The 1970s were certainly the band at their peak with 1971’s Aqualung routinely being cited as the most influential and acclaimed record in their discography.
From producing hits “Aqualung,” “Locomotive Breath” and “Cross-Eyed Mary” the Aqualung album was undoubtedly a critical success for the group, and it only helped with their following achievements on albums Thick As A Brick and A Passion Play, both of which reached No.1 on the U.S. charts. Without question, founder and lead songwriter Ian Anderson laid the ground work for many of rock’s most formidable names in the decades to follow, moreover he and the rest of Jethro Tull created some the most cherished records of the decade.
Jeff "Skunk" Baxter, John Hartman, Patrick Simmons, Keith Knudsen, Tiran Porter and Michael McDonald ... More (center) of The Doobie Brothers pose for a portrait in 1976.
The funky upbeat rhythms combined with the soulful rock melodies of Michael McDonald made for one of the most ingenious and exceptional bands of the 1970s. As far as ‘70s music goes, The Doobie Brothers crafted some of the decade’s most esteemed songs with “Listen to the Music,” “Long Train Running,” and “What A Fool Believes.”
While the band would go on to release 15 studio albums with their latest being 2021’s Liberté, The Doobie Brothers’ legacy is largely regarded as being one of the most acclaimed and popular of any band from the ‘70s.
James Brown waves to fans in Harlem during a visit to New York City on May 3, 1979.
As one of the most prolific contemporary American artists, James Brown would go on to see multiple decades of success and groundbreaking albums throughout his career. Although the 1960s generated a majority of the singer’s most popularized funk and soul anthems, the ‘70s were one of Brown’s most notable decades as well.
From world renown hits “It’s Man’s Man’s Man’s World,” to “Get Up Offa That Thing,” Brown saw another massive wave of success at the beginning of the decade, eventually culminating in him releasing his 48th studio album by the end the ‘70s. While the singer’s career came to a close in 2006 following his death, the ‘70s certainly brought some of Brown’s most revered and influential works.
Jim Hodder, Walter Becker, Denny Dias, Jeff "Skunk" Baxter and Donald Fagen of the rock and roll ... More band Steely Dan pose for a portrait in 1973.
The New York rock outfit lead by songwriting duo Walter Becker and Donald Fagen have become synonymous with the soft-rock and yacht-rock sub-genres ever since their breakout success in the 1970s. Albums Can’t Buy A Thrill and Aja are constantly cited as essential albums from the decade and rock genre altogether, with hits “Do It Again,” “Reelin’ In The Years,” and “Peg” only adding to their legendary stature.
Steely Dan had an undeniably massive sonic presence throughout the 1970s, which is made all the more significant considering the group didn’t appeal to the typical rock or disco tropes of the decade.
The Massachusetts rock outfit is still one of the most popular and esteemed bands of the entire genre, however, Aerosmith’s career throughout the ‘70s was the band firing all cylinders and breaking traditional rock formulas at the time. Between their 1973 self-titled album to 1975’s Toys In the Attic, Aerosmith produced their most successful hits to date with songs “Dream On,” “Sweet Emotion” and “Walk This Way.”
Steven Tyler, Joe Perry, Joey Kramer and Tom Hamilton played a significant role in sculpting the sound of the 70s, and furthermore without Aerosmith modern rock would not sound and look like what it does today.
Bassist John Entwistle, singer Roger Daltrey, drummer Keith Moon and guitarist Pete Townshend of The ... More Who perform onstage in circa 1973.
The frantic high octane rock antics of The Who have played a major part in shaping much of modern rock and even pop music. Beyond the band’s notorious behavior, The Who’s music throughout the ‘70s was as superb and impactful as any of their likeminded British rock piers, although The Who had quite the breakout in the previous decade with albums Tommy and My Generation.
However, with their 1971 album Who’s Next Roger Daltrey, Keith Moon, Pete Townshend and John Entwistle achieved their magnum opus as heard on hits “Baba O’Riley,” “Behind Blue Eyes” and “Won’t Get Fooled Again.” This album and The Who’s career at large have cemented them as one of rock’s and the last century’s most notable bands, moreover a foundational pillar to the ‘70s music scene.
John Denver performs live at the Jaap Eden Hall in Amsterdam, Netherlands on July 8, 1979.
The signature country folk bliss of John Denver has been cherished within pop-culture throughout the last 50 years. Hit songs “Take Me Home, Country Roads,” “Rocky Mountain High” and “Leaving On a Jet Plane” have become iconic works of not only Denver but American folk music entirely. Through these hits and the singer’s charismatic allure, he grew to become one of the decade’s most accomplished songwriters.
While Denver tragically passed in tragic aviation accident in 1997, his legacy and music continue to resonate amongst millions of adoring fans and musicians to this very day.
Malcolm Young, Bon Scott, Angus Young, Cliff Williams and Phil Rudd of the Australian rock band ... More AC/DC pose in a studio in London in August of 1979.
The Australian hard rock outfit are undoubtedly one of the rock genre’s most respected and influential bands, but much of their early success was a result of their breakthrough with vocalist Bon Scott. Scott fronted the band from 1974 up until 1980, when he tragically passed, though his tenure in the band brought world renown hits “Highway To Hell,” “TNT” and “It’s A Long Way to the Top (If You Wanna Rock N’ Roll),” which are still some of the bands most celebrated songs.
While AC/DC have since gone on to produce some of the rock genre’s most acclaimed and highest selling albums — specifically with 1980’s Back In Black, which marked the debut of the band’s new singer Brian Johnson — AC/DC’s longstanding career rests on the solid foundation they built with Bonn Scott during the ‘70s.
Jon Lord, Glenn Hughes, Ian Paice, David Coverdale and Richie Blackmore of Deep Purple pose for a ... More group portrait on December 9, 1973 in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The early foundations of the hard rock and heavy metal genres were laid out throughout the 1970s, and Deep Purple were one of the primary contractors. While the band has seen various lineup changes throughout it’s existence, Glenn Hughes, Ian Gillan, Jon Lord, Ian Paice and Ritchie Blackmore are considered to be the band’s most formidable lineup, as together they produced hits “Highway Star,” “Child In Time” and “Smoke on the Water.”
However, the band’ early success in the ‘70s was only the start of their rather lengthy career, as vocalist David Coverdale would replace Ian Gillian in the mid-’70s and help produce a new wave of success the band hadn’t yet seen with albums 1974’s Burn and 1978’s When We Rock, We Rock and When We Roll, We Roll. To this day Deep Purple are routinely cited as one of rock and early heavy metal’s most influential bands, and furthermore one of the most popular groups of the 1970s rock scene.
Soul singer Marvin Gaye plays piano circa 1974. 
The melancholic melodies and poignant themes sung by Marvin Gaye are what have made him one of the most iconic artists in all of American music. To say the least, Gaye’s seminal 1971 album What’s Going On has been one of the most influential and revered albums of the last century. Combined with the singer’s other works from the 1970’s including Let’s Get It On and I Want You, Marvin Gaye had one of the most well respected and acclaimed musical outputs of the decade.
Hits “What’s Going On,” “Let’s Get It On” and “I Want You” have remained some of the most popular works of Marvin Gaye, and many modern artists routinely cite him as being primary influence in their musical upbringing.
Soul singer Al Green performs on stage circa 1974.
The powerful records of Al Green were not only mainstays of the the ‘70s musical renaissance, but are some of the soul and R&B genres’ most defining works. Nearly all of the Arkansas singer’s greatest hits and popularized records were produced during the ‘70s, with songs “Love and Happiness,” “Let’s Stay Together” and “Take Me to the River” still resonating as influential pieces within modern music.
Al Green’s stamp on the ‘70s music scene can’t be undermined, and if anything his legacy after all these years has cemented him as one of the decade’s most important artists.
Elton John performing on stage.
As one of the most successful solo artists in pop-rock, Elton John saw some of his most thriving years throughout the 1970s. During the decade the British songwriter would go on to become a multiplatinum selling artists with albums Madman Across The Water and Honky Chateau, which produced world renown hits “Tiny Dancer” and “Rocket Man,” among others.
Since then not only has Elton John continued to break boundaries in today’s pop scene, but his legacy from the ‘70s is regarded as one of the most highly acclaimed of any solo artists.
American soul and R&B musician Bill Withers in New York City, 1971. 
The soothing, rich, and sometimes haunting voice of Bill Withers has made one of the most lasting impressions on modern music ever since his breakout success in the ‘70s. Withers’ performance on multiplatinum hits such as “Ain’t No Sunshine” and “Lovely Day” are some examples of the singer’s ingenious and infectious vocal delivery, which has since influenced a plethora of modern pop and R&B’s most formidable names.
With seven of his eight studio albums releasing during the 1970s, Withers career was largely at its peak during the decade, though his influence and cherished anthems continue to resonate throughout pop-culture and modern music.
Geezer Butler, Tony Iommi, Bill Ward and Ozzy Osbourne of Black Sabbath, circa 1970.
The pioneers of the “heavy metal” genre were at their height in the 1970s. Unlike many acts of the decade, Black Sabbath went for a darker and grittier sound in their musical direction compared to other rock bands at the time. In doing so, Ozzy Osbourne, Tonni Iommi, Geezer Butler and Bill Ward laid the groundwork for one of the most popular and well respected genres in contemporary music — heavy metal.
Whether you listen to their anthemic hits “Paranoid,” “War Pigs” or “Iron Man,” or their deeper, heavier cuts like “Sabbath Bloody Sabbath” or “Symptom Of The Universe,” Black Sabbath’s sonic attitude and ingenious musicianship is fully transparent, and there’s no other act with an similar oneness from their respective decade.
American singer, songwriter and actress Dolly Parton, performs with a guitar, 1976.
As one of the most well-respected and acclaimed artists from the last century, Dolly Parton has had one of the single biggest impacts on both the popular and country music genres since her breakout success in the 1970s. As a songwriter, her work has been covered countless times, with famous renditions of her hits performed by Whitney Houston, Miley Cyrus, and Beyoncé among other modern artist.
While Parton has had a prolific career throughout the last five decades, releasing 49 studio albums, her 1974 album Jolene was the catalyst that turned her into an international sensation with hits “Jolene” and “I Will Always Love You” (famously covered as a 1990s favorite by Whitney Houston) among her other many masterful works from the decade.
John McVie, Christine McVie, Stevie Nicks, Mick Fleetwood and Lindsey Buckingham of Fleetwood Mac ... More pose for a portrait in 1975.
Fleetwood Mac’s ingenious amalgamation of folk and rock styles is one of the primary reason they’ve remained so relevant since the mid ‘70s. However, ever since Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham joined the group for its 10th studio album in 1975, Fleetwood Mac’s career saw completely new planes of success. To this day, 1977’s Rumors, the band’s second record with Nicks and Buckingham, is hailed as Fleetwood Mac’s magnum opus, largely because it’s the group’s most popular album.
The Grammy-winning diamond album has produced nearly all of the band’s most notable hits including “Dreams,” “The Chain,” “Go Your Own Way” and “Landslide” among others. Without question, the addition of Nicks and Buckingham has enabled Fleetwood Mac not only to become one of most popular bands in history, but has solidified them as one of the greatest bands of the ‘70s.
Jamaican Reggae musician, songwriter and singer Bob Marley performs on stage in Stockholm, Sweden.
The international sensation that Bob Marley stirred within 1970s’ pop culture has persisted over the last five decades. Not only did Marley help pioneer the Reggae genre altogether, but with his songwriting and messaging, Marley was able to reinvigorate a sense of love and wisdom through music.
While his 1984 greatest hits album, Legend, remains one of the highest selling albums of all time, Marley was most active during the 1970s releasing 10 studio albums, which produced international hits from the likes of “Is This Love,” “Stir It Up” and “No Woman, No Cry,” among several others. Unfortunately, Marley’s life ended far too soon after he lost his battle with cancer in 1981, however, his legacy and posthumous career has been one of the most long lasting and highly revered of any artist from the ‘70s.
Glenn Frey, Don Henley, Joe Walsh, and Don Felder of The Eagles perform on the television show "Don ... More Kirschner's Rock Concert," 1979.
As one of the most popular rock bands of all time, and furthermore one of the highest selling bands in history with Hotel California and Their Greatest Hits, The Eagles were by in large one of the 1970s’ most defining musical acts. Key members Joe Walsh, Don Henley, Timothy B. Schmit, Glenn Frey and Don Fedder formed in Los Angeles in 1971 and released six of the band’s seven studio albums throughout the decade.
With hits “Hotel California,” “Take It Easy” and “Life In The Fast Lane,” among others, The Eagles have stood the test of time as one of rock’s most respected and cherished acts, easily making them one of the 1970s’ most formidable music groups.
Stevie Wonder performs on stage in 1981.
The infectious grooves and soulful melodies of Stevie Wonder can’t be replicated, and for over six decades Wonder has remained one of most respected and popularized artists in contemporary music. Despite the singer starting his career in the early ‘60s, it wasn’t until the 1970s when Wonder’s work was truly embraced and his talents got the attention they deserved. Albums Talking Book, Inversions and Songs in the Key of Life made the singer into a global sensation, producing hits “Sir Duke,” “Superstition” and “Isn’t She Lovely,” among a plethora of others.
The sheer number of hits and songwriting credits Wonder has under his belt is a feat in its own right, however, his work throughout the 1970s is his most highly regarded and acclaimed, and given the lasting impact this era has had on modern music makes Wonder one of the greatest and most important artists of the ‘70s.
Benny Andersson, Anni-Frid Lyngstad, Agnetha Faltskog and Bjorn Ulvaeus of the Swedish pop group ... More Abba.
The Swedish pop act are undoubtedly one of the biggest European groups from the ‘70s, and to this day ABBA are still one of Europe’s most successful contemporary artists. Causing an international sensation with multiplatinum hits “Dancing Queen” and “Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!,” ABBA brought some of the most celebrated hits of the disco era.
However, unlike a majority of disco and pop acts who lost their relevancy at the turn of the decade, ABBA have seemingly remained relevant over the years as their records from the ‘70s continue to find a timeless appreciation amongst new generations. ABBA’s Agnetha Fältskog, Björn Ulvaeus, Benny Andersson and Anni-Frid “Frida” Lyngstad are a rare case from the 1970s’ disco and pop scenes that have been able outlast musical trends with their wholeheartedly brilliant songwriting and sonic charisma.
Maurice, Barry, and Robin Gibb of the Bee Gees performing at the Music for UNICEF Concert at the ... More United Nations General Assembly in New York City in January of 1979.
From hits “Stayin’ Alive” to “How Deep Is Your Love,” Bee Gees became the face of the ‘70s music, and today they’re still overwhelmingly seen as a big part of the pop culture from the decade. While the trio didn’t see their massive break until 1977 after their contributions to the soundtrack on Saturday Night Fever, the wave of international success the group saw immediately solidified them as one of the decade’s most formidable and popular acts.
The disco and pop anthems of brothers Barry, Robin, and Maurice Gibb have forever impacted contemporary music, and the group is still one of the most recognizable and successful artists from the decade for their timeless contributions to music and pop-culture.
Freddie Mercury and Brian May of Queen perform on stage.
While Queen’s career was met with great success in both the 1970s and ‘80s, the ‘70s saw much of the rock group’s finest work, some of which has aged finer than any other rock act from their respective era. A Night At The Opera, Queen’s seminal 1975 masterpiece which produced hits “You’re My Best Friend,” “Love Of My Life” and top 70s song “Bohemian Rhapsody,” is still praised as one of the most mesmerizing contemporary musical works of all time.
What Freddie Mercury, Roger Taylor, top guitarist Brian May and John Deacon achieved with this record is a testament to the wonders and power of music, and moreover rock’s timeless qualities when done to this degree. Although Freddie Mercury tragically passed in the early ‘90s, Queen’s legacy is still one of the most respected and robust of any band in history, especially that of a band from the 1970s.
Nick Mason, David Gilmour, Roger Waters and Rick Wright of ZZPink Floyd.
As kings of prog-rock, Pink Floyd helped to popularize the sub-genre of progressive music with their powerful songwriting and iconic concept albums. However, the 1970s were unquestionably the band’s most defining decade, as the decade saw the band’s 1973 opus Dark Side Of The Moon, a diamond selling album that’s seamlessly traversed through every decade of pop-culture since its inception.
Roger Waters and David Gilmore, the band’s two most prominent members, were ingenious in their approach to songwriting and instrumentation, which can be heard on their many hits from the decade including “Money,” “Wish You Were Here,” “Time” and so many more. While the band is no longer together or function as it once did, Pink Floyd are easily one of the last centuries most revered bands, making them an essential artist from the ‘70s.
John Paul Jones, Robert Plant, John Bonham (behind drum kit) and Jimmy Page of British heavy rock ... More group Led Zeppelin performing at Earl's Court, London in May of 1975.
It’s hard to put into words the colossal impact that Led Zeppelin had in the ‘70s and within rock music altogether. Today the band’s infectious influence still persists throughout contemporary music, with their reverence having exponentially grown over the past decades. It could be a result of the recent nostalgia for gritty, raw and old school rock and roll, or simply a result of the band’s timeless music from hits like “Stairway To Heaven,” “Immigrant Song” and “Whole Lotta Love” being passed down to new generations.
Whatever the reasons are, John Bonham, Robert Plant, Jimmy Page and John Paul Jones were the essence of “lightning in a bottle” from their musicianship, songwriting and chemistry as a band, and to this day there’s still not been another band or artist that glimmers with the same kind of oneness as Led Zeppelin once did.
Bottom Line
Amongst rock, disco, funk, R&B and few other genres, these artists produced the most exemplarily, timeless and influential work of the decade. While there were a number of hugely popular acts and artists that didn’t make this list, the artists above better fit the criteria by showcasing timeless musical work and a reverence within pop-culture today.