Several north London pubs owned by a national firm are looking for new owners.


  The Stonegate group has over 4,500 sites across the UK that are leased and tenanted or managed by the company


  It is currently listing eight north London pubs for new owners in areas like Crouch End, Camden, Islington, Tottenham, Winchmore Hill, Newington Green and Harlesden.


  Ever thought about running a pub? Here are the premises on offer:


The Princess Alexandra  (Image: Street View)


  The Princess Alexandra in Park Road, Crouch End, reportedly closed its doors this year due to the former owners being “fed up working 80 hours a week for not much money”, the Campaign for Real Ale (CAMRA) said.


  Stonegate said that the 120-year-old watering hole has the potential to build a great reputation for quality drinks.


  It is estimated that the forecast turnover per year would be £645,647 and the guide rent is £1,000 per week.


https://www.stonegatepubpartners.co.uk/find-a-pub/princess-alexandra-crouch-end_032055


All About Eve in Camden Town  (Image: Street View)


  This 1950s inspired bar in the heart of Camden Town in Jamestown Road is described as a “well decorated” and “stylish venue”.


  Along with its two separate trading floors, there is a living accommodation split across two floors, with four spacious bedrooms, a bathroom and a kitchen.


  It’s estimated that the forecast turnover per year would be £658,988 and the guide rent is £1,375 per week.


https://www.stonegatepubpartners.co.uk/find-a-pub/all-about-eve-camden_024135


Four Sisters  (Image: Street View)


  This Islington pub in Canonbury Lane is permanently closed at the moment, but is said to “have the potential to be transformed into a high-end business” and is described as a "blank canvas” with plenty of scope for development.


  Split over the two floors, the venue also comes with a covered courtyard area and a two-bedroom private accommodation.


  Stonegate said: “The venue has the potential to become and really popular spot and one where booking will be essential.”


  The forecast turnover is estimated to be £362,166 per year, with a much cheaper guide rent of £673 per week.


https://www.stonegatepubpartners.co.uk/find-a-pub/four-sisters-islington_030002


The Royal Oak Harlesden  (Image: Street View)


  The Royal Oak pub in High Street, Harlesden confirmed at the beginning of November last year that it would be closing down.


  Now the Victorian building, which has a private two-bedroom flat on the third floor, is being listed for lease.


  According to Stonegate, the forecast turnover per year when the Royal Oak reopens is estimated to be £520,000.


https://www.stonegatepubpartners.co.uk/find-a-pub/royal-oak-harlesden_019075


The Cellars  (Image: Street View)


  A skylights looks down onto the dining area of the Cellar Taps in Newington Green Road, a place described to have a number of growth opportunities.


  Above the pub’s trading area is a five-bedroom accommodation with a separate lounge and a domestic kitchen.


  Stonegate said: “This is a stunning site in a great location. It's rare that opportunities like this come available, especially when the site is in the condition it is. There are a number of areas that present growth opportunities from the existing trade, food would be the key area.”


  The forecast turnover is £607,626 per year and the guide rent is £923 a week.


https://www.stonegatepubpartners.co.uk/find-a-pub/cellar-taps-newington-green_030806


The Queens Head  (Image: Street View)


  Located in Station Road, Winchmore Hill, the established community pub is looking for inspiration from an “entrepreneurial publican”.


  There is a large floor space at the front as well as a garden at the back and it comes with a three-bedroom flat, with a lounge, kitchen and bathroom.


  The forecast turnover is £562,941 and the guide rent is £846 per week.


https://www.stonegatepubpartners.co.uk/find-a-pub/queens-head-winchmore-hill_023302


Dog & Duck  (Image: Street View)


  Found in Hoppers Road, Winchmore Hill, the pub is described as a “popular hotspot within the community” as it attracts trade with entertainment such as quiz nights, Sky Sports viewings, live bands and DJ’s.


  The one-room operation is on the ground floor, providing 30 seats and standing room. There is also a beer garden used as trading space in the warmer months.


  It comes with a three-bedroom private accommodation spread across two floors, with a lounge, kitchen and bathroom.


  Its forecast turnover per year is £416,993 and the guide rent per week is £673.


https://www.stonegatepubpartners.co.uk/find-a-pub/dog-&-duck-winchmore-hill_024387


Picture not available


  This pub is popular with Spurs fans, as it in based in High Road.


  It’s fully equipped with many large screens and a projector, making it an ideal location for sports. The pub also has a beer garden too.


  There is a three-bedroom accommodation on site.


  Describing the ideal owner, Stonegate said: “[They should have] the ability to adapt from the London Derby home game into Beyoncé concert to drive sales and appeal to the transitional customer will be essential.


  “An opportunity to grow sales through the local student market will be key here so the operator will need a ROTW packed full of activity and reasons to visit. “


  The forecast turnover is £598,000 per year.


https://www.stonegatepubpartners.co.uk/find-a-pub/elbow-room-tottenham-london_500129


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.