We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
“There is nothing soulless about The Lion King”. 
Mufasa: The Lion King director Barry Jenkins has responded to criticism over his involvement in the upcoming film. 
The prequel serves as an origin story for Mufasa and will see Rafiki tell the tale of his rise from orphaned cub to King of the Pride Lands during a conversation with Simba and Nala's daughter, Kiara. 
Following the release of the film's trailer earlier this week, Jenkins was criticised on social media for taking part in what one user labelled as Disney CEO Bob Iger's "soulless machine". 
Related: Why Beyoncé's daughter was cast in Lion King prequel
"Barry, You're too good and talented for this Iger's soulless machine," the user wrote on Twitter/X.
"There is nothing soulless about The Lion King," Jenkins replied. "For decades children have sat in theatres all over the world experiencing collective grief for the first time, engaging Shakespeare for the first time, across aisles in myriad languages. 
"A most potent vessel for communal empathy." 
Related: Wish is now available to watch on Disney+
Another user who said they interviewed Jenkins when his Oscar-winning film Moonlight premiered in 2016 then responded: "That Barry Jenkins wouldn't have said what you just said.
"You can do a Disney movie for the check, in order to work on your passion projects at a later time, but you don't have to shill like this."
"Bruh what kind of logic is that? How about this, here are a few videos from the 'same Barry Jenkins who premiered Moonlight' (as you put it) showing some of the things I was doing in my spare time AT THE SAME TIME I was writing Moonlight," Jenkins responded. 
He then shared several links to projects he worked on during this time, each of which involved children or young people in some capacity. 
The filmmaker concluded: "Children have figured prominently in every single one of the projects from Moonlight til' now without exception."
Mufasa: The Lion King is released on December 20.
Freelance Reporter, Digital Spy After completing her joint honours degree in Journalism and English Literature at Cardiff University, Iona joined Digital Spy as a Content Production Intern in 2022. In that role, Iona wrote across both news and features, specialising in TV and movies. Following her internship, Iona now contributes to DS as a freelance reporter. 
 Iona has reported from the Black Adam red carpet, and interviewed celebrities ranging from Love Island stars to the cast of Disney's live-action The Little Mermaid.
How to watch Mufasa: The Lion King right now
Mufasa confirms Disney+ streaming release date
Discover new Lion King movie Mufasa at home
Sonic 3 tramples Lion King with box-office debut
New Lion King movie debuts with mixed RT rating
Mufasa opens with James Earl Jones tribute
LEGO releases ultimate Disney movie crossover set
The Lion King star reveals iconic song was changed
Why Beyoncé’s daughter was cast in Lion King film
Watch the first trailer for Lion King prequel
Lion King prequel, Snow White confirmed for 2024
Willy Wonka prequel movie adds The Lion King star
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.