Less than a year after the Renaissance World Tour wrapped, it might already be time for the Beyhive to dust off their boots and head back out to see Beyoncé live again.
The Renaissance World Tour was hailed as a once-in-a-lifetime event, a bona fide status symbol, and a blockbuster concert movie that awed audiences while near-singlehandedly boosting AMC's revenue. The 56-show run wrapped on October 1, 2023, in Kansas City.
On its heels, Beyoncé has released her new album "Cowboy Carter." The triumphant country-inspired project is billed as "Act II" in a three-part "Renaissance" series.
So it would stand to reason — financially and thematically — that Beyoncé would plan another tour leg for "Cowboy Carter."
Her team seemed to hint that something is coming by launching a new website, "Been Country." The landing page shows a photo of young Beyoncé performing at the Texas Sweetheart Pageant, as well as a childhood photo of her mother, Tina Knowles-Lawson, and an image of a banjo.
A post shared by Slayonce Avenue (@slayonce_avenue2)
A fan account on Instagram shared a rumor that the tour announcement is scheduled for Friday, exactly one week after the album's arrival. Knowles-Lawson liked the post, adding more fuel to the rumor's flame.
Beyoncé's longtime collaborator The-Dream, who produced 10 of the new album's 27 tracks, also alluded to a forthcoming tour. He celebrated the release of "Cowboy Carter" on X, writing, "This tour bout to B' Incredible!"
Fans grabbed screenshots of The-Dream's post, though it has since been deleted.
'The-Dream' via Twitter: “This tour bout to B’ incredible!”The singer-songwriter is Beyoncé’s longtime friend, and worked on 10 songs on her new album #CowboyCarter. pic.twitter.com/KNHQOuqFI9
However, the six-month turnaround since Beyoncé's last concert does cast suspicion on these theories. Thanks to "Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé," we know the Renaissance World Tour took four years to ideate and execute.
It's unclear if plans for a "Cowboy Carter" show were also in the works during that time, but if not, fans may have to wait a bit longer to watch Beyoncé perform. As she's already made clear, "A queen moves at her own pace."
Even so, a delay may come as welcome news, even for dedicated members of the Beyhive.
Many fans have been posting about their lack of ticket funds on X, playfully begging Beyoncé to put off touring until next year.
- I don’t want https://t.co/QqyQduNfkr to be a tour because we https://t.co/icyUqbLR1L. pic.twitter.com/XZ5WHMUqyL
She can announce it for 2025 but in 2024 we are at capacity https://t.co/Gtg7f2jvSG
. @Beyonce keep the tour announcement for next year…I have trips planned for this summer pic.twitter.com/GPhRrW1GiF
what i’m eating if beyoncé announce this tour https://t.co/CfI1Vm3XuG
i'm begging beyoncé to tour in 2025 and not this summer pic.twitter.com/Nqw68434Bu
the whole fandom begging beyoncé not to announce a tour is HILARIOUS! we are BROKE DOWN pic.twitter.com/YXDFHuzELM
Representatives for Beyoncé did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Business Insider.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
Jump to