Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Doja Cat showed she was the utmost professional when she suffered a mishap onstage during her headlining set at Coachella.
The 28-year-old, whose given name is Amala Ratna Zandile Dlamini, was the last act to hit the stage of the two-weekend festival on Sunday,
During a performance of her hit "F*** the Girls (FTG)" from her 2023 album, Scarlet, Doja Cat was waiting for one of her crew members or dancers to hand her a microphone so she could perform the song but was left empty handed.
She gestured a few times to get their attention to show she had no microphone, but continued to lip-synch the lyrics and perform choreography for the song.
Doja Cat turned to face her band and raised her hands to ask where the microphone was and was eventually handed a piece, but she seemed exasperated to find it didn't seem to be working.
Eventually, she got it switched on and without missing a beat joined right back into the song like nothing had happened.
A clip of the moment went viral after Pop Crave reposted the video from X, formerly Twitter account, Viral Thingz. The post has reached almost 269,000 views.
Her fans flooded the replies with messages of praise for the singer/rapper.
"I didn't even notice she didn't have a mic. I just thought she was emoting," commented @yuhianka.
"She's such a professional," added @arishexiscoming.
And @emysbill wrote: "She's such a true performer."
While @cliqueminaj posted: "Her stage presence is CRAZY."
Doja Cat improvises after not being given a microphone during her performance of “F**k The Girls” at #Coachella. https://t.co/uCW8p8AT1m
Despite Coachella's disappointing ticket sales this year, which experts told Newsweek was due to a range of factors such as the cost of living crisis, Doja Cat earned rave reviews for her set.
She became the second Black woman to headline the festival after Beyoncé's performance in 2018.
"I suspect it will become a staple on best-of-Coachella lists for years to come," wrote Alaina Demopoulos for the The Guardian.
"For all the endless chatter this year about a lackluster lineup, Doja proved she's worthy of a headline spot, so long as the people in charge—and, crucially, her fans—trust her to do it her own way," Demopoulos wrote.
Coachella also featured headline performances from Lana Del Rey, Tyler the Creator and even a reunion by 1990s mega-band, No Doubt.
It was attended by many A-list celebrities from Kendall Jenner, to Hailey and Justin Bieber, and the newest power couple of the moment, Taylor Swift and NFL star Travis Kelce.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print,                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC