Former Quincy Jones Productions president Adam Fell partners with Michael Peha and Thomas Duport to form the new artist management and production company.

													By
												

	Gail Mitchell


	Six-time Grammy-winning multi-instrumentalist Jacob Collier, Grammy-nominated producer Yeti Beats (Beyoncé, Doja Cat) and rapper/producer Erick the Architect, founding member of the Flatbush Zombies, are now part of the management roster at newly launched Early Hour Entertainment. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Jacob Collier		
					






















	
		
					Jon Batiste		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The Los Angeles-based artist management and production company is helmed by CEO Adam Fell. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					El Rey Theater in Los Angeles to Be Featured in Tony Hawk Video Game		
	



	04/30/2025	







	Most recently president of Quincy Jones Productions, Fell has partnered with former QJP VPs Michael Peha and Thomas Duport. Peha, who worked in Warner Records’ international marketing department prior to QJP, serves as president of Early Hour. Duport, who began his music industry career in the front office of Montreux Jazz Festival, is Early Hour’s COO.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	In a statement announcing the establishment of Early Hour Entertainment, Fell said, “We are very grateful to Quincy Jones for the decades of mentorship and guidance. I am fortunate to have the two best partners on planet earth and a team that can truly accomplish anything. We are so honored by the trust that the artists have put in us, and we know that this is only the beginning for Early Hour.” 

	During his 20-year tenure with Jones, Fell oversaw multiple divisions including endorsements and licensing, film/TV/music production and artist management. Collier had been among the latter division’s clients since 2014, and now Early Hour co-manages Collier with Francesca Haincourt. Fell also worked as an executive producer of the 2023 musical film adaptation of The Color Purple.

	In March of this year, Early Hour Entertainment partnered with Jon Batiste, Mathieu Jaton and Jeremy Arditi for the inaugural Montreux Jazz Festival Miami. The three-night event will return to Miami in 2025. Early Hour has also teamed with hospitality veterans Jake Mathews and Corey McGuire, owners of Winston House and The Waterfront Venice, to open a music-themed restaurant on L.A.’s westside slated for early 2025.

	In addition to Collier, Beats and Erick the Architect, Early Hour’s artist management roster includes trumpeter/composer Ibrahim Maalouf, pianist Alfredo Rodriguez, jazz pianist Justin Kauflin and producer/multi-instrumentalist Henry Was.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.