By TERRY ZELLER and NOLA OJOMU FOR DAILYMAIL.COM  
 Published:  01:03, 15 August 2024   |  Updated:  01:05, 15 August 2024   
 51
View  comments
Beyonce earned 12 nominations for the upcoming 2024 People's Choice Country Awards.
Her latest album Cowboy Carter has catapulted her to the top of this year's nominations, tying with country crooner Zach Bryan.
The Crazy In Love hitmaker, 42, received two nominations for Female Song of the Year for her singles 16 Carriages and Texas Hold 'Em. 
Additionally, she earned two nominations in the Cover Song category for her renditions of the Beatles' Blackbird and Dolly Parton's Jolene.
She's up against the likes of Parton and Kacey Musgraves in the Female Artist category.
Beyonce earned 12 nominations for the upcoming 2024 People's Choice Country Awards; (seen at 2024 iHeart Music Awards)
Her latest album Cowboy Carter has catapulted her to the top of this year's nominations, tying with country crooner Zach Bryan 
She's also nominated in the coveted People's Artist and Social Country Star categories.
Texas Hold 'Em is up for Song of the Year, BLACKBIIRD is nominated for Collaboration Song of the Year, her Miley Cyrus duet II Most Wanted is up for Crossover Song of the Year and 16 Carriages is nominated for Storyteller Song of the Year.
Beyonce's achievement comes despite criticism over the pop star's transition into country music.
Ahead of the album's release in March, a source told DailyMail.com that the superstar 'doesn't care' about the reaction of those who want her to stay in a 'narrow lane.'
The insider said Beyonce will not be swayed by any negative reactions she might receive from detractors as she is focused on shining a 'spotlight the contributions African-Americans made to the genre.'
'She knows there will be pushback by those who want her to stay in a narrow lane but she doesn't care,' the source told DailyMail.com.
'In fact, it has made her more daring. By the time the summer is over, her detractors will know the difference between yee and haw.' 
She faced harsh criticism from Azealia Banks less than 24 hours after she announced the album during the Super Bowl, with the rapper branding her foray into the country music scene 'narcissistic.'
'You're setting yourself up to be ridiculed again,' she wrote on Instagram on Monday. 'There's a theatrical element to country music!!! Them critics are not just going to accept an ugly blond wig and bullying from jay-z !!! It's giving big time musical grift. 
'Yes black girls can make country music... but you're just really not hitting the button.... Beyoncé please stop the madness. The gay baiting, the overtly narcissistic attempts to lazily encroach into a genre *you think* your popularity is gonna gain accolades for you in... You're looking like food sis.'
This is not the first time Texas-born Beyoncé has highlighted her Southern music roots after delighting fans with her 2016 track, Daddy Lessons. 
The Crazy In Love hitmaker, 42, received two nominations for Female Song of the Year for her singles 16 Carriages and Texas Hold 'Em 
Beyonce's achievement comes despite criticism over the pop star's transition into country music
Music lovers immediately praised the twangy track when it featured on her critically-acclaimed album, Lemonade.
The star went on to give a dazzling live performance of the single at the 50th Country Music Association Awards in 2016, alongside legendary country band, The Chicks.
The source added: 'Bey was given the motivation to make a country record after seeing how many of her fans loved her single Daddy Lessons and her performance at the CMAs.'
Beyoncé submitted Daddy Lessons for the country category at the 2016 Grammy Awards - but it was rejected by the Recording Academy's country music committee. 
If the song had made it through, it would have been eligible for honors such as best country song and country solo performance.
On Cowboy Carter, Beyoncé took the opportunity to highlight the African-American roots of country music with her new project.
'She wanted to use her platform to spotlight the contributions African-Americans have made to genres they have been shut out of,' the insider added. 
'She spent months writing and researching.' 
Additionally, she earned two nominations in the Cover Song category for her renditions of the Beatles ' Blackbird and Dolly Parton 's Jolene 
Beyoncé was prepared for 'pushback' over her decision to release a country album, a source previously told DailyMail.com 
Hosted by Shania Twain, the 2024 People's Choice Awards will broadcast live from Nashville, Tennessee, on September 26. 
'Country has some of the most passionate fans in music and us artists are so lucky to be supported in doing what we love,' Twain said in a statement. 
She added: 'I am honored to host an award show that celebrates these awesome fans.
'Get ready for an unforgettable show with lots of big hair, glamour, rhinestones, hats, boots and incredible performances. Giddy up!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group