Homes with luxurious amenities, unique features and famous owners like the late Dianne Feinstein and DJ Zedd have gone up for sale in some of the hottest real estate markets in the country as luxury home prices continue to rise.
1375 N. Doheny Dr. in Los Angeles is for sale by Tinder co-founder Sean Rad with listing agents ... More Jason Oppenheim and Mary Bonnet.
Sean Rad, who co-founded the dating app Tinder and appeared on the Forbes' 30 Under 30 list in 2014, has listed his Los Angeles home for $28.5 million, complete with a theater, wine cellar, gym, library, driveway made of 200-year-old cobblestone from the streets of Boston and a bathroom laid with 40 slabs of Italian marble.
German musician DJ Zedd is looking to resell a house he bought in 2021 from former couple Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner for $18.99 million in Encino, California, a home that comes with an acre of land, gym, sauna, massage room, home theater, professional music studio, wine cellar, "authentic pub" and a living room wall that opens entirely into a backyard with a lap pool.
The 6,696-square-foot Washington D.C. home of late California Sen. Dianne Feinstein has listed for $8.5 million in the Spring Valley neighborhood of the capital city with .8 acres, a pool, cabana and carriage house with a separate apartment.
Actor Seann William Scott, known best for his leading roles in the cult-classic "American Pie" films and "Dude, Where's My Car?" is selling a $4.9 million home in Venice, California, that includes five bedrooms and six bathrooms in a contemporary style.
Norman Reedus, star of the zombie drama "The Walking Dead," has a $3.8 million estate listed for sale just outside of Atlanta—the ultra-modern home comes with four bedrooms and five bathrooms, a gym, spacious walk-in closet and a naturally landscaped backyard settled on a wooded lot.
1375 N. Doheny Dr. in Los Angeles is for sale by Tinder co-founder Sean Rad with listing agents ... More Jason Oppenheim and Mary Bonnet.
3904 Valley Meadow Road in Eincino, Calif. is for sale by DJ Zedd three years after he bought it ... More from Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner.
3904 Valley Meadow Road in Eincino, Calif. is for sale by DJ Zedd three years after he bought it ... More from Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner.
Prices of luxury homes rose at twice the rate of non-luxury homes at the end of 2023, Redfin reported, an increase that coincides with a jump in high-dollar listings hitting the market. Fourth quarter luxury listings, defined as being in the top 5% of market value in their respective metro areas, were up 20% over the same period in 2022, according to Redfin. Homes selling at or above the $100 million threshold are more common than they ever have been, with 24 homes selling for at or above the figure since 2020—more than the total number at that price than the entire decade before, according to the Wall Street Journal. Los Angeles set a state sales record last year with Beyoncé and Jay-Z's purchase of a $190 million Malibu mansion, and Palm Beach, California and Miami also broke their impressive sales records last year, the Journal reported.
$72.5 million. That's how much an anonymous buyer recently spent to buy a Greenwich Village townhome with ties to former Altice USA CEO Dexter Goei, the Wall Street Journal reported.
The Washington D.C. home of late California Sen. Dianne Feinstein.
Actor Seann William Scott's Venice, California home is listed for $4.9 million.
"The Walking Dead" actor Norman Reedus is selling his $3.8 million home in Serenbe, Georgia.