The Isle of Wight Festival, organised by St Albans' John Giddings, has been voted the 'Best Large Festival' at the 2024 UK Music Festival Awards.


  The award was collected by Mr Giddings and his team at the ceremony in Bristol's St Jude's area.


  The festival emerged victorious over other contenders such as Boomtown, Download Festival, Reading and Leeds, TRNSMT Festival, and Victorious Festival.


  This accolade comes shortly after the announcement of the festival's 2025 lineup, which will feature headliners Sting, Stereophonics and Justin Timberlake.


  The Corrs are set to make a return to the festival after a nine-year hiatus, and will perform on the main stage on the Friday.


  Other acts set to take to the stage include Clean Bandit, Jess Glynne and Olly Murs.


  Mr Giddings said: "Coming from the festival goers themselves, it means the world.


  "Our festival has been running for 22 years - 25 if you count its original iteration.


  "We love what we do, we love the artists who come and play and we truly appreciate those people who make their way over to dance in a field and celebrate that which unites us all - music."


  The UK Music Festival Awards, now in its 20th year, recognises the achievements of festival organisers, production teams and suppliers.


  The public votes for their favourite festivals online, with the votes being weighted by event capacity.


  For some categories, industry judges also score entries.


  The winners are then announced at a ceremony.


  Andy Lenthall, the awards organiser, said: "It seems like we just gave an award to a whole island, such is the mark that The Isle of Wight Festival team has made in its community.


  "Here’s to another 25."


  The Isle of Wight Festival made its return in 2002 under the leadership of Mr Giddings, and has since become one of the UK's 'most beloved' festivals.


  Over the years, it has hosted global superstars, including David Bowie, The Rolling Stones, Paul McCartney, Beyoncé, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac, alongside 'countless' emerging artists.


  The festival is known for its one-of-a-kind atmosphere and 'consistently stellar' line ups.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.