By HANNAH MCDONALD 
 Published:  10:48, 24 March 2024   |  Updated:  17:23, 24 March 2024   
 120
View  comments
There's a phrase in Hollywood known all too well by show-runners and stage managers: 'Keep the talent happy'.
Many celebrities become used to luxury as their status and with ego, comes demands. 
There are many stars known to have a long list of on-set requirements to get them through long days of filming or performing.
From refusals to climb stairs and strictly silent chauffeurs, to requests for an abundance of puppies or personal, portable toilet seats - some celebrities are not afraid to put their foot down when it comes to what they want.
Here, MailOnline takes a look at some of the most outrageous, and downright bizarre demands made by celebs.
Tom Hardy poses on the red carpet during the Sentebale Audi Concert at Hampton Court Palace in London, in June 2019
The photographer who inspired Tom Hardy's new film Bikeriders made some baffling claims about the actor on the set of the flick.
Famous snapper Danny Lyon, 82, claimed he was told not to look at Tom, 46, during a visit to the set in Cincinnati where the film was being shot.
In his new memoir, This Is My Life I'm Talking About, Danny detailed travelling to meet the British actor where he was working.
However, he revealed he never actually got to meet Tom because he was warned not to look at Tom at all, before being ordered to watch from behind a tree.
It's not clear if this demand came from production or Tom himself but it certainly raised some eyebrows. 
Patrick Stewart has also previously spoke about Tom's aloof manner on set when they worked together at the start of his career.
The actors were working on Star Trek: Nemesis and Patrick claimed he didn't believe Tom's career would take off, partly due to his apparent dismissive nature. 
He claimed Tom was more interested in spending his downtime with his girlfriend instead of building connections with the experienced group of actors in the cast - though has explicitly said that Tom was never rude or difficult, just reluctant to bond.
Jennifer Lopez at the screening of The Greatest Love Story Never Told at the Pacific Design Center, Los Angeles, in February
Jennifer Lopez may have marketed herself as Jenny From The Block but that doesn't mean her taste isn't expensive.
The singer and actor's list of demands for jobs, referred to as a rider, allegedly insists on her having an all-white dressing room.
Aside from a white couch and tables, Jennifer, 54, is said to insist on white drapes, white candles and white roses - and is so serious about this request that she once almost refused to perform because her backstage room wasn't redecorated entirely white.
Speaking on her The 90s With Dannii Minogue podcast, Dannii recalled that Jennifer demanded her room be completely redecorated before she would perform.
She said: 'And while you hear those diva stories, there is one I can actually vouch for.
'I was at Top Of The Pops and was told Jennifer Lopez was on her way, but she refused to perform unless her backstage room was redecorated.
'I was told everything had to be white, including the sofa. I asked to go in and see the room as she wasn't there in that moment... I was lapping up every detail.'
Kevin Hart attends the Netflix's Lift World Premiere at Jazz at Lincoln Center, New York City, on January 8
Before getting married, Kevin Hart had one truly shocking demand for when on set.
His rider allegedly requested that he be 'brought five women' between the ages of 21 and 27 'with an athletic/sexy build.'
While the rider didn't specifically reveal what the women's roles and responsibilities are, it does say they must be 'experienced in working events with large crowds.'
They also must be 'go-getters' as well as 'very approachable/attractive and they were expected to stay at the venue where Kevin, 44, was for one hour before and after the event. 
The rider also further stipulated the desired build of the woman, while stating T-shirts and tights would be provided but only in sizes 'x-small, small, and medium'.
Mariah Carey attends the Recording Academy Honors presented by the Black Music Collective in Los Angeles on February 1
She famously 'doesn't do stairs', but how she gets around is not the only demand Mariah Carey is particular about.
The rumour of Mariah's transportation demands was kicked off by Alan Carr who, following the singer's appearance on Channel 4's The Friday Night Project in 2008, claimed that she demanded a 'staircase assistant'.
But the star, 54, has made other demands, including once ordering that her dressing room be divided into two: a 'comfortable living area' on one side and a 'make-up and hair area' on the other. 
Busy patterns on any surface were strictly banned, a full dinner service and tea service needed to be available and only a £200 bottle of vintage claret would do. 
Mariah also reportedly once asked for 20 white kittens and 100 white doves in her dressing room and needs an assistant to hand her chewing gum.
Another rumour is that she once demanded vitamin water, no so that she could drink it, but so she could bathe her dogs. 
Beyonce in a snap from her Instagram at the Renaissance tour in August 2023
Beyoncé is a superstar for a reason, but with that can come some pretty odd touring requests. 
Fans were in hysterics when it was revealed that Beyoncé, 42, was having toilet seats brought to her on tour as part of her luggage.
A source told The Sun in August: 'Beyoncé is such an elite performer she can literally request anything.
'Her team makes great effort to ensure she has her own comforts and a personal toilet seat happens to be one.
'Her tour roadies have seen everything so it's not a great deal for them, but it does raise a smile from people who happen to catch a glimpse of the branded container.'
Beyoncé transports her toilet seats in a customised golf buggy which is covered in black sheets to protect her bizarre request when travelling around backstage.
Joe Jonas at an Armani Beauty Celebrates ACQUA DI GIO and Gen A in Malibu on July 15, 2023
Joe Jonas has had his fair share of experience with touring between his time performing with the Jonas Brothers and his own band DNCE. 
So Joe, 34, has learned exactly how much he can get away with - and puppies are one of the stranger requests on his rider. 
In an Australian interview in 2016, he previously revealed: 'I've had 12 puppies on the rider for a while.'
The star's confession was met with surprise as the radio host asked: 'Are you just pushing the limits?'
He revealed that while he doesn't always get his wish, some cities will gladly oblige.  'Every once in a while, a city will show up with 12 puppies,' he added.
He seemingly got his wish when he visited Nashville and met influencer dog Doug the Pug on tour.
'Chillin with the homie @itsdougthepug before the Nashville show,' he captioned the snap.
Katy Perry pictured at the Billboard Women in Music Awards in Inglewood, California, U.S, on March 6
Katy Perry allegedly has one of the lengthiest riders of all time at a whopping 45 pages - and the interior design of her dressing room takes centre stage.
The performer's dressing room - which must be either cream or soft pink - needs to be outfitted with two cream-coloured egg chairs, a 'Perspex modern style' coffee table and 'French ornate style' lamps.
Katy, 39, also has very specific floral requests which includes 'white and purple hydrangeas, pink and white roses and peonies.' 
However, promoters are advised, 'ABSOLUTELY NO CARNATIONS.' That warning is, of course, underlined.
She also insists that chauffeurs are not allowed to 'start a conversation with the client.'
Sir Paul McCartney at the private view of Paul McCartney Photographs 1963-64: Eyes of the Storm at the National Portrait Gallery on June 26
A dedicated vegetarian, The Beatles icon Paul McCartney was very particular when it came to his demands for 2002 tour.  
His rider said Paul, 81, would not travel in a stretch limousine with leather seats and issued blanket bans on animal skin coverings of any kind - including fake animal print.
Paul required a dry cleaner to be on standby at the concert venue and liked his dressing room decked out like a Kew Gardens greenhouse, demanding 19 leafy 6ft plants and four leafy 4ft plants.
 But his plant requirements were specific, as he added: 'No trees, nothing with a trunk and no ragweed or anything of that nature'.
Paul also insisted on vegetarian catering served on an 8ft banqueting table covered in a white tablecloth. 
Selena Gomez attends the 30th Annual Screen Actors Guild Awards at Shrine Auditorium and Expo Hall on February 24
Selena Gomez had a strange request after her 2014 split with Justin Bieber.
Their separation took such a toll on her that she allegedly demanded that no one who worked with Selena, 31, could be named Justin, as per Marie Claire.
As for the crew members who were named Justin, they had to temporarily go by a different name.
Aside from her temporary bans on Justins, her only other unique rider requests are chicken pot pie and pickles. 
Drake walking the red carpet at the Top Boy UK Premiere at Hackney Picturehouse on September 4, 2019
Going on tour can be a stressful experience so it's very important for Drake to find his zen while travelling from venue to venue.
 The rapper's rider allegedly requested a whopping four dozen incense sticks - insisting that they must be 'natural scented.' 
Along with incense, Drake, 37, indulged in other ways to unwind - including E-Z Wider rolling papers and also contains a long list of alcohol, including Hennessy or Courvoisier, Patron Silver Tequila, Grey Goose Vodka, Jack Daniels, and Heineken. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group