To read this article, you must have a Bravo subscription.
The Vanderpump Rules mom kicked off the music festival season alongside Scheana Shay and Brock Davies.
Lala Kent took her baby bump to Coachella!
Watch Vanderpump Rules on Peacock and Bravo.  
After settling into her new Los Angeles digs, the Vanderpump Rules mom returned to her second home in Palm Springs for the music festival’s opening weekend. Lala, who is preparing to welcome baby No. 2, posted several photos of her Coachella experience as well as a few snaps of her stellar outfit choice.
The former SUR hostess stepped out in a shimmery blue mini dress with spaghetti straps and ruching details that accentuated her blossoming belly. She accessorized with silver-toned jewelry, a pair of black roper boots, and a matching cowboy hat with an embellished band around the crown.
A post shared by Lala Kent (@lalakent)
Don’t miss out on the latest Bravo news:
See Lala Kent's Bathroom In Her New House That Has Her Proclaiming "Finally" (PIC)
Go Inside the Moment Lala Kent Found Out She's Having Another Daughter: "It's Pink?!"
Lala Kent Shows Off Her Pregnancy Body In a New Nude Selfie (PHOTO)
Lala’s Vanderpump Rules castmate (and Palm Springs neighbor) Scheana Shay was also spotted in several Instagram posts alongside her husband, Brock Davies. Scheana, of course, delivered a mic-drop fashion moment, as she attended Coachella in a sequin denim corset and matching wide-leg jeans. She finished the look with a long ponytail braid, face gems, chunky white sneakers, and a denim shoulder bag.
Vanderpump Rules’ Tom Schwartz also attended the music event, as did Ariana Madix and her boyfriend, Daniel Wai.
In the days leading up to Coachella 2024, Lala admitted she had spent years avoiding the two-weekend event because it simply didn’t interest her. But she was singing a much different tune this year.
“You guys wanna know something weird?” she asked in an April 10 Instagram Story. “Back in the day when I was a drinker and I was YOLOing my ass off and I had a tight little bod, people would be like, ‘Let’s go to Coachella!’ And I’m like, ‘Coachella? Pfft, pfft.’ No. Zero interest. Now that I am sober and almost 20 weeks pregnant, I’m like, let’s f—kin’ do Coachella! Let’s go to every single party. Let's go and take over the Coachella grounds. Let’s go to the actual festival. Neon Carnival? I’m ready!”
But Lala's 2024 festival season is far from over. After saying she was “energized as AF” for Coachella, the expectant mother revealed she had already locked down her next festival outing.
“Now that I’ve made it known that I’m venturing into the music festival world, my BFF from Texas has talked me into Stagecoach,” she said about the Palm Springs festival, which will take place April 26-28. “So, I’m taking the crew and my cowboy boots, and my new Beyoncé Carter album, and we’re headed to Palm Springs again for Stagecoach!”
RELATED: Get It Poppin' With These Must-Haves Inspired by Lala Kent
Xfinity is raising the bar. Stream your favorite shows with low lag for a smooth connection, even when everyone is online at once. You can even power hundreds of devices, so you never have to miss a moment.
Get news and updates about your favorite shows, plus 3 free credits to watch locked content.
Peacock is the streaming home of your favorite Bravo shows plus so much more.