Tina Knowles wants you to know this isn’t her daughter Beyoncé’s first rodeo.
Beyoncé once again stopped the world when she revealed that her new album, currently known as Act II, is taking a country music turn with her new singles “Texas Hold’em” and “16 Carriages.”
Despite her documented history with country music and cowboy aesthetics, not everyone seems to be a fan of the Houston native returning to her roots.
John Schneider, of Dukes of Hazzard fame, seemingly blasted Beyoncé during an interview with right-wing network OANN, likening her to a urinating dog marking a territory, per TMZ.
“They’ve got to make their mark, just like a dog in a dog walk park, you know?” said Schneider. “Every dog has to mark every tree, right? So that’s what’s going on here.”
Although she didn’t offer a direct response to Schneider’s comments, Bey’s mother spoke her piece on Instagram to shed more light on her family’s relationship with “cowboy culture," and posted a video from TIME which proclaims that Beyoncé "has always been country."
“I just came across this video on my IG feed! We have always celebrated Cowboy Culture growing up in Texas," she wrote. "We also always understood that it was not just about it belonging to White culture only."
“In Texas there is a huge black cowboy culture," Knowles continued. "Why do you think that my kids have integrated it into their fashion and art since the beginning. When people ask why is Beyonce wearing cowboy hats? It's really funny, I actually laugh because it's been there since she was a kid ,we went to rodeos every year and my whole family dressed in western fashion . Solange did a whole brilliant Album and Project based on Black Cowboy Culture. @. It definitely was a part of our culture growing up.”
LaTavia Roberson, Beyoncé’s former Destiny’s Child bandmate, reportedly caught wind of Schneider’s comment and issued her own response on Instagram, writing, “Disgusting and disrespectful being from Texas we was raised on country music as part of our education program. We have The Texas Livestock Show & Rodeo. Our families participate every year & it's mostly African Americans that you see in those activities so plz have several seats.”
Beyoncé’s Act II album, the follow up to 2022’s Renaissance, will be released on March 29.
music | BY Alex Ocho
Beyoncé Says Her Pixie Cut Was an Act of Rebellion: ‘I Just Got the Scissors and Chopped It Off’
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
TikTokers Use Beyoncé's "Texas Hold 'Em" to Discuss Reproductive Rights
style | BY Joe Price
Here Are the Cowboy Hats Beyoncé Has Worn Following the Announcement of ‘Act II’
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.