By PAUL CHAVEZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:23, 20 June 2024   |  Updated:  08:23, 20 June 2024   
 7
View  comments
Lupita Nyong'o revealed she went to Taylor Swift and Beyoncé concerts while on vocal rest during an appearance on Wednesday on Late Night With Seth Meyers.
The 41-year-old Oscar-winning actress was on the NBC talk show to promote the horror prequel A Quiet Place: Day One and Seth, 50, brought up that she injured her vocal cords while working on the upcoming animated film The Wild Robot.
Seth asked if the injury was due to the difficulty of sounding the voice or just too much of a voice.
'Well, okay, so, she's a robot. And she goes through this journey to finding, I guess, what we would call humanity, like empathy. And so, at the start of the movie, I chose to do this very kind of like super positive voice,' Lupita said animatedly in a higher pitch.
'And it was just not in my local register, which is a lot lower. And so, I did it for way too long over a number of days, and I got a vocal polyp. And so, I lost my ability to speak. And my doctor put me on vocal rest. I was on vocal rest for three months,' Lupita said.
Lupita Nyong'o revealed she went to Taylor Swift and Beyonce concerts while on vocal rest during an appearance on Wednesday on Late Night With Seth Meyers
Lupita said she was determined to avoid surgery and her doctor said 35 percent of people recover naturally.
'And I was so determined to be part of that 35 percent. And I did. I cured myself,' Lupita said.
Seth congratulated Lupita and shared photos of her at concerts while on vocal rest.
'You went to see Beyoncé, you went to see Taylor Swift,' Seth said.
'I did,' Lupita confirmed.
'You had to wear a note that said, ''I'm on vocal rest'',' Seth said.
'Yeah, I made that at home,' Lupita said of her note at Taylor's concert.
Seth pointed to an 'on vocal rest' button for her Beyoncé outfit.
The 41-year-old Oscar-winning actress said she started wearing the note about being on vocal rest so people would not think she was being rude by not talking to them
Seth asked if the injury was due to the difficulty of the voice or just too much of a voice
'Yeah, I made that at home,' Lupita said of her vocal rest note she wore at a Taylor Swift concert
Seth pointed to an 'on vocal rest' button for her Beyonce outfit
Lupita said she was determined to avoid surgery and her doctor said 35 percent of people recover naturally
'I upgraded after a few months. I was like, I can get someone else to make me a button,' Lupita said.
Seth asked if she would just sort of gesture when people came over.
'Yeah, exactly. 'Cause sometimes people, fans thought I was being rude because I wouldn't say anything. I'd just be like,' Lupita said while striking a pose.
'So, then, I just thought, okay, let me let people know what's going on and that way they'll have sympathy for me instead of hatred,' she added.
A Quiet Place: Day One is scheduled to be released in the US by Paramount Pictures on June 28.
The Wild Robot is slated to premiere at the 2024 Toronto International Film Festival in September with a theatrical release in the US on September 27.
The animated sci-fi survival drama adventure film from DreamWorks Animation follows title character Roz, a robot shipwrecked on an uninhabited island, voiced by Lupita.
The voice cast of The Wild Robot also features Pedro Pascal, Kit Connor, Bill Nighy, Stephanie Hsu, Catherine O'Hara, and Star Wars legend Mark Hamill.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group