Home » Sports
Beyoncé literally gave flowers to NCAA women’s championship coach Dawn Staley after Gayle King told Staley that she was rooting for Staley’s opponent to win.
Head coach Staley consented to the interview with King for “CBS This Morning,” the day after Staley’s South Carolina Gamecocks defeated the Iowa Hawkeyes in the women’s collegiate title game.
While Staley was still basking after capturing her second championship in three years — and third title in seven years — King nearly shut down Staley’s euphoria with an outburst that fans found disrespectful.
“Was there ever a point in the game where you were worried? We were all cheering for Iowa, of course, and Caitlin Clark,” King passionately told Staley.
King tried to correct her messy question by adding, “But for so many people, you [Staley] got their hearts.”
A few days later, Staley admitted that the all-night celebration of her historic title win left her sleep-deprived. Therefore, she didn’t decipher King’s insulting question and ultimately decided to take the high road.
Even though the champions, Staley and the Gamecocks, seemingly took a backseat to the overwhelming media coverage of the title losers, Caitlin Clark and the Hawkeyes, Staley got the last laugh.
Staley revealed that Beyoncé personally sent the coach flowers and memorabilia as congratulatory gifts for her win. The “Ya Ya” hitmaker also told her that the singer’s entire family — her husband Jay-Z, Blue, Sir and Rumi — followed Staley’s momentous journey throughout the season.
“To Coach Staley and the entire South Carolina Gamecocks, me and my family watched your games and cheered you on through the entire season,” Beyoncé wrote in the note, which Staley read on Instagram. “I am so proud of you, all of my love.”
Staley was visibly moved by the Cowboy Carter singer’s gesture. 
“This deserves a video thank you,” Staley said, speaking to the camera.
“Look at the flowers,” Staley said. “I don’t even think they grow these in South Carolina! Look at the merchandise. If you know, you know!”
LOVE ON TOP!!  @Beyonce pic.twitter.com/kmIZlQWG3h
— dawnstaley (@dawnstaley) April 17, 2024
“Bey, thank you! We appreciate you,” Staley continued. “We’re honored to wear your gear. It says, ‘Always Been Country.’ Well, guess what, I’ve been in the South for 16 years. I’m a little country, too! This is because of you, Bey. Keep inspiring. We love you.”
Queens recognizing queens!
— Kimel F. (@FRYsmalls) April 17, 2024