Some Republicans are arguing that Vice President Harris' campaign will have some legal challenges when it comes to using Biden's campaign funds....
Harris' campaign faces potential legal challenges. And, a new dinosaur discovery
Good morning. You're reading the Up First newsletter. Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox, and listen to the Up First podcast for all the news you need to start your day.
Vice President Kamala Harris is expected to make her first official campaign stop in Milwaukee today as the likely Democratic nominee. Harris is not yet the nominee. However, as of late last night she secured enough support from delegates to become the nominee. Harris outlined a broad agenda at her campaign headquarters in Delaware yesterday, which includes fighting for reproductive rights and lifting up the middle class.
Republicans are warning of legal challenges to a smooth transition from Biden to Harris as the presidential nominee, even as top Democrats back her. Before Biden dropped out of the race, some questioned whether Democrats could swap out the presidential candidate. Now, Republicans are more concerned about whether Harris can access Biden’s campaign funds. The campaign said earlier this month that it had $240 million. 
Secret Service Director Kimberly Cheatle faced questions yesterday from House lawmakers who demanded answers about former President Donald Trump's attempted assassination. She was in the hot seat for nearly five hours. In her testimony, she said the agency is cooperating with the multiple investigations that are underway and conducting its own review into what went wrong. Lawmakers left without the answer to their biggest question: How was the gunman allowed on the roof with a clear line of sight to Trump? 
One of Ukraine’s largest book-printing plants, Factor Druk, looked like a massacre after a Russian missile strike in May. Seven employees died, and 20 more were wounded. Tens of thousands of charred books and printing machinery lay in smoldering ruins under the caved-in roof. The attack even destroyed copies of Words and Bullets, a collection of interviews with writers on the war’s front line set to be released last month. The owner of the printing plant, Serhii Polituchyi, says he has not been deterred from plans to reopen because the industry is thriving. The Ukrainian Book Institute tells NPR that bookstore chains have opened dozens of new stores in the past year alone. 
A message to my readers who are new parents: Congrats! How's your sex life? Chances are, it's not so great. Between diaper duty, sleep deprivation, hormonal changes and general exhaustion, you might not have time or energy left for physical intimacy. Maybe you don't feel ready after being cleared for sex after giving birth. Here are some tips from relationship experts to help keep the romance alive in the postpartum period.
This newsletter was edited by Suzanne Nuyen.
The Daniel K. Inouye telescope snapped a clear image of sunspots.
The billionaire investor, now 94, also said he would be resigning as CEO at the end of the year. He spoke at Berkshire Hathaway's annual shareholder meeting known as "Woodstock for Capitalists."
Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy says he will ask Defense Department officials why an Army Black Hawk helicopter violated flight restrictions at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport.
Formula 1 racing has a ban on cursing, with fines starting at about $46,000. NPR's Scott Simon explains why drivers are darn unhappy with that.
Albanese was the first Australian prime minister to clinch a second consecutive term in 21 years. He suggested his government had boosted its majority by not modeling itself on the Trump administration.
The cartoonish-looking salamanders have faced an uncertain future in the wild. But researchers hope that breeding axolotls in captivity and releasing them in the wild can help their numbers.
USDA's Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service has opened up 73 jobs to internal candidates. They include roles just vacated by people who are receiving full pay and benefits through September.
Latinos, many from outside the U.S. mainland, have risen in prominence in horseracing, from the grooms to some of the winningest jockeys.
A lot happened this week, and NPR has you covered. Catch up on the big news and culture moments you might have missed.
The ruling from U.S. District Judge Beryl Howell is the first to permanently block an executive order issued by President Trump punishing a law firm for representing clients or causes he dislikes.
EPA announced plans to reorganize the agency, moving science-focused staff into different roles and reducing the overall number of employees.
Prime Minister Anthony Albanese's center-left Labor Party is seeking a second term. His opponent, conservative opposition leader Peter Dutton, wants to become the first political leader to oust a first-term government since 1931.