This year's stage design aims to bring the audience into the performance more than ever before 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The stage design for the 2024 Eurovision Song Contest has been unveiled ahead of the grand finale in Malmö, Sweden, on May 11th.
Lighting and Screen Content designer Fredrik Stormby from Green Wall Designs – the creative house who worked on Beyoncé's Renaissance Tour, ABBA Voyage and The 1975's At Their Very Best tour – and production designer Florian Wieder have been tasked with designing and delivering a large-scale and visually impressive show to a global audience of over 160 million Euro-pop fans.
New for 2024 is the placement of the stage, in the centre of the arena, creating a unique 360-degree immersive experience for the audience and viewers at home. The cross-shaped stage platform is comprised of movable LED cubes allowing flexibility for each performance. The focal point of the design is a centrepiece of video and light above the stage again faciliating each country to create a unique look for their Eurovision entry.
Co-founded by Fredrik Stormby, Green Wall Designs is one of the world’s leading creative studios renowned for crafting captivating visual experiences in live entertainment. Specialising in video, lighting, and scenic elements, the team has contributed to many of the world's most notable live productions in recent memory. Among Green Wall Designs' impressive portfolio within the past few years was Loreen's winning performance at the 2023 Eurovision Song Contest.
This year's design not only flirts with modern music and tour production but also draws inspiration from the vibrant urban region around Öresund and Malmö as a city. For the Eurovision Song Contest 2024, Green Wall Designs will strive to execute the event exclusively using LED and laser light sources to achieve lower constant power consumption. The lighting design for the 2024 contest encompasses approximately 2000 light fixtures and 12 follow-spot systems.
Fredrik Stormby, Co-founder and CEO of Green Wall Designs says: “Green Walls Designs is honoured to be working with SVT as the Lighting and Screen Content Designer for The 68th Eurovision Song Contest in Malmo, Sweden. We are excited to deliver a spectacular show in our home country and for audiences across the world”.
SVT has assembled an elite team who bring a wealth of live experience to lead the production of this milestone event, including Executive Producer Ebba Adielsson & Christel Tholse Willers, Exec in Charge of Production Tobias Åberg, Executive Line Producer Johan Bernhagen, Show Producer Per Blankens, Contest Producer Christer Björkman, Head of Production David Wessén, Technical Show Director Ola Melzig, Associate Lighting Designer Mike Smith & Michael Straun, and Content Designer & Producer David Nordström and Line Producer Veronica Skogberg from Green Wall Designs.
Receive our daily digest of inspiration, escapism and design stories from around the world direct to your inbox.
2024 is the third time Sweden will host Eurovision in eleven years. Representing the United Kingdom is former Years & Years frontman and It's A Sin actor, Olly Alexander, with his song 'Dizzy'.
Charlotte Gunn is a writer and editor with 18 years experience in journalism, audience growth and content strategy. Formerly the Editor of NME, Charlotte has written for publications such as Rolling Stone, CN Traveller, The Face and Red. 

Architect Tim Fu, an early AI adopter who regularly uses these new technologies in his practice, offers advice for how AI can assist your


Guggenheim Bilbao hosts 'Painting Without Rules', a major exhibition of soak-stain innovator Helen Frankenthaler’s paintings that also includes Pollock and Rothko


The best beauty products of the month, selected by Wallpaper*, include Dyson’s life-changing new hairdryer, zingy springtime nail polish by Hermès and skin barrier saviours by the likes of Dr Barbara Sturm


Wallpaper* is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.