On Thursday, Nov. 21, Beyoncé attended the opening night of Broadway musical Death Becomes Her in New York City, accompanied by her mother, Tina Knowles, and Kelly Rowland. Rowland was joined by husband Tim Weatherspoon. The new show features Michelle Williams as Viola Van Horn, reuniting the former Destiny’s Child members for the night. Rowland and Knowles walked the red carpet ahead of the show and were joined later by Beyoncé. The Renaissance star could be seen in the audience in a fan photo wearing an off-white trucker hat and pale gray coat for an incognito look. She had her blonde hair down in casual waves and could be seen smiling in delight at the show.
On Saturday, Beyoncé shared a montage of pictures and videos on Instagram from the evening, revealing her full look, which included a charcoal gray knit top and matching shorts. 
On her feet, she wore a pair of knee-high leather boots. For accessories, she had on silver statement rings and a pair of black-framed glasses.
In some clips, Beyoncé, Rowland, and Williams could be seen laughing together as they celebrated, and the star flaunted her Playbill. She shared clips of Williams taking a bow and photos of the show’s advertising featuring her close friend.
Williams posted about the show as well, and Knowles commented, “The Play was fantastic !!!!!!!!’nn you killed it My Belle ❤️❤️❤️so proud of you ❤️❤️❤️.”
Death Becomes Her is an adaptation of the 1992 movie of the same name, originally starring Meryl Streep, Goldie Hawn, Bruce Willis, and Isabella Rossellini. The story follows two women struggling with aging as they fight over a man. They eventually turn to Viola, originally played by Rossellini, who offers them a magic elixir of youth that soon turns on them both.
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.