Taylor Swift will be riding solo to the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards Wednesday night, Page Six can exclusively reveal.
A source tells us that the pop star’s boyfriend, Travis Kelce, is unable to attend the awards show at the UBS Arena in Elmont, NY, due to work commitments.
Meanwhile, Swift will likely be there as she’s this year’s most nominated artist. She’s also expected to break history for the most VMAs wins ever.
“[Travis] had to be back in Kansas City by Tuesday for practice,” an insider exclusively tells Page Six.
The Kansas City Chiefs tight end and his teammates are scheduled to face off against the Cincinnati Bengals on Sept. 15. Kickoff time for the Week 2 game is set for 4:25 p.m. ET.
The Chiefs are coming off of their Week 1 win, in which they beat the Baltimore Ravens, 27-20.
Swift was present for that game and was seen cheering on her boyfriend alongside Kelce’s parents from a private VIP suite.
The couple then celebrated in Kansas City, Mo., that night, where we’re told Swift even got a little tipsy.
Swift and Kelce, both 34, took off the next day to New York City, where they had a whirlwind weekend that consisted of going to a wedding, having fun at the US Open and several dinner dates.
While the athlete is now back in Kansas City, his superstar girlfriend is gearing up for a big night ahead of her in the Big Apple.
She’s racked up a total of 12 nominations for this year’s awards show, including video of the year, song of the year, song of the summer, best direction, best cinematography, best editing, best visual effects, best art direction and best collaboration with Post Malone, all for “Fortnight.”
The Grammy winner is also up for artist of the year, best pop and VMAs most iconic performance for “You Belong With Me.”
Swift, who has already won 23 VMAs throughout her career, also stands to make awards show history Wednesday night as the solo artist with the most wins of all time.
Beyoncé currently holds that record with 29 wins. 
Other stars set to have a big night at the music awards show include Katy Perry, who will be receiving the Video Vanguard Award and performing a medley of her greatest hits.
Megan Thee Stallion will also be taking the stage both as a performer and this year’s host.
The MTV Video Music Awards will air live on Wednesday night starting at 8 p.m. ET.
Advertisement