Soft, sophisticated, and surprisingly versatile, fashion's favorite material is making luxury more accessible than ever.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Some trends inspire reinvention, prompting you to incorporate new colors or prints into your closet. Others invite a fresh perspective on what we already own. As one of fall’s most coveted trends, suede does both, marrying modern takes with a tried-and-true autumn classic.
And if it seems that suede is suddenly everywhere, you’re not imagining it. While it never truly fades from fashion, retail consultant and Retail Diary author Sarah Shapiro notes the influence of Western motifs, popularized by the runways of Ralph Lauren and figures like Beyoncé, as a driving force behind its sudden resurgence. Not to mention suede's ability to span cold-weather styles, from barn jackets to fall bags in every shape and size. The fabric also feels inherently seasonal—available in rich shades of brown and on-trend hues like olive green and burgundy.
Beyond aesthetics, suede also proves practical—"It’s a material that adapts across temperatures yet looks distinctly autumnal,” Shapiro explains. And a luxe effect is achievable at any price point.
For those looking to invest in this timeless texture for fall 2024, we’ve curated a selection of standout suede pieces across categories, with expert insights on how to use the fabric to bring depth to any wardrobe.
Models carried suede bags in a variety of hues on the runways at Altuzarra, Bottega Veneta, and Ralph Lauren.
This fall, suede bags have seen the sharpest spike in growth across all categories. Kendall Becker, Director of Fashion and Media Relations at Trendalytics, says there has been an 841 percent increase in searches for suede bags year-over-year. Brands leading the charge include Coach, whose suede Brooklyn Bag has been sold out for weeks (but don't fret—we've included a few great alternatives), and excellent suede work bags from Madewell and J.Crew. On the luxury side, Gucci's Blondie Bag has also cemented itself as an often-worn celebrity favorite.
Suede jackets added an easy (sometimes colorful) touch at Anna Sui, Bottega Veneta, and Isabel Marant. 
Suede has also appealed from the runway to the real world. "Suede jackets [highly coveted on the catwalks of Miu Miu and Bottega Veneta] are another trend in high demand right now, with social buzz across platforms up 57 percent over last year," Becker notes. Brands like Sezane (a favorite of Shapiro's, who mentioned its Will Jackets style in a recent post) and Free People offer more affordable looks.
Suede pants and skirts prove they can work just as well as denim or leather options at Altuzarra, Bottega Veneta, and Ralph Lauren this season. 
Incorporating suede trousers or skirts into your fall wardrobe blends the laid-back elegance of bohemian style with the effortlessly chic French-girl aesthetic—think Jane Birkin’s iconic, relaxed allure. American classics like Banana Republic and bohemian-inspired brands like Free People have perfected the look this season.
Suede popped in shades of blue at Alaia, while Ralph Lauren and Jaquemus worked in neutral shades. 
While suede boots are a forever staple (more on that later), suede has expanded to every facet of the fall shoe trend category this season. Shapiro names loafers and ballet flats as some of her favorite classic silhouettes. Meanwhile, some of the season's trendiest sneakers are crafted from suede—especially amongst best-selling brands like Adidas and Golden Goose.
Suede boots got the French-girl stamp of approval at Chanel and Isabel Marant, while Khaite showed that they've long been a favorite of New York-based shoppers, too. 
You can find almost every type of boot in a suede fabrication right now, from cozy shearling-lined Uggs to sleek knee-high fall boot options from brands like Sam Edelman and Madewell. You can even tap into the cowboy boot trend using suede.
Kendall is an experienced fashion editor, trend forecaster, stylist, and strategic consultant. She’s currently the Director of Fashion and Media Relations at Trendalytics. Most recently, Kendall was on contract as the Assistant Fashion Director for Women’s RTW at Bloomingdale’s in New York City. 
Currently: Retail Strategist and Consultant. Personal Shopper to family and friends - I’m the friend that keeps sending you links and articles of what you will love. LinkedIn and my personal website here.Past: Bloomingdale’s, Williams-Sonoma, Brandless, Clorox. Fashion Accessories Entrepreneur and Designer, Consultant. (Merchandising). 
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Julia Marzovilla is the Fashion E-Commerce Editor at Marie Claire, where she reviews the latest launches from fashion and beauty brands, finds the best on-sale items around the internet, and interviews experts to find the best products in any category to share with her readers. She also creates shopping guides that span every vertical on the site as an expert in everything from the best laptop bags to the best laser hair removal devices. 
In her near decade of experience, Julia has both written for several top outlets in the E-Commerce space and worked at major fashion labels. Prior to joining the Marie Claire team, she contributed similar shopping stories to sites such as Bustle, InStyle, The Zoe Report, Who What Wear, and worked as the Trending Fashion and News Writer STYLECASTER. You can find her across the internet at @JuliaMarzovilla. In real life, you can find her creating shopping guides for her friends, cooking or baking in her too-small kitchen, or buying tickets for the next time Harry Styles is in town. 
Julia has a Bachelor’s degree in English with a minor in Journalism from Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles, California. She lives in New York City, her hometown. 

The late Queen broke protocol when her grandson was unhappy about one aspect of his big day.


The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


Just another Hollywood star to join the bob-aissance.


Even if you didn't inherit a fortune, you can dress like you did.


A retail analyst, a high-end fashion sourcer, and two fashion directors weigh in.


Consider your holiday uniform complete with these rich-looking finds from Banana Republic, Madewell, and Gap.


From deep burgundy to animal prints and Fair Isle knits, kick off the holiday season with pieces that look polished but aren't at all stuffy.


Embrace the footwear without looking like a rodeo extra.


The most coveted styles that won't break the bank.


Fashion has a new-school take on the Americana uniform.


The former First Lady is the undeniable muse of the season.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.