Jay's last studio album arrived in 2017.

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

Roc Nation has addressed rumors that Jay-Z will drop an album this year. 

	Director HidjiWorld hit his Instagram Story, showing that he allegedly worked with Hov on a music video. He uploaded a picture of a clapperboard with a brief breakdown. “JAY-Z 2024 ALBUM, 1/28/24, Dir. HIDJI, Cam. LEROY FARREL,” the board read. 

	An additional screenshot from the director shows him messaging an unnamed figure. HidjiWorld is asked what he’s doing, to which he responds he’s shooting a project for Jay. Roc Nation caught wind of the viral pictures and offered a response. “That’s news to us,” the company typed on their official X/Twitter account. 

	But this isn’t the first time Hov has been rumored to be working on a new LP. In 2022, rumors picked up online after Swizz Beatz posted a photo of himself, Jay, and O.G. Juan boarding a plane. “Sky trip with some good guys, The O.G & the GOAT,” Swizzy typed at the time. Since then, the only new music Jay has released was his acclaimed verse on DJ Khaled‘s “GOD DID.” 

	










	Jay appeared on Kevin Hart’s Hart To Hart in 2022 and wasn’t ruling out making another album. However, at the time, he insisted that he wasn’t working on music. “I don’t know what happens next. I’m not actively making music or making an album or have plans to make an album, but I never want to say I’m retired. You know, it’s a gift. And who am I to shut it off? You know what I mean?”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Beyoncé Celebrates Tina Knowles' No. 1 Memoir At 'Cowboy Carter' Second LA Show		
			






That’s news to us https://t.co/19LGtkhtlN

	Hov then spoke to Gayle King about his career in 2023 for CBS Mornings. The icon opened up about his discography as King asked if he was ready to drop another LP. Jay asserted that he wouldn’t release an album unless he had something important to say. 

	“I don’t wanna just make a bunch of tunes. That’s not gonna serve me. It won’t feed me, first of all. I have to be saying something important,” he said. “It has to mean something, you know? It has to mean something to a larger society…4:44, for example, was a personal story, but the amount of vulnerability in there allowed for a lot of people to explore the space.”

	Hov’s last album, 4:44, arrived in 2017. The ten-track project was critically acclaimed upon release and served as his response to Beyoncé’s Lemonade. He addressed his infidelity, his relationship with Kanye West, Bey, Solange, Blue Ivy, himself, and his legacy. 

	The emcee’s thirteenth album debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, moving 262,000 equivalent units in its first week. The record was supported by three singles, including “4:44,” “Bam,” and “Family Feud,” which featured Bey. A week later, the LP was certified platinum by the RIAA. 

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.