Matthew Impelli is a Newsweek staff writer based in New York. His focus is reporting social issues and crime. In January 2023, Matthew traveled to Moscow, Idaho where he reported on the quadruple murders and arrest of Bryan Kohberger. Matthew joined Newsweek in 2019 after graduating from Syracuse University. He also received his master's degree from St. John's University in 2021. You can get in touch with Matthew by emailing m.impelli@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Vice President Kamala Harris is set to deliver the closing argument for her presidential campaign on Tuesday at the site of where former President Donald Trump delivered a speech before the riot on the U.S. Capitol.
Harris aimed to underscore the contrast between her campaign and Trump's by delivering her keynote address from the Ellipse—the same location where, on January 6, 2021, Trump debunked false claims about the 2020 election, fueling a mob that stormed the Capitol in a failed attempt to block the certification of President Joe Biden's victory.
With just a week remaining until Election Day, Harris is set to deliver a 7:30 p.m. ET speech from the Ellipse in Washington, D.C. She is expected to focus on policies that improve Americans' lives while accusing her Republican counterpart of running for personal gain.
Harris's address follows a recent trip to Texas, a Republican stronghold, where she joined music icon Beyoncé to highlight the impact of the U.S. Supreme Court's decision to overturn Roe v. Wade. That appearance was part of a broader effort to connect with voters ahead of Election Day.
During Tuesday's speech, Harris is anticipated to outline a pragmatic, forward-focused agenda, emphasizing her economic proposals and reaffirming her commitment to expanding access to reproductive healthcare, including abortion.
While speaking about the vice president's upcoming speech, Harris campaign chair Jen O'Malley Dillon said, "It's a place that certainly we believe helps crystalize the choice in this election."
Dillon also noted that the site of the speech will show "a stark visualization of probably the most infamous example of Donald Trump and how he's used his power for bad."
While speaking to reporters on Monday, Harris said, "There's a big difference between he and I," alluding to Trump.
"If he were elected, on day one he's going to sit in the Oval Office working on his enemies list. On day one, if I am elected, which I fully expect to be, I will be working on behalf of the American people on my to-do list," she said.
In remarks to reporters from his Mar-a-Lago club in Florida on Tuesday morning, Trump criticized Harris' upcoming speech, accusing her of failing to focus on the everyday challenges and issues that matter most to Americans.
Trump claimed that Harris "keeps talking about Hitler and Nazis because her record's horrible," referencing her repeated warnings about comments from his former chief of staff, who alleged that Trump had spoken admiringly of the Nazi leader during his time in office.
This article includes reporting from The Associated Press.
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Matthew Impelli is a Newsweek staff writer based in New York. His focus is reporting social issues and crime. In January 2023, Matthew traveled to Moscow, Idaho where he reported on the quadruple murders and arrest of Bryan Kohberger. Matthew joined Newsweek in 2019 after graduating from Syracuse University. He also received his master's degree from St. John's University in 2021. You can get in touch with Matthew by emailing m.impelli@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Matthew Impelli is a Newsweek staff writer based in New York. His focus is reporting social issues and crime. In January 2023, Matthew traveled to Moscow, Idaho where he reported on the quadruple murders and arrest of Bryan Kohberger. Matthew joined Newsweek in 2019 after graduating from Syracuse University. He also received his master's degree from St. John's University in 2021. You can get in touch with Matthew by emailing m.impelli@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Matthew Impelli is a Newsweek staff writer based in New York. His focus is reporting social issues and crime. In                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC