The She Did That founder Renae Bluitt dishes on her holiday bazaar and betting on Black business.
Source: Shatimah Brathwaite / Shatimah Brathwaite Renae Bliutt
Corporate America might be fleeing shallow commitments to Black business, but brand consultant and producer Renae Bluitt is standing on business. She recently hosted her annual She Did That holiday bazaar in Brooklyn’s Industry City. The theme for this year? The future is Black-owned.
The bazaar’s future looks bright. Industry City was the largest location Bluitt had ever booked. “We are expanding into a bigger venue,” she said. “We just want to have more space for our merchants to spread out for more guests.”
Guests filled previous venues in Manhattan and Brooklyn, stopping at stalls to pick up beauty products, embroidered sweatshirts, soy candles, and designer hats. They stuffed their Telfar shopping bags to the brim with gifts for themselves and others.
Music from the DJ booth, usually occupied by a Black woman, helps set the mood during the event. The IRL experience connects a small business to potential customers in a way that a swipe-up tool or a live session can not accomplish. But that opportunity can be pricey.
Participants at the Bazaar connect face to face with consumers without assuming the financial burden of planning and producing their own pop up shops. She has a smile in her voice as she describes watching vendors help one another right before doors open.
“It’s really a beautiful community and a beautiful sisterhood,” said Bluitt. “This is a safe space. No one has to act like they have it all figured out.”
“It is no secret. That 2024 has been a challenging year to say the least for a lot of small businesses,” says Bluitt. “When you have an economy like this inflation, it hits small businesses the hardest.”
Bluitt and her presenting partner SheaMoisture are supporting Black businesses as others cower to political backlash. The bazaar is just one of the examples of the work they’re doing to empower business owners who need support. “I know firsthand even from personal experience, what these challenges are like and so, in talking to SheaMoisture about how we can collaborate, that is where we landed. We wanted to create these opportunities for Black-owned businesses in our community to not just survive this time that we’re in, but thrive,” Bluitt continued.
Several national firms have dismantled programs designed to equalize the playing field for those who have been marginalized and traditionally excluded from full economic participation.
“We’re super excited to have SheaMoisture as a brand partner. I’ve been doing some collaborative work with SheaMoisture. Throughout this year we launched a program called “Business That Bonds” which is an initiative that we created to really pour into small businesses in our community when they need it.”
Black businesses often start trends they can’t scale due to lack of access to capital. Business owners can make sales and have a chance to qualify for grants at the bazaar.
The one-day event featured offerings from over sixty Black businesses. Attendees sipped and snacked on Black-owned beverages and light bites from brands like B Stuyvesant Champagne, BCakeNY and The Crabby Shack.
Bluitt, the founder of the In Her Shoes blog, has a history of supporting Black women and projects. “I started doing this in 2009, blogging about Black women entrepreneurs, then hosting events around New York City and then producing the first ever full length documentary about the journey of Black women founders,” she said.
Bluitt’s 2019 film She Did That is now streaming on Prime Video and Tubi.
Previous vendors at the bazaar have gone on to build successful firms that line the shelves of the places every Black girl frequents during her Sunday errands. Lamik Beauty, founded by Kim Roxie, was represented at the Bazaar previously, now they’re sold in Ulta. Lorraine West, a prominent jewelry designer, is a staple at the bazaar. She has gone on to be featured in Harper’s Bazaar and have her work worn by Beyoncé.
The event is not just a place of triumph, it’s a platform for discovery. Tastemakers like Kéla Walker, Necole Kane, and more attend, amplifying the work of those presenting their wares.
Source: Shatimah Brathwaite / Shatimah Brathwaite
Melissa Butler presented The Lip Bar at the bazaar when the company was in its infancy. Today they are a beauty industry power player. They have a flag ship in Detroit and they have displays in Target.
“She’s now in CVS around the country, her company has grown tenfold in terms of staffing,” said Bluitt. “She’s creating jobs for single moms and families and just really providing for our community in a beautiful way. And so when I think about the success stories of the She Did That Community, The Lip Bar is probably at the top of my list.”
Bluitt recognizes the power in building bridges and she has created the He Did That space to welcome Black men into the fold this year. “The fellas will be in the building,” she said. “There’ll be almost 20 Black men-owned Brands. Across all product categories, from fashion to lifestyle,” she continued. “Anyone who’s been to the holiday bazaar knows that it is the family reunion that you didn’t know you needed to close out the year.”
The bazaar is a place to find a true and lasting community for business owners. Several of the vendors have linked up on their own to produce collaborations and increase their visibility. Candle company Lit Bklyn and streetwear firm Mess in a Bottle have worked together on a limited edition candle. Stationary company Effie’s paper has worked with designer Dressed in Joy.
Bluitt wants to continue bringing talent and tenacity together at her events.
“If we didn’t learn anything else between 2020 and 24, what I would I hope we were able to walk away with is that we have to be our brothers and sisters keepers.”
DON’T MISS: 
Jovana Jenkins Wants To Heal Mother Wounds Through Mentorship


She Did That Founder Renae Bluitt Says The Future Is STILL Black-Owned 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Listen Live								

									Weekend Roundup: Love, Noise, & MLK Community Day								

									iPower Under 30: Antonio Knoxx								

									Weekend Roundup: Neverland, VMFA Afterhours, & The Big Game								

									iPower Under 30: Rivers Taylor								

									Weekend Roundup: Black Panther, Hip Hop Skating, & More!								

									Weekend Roundup: The Fan, Brunch, & “Mr. Cooper”								

									Win A New Home with St. Jude's Home Giveaway!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.