By 

	Tomás Mier


Post Malone‘s album is coming — and it has a name and release date. On Tuesday, the musician shared a photo of a billboard revealing that the name of his sixth album is F-1 Trillion, and it drops on Aug. 16.

	“Sup motherfuckas…F-1 Trillion August 16th,” wrote Posty on Instagram alongside a photo of a billboard with the LP title. “The name of the new Post Malone Album is,” read the signage before a logo with the racecar-themed album title.
A post shared by @postmalone

	Malone’s album title reveal comes several weeks after Blake Shelton joined him at CMA Fest‘s Spotify House to perform the album’s second single “Pour Me a Drink.” It also comes as his collaboration with Morgan Wallen, “I Had Some Help,” remained at Number One on the Billboard Hot 100.

	Malone kicked off his country era in April with a surprise performance at the famed Ryman Auditorium, followed a few weeks later by his set at Stagecoach, where he performed a set of country covers and was joined on stage by the likes of Brad Paisley, Dwight Yokam, and Sara Evans. 

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	








	He also performed at the 2024 Academy of Country Music Awards, honored Dickey Betts with a cover of “Ramblin’ Man” with Reba McEntire, and joined Beyoncé on “Levii’s Jeans” from Cowboy Carter. 

	In the last few days, Malone performed at Bonnaroo, where he brought out Billy Strings to sing tracks from Beerbongs & Bentleys, and surprised a crowd at Nashville’s Bluebird Café to perform with Lainey Wilson and Ashley Gorley.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.