Nile Rodgers hailed SZA for her "incredible songwriting, incredible performances, incredible artistry" in naming her the recipient of the Hal David Starlight Award
SZA will be honoured with the Hal David Starlight Award at the 2024 Songwriters Hall of Fame Induction and Awards gala.
According to a press release, the Hal David Starlight Award is presented to “gifted young songwriters who are making a significant impact in the music industry with their original songs.” The chart-topping singer will also become the second black woman to receive the honour – the last being Alicia Keys in 2005.
“This is such an exciting time for songwriters and music,” said Songwriters Hall of Fame chairman Nile Rodgers. “Phenomenal artists like Beyoncé and Taylor Swift are pushing the envelope of what success looks like, but who could argue that the last two years belong to SZA. Incredible songwriting, incredible performances, incredible artistry. She so deserves to be the 2024 recipient of the Hal David Starlight Award!”
SZA reacted to the news online, writing in an Instagram story post: “This is THE most meaningful thing to me. You have NO idea. THANK YOU beyond words for seeing me at all.”
SZA to receive special award from Songwriters Hall of Fame pic.twitter.com/vEMQJlm79B
— HipHopDX (@HipHopDX) April 17, 2024
The event will take place on June 13 at the Marriott Marquis Hotel in New York City, and will also honour this year’s inductees, including R.E.M., Steely Dan, Timbaland and more.
Non-performing writers Hilary Lindsey and Dean Pitchford will also be honoured for their contributions to country music and ’80s film soundtracks, respectively.
In another statement, Rodgers emphasised the importance of songwriters in the music industry, stating: “I’ve said it before, but the music industry does not exist without songwriters delivering great songs first. Without them there is no recorded music, no concert business, no merch… nothing, it all starts with the song and the songwriter.
“We are therefore very proud that we are continually recognizing some of the culturally most important songwriters of all time and that the 2024 slate represents not just iconic songs but also diversity and unity across genres, ethnicity and gender, songwriters who have enriched our lives and literally enriched music and the lives of billions of listeners all over the world.”
Jade, Snoop Dogg and Electric Light Orchestra’s Jeff Lynne were included in last year’s class of Songwriters Hall Of Fame inductees, alongside Gloria Estefan, Teddy Riley, Glen Ballard and Liz Rose.
SZA – CREDIT: Timothy Norris/FilmMagic/Getty Images
Earlier this year, SZA shared that she was working on the deluxe version of her second studio album ‘SOS‘, which she has now expanded into another album called ‘Lana’. Last month, she spoke about the leaked songs that surfaced online, confirming that they were intended for her next release. She added that “‘Lana’ deserves more time and music no one’s ever heard before,” so fans can expect to wait longer for the record.
The ‘Snooze’ singer also updated fans on her album, telling The Hollywood Reporter: “I want to allow it to finish shaping itself and form itself before I speak on it and possibly change the trajectory of what it could be. But, I will say, I’m in a beautiful space creatively and I feel just very new.”
In other news, SZA will be headlining Glastonbury Festival this year, marking her first-ever appearance at the Worthy Farm event. In addition, she will be performing at BST Hyde Park in London that same weekend before playing another huge gig at Dublin’s Malahide Castle on July 3 – check here for any available tickets.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.