By 

	Anna Tingley


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Variety may receive an affiliate commission.

The Eagles are the next beloved band to take their most iconic hits to the Las Vegas Sphere. The band announced earlier this month a residency at the city’s buzzy new music venue, featuring eight shows over four weekends from Sept. 20 through Oct. 19. 

	The general on-sale began on June 21 on Live Nation, but tickets are now also available on resale sites such as Stubhub, SeatGeek and Ticketmaster, with resale prices ranging between $200 – $450 depending on which seats you choose out of the 18,600-seat theater. Tickets are also available on Ticketnetwork, where you can save $150 off $500 orders with the code VARIETY150.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					2025 NBA Playoffs Hold Promise of a Ratings Rebound 		
			














	
		
					'House of the Dragon' Season 3 Casts Barry Sloane, Tom Cullen, Joplin Sibtain		
			








	The upcoming residency comes on the heels of the group’s final farewell tour (aptly titled “Long Goodbye), which so far has dates up until Nov. 17 but will likely extend through 2025. 




			Popular on Variety		






	According to the announcement of their final tour dates, the Eagles — Don Henley, Joe Walsh and Timothy B. Schmit, with Vince Gill and Deacon Frey — will perform “as many shows in each market as their audience demands.” 

	The Eagles are one of the most successful and longest-running acts in the history of popular music. Throughout their 52 years as a group, they’ve sold more than 150 million albums worldwide, scored six No. 1 albums and topped the singles charts five times. They earned six Grammy Awards, were inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 1998, in their first year of eligibility, received the Kennedy Center Honors in 2016 and have had more than a thousand concerts.

	Of their ongoing “Long Goodbye” tour, Variety music critic A.D Amorosi wrote that their farewell competes with the likes of Taylor Swift and Beyoncé for tour of the year, writing that the show as “tasty and memorably laden with hit after hit – and this doesn’t even touch on the oddly complementary rhythm and blues jazz of Donald Fagen’s Steely Dan.”

	Purchases tickets to The Eagles Las Vegas Sphere residency below:
The Business of Entertainment