Showing off more than intended?

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Chrissy Teigen is pretty much an open book when it comes to her body and the plastic surgery she’s had. Whether she’s finding a funny way to say goodbye to her fake boobs or sharing the results of her “buccal fat removal” procedure, fans have come to expect nothing but transparency from the model. Transparency is definitely what they got, too, when Teigen went sheer for an Oscars afterparty, with a camera flash showing off more than she bargained for. But, after she pointed out her “boob lift scars” on social media, lots of people thought she shouldn’t have said anything.
The former Lip Sync Battle host and her husband, John Legend, looked gorgeous in their coordinated black-and-gold outfits for Beyoncé and Jay-Z’s annual Oscars “Gold Party.” However, Chrissy Teigen — who combined the see-through and corset dress trends in a Jasmin Erbas gown — didn’t seem to be impressed that the scarring from some of her past work was visible in the pics she posted to Instagram: 
A post shared by chrissy teigen (@chrissyteigen)
A photo posted by on 
This was a pretty on-brand move for the TV personality, who has been known to post awkward and unflattering photos to prove that her life is not picture-perfect. There was obvious humor in the caption above that shouted out to her “boob lift scars,” and Chrissy Teigen fully predicted everyone’s next move, adding the comment: 
You’re all zooming I can feel it!!!
The thing is, her scars weren’t even noticeable until she pointed them out, and many people admitted that they had indeed zoomed in to see what she was talking about, with one saying she “practically dared us to.” Several fans celebrated the mom of four for owning the look — scars and all — but said she probably could have gone without mentioning them. Their comments included: 
Chrissy Teigen has mentioned her “lifetime scars” in the past, when she shared a sweet bath time photo with her baby girl Esti last year, and fans appreciated that authenticity. Many in the above post praised her again for normalizing the scars that many women have, be it from mastectomies or cosmetic surgeries. 
So while Chrissy Teigen likely could have gotten away with not even mentioning how the flash exposed the marks on her body, it turns out that maybe it was a good thing, as she showed other women that it's OK to embrace all parts of themselves. 
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Heidi Venable is a Content Producer for CinemaBlend, a mom of two and a hard-core '90s kid. She started freelancing for CinemaBlend in 2020 and officially came on board in 2021. Her job entails writing news stories and TV reactions from some of her favorite prime-time shows like Grey's Anatomy and The Bachelor. She graduated from Louisiana Tech University with a degree in Journalism and worked in the newspaper industry for almost two decades in multiple roles including Sports Editor, Page Designer and Online Editor. Unprovoked, will quote Friends in any situation. Thrives on New Orleans Saints football, The West Wing and taco trucks.
After All The Last Of Us' Joel Turmoil, I'm Really Appreciating The Jackson Community For Two Key Reasons
After Bowen Yang Reacted To Aimee Lou Wood's Criticism Of That White Lotus SNL Sketch, Chloe Fineman Shared Her Thoughts On What Happened
Yellowstone May Have Ended Earlier Than Expected, But We'll Get To See Some OG Characters Back On Screen Sooner Than I Thought

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.