BURBANK, Calif. (Aug. 9, 2024) – The world-class storytelling engines of The Walt Disney Company took center stage at the Honda Center during the Disney Entertainment Showcase at D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event presented by Visa®. Surprise celebrity appearances, new film and series titles, and major musical performances enthralled the audience of Disney fans from around the world, demonstrating the unmatched strength of the company’s creative studios, as well as the unique connection that generations of passionate fans of all ages have forged with its stories and characters over the past century.
Walt Disney Company Chief Executive Officer Bob Iger kicked off the evening to thank fans for their enduring passion, and to highlight what sets Disney apart as a global leader in creative storytelling and innovation. “Our deep bond with fans, forged over a century of storytelling, is stronger today than ever before,” he said, “driven by the unmatched strength of our creative studios, the wide appeal of our brands and franchises, and the innovative ways that we bring our stories to life in our theme parks and experiences.”
Hosted by Yvette Nicole Brown, the event featured a number of Disney’s outstanding creative leaders, including Disney Entertainment Co-Chairman Alan Bergman, Pixar Animation Studios’ Chief Creative Officer Pete Docter, Disney Animation’s Chief Creative Officer Jennifer Lee, and Marvel Studios’ President and producer Kevin Feige were on stage to introduce the stars and storytellers behind new and beloved titles.
Major Moments & Announcements from Tonight’s Showcase
The Walt Disney Studios had a lot to celebrate—and a lot to look forward to.
WALT DISNEY ANIMATION STUDIOS welcomes back to the big screen fan-favorite characters in a trio of all-new feature films coming to theaters beginning this fall.
Disney Animation’s “Moana 2” kicked off the showcase with a crowd-pleasing performance by the phenomenal voice of Moana herself, Auli‘i Cravalho, alongside dancers and drummers from Nonosina Polynesia. Fans were among the first ever to hear “We’re Back,” an all-new song written by Grammy®-winning songwriters Abigail Barlow and Emily Bear—one of several new songs to be featured in the film that reunites Moana and Maui for an expansive new voyage. Following the performance, Dwayne Johnson, the inimitable voice of demigod Maui, hit the stage to greet fans and drum up excitement, revealing for the first time a new trailer and poster, which are now available. Directed by David Derrick Jr., Jason Hand and Dana Ledoux Miller, and produced by Christina Chen and Yvett Merino, the new film opens only in theaters on Nov. 27, 2024.Fans went wild for the studio’s highly anticipated follow-up to “Zootopia,” 2016’s Oscar®-winning feature film. In “Zootopia 2,” which hits theaters in November 2025, detectives Judy Hopps and Nick Wilde find themselves on the twisting trail of a mysterious reptile who arrives in Zootopia and turns the mammal metropolis upside down. To crack the case, Judy and Nick must go undercover to unexpected new parts of town, where their growing partnership is tested like never before. Ginnifer Goodwin, who returns to voice clever bunny Judy, greeted fans at D23, sharing a special look at the film that features a fugitive snake called Gary. Jason Bateman returns as the voice of wise-cracking fox Nick Wilde, Ke Huy Quan was announced tonight as the voice of Gary, and Fortune Feimster ventures into the world as a beaver named Nibbles. Jared Bush is directing and writing; Yvett Merino produces. The film logo and concept art are now available.
Disney Animation’s Jennifer Lee, who wrote and directed 2013’s Oscar-winning “Frozen” and its 2019 follow-up, shared a brief tease and concept art for “Frozen 3,” which comes exclusively to movie theaters in 2027.
AVATAR continues to enchant and excite global audiences, and franchise creator James Cameron was on site to share details about the next chapter.
The excited crowd offered a warm D23 welcome to Cameron, who will become an official Disney Legend this weekend. Joined by “Avatar” stars Sam Worthington and Zoe Saldaña, Cameron revealed for the first time the title of the third film in the remarkably successful “Avatar” franchise: “Avatar: Fire and Ash,” which takes audiences back to Pandora in an immersive new adventure with Marine turned Na’vi leader Jake Sully (Worthington), Na’vi warrior Neytiri (Saldaña) and the Sully family. Directed by Cameron, the new film from 20th Century Studios and Lightstorm Entertainment also stars Sigourney Weaver, Stephen Lang, Kate Winslet, Cliff Curtis, Oona Chaplin, Jack Champion, Britain Dalton, Trinity Bliss and Bailey Bass. “Avatar: Fire and Ash” opens exclusively in theaters nationwide December 19, 2025.
PIXAR ANIMATION STUDIOS’ Pete Docter invited fans inside his own mind where his Emotions were both grateful—“Inside Out 2” recently became the number-one animated film of all time—and excited about what’s next from the studio.
Docter revealed the official launch date of Pixar’s first original series “Win or Lose,” which begins streaming exclusively on Disney+ on Dec. 6, 2024. Directed, written and executive produced by Carrie Hobson and Michael Yates, and produced by David Lally, the new series reveals what it feels like to be in the shoes of eight different characters—the insecure kids, their helicopter parents, even a lovesick umpire—as they prepare for a championship softball game. Will Forte lends his voice to the coach. Some fans will get to see the first two episodes at D23 Backlot stage tomorrow. A sneak peek and teaser poster are now available.
Coming to Disney+ in 2025 is “Dream Productions,” a just-announced series from the world of “Inside Out” about the studio inside Riley’s mind where dreams really do come true thanks to acclaimed dream director Paula Persimmon (voice of Paula Pell). Written and directed by Mike Jones and produced by Jaclyn Simon, the four-episode series also features the voices of Richard Ayoade, Amy Poehler, Maya Rudolph, Alli Maki, Kensington Tallman, Liza Lapira, Tony Hale, Lewis Black and Phyllis Smith. Logo and concept art are now available.
The D23 audience was cosmically chosen to learn more about Pixar’s upcoming feature film “Elio.” Directed by Madeline Sharafian, Domee Shi and Adrian Molina, the new adventure follows Elio, a space fanatic with an active imagination, who gets beamed up to the Communiverse, an interplanetary organization that mistakes him for Earth’s leader. Greeting fans were the voice of Elio himself, Yonas Kibreab, and Zoe Saldaña, who lends her voice to Elio’s Aunt Olga. Produced by Mary Alice Drumm, the movie also features the voices of Brad Garrett and Jameela Jamil. “Elio” releases in theaters on June 13, 2025. New concept art is now available.
Coming to theaters in 2026 is “Hoppers,” an all-new film from Pixar that introduces Mabel, an animal lover who seizes an opportunity to use new technology to ‘hop’ her consciousness into a life-like robotic animal: an adorable beaver. Directed by Daniel Chong and produced by Nicole Paradis Grindle, “Hoppers” features the voices of Piper Curda, Bobby Moynihan and Jon Hamm. A film logo and concept art are now available.
It’s been almost 30 years since audiences first met Buzz and Woody and what a journey they’ve had! The D23 crowd was elated to hear about Disney and Pixar’s “Toy Story 5” when Pixar veteran Andrew Stanton, who’s worked on every “Toy Story” film and helms the new movie, greeted fans and offered a few clues about the new story. This time around, it’s Toy meets Tech when Buzz, Woody, Jessie and the rest of the gang’s jobs get exponentially harder as they go head to head with this all-new threat to playtime. Co-directed by McKenna Harris and produced by Jessica Choi, “Toy Story 5” opens only in theaters on June 19, 2026. The film logo and concept art are now available.
Docter had one final announcement before he bid adieu. Fans’ favorite Super-family is heading back to the big screen—“Incredibles 3” is officially in the works at Pixar Animation Studios with Oscar®-winning filmmaker Brad Bird currently developing the film. The I3 badge is now available.
DISNEY ON BROADWAY celebrated its 30th anniversary with a thrilling medley of performances and exclusive announcements from its hit stage musicals. Highlights included “The Lion King,” “Aladdin” and “Hercules,” which will open in London’s West End in the summer of 2025. The event also featured news about “The Greatest Showman,” currently in development for a stage musical adaptation, and “Frozen,” which was filmed on stage and will premiere on Disney+ in 2025. Samantha Barks, who will star as Elsa, dazzled the audience with a powerful rendition of “Let It Go.”
The stage adaptation of “The Greatest Showman,” featuring the Academy Award®-nominated songs of Benj Pasek and Justin Paul, will announce production timetable, creative team and cast at a later date.
LUCASFILM’s upcoming theatrical and streaming titles continue the studio’s penchant for adventure that’s out of this world.
Star Jude Law hit the stage to offer insight on a brand-new Star Wars series launching on Disney+ on Dec. 3, 2024, with the first two episodes. Told through the perspective of four kids, Lucasfilm’s “Skeleton Crew” follows them as they make a mysterious discovery on their seemingly safe home planet, then get lost in a strange and dangerous galaxy, crossing paths with the likes of Jod Na Nawood, a mysterious character that Law portrays. The coming-of-age series also stars Ravi Cabot-Conyers, Ryan Kiera Armstrong, Kyriana Kratter, Robert Timothy Smith, Tunde Adebimpe, Kerry Condon and Nick Frost. Episodes of the original live-action series are directed by Watts, David Lowery, the Daniels (Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert), Jake Schreier, Bryce Dallas Howard and Lee Isaac Chung. Executive producers are Christopher Ford, Jon Watts, Jon Favreau, Dave Filoni, Kathleen Kennedy and Colin Wilson. The first-ever teaser trailer, shared with fans tonight, is now available.
Season two of “Andor” is on the horizon and star Diego Luna joined fans at D23 to build excitement for the follow-up to the critically acclaimed, Emmy®-nominated first season of the Lucasfilm series. “Andor” Season 2 will continue to follow Cassian Andor over the period of four years as he grows into the rebel hero we see fulfill his destiny in “Rogue One.” The second season will launch on Disney+ in 2025.
Director Jon Favreau and producer Dave Filoni offered a special sneak peek of Lucasfilm’s “The Mandalorian and Grogu,” the upcoming Star Wars feature film that will open in theaters on May 22, 2026. Starring Pedro Pascal, directed by Jon Favreau and produced by Kathleen Kennedy, Favreau, Filoni and Ian Bryce, this exciting new adventure in the Mandalorian and Grogu’s journey is currently in production.
MARVEL STUDIOS’ Kevin Feige joined fans inside the Honda Center, offering appreciation and excitement for the phenomenal success of Marvel Studios’ recent release, “Deadpool & Wolverine.”
Feige discussed next month’s launch of Marvel Television’s new series “Agatha All Along” in which the infamous Agatha Harkness finds herself down and out of power after a suspicious goth Teen helps break her free from a distorted spell. Fans were the first to see a brand-new, decidedly dark and mysterious trailer—a tone that continued when series stars Kathryn Hahn, Aubrey Plaza, Patti LuPone, Joe Locke, Sasheer Zamata, Ali Ahn and Debra Jo Rupp performed a magical new song, “The Ballad of the Witches Road.” Written by Oscar®-winning songwriters Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez—who joined the singers and Feige on stage—the song is featured in the Disney+ series that begins streaming Sept. 18, 2024. Episodes are directed by Jac Schaeffer, Rachel Goldberg and Gandja Montiero. Executive producers are Feige, Louis D’Esposito, Brad Winderbaum, Mary Livanos and Schaeffer, who is also head writer.
Feige welcomed “Captain America: Brave New World” star Anthony Mackie, who makes his big-screen debut as Cap on Feb. 14, 2025. Mackie talked about the film and shared footage with the D23 audience. Julius Onah directs the feature film in which Sam finds himself in the middle of an international incident after meeting with newly elected U.S. President Thaddeus Ross. “Captain America: Brave New World” also stars Danny Ramirez, Shira Haas, Xosha Roquemore, Carl Lumbly, Giancarlo Esposito, Liv Tyler, Tim Blake Nelson and Harrison Ford. Feige and Nate Moore produce; Louis D’Esposito and Charles Newirth executive produce.
Launching on Disney+ in March 2025, Marvel Television’s “Daredevil: Born Again” catches up with Matt Murdock, a blind lawyer with heightened abilities, and his nemesis, Wilson Fisk, who’s pursuing his own political endeavors in New York. The crowd erupted when Feige invited stars Charlie Cox, Vincent D’Onofrio, Deborah Ann Woll, Elden Henson and Jon Bernthal to the stage to talk a little about the upcoming show before sharing footage with D23 attendees. Dario Scardapane is head writer and showrunner; episodes are directed by Justin Benson & Aaron Moorhead, Michael Cuesta, Jeffrey Nachmanoff and David Boyd.
Fans were excited to learn—and see—a little more about Marvel’s First Family and the retro-futuristic vibe the new movie is embracing. Starring Pedro Pascal as Reed Richards/Mr. Fantastic, Vanessa Kirby as Sue Storm/The Invisible Woman, Joseph Quinn as Johnny Storm/The Human Torch, and Ebon Moss-Bachrach as Ben Grimm/Thing, “The Fantastic Four: First Steps,” which just began production in the UK, features Galactus (Ralph Ineson) and the Silver Surfer (Julia Garner). Directed by Matt Shakman, produced by Kevin Feige and featuring music by Oscar®-winning composer Michael Giacchino, “The Fantastic Four: First Steps” hits theaters on July 25, 2025.
Fans welcomed Ryan Coogler to the stage—Coogler and his team at Proximity are producing the upcoming Disney+ series “Ironheart” with Marvel Television. Stars Dominique Thorne, Anthony Ramos, Lyric Ross, Regan Aliyah and Alden Ehrenreich offered insight and a look at some footage of the new series that launches on the streamer in 2025. Set after the events of “Black Panther: Wakanda Forever,” Marvel Television’s “Ironheart” pits technology against magic when Riri Williams (Dominique Thorne)—a young, genius inventor determined to make her mark on the world—returns to her hometown of Chicago. Her unique take on building iron suits is brilliant, but in pursuit of her ambitions, she finds herself wrapped up with the mysterious yet charming Parker Robbins aka “The Hood” (Anthony Ramos). The series also stars Lyric Ross, Manny Montana, Matthew Elam and Anji White. Chinaka Hodge is head writer and EP; episodes are directed by Sam Bailey and Angela Barnes.
DISNEY ENTERTAINMENT TELEVISION’S Disney+ Original series “Percy Jackson and the Olympians” series co-creator Rick Riordan and stars Walker Scobell (Percy Jackson), Leah Sava Jeffries (Annabeth Chase) and Aryan Simhadri (Grover Underwood) revealed an exclusive start of production tease from the upcoming second season. From Disney Branded Television and 20th Television, production on the epic adventure series is currently underway in Vancouver for a 2025 debut on Disney+. Season two is based on “The Sea of Monsters,” the second installment of Disney Hyperion’s best-selling “Percy Jackson” book series by acclaimed author Rick Riordan.
Disney Branded Television, Disney Concerts, Disney Music Group, and AEG jointly announced that the stars of mega-hit franchises “Descendants” and “Zombies” will be hitting the road together for the “Descendants/Zombies: Worlds Collide Tour” in summer 2025. “Descendants: The Rise of Red” star Rita Ora introduced a medley performance of hit songs from the latest film, followed by an announcement of the tour news. The arena tour will be an immersive and interactive live concert experience celebrating the high-energy music from both franchises and will be held in arenas across the country. “Descendants: The Rise of Red” stars Kylie Cantrall, Malia Baker, Dara Reneé, and Ruby Rose Turner, as well as “Zombies 4: Dawn of the Vampires” stars Freya Skye and Malachi Barton are already confirmed for the tour, with more to be announced soon. Tickets will go on sale this November. For more details, please visit www.descendantszombiestour.com.
National Geographic revealed a first look at upcoming series, “David Blaine: Do Not Attempt,” coming 2025 on National Geographic and Disney+.
DISNEY LIVE ACTION is looking forward to a host of all-new, big-screen adventures that promise to thrill audiences around the world, judging from the audience reaction at the D23 showcase.
Disney’s “Mufasa: The Lion King” closed the studio’s showcase, beginning with Lebo M., who contributes to the film’s music, performing the iconic “Nants’ Ingonyama” alongside a full choir. Director Barry Jenkins welcomed to the stage “Mufasa” songwriter Lin-Manuel Miranda in his first-ever D23 appearance. Together, they offered a special look at a sequence from the film featuring a new song, “I Always Wanted a Brother.” Cast members Aaron Pierre, Kelvin Harrison Jr., Seth Rogen, Billy Eichner, Theo Somolu, Braelyn Rankins and Anika Noni Rose were introduced after Jenkins shared details about the all-new story that introduces Mufasa as an orphaned cub, lost and alone until he meets a sympathetic lion named Taka. Fans were among the first to see the new trailer before being treated to a show-stopping finale by Lebo M. and choir, who returned to the stage to perform a new song called “Ngomso.” “Mufasa: The Lion King,” which opens in theaters Dec. 20, 2024, also stars John Kani, Tiffany Boone, Kagiso Lediga, Preston Nyman, Mads Mikkelsen, Thandiwe Newton, Lennie James, Keith David, Donald Glover, Blue Ivy Carter, Folake Olowofoyeku, Joanna Jones, Thuso Mbedu, Sheila Atim, Abdul Salis, Dominique Jennings and Beyoncé Knowles-Carter. Adele Romanski & Mark Ceryak produce. The trailer is now available with an accompanying poster.
“Disney’s Snow White,” a live-action reimagining of the classic tale, whistles into theaters March 21, 2025. Stars Rachel Zegler and Gal Gadot, who portray Snow White and her stepmother, the Evil Queen, respectively, hit the stage to the fans’ delight, sharing a special look at the upcoming film, including a brand-new teaser trailer and poster. Featuring original songs by Benj Pasek and Justin Paul, the new film is directed by Mike Webb and produced by Marc Platt and Jared LeBoff, and welcomes back to the big screen the beloved characters Bashful, Doc, Dopey, Grumpy, Happy, Sleepy, and Sneezy.
A new logo was revealed for the much-anticipated feature “Lilo & Stitch.” The crowd got a taste of Stitch’s signature mayhem as he wreaked havoc throughout the Honda Center. Directed by Dean Fleischer Camp and produced by Jonathan Eirich and Dan Lin, “Lilo & Stitch” is a live-action reimagining of the animated classic. Starring Maia Kealoha, Sydney Elizebeth Agudong, Billy Magnussen, Tia Carrere and Chris Sanders, with Courtney B. Vance and Zach Galifianakis, the wildly funny and touching story of a lonely Hawaiian girl and the fugitive alien who helps to mend her broken family comes to theaters Summer 2025. A first look at Stitch was revealed on social and is available to share!
“TRON: Ares” stars Jeff Bridges, Greta Lee, Evan Peters and Jared Leto garnered huge applause from the audience—Leto, who portrays Ares, hit the stage in style alongside an iconic Lightcycle. Cast members shared details about their characters as well as an in-room-only early look. After a sonic assault, lasers burned into the screens, which parted to reveal “music by NINE INCH NAILS.” Slated for theatrical release on Oct. 10, 2025, “TRON: Ares” follows a highly sophisticated Program, Ares, who is sent from the digital world into the real world on a dangerous mission, marking humankind’s first encounter with A.I. beings. Joachim Rønning directs; producers are Sean Bailey, Jeffrey Silver, Justin Springer, Leto, Emma Ludbrook and Steven Lisberger.
Fans gave a warm welcome to Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan, the stars of the upcoming “Freaky Friday” follow-up—who revealed to fans for the first time the sequel’s official title, “Freakier Friday,” which heads to theaters in 2025. Directed by Nisha Ganatra and produced by Kristin Burr, Andrew Gunn and Curtis, the new film picks up years after Curtis and Lohan’s characters, Tess and Anna, first endured an identity crisis: Anna has a daughter of her own and a soon-to-be stepdaughter. As they navigate challenges that come when two families merge, they discover that lightning might indeed strike twice. “Freakier Friday” also stars Mark Harmon, Chad Michael Murray, Christina Vidal Mitchell, Haley Hudson, Lucille Soong, Stephen Tobolowsky and Rosalind Chao. Executive producers are Nathan Kelly, Ann Marie Sanderlin and Lohan. The logo for the film is now available.
Dwayne Johnson and Alan Bergman revealed that a new movie is in the works about monster trucks, leaning into the popularity of monster jam truck rallies and celebrating the biggest motorsport event in the world. Johnson will produce via his Seven Bucks Productions.
The highly anticipated D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event kicked off this morning at the Anaheim Convention Center with spectacular programming and immersive show floor offerings that brought fans closer to beloved stories from across the worlds of Disney.
Academy Award-winning composer Michael Giacchino hosted the Music of Marvel panel, where he was joined by composers Christophe Beck and Laura Karpman, songwriters Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez, and music supervisors Dave Jordan and Justine von Winterfeldt to talk about their favorite scores, songs, and needle drops from Marvel Studios’ movies and series. During the panel, Laura Karpman (“The Marvels,” “Ms. Marvel,” “American Fiction”) announced that she would be composing the score for the upcoming feature film, “Captain America: Brave New World,” and Michael Giacchino previewed his score for the upcoming Marvel Studios film “The Fantastic Four: First Steps.”
Also during the Music of Marvel Studios presentation, Disney Music Group President Ken Bunt presented a Diamond plaque to Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez commemorating the groundbreaking achievement that “Let It Go” from Walt Disney Records’ “Frozen” Original Soundtrack has been RIAA® certified Diamond, signifying $10 Million in sales. “Let It Go” is the first Diamond Award recipient for Walt Disney Records.
Disney Experiences announced that Ron Clements’ memoir, “Making Disney Magic . . . from a Mermaid to Moana: Tales from a Disney Animation Director” will be released in July 2025 from Disney Publishing. With a foreword by his creative partner, co-writer, and co-director John Musker, this robust and illustrated memoir by a 45-year iconic filmmaker reveals his journey to discover his own voice, to hone his strengths, and to become a key storyteller and a pivotal leader at Walt Disney Animation Studios for more than four decades. Learn more at DisneyBooks.com.
An all-new way to experience Mickey Mouse at live events made its debut on the Spotlight Stage with platinum recording artist Simple Plan, who rocked the D23 crowds with their hit single “Can You Feel the Love Tonight” from Disney’s forthcoming pop-punk album, “A Whole New Sound.” Mickey joined Simple Plan on stage as a guest guitarist, marking the debut of an all-new proprietary hologram technology powered by Disney Imagineer Daniel Joseph and his team.
There was excitement today at the Lucasfilm Pavilion, when a new trailer was unveiled for “LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy.” Showrunners, writers, executive producers Dan Hernandez and Benji Samit were on hand at the Lucasfilm booth along with executive producer and Lucasfilm senior vice president, Franchise Content & Strategy James Waugh to offer fans more information about the animated special that sees the entire Star Wars Galaxy get completely mixed up when an ordinary nerf-herder, Sig Greebling (Gaten Matarazzo), unearths a powerful artifact from a hidden Jedi temple. He finds himself thrust into adventure in a new, wondrously wild and twisted version of the galaxy where good guys are bad, bad guys are good, and the fate of all depends on Sig becoming the hero who can put all the pieces back together.
The voice cast includes Gaten Matarazzo, Tony Revolori, Bobby Moynihan, Marsai Martin, Michael Cusack, Ahmed Best and a special guest appearance by Mark Hamill, who is also a consulting producer. The full cast was announced at the filmmakers’ presentation, including Naomi Ackie, Anthony Daniels, Kelly Marie Tran, Billy Dee Williams, Dee Bradley Baker, TC Carson, Trevor Devall, Jake Green, Jennifer Hale, Phil LaMarr, Ross Marquand, Piotr Michael, Kevin Michael Richardson, Helen Sadler, Matt Sloan, Matthew Wood, Sam Witwer, and Shelby Young. The special is directed by Chris Buckley, and Dan Hernandez, Benji Samit, James Waugh, Jacqui Lopez, Josh Rimes, Jill Wilfert, Jason Cosler and Keith Malone are the executive producers. “LEGO Star Wars: Rebuild the Galaxy” debuts with all four “pieces” on Sept. 13, exclusively on Disney+.
TOMORROW, Disney’s biggest fans will experience more of the immersive and expansive event packed with specially curated shows, panels, presentations, and conversations with storytellers, creators, and talent—offering insider access and unique experiences that only Disney can deliver. In the evening back at the Honda Center, guests can look forward to an exclusive look at the groundbreaking innovations to come around the world during the Disney Experiences showcase.
To follow along with announcements from the weekend, follow DisneyD23 on X, Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube, and use the hashtag #D23.
About D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event Presented by Visa
D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event presented by Visa is a one-of-a-kind, multi-day fan experience showcasing the very best in creative storytelling and innovation from across the worlds of Disney. D23 in 2024 has been reimagined to be more expansive and more immersive than ever before, with three packed days of showcases with stars and storytellers, sneak peeks and behind-the-scenes moments, thrilling performances, shopping, surprises, and more. For the latest news on D23: The Ultimate Disney Fan Event, visit ultimatefanevent.d23.com. Presentations, talent, and schedules are subject to change. Join the D23 conversation online by following DisneyD23 on X, Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, and YouTube, and use the hashtag #D23.
About D23
The name “D23” pays homage to the exciting journey that began in 1923 when Walt Disney opened his first studio in Hollywood. D23 is the first official club for fans in Disney’s over 100-year history. It gives its members a greater connection to the entire world of Disney by placing them in the middle of the magic year-round through special experiences; member-exclusive offers and discounts; its quarterly publication, Disney twenty-three; and the latest news and stories on D23.com.
Fans can join D23.com at Gold Membership ($99.99/year), Gold Duo Membership ($129.99/year), and General Membership (complimentary) levels at D23.com. To keep up with all the latest D23 news and events, follow DisneyD23 on TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, X, and YouTube.
 Bedroom Farce – The Mill at Sonning | Review 
 SILENCE! The Musical – Edinburgh Fringe | Review 

				Caissie Levy was born in the port city of Hamilton, in the Canadian province of Ontario on 15th April, 1981.			

Read More »


				At the time of the interview, and following a successful West End debut in The Woman in White at the			

Read More »


				STOMP – the multi-award winning, international hit show – celebrates its 20th birthday this autumn (2011) with special events throughout			

Read More »

Copyright: www.LondonTheatre1.com - 2025
By using our website you’re confirming that you’re happy to accept our use of cookies.
Privacy Policy & Cookies - Advertising - About Us - Newsletter - Contact Us