The 'Lemonade' single is soon to be back on the charts.

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

	After dominating house and disco music, Beyoncé now has the Bey Hive on their toes as she prepares to fully enter her country era. In the midst of all the anticipation, her 2016 Lemonade single “Daddy Lessons” is now up 370 percent in streams, Billboard reports.  

	The nearly 8-year-old country teaser not only brought Bey to the Country Music Awards stage to perform the hit with The Dixie Chicks, but also stamped that she can deliver a true song of the genre. 

	A day after the Super Bowl — where Bey stopped the world with her announcement — the track earned an additional 160,000 streams following a lower stat, days prior.

	










	With her latest country singles, “Texas Hold ’Em” and “16 Carriages,” Bey has embodied the true essence of the genre — which includes much storytelling. In “16 Carriages,” she speaks of times on the road singing as a teenager with Destiny’s Child, to her adult years. 

	On “Texas Hold ‘Em,” the Houston native is more playful as the whistling, folk-esque tune calls for “a real-life boogie and a real-life hoedown.” She sings, “This ain’t Texas, ain’t no hold ‘em/ So lay your cards down/ I’ll be damned if I cannot dance with you/ Come pour some sugar on me, honey, too.”

	Upon Bey’s releases, fans began requesting the singles on the Oklahoma radio station 100.1 KYKC, which were initially denied.

	“We do not play Beyoncé on KYKC as we are a country music station,” stated a rep for the station in an email. After a fan made the response public on X and supporters urged the station to add the track — they were victorious. 

	“We initially refused to play it in the same manner if someone requested us to play the Rolling Stones on our country station,” general manager Roger Harris said in the statement, per Today. “We are not a ‘big boy’ station and getting record companies to service us is tough. But… finally we got our hands on it, and based on the fan support, we decided to air it… truthfully, normally we would (usually) wait a while to see how the song performs on the charts and on bigger country stations than ours, as we are just the little guys.”

	










	“We love Beyoncé,” he continued. “We just were behind this country music changeover…. But, now that she’s coming out as a country artist, we want to be all over it……we are not fools…we know how big she is and we are happy to air it and wish her the best success.”

ACT II is set to release on March 29 the and is rumored to have a huge Dolly Parton cover song and possible A-List feature.

	In the meantime, revisit “Daddy Lessons” above and check out Beyoncé’s two new singles below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.