Jelly Roll and Lainey Wilson perform at Nissan Stadium on Saturday, June 8 during CMA Fest 2024 in downtown Nashville. Photo: Courtesy of CMA
Fans flooded Nissan Stadium on Saturday (June 8), eagerly anticipating performances from Jelly Roll, Keith Urban, Lainey Wilson, Old Dominon, The War And Treaty and more during the third night of CMA Fest.
Terri Clark performs at Nissan Stadium on Saturday, June 8 during CMA Fest 2024 in downtown Nashville. Photo: Courtesy of CMA
Audacy’s Katie Neal of Katie & Company welcomed the crowd and introduced Canadian Music Hall of Fame and Grand Ole Opry member Terri Clark to kick off the show.
Clark stepped to the stage wearing her classic white cowboy hat, and reminisced on her first time attending CMA Fest in 1987, back when it was known as Fan Fair.
“Seeing how much Fan Fair has grown over the years makes my heart burst,” she said, beaming. She then proceeded to set the tone for the evening with throwback hits, “Better Things to Do,” “Girls Lie Too,” “I Just Wanna Be Mad” and “I Wanna Do It All,” the latter morphing into a version of Sheryl Crow’s hit, “All I Wanna Do.”
Next up, making their CMA debut, was The War And Treaty, who kept the energy up with “Yesterday’s Burn” and “Stealing a Kiss” before performing their newly released, “Called You By Your Name.” The husband-wife duo showed off their soulful vocals, powerful stage presence and infectious bond as they made their way off the stage to sing directly to the audience.
The War and Treaty performs at Nissan Stadium on Saturday, June 8 during CMA Fest 2024 in downtown Nashville. Photo: Courtesy of CMA
“It’s our very first CMA Fest, and I can’t believe we are playing at Nissan Stadium,” marveled co-frontman Michael Trotter. “If you would have told me back in 2005, while I was in Iraq fighting for our country, that when I made it back this would happen… I would have called you a liar. No matter where we are from, love will always lead us back home”
It was then that the duo sang their final song, “Lead Me Home,” rounding out an incredible set.
Shortly after, fans turned their attention to the Platform Stage where newcomer Tanner Adell, contributor to Beyoncé’s recent Cowboy Carter album, performed tracks “Buckle Bunny” and “Whiskey Blues.”
Back on the main stage, CMA’s 2023 Vocal Group of the Year, Old Dominion, stepped up to the plate. “We are on a mission to make sure Saturday night is the loudest night of all of CMA Fest,” declared lead vocalist Matthew Ramsey. “We’ve only got a short time, but we’re going to make the most of it.”
Old Dominion performs at Nissan Stadium on Saturday, June 8 during CMA Fest 2024 in downtown Nashville. Photo: Courtesy of CMA
And make the most of it they did, kicking off the performance with their high-energy hit, “I Was On a Boat That Day,” prompting the crowd to hop to their feet and join in. The group then reminded the fans why they have received ACM’s Group of the Year seven consecutive times as they played back-to-back hits, “Snapback,” “Hotel Key” and “One Man Band,” before closing with “Memory Lane.”
Back on the platform stage, singer-songwriter Dylan Marlowe, joined by two band members, performed his unreleased track “Heaven Sakes,” and noted excitedly that his next song, “Boys Back Home,” was his, “first ever song at country radio.”
Next, Wilson took to the stage to deliver a set worthy only of the reigning ACM and CMA Entertainer of the Year. She began with her own hit, “Hang Tight Honey,” before inviting Clark back to the stage for an unforgettable performance of “Poor Poor Pitiful Me,” with Wilson assisting in percussion and Clark strumming her guitar.
Lainey Wilson and Terri Clark perform at Nissan Stadium on Saturday, June 8 during CMA Fest 2024 in downtown Nashville. Photo: Courtesy of CMA
Before continuing, Wilson took a page from Clark’s book and shared CMA memories of her own, reminiscing on her perfect CMA Fest attendance since she was 14 years old, and encouraging fellow girls in the crowd to follow their dreams.
Wilson’s energy never died down. She flawlessly worked every inch of the stage as she delivered hit after hit including “Heart Like a Truck,” “Watermelon Moonshine” and “Country’s Cool Again,” before closing out with her most recent No. 1 “Wildflowers and Wild Horses.”
In between main stage sets, newcomer Brittney Spencer brought the groove, performing “I Got Time,” fresh off of her new, debut album My Stupid Life.
Taking the energy up a notch, country icon Urban was up next. He began with “Straight Line” and “Messed up As Me” before inviting Wilson back on stage to join him in delivering an incredible performance of “Go Home W U.”
Keith Urban performs at Nissan Stadium on Saturday, June 8 during CMA Fest 2024 in downtown Nashville. Photo: Courtesy of CMA
Urban took his performance to the next level as he hoisted up his mic stand and toted it down from the main stage and into the audience singing, “Blue Ain’t Your Color,” “Better Life” and “Long Hot Summer.” Adding to the fun during his fan-frenzied escapade, Urban snagged an audience member’s hat and adorned it during the final verses of his closing song, further firing up the crowd.
Closing up the night was CMA’s 2023 New Artist of the Year, Jelly Roll, The Nashville native’s performance was a special one. He was teary-eyed looking into the audience after singing, “The Lost,” and taking in the full-circle moment.
“Everyone make some noise for the juvenile detention center behind me. I know they can hear us, because I was once one of them, in and out of jail, but tonight I am here headlining CMA Fest in my hometown,” he said, covering his face with his cap.
Jelly Roll performs at Nissan Stadium on Saturday, June 8 during CMA Fest 2024 in downtown Nashville. Photo: Courtesy of CMA
Jelly Roll took those heavy emotions and turned it into excitement and energy. He recalled listening to country music with his mother, but only ever hearing ’90s hip-hop from his brother’s room. In tribute, he began a medley of classic hits including “Boyz n the Hood,” “Lose Yourself,” “Ms. Jackson” and “Just a Friend,” sprawling out on the floor in awe as the lit-up crowd sang sang the latter back to him.
Jelly Roll continued to sing his hits such as his recent No. 1 hit “Halfway to Hell,” followed by “Son of a Sinner,” “I Am Not Okay,” “Wild Ones” and “Need A Favor.” He welcomed Wilson back to center stage to close out the unforgettable night with, “Save Me,” marking a triumphant end to night three.