It’s impossible to think of fashion without thinking of Paris and French designers. Hosting the most prestigious maisons in the world like Chanel and Saint Laurent, Paris Fashion Week is the most difficult to access, especially for young designers. Every year, only a few designers make the calendar and show their collection to the world on the runway or in a showroom.
We’ve compiled a list of eight emerging designers who have stunned the Parisian fashion scene and conquered its runways with their innovative, sustainable and inclusive designs. Challenging the rules of traditional fashion and bringing their diverse identities into their collections, these designers are redefining the future of fashion, not just in Paris but around the world.
Scroll on to read about the emerging French designers you need to know!
Charles de Vilmorin launched his label on Instagram during the pandemic, and only a year later he was invited to show his collection at Paris Fashion Week. His clothes are characterized by dreamy, hand-drawn motifs that, combined with his theatrical fashion shows, transport the audience to an imaginary world. This March, he launched his ready-to-wear collection, where he translated his dream world into everyday garments for the very first time.
Duran Lantink is a fashion brand based between Paris and Amsterdam, Netherlands. Celebrated by publications and celebrities around the world, Lantink’s designs have been worn by Billie Eilish, Troye Sivan, and Beyoncé, among others. Highly committed to creating a more sustainable fashion scene, Lantink creates his collections from a combination of pre-owned clothes, deadstock fabrics—which are fabrics that have been discarded by other brands—and new sustainable materials. His collections are characterized by puffy shapes and a unique sculptural touch.
The Parisian designer Jeanne Friot started her brand in 2020 with a mission to translate her reaction to the global political situation into everyday garments. Her collections celebrate young and queer identities, and she sees inclusivity as her core value. She makes sustainability efforts through the sourcing of her materials and by producing only on demand. Her designs are conceived to be worn by everyone regardless of their style, gender or size. So far, she's dressed celebrities like Måneskin and Anya Taylor-Joy.
Originally from Strasbourg, France, Victor Weinsanto founded his own fashion label in Paris in 2020. Having grown up studying ballet, Weinsanto finds inspiration for his joyful and fun designs in his love for the performing arts. His clothes are dramatic, humoristic and play with proportions. Weinsanto quickly affirmed himself as one of the most prominent new voices in the fashion scene, and has designed custom dresses for many celebrities, including Lizzo’s “Vase Dress” for Met Gala 2024.
Born in Brussels, Belgium, Ludovic de Saint Sernin founded his own brand in Paris in 2017. In his collections, he redefines sexuality and beauty through his choice of materials, his silhouettes and by not confining any of his designs to gender norms. His clothes have been worn by Dua Lipa, Kylie Jenner, Olivia Rodrigo, and more. Just at the Met Gala 2024, he dressed Camila Cabello, Ashley Graham, and Rauw Alejandro.
Born and raised in Tuscany, Italy, Niccolò Pasqualetti founded their brand in 2021 and made their Paris Fashion Week debut the same year. While all their collections are designed and shown in Paris, their pieces are made by Italian craftsmen in Tuscany. By challenging the rules of classic Italian tailoring, Pasqualetti reimagines gender conventions to create beautiful androgynous collections. Pasqualetti is one of the finalists of this year’s LVMH Prize.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Founded in 2015 by Youssouf Fofana, Maison Château Rouge is the intersection between the Senegalese and French heritages. The brand, characterized by graphic patterns and bright colors, mixes traditional wax fabrics with sport jerseys, giving a new twist to traditional African fashion. This summer, Maison Château Rouge teamed up with Jordan for a special capsule collection for the 2024 Olympic Games.
After graduating from Aalto university in Helsinki, Finland, Jenny Hytönen moved to Paris in 2021. A year later, she won the prestigious Festival d’Hyères and its audience prize with her thesis collection. Characterized by a contrast between delicate transparent fabrics and leather, her handmade collection showcases her impeccable craftsmanship. Following her award, she designed capsule collections in collaboration with AZ Factory, Icicle, and Galeries Lafayette.
Where Did All The Tween Fashion Go?
All the Beauty Products We Spotted at the 2024 Olympics
9 Sunscreens Teen Vogue Editors Swear By for Year-Round Protection
From Rose Water to Eyeliner, An Ode to Middle Eastern & North African Beauty
I Dressed Like Bella Hadid for a Week to Find the Best Plus-Size Alternatives
These Trendy Backpacks Will Elevate All Your School 'Fits
What Is Underconsumption Core? Experts Explain the Trend Putting Dirty Shoes All Over Your Feed
More from Teen Vogue
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Teen Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices