By 

	Joseph Hudak


	Back in 1981, Barbara Mandrell proudly professed her country music roots in her hit “I Was Country When Country Wasn’t Cool.” Forty-three years later, Lainey Wilson shares a similar sentiment in her new song “Country’s Cool Again.”

	Released at midnight on Friday, the funky, slippery back-porch number is the Louisiana native’s first new release since her 2022 album Bell Bottom Country won Best Country Album at the Grammy Awards earlier this month. Wilson wrote “Country’s Cool Again” with frequent collaborators Trannie Anderson and Dallas Wilson, and her band leader, guitarist Aslan Freeman. In a move in line with what Waylon Jennings did back in the Seventies, Wilson recorded the song with members of her road band.

	“I was born in boots on humble ground/These kind of roots they sure don’t grow out,” she sings to open the biographical song. 

	“This track is an ode to my upbringing and the story of my journey in this industry – where I have been and where I am now,” Wilson said in a statement. “I’m feeling all the love from Country music fans, and I can’t wait to hear everyone singing this song back to me while we’re out on the road this year.” 

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	








	The title is certainly relevant: The genre has never been more in fashion, as cowboy and cowgirl attire is turning heads, artists are embracing a more wide-open Western sound, and stars from Beyoncé to Lana Del Rey are introducing country music to new listeners.

	Wilson notices it, too, and welcomes it. “I can’t believe my eyes these days,” she sings in the track, “Hey everybody wants to be a cowboy.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.