This was one expletive-laced endorsement.
Hip-hop star Megan Thee Stallion pumped up the crowd at Vice President Kamala Harris’ campaign rally in Atlanta on Tuesday by performing her hit song featuring unsavory and X-rated lyrics.
She took to the stage at the Georgia State Convocation Center in a blue pantsuit and tie before an audience of an estimated 10,000 people and rapped her Grammy Award-winning hit “Savage,” video shows.
The lyrics of the song, which was released in 2020, include Megan bragging about being “that bitch.”
“P—y like water, I’m unbothered and relaxing,” the artist, 29, raps at one point. 
“N–gas say I taste like sugar, but ain’t s–t sweet, ah,” another line in the song says.
The rapper was flanked by dancers in matching attire for the warmup performance before Harris took the stage.
Just over a week after Harris, 59, officially launched her bid for the White House, the vice president told her supporters in the vital swing state that she was an “underdog” in the race — and blasted former President Donald Trump as a “predator.”
“Georgia, it is so good to be back, and I’m very clear: The path to the White House runs right through this state,” Harris said after she walked out to Beyoncé’s “Freedom” — her new campaign anthem.
Beyoncé is also featured on a remixed version of Megan Thee Stallion’s “Savage.”
Tuesday’s event was only Harris’ second campaign rally since she became the presumptive Democratic nominee after President Biden, 81, bowed out of the race.
“The momentum in this race is shifting, and there are signs that Donald Trump is feeling it,” she said during her 20-minute speech.
Harris addressed a number of key voter issues like economic concerns over inflation and promised to protect abortions. 
She also vowed to solve the immigration crisis at the southern border — a major talking point for Trump’s campaign as problems have persisted throughout Biden and Harris’ tenure in the White House.
Harris is expected to announce her vice presidential pick this week ahead of the Democratic National Convention in August.
Advertisement