(Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for WSJ. Magazine Innovators Awards)
Too in love to care! After a PDA-filled date night at the Golden Globes on January 7, odd couple Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner drew intense speculation: Rumors swirled about everything from the sweet nothings they whispered before sharing a televised smooch to whether they had bad blood with Selena Gomez, who appeared to be gossiping about Tim refusing to take a photo with her with bestie Taylor Swift.
The Dune star later insisted that he “of course” has no beef with Selena, his costar from 2019’s A Rainy Day in New York, and that neither does Kylie. (Though she and Selena were pitted against each other in 2023’s “Browgate,” about the makeup mogul’s beauty tutorial.) But a source exclusively tells Life & Style that the 26-year-old and the Wonka star, 28, are oblivious to the gossip. “They’re too wrapped up in their own world to care what other people are saying about them.”
After first being linked in April, the A-listers kept their romance under wraps before raising eyebrows with some PDA at a Beyoncé concert in September. Since then, they’ve been openly affectionate at high-profile appearances, including the US Open, an SNL afterparty and the annual Kardashian–Jenner Christmas party. He’s even spent time with her kids, Stormi, 5, and 23-month-old Aire (dad is ex Travis Scott). “They’re serious about each other and they’re in love and pleased to prove the haters wrong,” says the source. “This isn’t some fling.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: