Luxury label Self-Portrait got us sitting up and paying close attention to their recent Chinese New Year 2024 campaign, thanks to the inclusion of some of today's iconic women: Hong Kong actress Carina Lau and Malaysian supermodel Ling Tan. Founded in 2013 by Penang-born Han Chong, Self-Portrait gained commercial success and media attention for his use of guipure lace material in dresses and jackets. Since then, his brand has been worn by celebrities like Kristen Stewart, Reese Witherspoon, Rachel McAdams and even Beyoncé.
"Having Carina Lau and Ling Tan, acting and fashion icons I have long respected, is a dream come true, and to have them alongside a cast and crew of powerful women, for a campaign which honors the tradition of togetherness and family, feels incredibly special," Chong shared in a press release. The campaign, shot by Leslie Zhang and styled by Monica Mong in Shanghai, shows Lau and Tan in a stylised reunion dinner photo, dressed opulently, of course.
READ:
The best indoor plants to improve your Feng Shui this Chinese New Year 2024
When is the best time to visit Taiwan?
The best places to recycle your old clothes in Singapore
The all-new Under Armour Curry 11 X Bruce Lee collection just dropped. Get them now for Chinese New Year 2024!
The Chinese New Year collections that celebrate the Year of the Dragon: Tod's, Love, Bonito, New Balance
The 9 best red lipsticks for celebrating Chinese New Year 2024
8 best Chinese New Year hampers to gift loved ones in Singapore this 2024
Pullman Singapore Hill Street review: The hotel provides exceptional guest experience with a modern touch
Lau made herself busy in 2023 by attending film festivals with her actor husband, Tony Leung, who received the Golden Lion Lifetime Achievement Award at the Venice Film Festival last September. The duo also attended the 36th Golden Rooster Awards held in China in November.
Supermodel Ling Tan made it home to Malaysia this month, and even asked her fans on Instagram for food recommendations, covering an extensive list of cravings like banana leaf curry rice, dim sum, Hainanese Chicken rice, nasi lemak and more. The model, who's based in New York, has been busy walking for shows like Bottega Veneta in Beijing last year.
To chope Self-Portrait's Chinese New Year dresses, jackets and tops, shop here:
S$637  at Net-A-Porter
Self-Portrait has made its signature guipure lace even more romantic - zoom in and you'll spot the intricate red roses that make up this midi dress. It's designed for a figure-skimming fit that flares out at the hem, in turn showcasing the semi-sheer finish. Turn up the glamour by teaming it with coordinating lipstick.
S$446  at Net-A-Porter
Retro styles feature heavily in Self-Portrait's view of modern feminine dressing. This bouclé-tweed jacket is characterized by crystal embellishments and a chic, square neckline adorned with the brand's signature bow. Tap into the '60s sensibility by pairing yours with a mini skirt.
S$726  at Net-A-Porter
Self-Portrait's dress is designed to look like a two-piece, saving you time trying to pull an outfit together. Made from bouclé embellished with sequins and beads, it has a jacket-shaped bodice adorned with the label's signature crystal buttons and a pleated mini skirt. Wear yours with Mary Janes and a minaudiere bag when you make your marriage official at the town hall.
S$605  at Net-A-Porter
Self-Portrait's mini dress dazzles with scores of glistening sequins and beads, creating the prettiest glow when they catch the light. It's made from light-blue bouclé and has an elegant cutout at the neckline. Complement the '60s feel with Mary Janes.
S$688  at Net-A-Porter
Self-Portrait's glistening shoulder bag will instantly elevate anything you wear it with, so it's perfect for your next event. Made from glossy black faux leather, it's topped with a sweet bow that's encrusted with scores of light-catching crystals. It'll hold the essentials you'll need throughout the night.
S$663  at Farfetch
This white Self-Portrait dress is a showcase of the brand’s ‘deft understanding of structure and materials.’ It’s waffle-knit with long sleeves to balance the pleated mini hem and embellished with signature bows and crystals through the bodice.
S$739  at Net-A-Porter
Sleek and sophisticated, this minidress from Self-Portrait shows the brand's contemporary style. Its design arrives in a red hue, enhanced with floral lace detailing throughout.
S$838  at Farfetch
This boucle cropped jacket will keep you warm in cold restaurant settings. Pair it with a matching pencil skirt in the same colour.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) -Singapore's People's Action Party won its 14th successive election on Saturday to extend its unbroken six-decade rule, delivering a strong mandate to its new premier as the city-state braces for economic turbulence from a global trade war.  The PAP, which has ruled since before Singapore's 1965 independence, won 87 of the 97 parliamentary seats up for grabs, with victories by huge margins in many of the 33 constituencies as the opposition failed to extend gains in previous contests.  The election was a bellwether of the popularity of the PAP amid some signs of disenchantment with its tight grip on power in the Asian financial hub, whose six million people have known no other kind of government.
President’s post comes days after he joked ‘I’d like to be Pope... that would be my number one choice’
Former first lady Michelle Obama has emerged more outspoken than ever about her marriage.
The 99-year-old ex-Prime Minister dished about the disruptive U.S. President, Vladimir Putin, and global affairs, in an exclusive interview.
Every country that owns a significant amount of Treasury debt has the option to sell it to push back against President Donald Trump’s tariff policies.  Japan just happened to say it out loud.  “It does exist as a card,” said Japanese Finance Minister Katsunobu Kato, when asked in a Friday television interview if the country’s current commitment not to sell U.S. Treasuries could be used as a negotiation tool in trade talks.
The model is getting a head start on her tan before the warmer months officially hit
Guide to Singapore's General Election 2025 (GE2025): When will Singapore General Election results be out? And more.
The US government said it will no longer ‘fly around the world at the drop of a hat’ for meetings
Xi might find, to his surprise, that Americans can do — for a while — without Barbie. And that U.S. companies are more capable of leaving China than he expects.
Chronic high blood sugar is linked to metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes.
Doris Au, a seller of door locks and hardware in Hong Kong for 25 years, received a letter from her bank, DBS Group, last June stating that her business account would be closed.  Au discovered after searching online that another firm with a similar name was added to the U.S. trade blacklist in October 2023 for "providing support to Russia's military and/or defense industrial base."  The entry identified two addresses, one of which was Au's warehouse.
Day by day, the evidence mounts that Donald Trump is rethinking American policy towards Ukraine. His ambition to put a swift end to the war has come to nothing, but the crucial change is that he may at last be realising that Vladimir Putin is chiefly responsible for thwarting his efforts.
Investors have been eagerly awaiting details about the impact of Trump's tariffs on the tech giant.
The singer denies the story told by the actress about her disregarding Makiyo's late mother
Hailey Bieber has shared a photo dump to her Instagram of a recent trip to Miami. In one of the photos, she looks unreal in a barely-there bikini.
Midfielder is into double figures for goals this season
Manchester United took control of their Europa League semi-final against Athletic Bilbao when they were awarded a fiercely disputed penalty only seconds after taking the lead.
Fox played her first-ever DJ set, which fittingly included her single "Down the Drain."
The post Seng Heng Braised Duck Noodles: The elusive duck noodle stall that’s only open 2 hours a day appeared first on SETHLUI.com.
The 74-year-old driver was trapped in the huge sinkhole on Tuesday, Jan. 28