Queen Camilla has received many sweet birthday messages today, with one post posing a special link to Princess Kate.
The royal is celebrating her 77th birthday today and many royal fans have marked her day with a host of messages via social media.
As well as a new birthday picture being released by the Royal Family's X account, the Prince and Princess of Wales have also taken to social media to wish the Queen a wonderful birthday.
Posting on their own X account, Kate and William have released a previously-seen much-loved picture of the Queen.
Alongside the photograph, the royal couple wrote: "Wishing Her Majesty a very Happy Birthday!"
  READ MORE    Meghan 'pitched herself to work with Beyoncé' before she was left out in cold  
Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
The photograph chosen to accompany the sweet message was previously taken by the Princess of Wales, who is known to be a keen photographer.
The photograph was taken back in 2022 for Queen Camilla's cover of British magazine Country Life.
It was captured in the garden of her home Raymill in Wiltshire, with the Queen dressed in a pale blue dress and cardigan.
The official account for the Royal Family also posted a sweet message and picture to mark the royal's birthday today.
  READ MORE    Meghan devastated as 'she can't understand that people don’t admire her work'  
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Alongside a picture taken this week during the King and Queen's two-day trip to the Channel Islands, the message read: "[birthday-cake emoji] Wishing Her Majesty The Queen a very Happy Birthday today!"
Sporting a royal blue dress, the image was also shared to the Royal Family's Instagram story.
A clip was also included on both X and Instagram of the Queen being serenaded by students from Sark School in Guernsey yesterday.
Both posts gained a lot of attention from royal fans, with many also wishing the royal a "very happy birthday".
  Don't miss...     Camilla celebrates 77th birthday today and here's 7 iconic throwback pictures  [PICTURES]     King Charles and Camilla to be blinged out in £4.1bn jewels at State Opening  [STYLE]     Real reason King Charles prefers 'rock' Camilla by his side for royal visits  [DETAILS] 
One fan commented on Kate and William's post, saying: "I love this photo of the Queen. Thank you for sharing again! [flashing-camera emoji]."
Another wrote: "Many happy returns of the day, Her Majesty, wishing you a very happy birthday."
A third account commented: "Love this picture taken by the talented Princess of Wales [heart-eyed emoji] happy birthday to Her Majesty The Queen! I hope she will have a great day surrounded by her loved ones and will have a wonderful new year."
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated