Digital Replica Edition
Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts
Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts
Digital Replica Edition

			Trending:		
With holiday shopping as easy as a click or two on a smartphone, some of Denver’s top retail areas are vying for consumers’ attention with seasonal markets, scores of lights, specialized gift baskets and, of course, Santa.
Although online shopping remains the dominant force in retail, 47% of shoppers plan to shop in physical stores this holiday season, according to a 2024 holiday report by Experian, a global data and technology company that surveyed 1,000 U.S. consumers on holiday spending trends.
President and CEO of the Cherry Creek North Business Improvement District Nick LeMasters said as consumers have returned to physical stores, they have prioritized local businesses and “experiences.”
“People are always looking for something special when we talk about gift giving particularly,” he said. 
“But we’re starting to see more of a trend toward people making purchases on not just sort of those hard goods or apparel, but on experiences.”
Think gift cards for massages or wellness spas or something distinctive like exploring Denver’s craft beer and drink culture.
As a result, LeMasters said they are offering destinations like the Cherry Creek Holiday Market on Fillmore Plaza for its fifth year.
In addition to the holiday market, which has over 40 vendors such as Haykin Family Cider and Hearth and Seoul Herbal Shop, Cherry Creek’s winter wonderland will feature other festivities like the Mistletoe Lounge pop-up bar, approximately a million twinkling lights displayed throughout the 16-block area and four red Light the World Giving Machines to help raise money for charities.
Aside from tech products and western wear becoming popular this year as a result of Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter album, Stanley Marketplace’s Director of Retail Jonathan Power said consumers are also seeking specialized services and gifts.
“I think it’s been a time where people have really been comfortable investing in themselves,” he said.
“If that’s a B12 shot at Beyond Human or a yoga class or a Pilates class or a facial at Clementine’s, we have a lot of self-care services available here and there’s been great energy towards those sorts of things.”
With more than 50 independently owned businesses, Power said they were excited to see a lot of people at the marketplace for Black Friday and Small Business Saturday.
To keep that momentum going, Power said the marketplace is also creating curated gift guides to highlight their vendors and providing holiday activities like picking out a Christmas tree, holiday silent disco and even meeting Santa.
Union Station, Dairy Block and McGregor Square have teamed up this year for Dashing Thru LoDo. With each property just a few steps apart, shoppers can step into Buddy’s Bar, an Elf-themed pop-up at Miracle Bar, Dairy Block’s Mistletoe Market and go ice skating at McGregor Square.
“We have our Mistletoe Market — a craft market that happens at Dairy Block — folks have a unique experience for them to meet the makers of their products that they’re purchasing for their gifts and for the holidays is something that’s really special,” said Sigri Strand, who is the director of marketing for Denver Union Station.
This year, Union Station’s annual Grand Illumination event saw more than 10,000 people in attendance, according to Strand. A count trending back toward 2019 levels.
“That’s something that we’re really excited about is to see people embracing their city, embracing all of the history that we hold down here in this part of LoDo,” she said.
Strand said they are also highlighting local businesses through their 12 Days of Christmas Giveaways. The Tattered Cover Book Store at Union Station has seen a lot of foot traffic as a result of the station’s holiday festivities, according to Strand.
“I think the campaigns like Dashing Thru LoDo, all those things help people rediscover these great businesses,” said Tattered Cover’s Managing Director Derek Holland.
“It just helps remind people it’s not that far away you can get there. The public transit is really great. There’s an energy that cities have that I personally really like and thrive on.”
Holland has worked for the bookstore for 35 years. 
“I’ve been in a number of conversations over the last year where people have either worked downtown or don’t any longer and that there’s reluctance to come downtown,” Holland said.
“Please, please, please let that go. Find a place that you love to be. It’s still a wonderful place, and it’s actually one of the best places in Denver.”
Get more business news by signing up for our Economy Now newsletter.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group