KIRO NEWSRADIO OPINION
Mar 13, 2024, 5:00 AM                        | Updated: Oct 8, 2024, 11:25 am
Russell Wilson and Ciara at this year's Oscars. (Getty Images)
(Getty Images)
BY ANGELA POE RUSSELL
KIRO Newsradio host and writer
As I scrolled through all the photos from the night of the Oscars, one of them really struck me. It was Russell Wilson and his wife Ciara at an after party.
While seeing them flex for the cameras is nothing new, something was way different about Ciara. She actually looked “human!”
OK, before you get offended, let me explain. Ciara recently gave birth to her fourth child and after each pregnancy, she always returned to the spotlight looking like nothing happened.
But this time was different. She gave birth back in December and at this Oscar Party, she looked stunning and she didn’t look just like her old self. And may I add, she was holding an In-n-Out burger in the photo. Bonus points for that.
More KIRO Newsradio opinions: Ursula believes The Burien homeless crisis highlights an even bigger problem
Isn’t it so cliché that a celebrity has a child, everyone oohs and ahs over how quickly they lost their baby weight and then wonder how we can do that too? But we all know this is not normal. It’s not normal in real life. It shouldn’t be normalized in La La Land, either. And it definitely shouldn’t be the gold standard.
Approximately 80% of women take more than three months to return to their pre-pregnancy weight, according to Story MD. Losing too quickly reduces milk production.
Plus, you have factors like sleep deprivation and breastfeeding, both making moms hungrier than normal. And you have a new human to care for, in addition to the physical recovery.
As a woman, it can be exhausting trying to pretend that nothing just happened. Well, there is a lot always happening and holding up the world while things closest to us are chaotic is unrealistic and harmful.
Ciara has four children now, all under the age of 10. Even if you don’t really care what’s happening with her and Russell, Ciara showing up with a beautiful post pregnancy body is the message our culture needs right now. We are a society obsessed with filters, minimizing our imperfections and inadvertently discouraging people from showing theirs.
And we pay a price.
Right now, eating disorders are on the rise – doubling worldwide in the last 18 years, according to Center for Women’s Health. It’s also starting to impact more teen boys as they consume what their ideal looks should be through social media (big and muscular).
More from Angela Poe Russell: Beyoncé’s controversial country hit is glossing over the bigger issue
To be clear, no celebrity is obligated to keep it real with us. And if you have a baby and choose to lose weight quickly but safely, no judgment here. But if a new mom wants to follow the typical course, that should be celebrated.
And it’s just nice when a celebrity like Ciara, with 35 million Instagram followers, gets that. She even posted a picture of herself in a swimsuit saying “embrace every stage.” Well, I agree. So cheers to that Oscar Party photo for showing that stars can be just like us and that vulnerability is a beautiful thing.
As for the In-n-Out burgers featured in that Oscar party photo, yes, I am slightly jealous, but I genuinely hope she ate it.
Angela Poe Russell is a longtime Seattle media personality and a fill-in host for KIRO Newsradio.
MyNorthwest Video

                                    Seattle ranks No. 2 for naked gardening and that made for an interesting conversation on the Gee and Ursula show today. Listen to the Gee and Ursula Show every weekday at 9am on KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM. Listen to KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM or go to MyNorthwest.com to learn more!                                
20 hours ago
MyNorthwest Video

                                    On the Gee & Ursula Show, they ask the question, Should there be a dress code at the beach? As a result, we find out that Gee is kind of a prude at the beach. What do you think? Listen to the Gee and Ursula Show every weekday at 9am on KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM. […]                                
24 hours ago
Jake Skorheim and Spike O'Neill Show

                                    Spike O'Neill argues that driving downtown remains essential for Seattle residents.                                
1 day ago
MyNorthwest Video

                                    What caused former titans of industry like Kodak, Blockbuster and Blackberry to go from being among the most valuable companies in the world to selling off their assets for pennies on the dollar or shuttering all together? One word. Fear. Taras Wayner, writer and host of the podcast “A Case Study in Fear” joined The […]                                
2 days ago
MyNorthwest Video

                                    Jake & Spike have a rewrite for Justin Timberlake’s “SexyBack” song. “Trump’s bringing tariffs back… and Jeff Bezos don’t know how to act!” They might be on to something here. Amazon, on the other hand… Listen to the Jake and Spike Show every weekday from 12pm – 3pm on KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM. Listen to […]                                
2 days ago
MyNorthwest Video

                                    John Curley talks about the execution of Benito Mussolini. Listen to The John Curley Show every weekday at 3pm on KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM. Listen to KIRO Newsradio 97.3 FM, or visit MyNorthwest.com to learn more!                                
2 days ago

                                    Home Comfort Alliance goes beyond simply installing a system—it provides long-term peace of mind.                                

                                    Discover how State Roofing and Exteriors is expanding with new offices in Western Washington, enhancing service for homeowners.                                

                                    Struggling with Medicare expenses? Discover programs that can help you save significantly each month on premiums.                                

                                    Deciding when it's time for senior living can be challenging. However, a senior living community can be a positive step toward ensuring safety, health and happiness.                                

                                    Safeway and Albertson’s launched the Nourishing Neighbors program to ensure everyone has access to nourishing food every day.                                

                                    The Museum of Pop Culture (MOPOP), located in Seattle, steps into the realm of folklore and fantasy with its upcoming exhibition, "Asian Comics: Evolution of an Art Form."