By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Jake Paul is the latest social media influencer to endorse Donald Trump in his run for the White House.

	The YouTuber-turned-boxer seemingly took to social media to show his support for Trump ahead of the elections and as he prepares for his fight with Mike Tyson on Netflix.

	“Uh, nervous, scared to make this video because of what it means in terms of my career, my life, people coming after me, more accusations, more turmoil, more division potentially,” Paul said in the video he shared on X, the microblogging platform formerly known as Twitter.

	Paul said his video was directed to the undecided voters and encouraged them to vote and do their own research on the candidates. He asked to “base the research in the truth. Not just reckless propaganda or your favorite pop star telling you to vote a certain way and you believing them because you love their song.”

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	In his video endorsement, Paul acknowledges that he is not able to vote as he lives in Puerto Rico, “but that doesn’t mean I can’t present my 80 million large audience with proper facts, numbers, and data to encourage them to vote in the proper direction to quite literally save America.”

RELATED: Trump Celebrity Endorsements: A Full List Of Celebrities Supporting The Ex-POTUS

	Being a Puerto Rican resident, Paul referred to the distasteful “joke” made by Tony Hinchcliffe at a recent Trump rally where he called Puerto Rico a “floating island of garbage.” Paul said it was a “bad joke” and that those weren’t Donald Trump’s views, showing a clip of Trump’s interview with Fox News’ Sean Hannity where he alleges not knowing who the comedian was.

RELATED: Kamala Harris Celebrity Endorsements: A List Of Celebrities Supporting The VP

	“I believe love is the key to the universe and that we should all love each other more and more and more and it saddens me that in the current political state of the world in America people can’t have opinions without outrageous backlash,” he continued. “I truly believe we can all agree on that things just don’t feel right. America doesn’t feel good. It shows that we are more divided than ever and I can’t sit back and watch this blasphemy unfold in front of me any longer.”

	Paul noted that Democrats have been in power for 12 years of the last 16 and that Kamala Harris has “basically no accomplishments” as vice president in Joe Biden’s administration.

	










	Paul blamed the media over the way they characterized Trump, and the YouTuber said he’s “not concerned” with his “character flaws or what he’s done in the past.”

RELATED: Donald Trump Found Liable In Sexual Assault & Defamation Trial; Ex-POTUS Ordered To Pay $5M In Damages To E. Jean Carroll

	Paul asked his followers to “just look at the facts” and “think for yourself” and “stop being tricked,” adding, “Don’t be a sheep, in this world full of sheep.” He predicted that after this video, he would receive backlash saying that he was “putting my business, my career on the line during my peak, going in  to fight Mike Tyson on Netflix, sitting her telling you the truth because I don’t give a f*** what the consequences are.”

	“Do the right thing, vote for Donald Trump,” he added. “Not because I said so, not because Beyoncé said so, but because it’s what’s right. And I got news for you, most of your favorite celebrities athletes and all of that are secretly conservative because the left has created a world where conservatives like me speaking out have major, major consequences.”

Watch Paul’s full statement in the video below.
Who I’m supporting for president and why you should too… pic.twitter.com/OBd5uWrXTV
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.