While the Christmas NFL game saw the Ravens absolutely obliterate the Texans on their home turf, the attention wasn't really on the game, as it was drastically overshadowed by Beyoncé's incredible live-on-Netflix halftime performance. The whole show was a non-stop visual blitz, but the real star of Queen Bey's entourage was the denim-covered sixth-gen Ford F-series pickup covered in a patchwork quilt of denim. It's perfect.
The fast-paced 12-minute spectacular included a medley of songs from her recent "Cowboy Carter" album, featuring duets with Post Malone and Shaboozey, backup vocals from Black women country music singers, and Texas Southern University's marching band. As football halftime shows go, this one was a real spectacle.
Based on the single central grille and stacked headlight/turn signal, this appears to be a 1978 or 1979 Ford F-series, likely an upfitted F100 Ranger. The truck's signature two-tone paintwork has been covered in several dozen Jay Lenos worth of denim for a unique look that really sets this jruck apart from the crowd. The truck rolled onto the field in support of 'Yoncé and Post Malone's song "Levii's Jeans." Malone, for his part, was also wearing denim, and was barely noticeable in the shadow of this glorious pickup.
Much like Beyoncé and Post Malone, this truck manages to blend classical beauty with a bit of trashy, but keeps it cute. The truck is clearly modified with some wheels that aren't exactly to my taste, but the added-on chrome roll bar and bed rails work perfectly with the jeans motif. Between the roof lights, the chrome accents, and auxiliary off-road lights, this truck looks like it has some real Texas street style.
Wouldn't it be cool if cars had denim coats instead of paint? You could just zip the cover off and throw it in the wash once a week or whatever. That would be a lot more convenient than peeling clearcoat or rusty stainless steel or whatever. No matter what you had under the Christmas Tree on Wednesday, a jean truck would have been cooler.
I'm not much of a truck guy, but these sixth-gens always exude old-school cool in my eyes, and wrapping it in jeans made it even cooler. I'd love the opportunity to drive a jruck around for a little while. I'd have to put some vintage steelies and wide white walls on this one, however. You know, to complete the look. I don't smoke, but you know I'd have a pack of cowboy killers rolled into my shirt sleeve, and I'd definitely have an arm-out-the-window trucker tan.
When the truck's two minutes of fame were up, it trundled off the field and was replaced by a pair of chop-top Cadillacs on swangas. We don't have time to unpack that one here, but shit, they were cool, too!