Licensed partnerships abound at High Point Market
The Dalia bed is part of the Amber Lewis x Four Hands collection launch.
Anne Flynn Wear
//Assistant Managing Editor//May 16, 2024							
HIGH POINT — Several designers launched exclusive lines with well-known brands at the recent High Point Market in order to reach a wider range of customers and expand the brand’s presence in categories including rugs, upholstered chairs, pillows, decorative accents, mirrors, artwork and lamps.
Designer Jean Stoffer collaborated with Cloth & Company on a collection of upholstered furniture that combines classic interiors with contemporary silhouettes and timeless fabrics.
Rug company Creative Accents partnered with Parker Heath, founder of the San Diego-based brand PAR KER made, on a collection of rugs called Modern Primitive that combines midcentury modern influences with a hint of Southwestern energy.
Alexa Hampton debuted a new limited-edition pillow line, called One of a Kind, with accessories maker Eastern Accents. Hampton said she wanted to design something inspired by the work of Fauvist arts such as Henri Matisse.
High Point market attendees showed an enthusiastic response to the new Amber Lewis x Four Hands collection, said Rick Lovegrove, Four Hands president of upholstery. This is the first branded collection ever for the company and includes dining, upholstery, outdoor and décor.
Designer to the stars Brigette Romanek partnered with rug company Loloi to launch four area rug collections all handmade in India. Romanek has worked with stars like Gwyneth Paltrow, Beyoncé and Demi Moore.
StyleCraft Home partnered with artist and designer Norman Wyatt Jr. to launch a collection of artwork, lamps, sideboards, pillows and decorative accessories. He is known for the creation of trend-forward wall décor designs.
Inspired by her show, The High/Low Project, designer Sabrina Soto launched her newest outdoor rug collection with Unique Loom. The rugs feature modern textures and patterns that are influenced by her everyday life.
Celebrity interior designer Robin Baron teamed with décor company The Howard Elliott Collection on new pieces this market that include tables, mirrors, candle holders and the Winfield Wooden Decorative box (shown here).
Share this!

                                    The Harmony Collection features soft finishes, functional el[...]
April 24, 2025

                                    The 109-piece line includes affordable, design-forward patio[...]
April 17, 2025

                                    The new agency debuts its portfolio with Erin & Ben Co. [...]
January 26, 2025

                                    Members of the same mattress management team that brought th[...]
January 22, 2025

                                    Building on a 26-year relationship, Spring Air International[...]
January 17, 2025

                                    Spring Air International’s newest licensee has a historica[...]
January 8, 2025
Signup for your daily digest of industry news and trends.
Furniture Today is the complete information source for the furniture industry featuring retailer and manufacturing news, plus product trends and market analysis.
Sign up to get exclusive industry information delivered to your inbox.
© 2025 BridgeTower Media. All rights reserved.
Use of this website is subject to its Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Your California Privacy Rights/Privacy Policy | Do Not Sell My Info/Cookie Policy