Don't miss the biggest stories and breaking news with the Echo daily newsletter
We have more newsletters
Don't miss the biggest stories and breaking news with the Echo daily newsletter
We have more newsletters
Liverpool Christmas markets have opened, people are tucking into their mulled wine and mince pies, and the curtains are ready to part on the stages of the city's pantomimes. I guess it’s officially Christmas. 
This week I visited the Liverpool Everyman theatre to watch their 2024 pantomime, Rock ‘n’ Roll Rapunzel. The show offers a fun-filled twist of the classic tale of Rapunzel, blending humour, music, and vibrant performances to create a lively show. 
This year marks the 60th anniversary of the Everyman Theatre, adding a layer of nostalgia and pride for local theatre enthusiasts as Michael Starke made his return as the pantomime dame, Debbie Up-Do, the self-declared 'best Scouse hairdresser’. I was seated three rows from the front and the popular theatre was absolutely packed, as parents enjoyed a festive drink and kids waved their glow up wands, awaiting the coming magic. You could practically feel the Christmas spirit.
As the lights came up, the cast broke into their opening song ‘Don’t Stop Me Now’, a classic by Queen. The audience were already clapping and singing along before the first number was over. 
Dame Debbie Up-Do worked closely with co-star Fairy Fixer-Upper played by panto favourite, Adam Keast. Their characters worked together in the show, and their energy radiated beyond the stage as they picked on audience members to get involved and sing their jingle, which was a take on Bon Jovi’s ‘Living on a Prayer’. 
The pantomime took us on a winding journey of friendship and feminism, as Rapunzel, played by Ai Kumar, and her new-found friend Laurie, played by Rebecca Levy, head on a mission to freedom from ‘Danny Ruff’s’ salon to find Rapunzel’s long-lost mum.
I was incredibly impressed with Jude Christian, the writer of the show, as she diverted from panto clichés such as ‘he’s behind you’ and offered a fresh take on pantomime magic. As you'd expect with any panto, there was the odd, subtle adult joke, which went over the heads of any younger audience members and brought a wry smile to the adults in the room. Overall it was a family-friendly show and while the hair-themed jokes were a tad corny, you still couldn’t help but belly laugh. My personal favourite was a the predictable: “It’s Nivea… Nivea who?... Nivea-Mind.” 
One thing that really stood out to me during the show was the way the cast never stopped for a second. If they weren’t in the spotlight, they were in the band on the balcony. This is the first pantomime I’ve watched where the cast performed with instruments on stage - they were the hardest-working team I’d ever seen perform. 
They played a wide range of songs from classics to the modern hits, and we heard popular tunes from Pulp, Blondie, Beyoncé, Natasha Bedingfield and Shania Twain. 
The show did encounter two technical problems, both of which were dealt with in a professional manner. This happened in both acts as problems arose with a trap door and moving item of stage furniture. But the cast managed to make sure the atmosphere on the theatre didn’t dissolve in the face of unforeseen glitches. 
Zoe West, who plays baddie ‘Danny Ruff’, interacted with the audience in the face of both technical issues, as she asked children what they wanted for Christmas and improvised a song to get the audience up on their feet, as they waited for the issues to be resolved. 
The actor even caught me taking notes for this review and before I knew it, they were on their way over to me. 
“You best give it a 5-star review, and the baddie is the best,” she said, jokingly. 
The cast and audience applauded when stage management were able to give the green light. Even though the show encountered technical problems, it was the faults and imperfections that made the evening one to remember. 
True to the Everyman’s tradition, this pantomime incorporated a playful mix of pop tunes, slapstick comedy, colourful designs, and audience interaction making it a fantastic outing for families. 
The Rock ‘n’ Roll Rapunzel continues to run at the Liverpool Everyman Theatre until Saturday, January 18, 2025. You can purchase tickets here.