This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Elle Fanning shares what it takes to rock the sheer trend celebrities have been loving.
A pioneering bill to curb the rampant pace of fast fashion won unanimous approval in the lower house of the French Parliament, making France one of the first countries worldwide to target the influx of low-cost, mass-produced garments predominantly from China.
The fashion industry is among the world's biggest producers of greenhouse gas emissions. France is seeking to reduce the allure of fast fashion items, setting a precedent in the fight against the environmental degradation they cause.
Lawmakers on Thursday unanimously approved the bill, greenlighting it for the Senate to consider — either to approve it, or to tweak it and send back to the lower house — before it can become law.
$1B IN FAKE DESIGNER GOODS SEIZED IN LARGEST BUST IN US HISTORY
Christophe Bechu, the minister for ecological transition, hailed the vote as a historic step toward reining in the "excesses" of fast fashion. The bill will introduce stringent measures, including banning advertising for the most inexpensive textiles and imposing an environmental levy on these low-cost products.
The bill specifically targets fast fashion giants, calling for companies to disclose their products' environmental impact. This move seeks to pivot the industry toward more sustainable practices, encouraging transparency and accountability.
The logo of Swedish clothing-retail company Hennes & Mauritz (H&M) is pictured in Velizy, outside Paris, France, on Sept. 20, 2017. A bill to curb the rampant pace of fast fashion won unanimous approval in the French Parliament, making France one of the first countries in the world to target the influx of low-cost, mass-produced garments. (AP Photo/Michel Euler)
It’s a measure that promotes environmental protection and aims to safeguard France’s prized high fashion industry. By coincidence, this comes during a week when French President Emmanuel Macron feted luxury giant LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault with the Légion d’Honneur, France’s greatest civilian honor, in a star-filled private ceremony that included Beyoncé.
Renowned for luxury brands such as LVMH's Louis Vuitton and Chanel, France has seen its lower-end market sectors suffer due to stiff competition from fast fashion retailers like Zara, H&M, and the emerging Chinese powerhouses Shein and Temu.
By imposing these measures, France aims to level the playing field and promote a more sustainable fashion landscape.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
However, producers such as Shein have countered the criticism, long arguing that their business model, albeit fast, effectively keeps the proportion of unsold garments very low. This, they claim, contributes to reducing waste—a crucial aspect of sustainability in fashion.
Luxury giants such as LVMH and Kering regularly face criticism for the billions of dollars of unsold inventory yearly.
French supporters of the bill argue it paves the way for future action, including a proposed EU-wide ban on the export of used clothing to tackle the escalating problem of textile waste.
Fox News' Antisemitism Exposed" newsletter brings you stories on the rising anti-Jewish prejudice across the U.S. and the world."
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.