Menu
Donald Trump is finally getting his Madison Square Garden moment.
With just over a week to go before Election Day, the former president will take the stage Sunday at one of the country's most well-known venues, hosting a hometown rally to deliver his campaign's closing message against Democratic Vice President Kamala Harris.
The opening of the rally was a hodgepodge of Trumpism, with an extended clip played from the 1970 film “Patton,” a painting of the American flag with Trump in front of it as “God Bless America” blared from the speakers, and a stand-up routine from comedian Tony Hinchcliffe that was full of lewd jokes, often invoking racist stereotypes of Latinos, Jews and Black people.
“I don’t know if you guys know this, but there’s literally a floating island of garbage in the middle of the ocean right now. I think it’s called Puerto Rico," said Hinchcliffe, whose joke was immediately flagged by Democrat Kamala Harris' campaign, which is competing with Trump to win over Puerto Rican communities in Pennsylvania and other swing states.
RELATED STORY | Who is Tony Hinchcliffe? The comedian who called Puerto Rico 'floating garbage'
Several critics ripped Hillary Clinton, the Democrat defeated by Trump eight years ago, for saying Trump on Sunday would be “reenacting” a pro-Nazi event at the Garden in February 1939. One speaker, radio host Sid Rosenberg, used a profanity to denounce the former secretary of state.
“Hey guys, they're now scrambling and trying to call us Nazis and fascists,” said Alina Habba, one of Trump's attorneys, who draped a sparkly “MAGA” jacket over the lectern as she spoke. “And you know what they're claiming, guys? It's very scary. They're claiming we're going to go after them and try and put them in jail. Well, ain't that rich?”
Trump has denounced the four criminal indictments brought against him as politically motivated. He has ramped up his denunciations in recent weeks of “enemies from within,” naming domestic political rivals, and suggested he would use the military to go after them.
The arena was full hours before Trump was scheduled to speak. Outside the arena, the sidewalks were overflowing with Trump supporters in red “Make America Great Again” hats. There was a heavy security presence. Streets were blocked off and access to Penn Station was restricted.
In the crowd was Philip D’Agostino, a longtime Trump backer from Queens, the borough where Trump grew up. The 64-year-old said it was appropriate for Trump to be speaking at a place bills itself as “the world’s most famous arena.”
“It just goes to show ya that he has a bigger following of any man that has ever lived,” D'Agostino said.
RELATED STORY | Eric Trump goes 1-on-1 with Scripps News about misinformation and the presidential campaign
The rally is one of a series of detours Trump has made from battleground states, including a recent rally in Coachella, California — best known for the famous music festival named after the town — and one in May on the Jersey Shore. This summer he campaigned in the South Bronx.
While some Democrats and TV pundits have questioned Trump’s decision to hold what they dismiss as vanity events, the rally guarantees Trump what he most craves: the spotlight, wall-to-wall coverage and a national audience.
To reach them, Trump has spent hours appearing on popular podcasts. And his campaign has worked to create viral moments like his visit last weekend to a McDonald’s restaurant, where he made fries and served supporters through the drive-thru window. Video of the stop posted by his campaign has been viewed more than 40 million times on TikTok alone.
“He’s not just going to be speaking to the attendees inside Madison Square Garden. There will be people tuning in from battleground states all across the country,” said former U.S. Rep. Lee Zeldin, a New York Republican and ally of the former president, who said Trump has been talking about holding an event at the venue since the start of his campaign.
Harris has also traveled to non-battleground states for major events intended to drive a national message. She appeared in Houston Friday with music superstar Beyoncé to speak about reproductive rights, and will deliver her own closing argument Tuesday from the Ellipse in Washington, where Trump spoke ahead of the Jan. 6, 2021 Capitol riot.
Trump will be joined at the rally by supporters including Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, who has spent tens of millions of dollars to boost his campaign.
Trump often compares himself to the country’s greatest entertainers. The former reality TV star has long talked about wanting to hold a rally at the venue in interviews and private conversations.
“Madison Square Garden is the center of the universe,” said Trump campaign senior adviser Jason Miller, noting the venue’s storied history hosting events including the 1971 “Fight of the Century.”
House control could run through New York’s suburbs
Beyond the national spotlight and the appeal of appearing on one of the world's most famous stages, Republicans in the state say the rally will also help down-ballot candidates.
New York is home to a handful of competitive congressional races that could determine which party controls the House next year.
RELATED STORY | If Trump loses, would he run again? Here's what he said about 2028
Zeldin ran unsuccessfully for governor in 2022, but did better than expected, driving turnout in competitive districts that helped House Republicans win a tiny majority. That underscored, he said, the importance of the top of the ticket doing as well as possible. He said the Garden event is sure to be featured on newscasts in areas with high-stakes races like suburban Long Island, where Trump held a packed, raucous rally last month.
Trump will also use the stop as a major fundraising opportunity as he continues to seriously lag Harris in the money race.
A native returns to the city that made him and convicted him
New York has not voted for a Republican for president in 40 years. But that hasn't stopped Trump from continuing to insist he believes he can win.
“We think there’s a chance,” he said on “The Brian Kilmeade Show” earlier this week, pointing to frustrations over an influx of migrants to the city and concerns over crime.
Trump routinely uses his hometown as a foil before audiences in other states, painting a dark vision of the city that bears little resemblance to reality. He’s cast it as crime-ridden and overrun by violent, immigrant gangs who have taken over Fifth and Madison avenues and occupied Times Square.
Trump has a complicated history with the place where he built his business empire and that made him a tabloid and reality TV star. Its residents indicted him last year on 34 felony counts of falsifying business records. He was found guilty in that case, and also found liable in civil court for business fraud and sexual abuse.