ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LONDON, ENGLAND - JULY 03:  Chester Bennington and Mike Shinoda of Linkin Park perform at The O2 ... More Arena on July 3, 2017 in London, England.  (Photo by Burak Cingi/Redferns)
Linkin Park is back on the Billboard charts this week with their latest release Papercuts (Singles Collection 2000–2023). The greatest hits set became a quick success the moment the band dropped the project, and this frame, it appears on eight rankings, powered by intense support from their still-dedicated fan base.
Papercuts opens inside the top 10 on a variety of Billboard lists, and it reaches the No. 1 spot on a handful of tallies. The title almost arrived as the bestselling album in America, but Linkin Park was beaten by another beloved musical act–one whose new release has continued to sell incredibly well ever since it was released weeks ago.
Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter owns the Top Album Sales chart this week. The project bolts from third place back to No. 1 on Billboard’s ranking of the titles that actually sold the most copies in the prior tracking period (as opposed to the Billboard 200, which includes streaming activity as well).
Cowboy Carter stops Linkin Park from hitting No. 1 on the Top Album Sales chart with Papercuts. The compilation is forced to settle for second place, as Beyoncé proved to be too powerful for even this successful release from the hard rockers.
In the past tracking frame, Cowboy Carter sold another 28,000 copies. That sum is up 37% from the week before. Its surge is thanks to the country project becoming available on both CD and vinyl via all retailers. At first, her latest offering was only sold on her website.
Papercuts almost became Linkin Park’s seventh No. 1 on the Top Album Sales chart. The compilation sold 20,522 copies in its first seven days of availability, according to Luminate.
Linkin Park does manage to debut Papercuts atop a pair of rankings this frame. The title starts at No. 1 on both the Vinyl Albums and Top Hard Rock Albums charts. Just as is the case on the Top Album Sales chart, the new collection also opens in second place on the Top Rock & Alternative Albums, Top Rock Albums, and Top Alternative Albums tallies.