Kamala Harris conceded the US presidency to Donald Trump in a passionate speech Wednesday.
“My heart is full today. My heart is full today, full of gratitude for the trust you have placed in me, full of love for our country, and full of resolve,” the vice president, 60, said while at her alma mater, Howard University, in Washington, DC.
“The outcome of this election is not what we wanted, not what we fought for, not what we voted for, but hear me when I say, the light of America’s promise will always burn bright as long as we never give up and as long as we keep fighting.”
She then thanked her husband, Doug Emhoff, President Joe Biden, her running mate, Gov. Tim Walz, her campaign team, local election officials, volunteers and supporters.
“I know folks are feeling and experiencing a range of emotions right now. I get it,” Harris added with a laugh, “but we must accept the results of this election.”
The vice president confirmed that earlier on Wednesday she called Trump to concede the election.
Her aide previously told The Post, “She discussed the importance of a peaceful transfer of power and being a president for all Americans.”
Harris reiterated in her speech that she believed in a peaceful transfer of power, but added, “While I concede this election, I do not concede the fight that fueled this campaign. The fight for freedom, for opportunity, for fairness and the dignity for all people.”
The former Democratic candidate said she encourages her supporters to continue fighting for their beliefs in the voting booths, courts, and by “always using our strength to lift people up to fight for the dignity that all people deserve.”
In a special message to the youth, Harris said, “It is OK to feel sad and disappointed … sometimes the fight takes a while. That doesn’t mean we won’t win. The important thing is don’t ever give up. 
“You have power and don’t you ever listen when anyone tells you something isn’t possible because it has never been done before.”
She concluded, “Only when it is dark enough can you see the stars. I know many people feel like we are entering a dark time, but for the benefit of us all, I hope that is not the case.
“America, if it is, let us fill the sky with the light of a brilliant, brilliant billion of stars. The light of optimism, of faith, of truth and service … and may that work guide us even in the face of setbacks toward the extraordinary promise of the United States of America.”
Trump, 78, won the 2024 presidential election after receiving the majority of electoral votes in what many deemed a landslide victory. 
He reversed crucial states like Georgia, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin that had voted Democratic in the previous elections to obtain a second non-consecutive term.
Many of Harris’ supporters waited for the vice president to address them on election night, but her campaign co-chair Cedric Richmond optimistically said at the time, “We still have votes to count.”
The vice president and her team worked hard until the very end, campaigning until the final hours of the election.
She joined canvassers in Reading, Penn., for door-knocking; rallied with supporters in Allentown, Scranton and Pittsburgh; and swung through Reading to visit a Puerto Rican restaurant.
Leading up to Election Day, Harris received an overwhelming amount of support from stars in Hollywood.
In July, Megan Thee Stallion performed at a rally in Atlanta and fellow rapper GloRilla closed out the campaign trail with a performance in Milwaukee earlier this month.
Global superstar Taylor Swift made waves when she endorsed Harris in September following the Democratic candidate’s presidential debate against Trump on ABC.
“I’m voting for @kamalaharris because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them,” Swift, 34, wrote via Instagram at the time.
“I think she is a steady-handed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos.”
She then praised Harris’ running mate, writing, “I was so heartened and impressed by her selection of running mate @timwalz, who has been standing up for LGBTQ+ rights, IVF, and a woman’s right to her own body for decades.”
In October, Beyoncé also stepped up to endorse Harris at a rally in her hometown of Houston.
“I’m not here as a celebrity. I’m not here as a politician, I’m here as a mother,” the Grammy winner, 43, said in her speech.
“A mother who cares about the world our children live in, a world where we have the freedom to control our bodies, a world where we are not divided, our past or present or future.”
However, some have criticized that Harris’ celebrity backing did her more harm than good.
Former NASCAR driver Danica Patrick said at a rally Sunday, “I never went to a Diddy party. I’m doing this because I love this country and there’s nobody that’s been tested more than Donald Trump on showing his love for this country — through indictments, house raids, mugshots and getting literally shot.”
Dave Portnoy credited the Democrats’ loss to the “arrogance” and “superiority” of the political party.
However, Harris — who would have been the US’s first female president — was deemed by many to be more than qualified for the job given her experience working in the three branches of government.
She previously worked as an attorney general and senator in California. Since 2000, she served as vice president under President Biden’s administration.
Earlier this year, Harris received the Democratic nomination after Biden, 81, dropped out of the race following concerns about his health, which also garnered a lot of criticism from the right.
Trump will be named the next commander-in-chief at the 60th Presidential Inauguration on Jan. 20, 2025.
Advertisement