Radio 2 star Bob Harris and his family were lucky enough to be invited to Nashville in 2014 to see Taylor Swift perform and to meet the singer and her mother. 
Now he's opened up to OK! about what it was really like behind the scenes on the Love Story singer's tour.
In just a few days' time, Taylor 's latest Eras tour will be landing in the UK, something fans of the singer will certainly be excited about. And tickets are still available right now, on a number of resale marketplaces including Viagogo here and VividSeats here.
While there are scammers out there trying to swindle unsuspecting fans, as discovered by Gogglebox stars Ellie and Izzi Warner, there are still ways to safely acquire some tickets. Just be sure to stick to official resale sites. However, it is important to note that AEG and AXS state that tickets are strictly not to be resold after initial purchase. 
Talking about his time spent with Taylor in 2014, Bob Harris told us: "Taylor was wonderful. She and her mother showed us around backstage workings of the hydraulics of the show, she created a little party room backstage for us and my main takeaway from that day is that — her energy, her attention to detail — she gives 100% commitment to whatever it is she’s doing.
"She throws herself into it. You can see that with every stage performance."
Elsewhere, Michael Cragg, author of Reach For The Stars: Fame, Fallout And Pop’s Final Party, has revealed that Taylor's global success is largely down to the fact she writes her own songs. Speaking to OK!, he said: "It was established that she was the lyricist. 
"She was behind all of the songs. She was driving the ship, so this always set her apart and put her into a more authentic lane. People respected her. She’s a brilliant storyteller and that doesn’t really go out of fashion. 
"Even when pop songs change or streaming comes in, she’s able to adapt because she’s able to write her own songs. And that’s really important."
With her 2014 album 1989 came her huge hit single Shake It Off, which went to No1 in the US and No2 in the UK singles chart. Music critic and Chart Watch UK columnist James Masterton says for artists, it’s harder than it used to be to achieve chart success. 
"Twenty years ago, it was actually fairly simple to engineer a No1 single, because everything was all about the first week of release. These days, what matters the most is not so much that initial chart position, it’s how long you sustain the success."
Taylor Swift has the ability to do that. Her songs stick around. Her biggest single at the beginning of 2024 wasn’t even a new recording. It was Cruel Summer, which she made five years ago, but was back in the top 10 from the end of summer 2023.
Taylor’s 2017 Reputation album and global tour saw Taylor switch music styles again. Gone was the carefree pop sound and in its place, a heavier, electropop vibe. Michael says this ability to move between musical styles serves her well.
"She’s moved between genres in a way that doesn’t seem like a jolt," he says. "Other artists try it and then give it up but she has managed to keep all of those threads going. She could easily go back to country and I don’t think anyone would bat an eyelid."
Taylor has acknowledged that this genre-crossing is a deliberate move, saying, "I realised every record label was actively working to try to replace me. I thought instead, I’d replace myself first with a new me. It’s harder to hit a moving target."
Another style switch came when, in 2020, Taylor dropped not one but two surprise albums with a pared-back, folky sound. Folklore and Evermore were written and recorded during lockdown. 
Talking about Folklore, Taylor has said it was a new thing for her to write about fictional characters, "This was the first album where I’ve ever let go of that need to be 100% autobiographical."
Not only did Taylor release another album, Midnights in 2022, returning to a synth-pop sound, but she has been re-recording her first six albums, releasing a Taylor’s Version of each. And she’s been busy dropping clues — or “Easter eggs” — about which album is next.
These hidden messages in her album inlays, videos, lyrics and outfits are something which have created a longstanding bond with her fans. "When I was 15 and putting together my first album… I decided to encode the lyrics with hidden messages using capital letters," Taylor has said. 
"That’s how it started, and my fans and I have since descended into colour coding, numerology, word searches, elaborate hints and Easter eggs."
One small Scottish business benefited from her wearing a £39 green dress. Fans were convinced the snake-coloured outfit was an Easter egg clue that she would announce the release of Reputation (Taylor’s Version) next, possibly during one of her Scottish concert dates. 
Little Lies founder Jade Robertson tells us, “Taylor bought the dress and wore it out to dinner with Blake Lively in January. The diehard fans wanted to know what the Easter egg was, and it went absolutely mental. My phone rang off the hook all day. It was crazy."
Brand and culture expert Nick Ede says that her ability to connect with fans like this is important. “She made surprise visits to fans or invited them to her house at the beginning of her career, which was a really great way of engaging lots of people,” he says, adding that her relatability is a big deal too. 
"The difference between Beyoncé and Taylor Swift is that you might have a Taylor Swift living around the corner. She’s relatable. She talks about cats. She talks about her love life."
With new album The Tortured Poets Department out now and The Eras Tour hitting the UK, Michael wonders whether people will start to tire of how much Taylor is out there.
"Commercially, she’s at a point where it’s never going to fall away," he tells us. "I don’t think her fans care that she’s releasing a lot of albums, but more in a sort of broader pop culture way, it’ll be interesting to see if she can just grow and people don’t care that she’s overexposed, or if there will be another small backlash, like the one we saw before her Reputation era."
Tickets for Taylor Swift's UK show dates are at resale marketplaces including Viagogo here, VividSeats here and Ticketmaster here
On sale from 23 May. Click here to purchase your copy for £9.99. 
Disney+ now costs as little as £4.99 a month, but members can get 12 months for the price of 10 by paying for a year upfront on the ad-free Standard or Premium plans.
Disney+ is the only place to stream hit shows like Rivals, The Bear and Shōgun, plus blockbuster franchises like Star Wars and Marvel.
from £4.99