Nothing reminds single people that they are, in fact, single more than Valentine’s Day. The reminder is practically everywhere, from commercials to store shelves filled with hearts and chocolates. With Valentine’s Day around the corner, the personal finance website WalletHub released its report on this year’s best and worst states for singles. They pointed out that everyone has different priorities when searching for love, but certain places simply make dating easier than others.
To help single people improve their chances of finding love, WalletHub compared the 50 states across 29 key indicators of dating-friendliness. Their data set ranges from the share of single adults to online dating opportunities to restaurants per capita.
If you're single and ready to mingle, then Michigan is apparently one of the best states to make it happen. The state landed in spot number 16 on the ranking.  Though the mitten didn't score well in the dating economics, romance, and fun categories, it ranked high for dating opportunities.
There are plenty of places to meet up for a date or meet other singles. If you're in the Metro Detroit area, there are events like speed dating at the Detroit Yoga Lab. If you're further west, Atwater Brewery Grand Rapids occasionally throws a singles mixer.
Florida is the best state for singles. The study points out that it’s due to its large variety of attractions. This makes perfect sense, as some of the state’s top attractions include Walt Disney World, Universal Orlando, and Epcot, among others. Also revealed in the study is that Florida has the most theme parks, restaurants, and music festivals per capita. And if you want to run into other singles while outdoors, the study highlights that the state ranks highly for the most nature parks per capita.
According to the study, people in Florida often search Google for the names of the top dating websites like Tinder, Match.com, and Eharmony. This also includes searching general terms like "dating" and "online dating."
Following behind Florida in the number two spot is Texas. Everything is bigger there, including the single scene. They ranked high due to being one of the largest and most populated states. The state was also highlighted for having a high number of movie theaters. Restaurants, fitness centers, and amusement parks per capita.
California is the third-best state for singles. Much like Texas, it’s high in the ranking due to its size and being heavily populated. Interestingly, the study points out that California stands out for its "relationship openness." People in the state are less likely than people in most states to show signs of "attachment avoidance" or "discomfort with intimacy." In other words, California is a good place for those looking for commitment.
If you want to know what other states are the best for singles, check out the complete study here.
Leave it to social media to remind you about your singleness. With "We’re engaged!" and "Celebrating X years together," posts, it seems like everyone you know is coupled up. But not everyone wants commitment or a relationship with someone. Some people prefer being single. And no, that doesn't mean that someone who prefers to be single is bad at relationships. There’s actually research that shows people are waiting longer to settle down or commit to someone.
Many people choose the single life for various reasons. Maybe you’re happy living it up as a single person or trying to find your internal happiness until you meet the right person. Either way, there are perks to being single.
Most couples figure out issues together or may even rely on their partner to take care of things. Meanwhile, single people are challenged to be more responsible for themselves. This not only builds your character, but it puts you in charge of your own well-being.
Being single can also put you in a great position career-wise. For instance, you’re free to pursue your career choices without having to consider another person. You don’t have to take into account what your partner thinks you should or shouldn’t do. Some research even suggests that single people value meaningful work even more than married people do.
It’s often said that once you’re in a relationship, you gain weight. Men's Health magazine reported that, on average, couples gain about 17 pounds within one year of finding love. ABC reported that newly married women in their early 20s gained 24 pounds in the first five years of marriage. They also said that newly married men gained 30 pounds in the same age group. Is this what happens when you trade in your morning Saturday walks for "staying in bed just a little longer" with your babe?
Check out some of the top reasons people love being single below.
You can dance to your own music when it comes to scheduling. Single people can create a routine that works for them. This includes consistent meal times, bedtimes, and events. You never have to consider your partner's schedule. You can even pick up more hobbies, like weekly trivia or a class you've been wanting to try. For better or worse, your time is your own.
fermate/ Getty Images
If you're single, chances are that you don't have to worry about spending money on anyone else but yourself. You can keep your money for yourself and use it for a solo vacation or a rainy day fund. Not to mention, you no longer have the financial obligation of buying someone a nice gift for birthdays, and couple-y holidays like Valentine's Day, Sweetest Day, or Date-a-versaries.
Khosrork/ Getty Images
Single people get more freedom. Without the obligation of another person in your life, you'll have more time for activities. One of the many perks of being single is just having space and time to focus on yourself and emotional needs. You even get a chance to know yourself better during the added free time. Use your time the way you want.
AntonioGuillem/ Getty Images
Married folks can go ahead and sit this one out for sure. The benefit of running to the dance floor to vibe out to Beyoncé's "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)" hit, is for those who are single. If you've been to a wedding chances are that this song was used to get all the unmarried or single ladies to the dance floor. Let's be honest, it was your moment to shine in all your singleness.
Single people don't have to deal with the phrase, "Let me try some" while eyes are glaring at their plate. That's right, you don't have to share a thing. Another food benefit of being single is taking advantage of not conforming to someone else's habits or preferences. You can try a new diet or completely indulge without the extra commentary or worrying about someone else's needs. You don't have to worry about if the food you like is off-putting to your partner.
Drazen Zigic/ Getty Images
Watch what you want, when you want without the worry. Many couples like to watch a new TV series or movie together. But Heaven forbid you tune in without your partner. That's one way to start an argument. So, if you're single go ahead and binge that new Marvel series without looking over your shoulder. Also, you don't have to sit through shows or movies that you don't care for, because your partner wants to. Watch what you want!
Jacob Wackerhausen/ Getty Images
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!