Beyoncé is making history again, Doechii is changing the rap game, and Black women dominate across Grammy categories.
Source: Justin Sullivan / Getty
The 2025 Grammy nominations are here and Beyoncé leads the pack. With 11 nods, the “Cowboy Carter“ artist is now the most Grammy-nominated artist in history, overtaking the previous record held by her husband, Jay-Z.
The Recording Academy dropped the nominations on November 3, spanning over 90 categories. Close behind Beyoncé in nomination numbers are Kendrick Lamar, Charli XCX, and Post Malone.
Source: Michael Buckner / Getty
 


					Related Stories
				





Beyoncé Fans Brawl In VIP Section After Opening Concert






Blue Ivy & Rumi Steal The Show From Beyoncé During Opening Night of ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour






Celebs Step Out In Their Finest ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Outfits






The Bey Hive has been buzzing since the news dropped. After a whirlwind year, the Texas-born superstar continues to shake up the music industry.
Beyonce’s nods relate to several music moments created in 2024. “Cowboy Carter“ is nominated for  Album and Country Album of the Year. “Texas Hold’ Em,“ one of the most popular tracks from Beyonce’s country album, is nominated for Record, Song, and Country Song of the Year.
After what many Beyonce fans considered a snub by the Country Music Awards, all eyes will be on the Grammys to see if the former “Destiny’s Child“ singer receives recognition for the country genre. Further, if Beyoncé wins Album of the Year, she will be the first Black woman in the 21st century and the 4th in history to take home this accolade. Natalie Cole, Lauryn Hill, and Whitney Houston won previously.
Beyoncé is just one of many women up for Grammys next year, marking the powerful influence women continue to have in music and entertainment. Women are leading nominations in major categories, including Album of the Year, Best Pop Solo Performance, Best Rap Performance, Artist of the Year, and Record of the Year.
Doechii is another Black woman making waves this Grammy season with four nominations. Other Black women nominated in rap categories include GloRilla, Cardi B, JT, Latto, and Rapsody.
In R&B, we’re watching several Black “it girls“ who scored nods this year. They include SZA, Coco Jones, TEMS, Kehlani, Jhené Aiko, and Muni Long.
As always, we’re rooting for everybody Black. We will continue celebrating those culture-defining artists who continue to push boundaries and change the game. 
Check out the full list of nominees.
RELATED
Beyonce Announces ‘Act II: Cowboy Carter’ Album Title & Release Date
Red Carpet Rundown: Latto Rocks A Cherry Red Rosette Mini Dress To The 2024 iHeartRadio Awards


2025 Grammys: Beyoncé Has Record-Breaking Nominations, Black Women Lead Rap Categories 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Listen Live								

									Weekend Roundup: Love, Noise, & MLK Community Day								

									iPower Under 30: Antonio Knoxx								

									Weekend Roundup: Neverland, VMFA Afterhours, & The Big Game								

									iPower Under 30: Rivers Taylor								

									Weekend Roundup: Black Panther, Hip Hop Skating, & More!								

									Weekend Roundup: The Fan, Brunch, & “Mr. Cooper”								

									Win A New Home with St. Jude's Home Giveaway!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.