Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Michael Keaton also returned to Studio 8H to host the sketch comedy show for the fourth time, with Billie Eilish as musical guest.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

	Alec Baldwin returned to Saturday Night Live as Fox News anchor Bret Baier during the show’s cold open, which spoofed the testy interview with Kamala Harris (Maya Rudolph).

	“When I interviewed President Trump, my first question was, what do you think is the most important issue facing our nation? So my first question for you is, give me the exact number of murderers you let loose in this country?” Baier asks the vice president.



	However, as Harris attempts to answer, the Special Report with Bret Baier host continues to interrupt her,  similar to his real interview with the vice president earlier this week. He then proceeds to ask Harris if she was “here to answer questions or just looking for a viral moment?” 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Business
			



	
		
					'Fox & Friends' Co-Host Steve Doocy to Ditch New York for Florida, Will Host Show From Other Cities		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					At WHCD Weekend, Glam With a (Small) Dash of Dystopia		
			








	“Oh, please, I am not looking for a viral moment,” Rudolph’s Harris says before looking into the camera to   actually join a popular social media trend, “See how I don’t let a man interrupt my answers, very demure, very mindful.”

	When Baldwin’s Baier calls her out for just “throwing out memes,” Harris claps back, saying, “That is not true. I am here to reach across the aisle. Hundreds of Republicans have endorsed me because in the club, we all fam” — another viral trend.

	“I’m not familiar with the club, but are we all fam?” Baier asks. “You’ve been pretty divisive. You called Donald Trump unfit, unstable, not able to lead, unchecked.”
Bret Baier interviews Kamala Harris for Fox News pic.twitter.com/buxgtehKYr

	The Fox News anchor later plays multiple wrong clips of Trump talking about his “the enemy from within” claims, and when Harris questions him, he responds, “I think you have to admit he makes a pretty compelling argument.”

	“Look, he can dance all he wants to ‘YMCA’ or to any other song he doesn’t realize is a gay anthem,” Rudolph’s Harris says. “This election is about contrast at my rallies. There’s Beyoncé and joy and bathrooms. At his rallies, he won’t pay for the buses and hundreds of elderly people gotta walk back to their car six miles through the desert, like an Old Testament Fyre Festival.”

	Baldwin’s Baier responds, “So are you saying Trump voters are misguided? Are they stupid?” But an angry Harris proceeds to slam him for “trying real hard to make me say something bad.”

	“You’re very sexy when you’re angry,” Baier quips. “You know that?” Harris replies, “Yes, I do.”

	









Kamala Harris and Bret Baier talk rallies pic.twitter.com/FjgTarUnSm

Michael Keaton returned to Studio 8H to host the sketch comedy show for the fourth time on Saturday, with Billie Eilish as musical guest.

	During his monologue, Mikey Day and Andy Samberg joined him onstage, however, they were wearing attire he knows all too well. They were dressed in full Betelgeuse costumes with the iconic makeup, green hair and pinstripe suits.

	“With Halloween coming up, I know I’m gonna see a lot of those little kids out there dressed just like Beetlejuice, which is adorable,” Keaton said as he promoted his Beetlejuice sequel that was released last month. “And I’m also gonna see a lot of grown men dressed up like Beetlejuice too, usually guys in their 40s, which is less adorable.”
.@MichaelKeaton's monologue! pic.twitter.com/IFX8dWF2v5
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Inside the business of TV with breaking news, expert analysis and showrunner interviews
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.