Good morning. You're reading the Up First newsletter. Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox, and listen to the Up First podcast for all the news you need to start your day.

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered the Israeli military to prepare to evacuate the southern Gazan city of Rafah, despite global alarm. The city, packed with more than one million refugees from elsewhere in Gaza, is their last refuge of relative safety. 

Former President Trump has reignited questions and international reactions about what he would do to U.S alliances as president. At a political rally in South Carolina, Trump said he would encourage Russia to "do whatever the hell they want" to "delinquent" countries in Europe that he believes aren't spending enough on defense. 

A bill to slow down migration across the U.S.-Mexico border failed to get off the ground. But some Republicans say the White House doesn't really need it. Congressional Republicans argue that the President has the power to halt the flow of migrants through the U.S.-Mexico border. 

Yesterday at the Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas, the Kansas City Chiefs pulled off a second-half comeback to beat the San Francisco 49ers, 25-22 in overtime. The Chiefs are the first team to win back-to-back Super Bowl championships since the New England Patriots did it almost two decades ago. Here's some highlights: 

Since March 2022, El Salvador's state of emergency—triggered by a surge in gang violence—has boosted the president's popularity and lowered the murder rate. But it has also come with a heavy human cost. Salvadoran photographer Carlos Barrera visually documents how El Salvador's nearly two-year crackdown on gang suspects has affected local communities. 

Valentine's Day is on Wednesday, and NPR's Fiona Geira's timeless advice reminds us that grocery stores are ideal for dates. Recalling a cherished trip to Costco with their grandparents, they highlight the beauty of simple moments. Observing what your date selects in the aisles reveals their personality and energy for the ordinary. Geiran suggests amidst a sea of dating apps and restaurants: "Do romantic things in regular places. Because what could be more wonderful than regular love?" 

What are you really into? Fill out this form or leave us a voice note at 800-329-4273, and part of your submission may be featured online or on the radio.

1. Music power couple Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz (a.k.a. Kasseem Dean) opened their extensive art collection "Giants" at the Brooklyn Museum in New York, spotlighting Black diaspora artists. The exhibit will be open until July 7, 2024. 

2. A miniature surgical robot, named MIRA, has recently arrived at the International Space Station. A surgeon is directing its movements 250 miles away from Nebraska, and it will conduct simulated surgical procedures in microgravity — potentially impacting health care back on Earth. 

3. Jamaican and Bahamian officials are pushing back against the U.S. State Department travel advisories, dismissing claims of tourist safety risks due to crime and limited medical services. 

Treye Greene edited this newsletter. contributed to this story
 Copyright 2024 NPR. To see more, visit https://www.npr.org.