Friday update: Sonic the Hedgehog 3 is racing past expectations, now predicted match Sonic the Hedgehog 2's three-day opener of $72.1 million. This third installment, directed by Jeff Fowler, took in $26 million Friday, putting it on pace for a franchise-best opening weekend. Mufasa will have to wait to be king, settling for second with a projected $35 million. Moana 2 and Wicked are in a dead heat for third place, both projected to add about $14 million to their already-blockbuster numbers. The big surprise this weekend is Angel Studios' Homestead claiming fifth place with over $5 million in less than 1,900 theaters. Ben Smallbone directed the faith-based thriller starring Neil McDonough, which follows a former Green Beret and other survivors taking refuge inside an elaborate compound following an attack on America.
Original story (published Dec. 17): Paramount's Sonic the Hedgehog 3 is on track to upset Disney's Mufasa: The Lion King at the box office this weekend. The third installment of the franchise based on Sega's video game series will gross between $50 million and $60 million domestically, according to studio estimates per Deadline. Mufasa may have the last roar globally, however, with an expected worldwide gross $180 million.
Disney's Moana 2 is finally coming down from its record-shattering wave at the top. With a weekend forecast of $12 million, the animated sequel is expected to drop about 50 percent from last week. Universal Pictures' Wicked is on a similar trajectory, and may even fly past Moana 2 to steal third place.
Gold Derby predicts that Sonic the Hedgehog 3 will win the Dec. 20-Dec. 22 weekend with between $50 million-$75 million domestically. Mufasa is the runner-up choice of our odds-makers. Do you agree or disagree with those rankings? Make your predictions right now -- it's fun and easy! Join the box-office discussion in our forums.
NEW RELEASES
Sonic the Hedgehog 3 (director: Jeff Fowler): Sonic, Knuckles, and Tails reunite against a powerful new adversary, Shadow, a mysterious villain with powers unlike anything they have faced before. With their abilities outmatched, Team Sonic must seek out an unlikely alliance. The action-comedy starring Jim Carrey and featuring the voices of Keanu Reeves and Idris Elba has a running time of one hour, 50 minutes, and is rated PG. Per the review aggregator Metacritic, the threequel's reception has been a "generally favorable" 62 percent.
Mufasa: The Lion King (director: Barry Jenkins): Mufasa, a cub lost and alone, meets a sympathetic lion named Taka, the heir to a royal bloodline. The chance meeting sets in motion an expansive journey of a group of misfits searching for their destiny. The photorealistically animated film features the voices of Aaron Pierre, Kelvin Harrison Jr., Seth Rogen, Billy Eichner, Donald Glover, and Beyoncé Knowles-Carter. Its running time is two hours and it is rated PG. Reviewers compiled by Metacritic have had a "mixed" reaction to the film, with an overall score of 59 percent.
BOX-OFFICE PREDICTIONS
Sonic the Hedgehog 3 has a demographic advantage heading into the weekend, with a stronghold on young male and teenage boys. That audience is lacking for Mufasa, Moana 2, and Wicked, which are splitting a predominantly female audience, while Gladiator II and the bombing Kraven the Hunter are rated R and target an older demo. While Sonic 3 is on pace to match the original film, which grossed $58 million in it's opening weekend in 2014, the threequel won't likely match up to its predecessor, Sonic the Hedgehog 2, which earned $72 million its opening weekend in 2022.
Here are Gold Derby's current box-office rankings for the top five:
1. Sonic the Hedgehog 3
2. Mufasa: The Lion King
3. Moana 2
4. Wicked
5. Kraven the Hunter
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
this is gonna be a 15+ million weekend for Wicked.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media