ByIme Ekpo
ByIme Ekpo,
 Contributor. 
WASHINGTON, DC - JUNE 17: Tierra Whack performs at the 2022 Something in the Water Music Festival on ... More Independence Avenue on June 17, 2022 in Washington, DC. (Photo by Paul Morigi/Getty Images)
It has been six years since Tierra Whack released a full-formed project. In 2018, the Philly native released her debut mixtape tape, Whack World, earning rave reviews for her storytelling mastery of the modern Black girl mentality. Last Friday, Whack released her debut album, World Wide Whack which has proceeded to reach the iTunes Hip-Hop/Rap chart at number two.
World Wide Whack was stationed as number one over the weekend, but Kanye West’s Vultures 1 has made its round back to the top spot.
The silver position of Whack’s debut album stands testament to the resilience of Black women in rap. Conserved in sound utilizing an effortless approach to different auditory atmospheres, Whack takes on themes of adulthood, depression, and recreation.
Whack shines a spotlight on the act of showering in "Shower Song," emphasizing the moment of stillness that usually fosters confidence in every human being. “I sound great/When I'm singin' in the shower/Soap and water give me powers/When I'm singin' in the shower,” she harmonizes in the chorus. The Afro-pop visual motif of the single’s one-minute and twenty-six-second music video is a reflection of Whack’s artistic ability to express the unadorned and ornate.
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MARCH 13: Tierra Whack attends the World Wide Whack Album Experience NYC ... More Powered by Nuuly and Eventbrite on March 13, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Cassidy Sparrow/Getty Images for Amalia Consulting)
On MTV Fresh Out Live with Jamila Mustafa, Whack shared her insights about the alter ego infused in the album and its reflection of the unexpected realities faced by acclaimed performers. “World Wide Whack is a character that symbolizes the mask that a performer must wear when feeling alone in a crowd but still showing up for millions. It's a battle of self-love, self-respect, and being confident in your own skin,” said Whack.
In "27 Club," Whack explores the struggles of a troubled 27-year-old dealing with depression, self-doubt, and thoughts of suicide. The term “club” in the title is telling of a reference to a group of highly talented musicians who all passed away at the age of 27—such as Jimi Hendrix, Amy Winehouse, and Kurt Cobain. The introspective lyrics and haunting melodies provide a profound commentary on the struggles faced by many young artists in the industry, highlighting a challenge Whack herself has successfully conquered.
Tierra Whack's World Wide Whack not only climbs to the heights of the iTunes Hip-Hop/Rap chart but also emblematically showcases the resilience and multifaceted talent of Black women in hip-hop culture. From her wee days battling in Philly rap cyphers and emboldened freestyles, to showcasing her multifaceted artistic wit, while also establishing a bond with Lauryn Hill and collaborating with Beyoncé, Whack is on the brink of becoming one of modern rap's most distinctive talents.