New York Amsterdam News

					The New Black View				
Our journalism is only possible with support from you, our readers. The news mainstream media just doesn’t cover. Racial justice journalism since 1909. 

			Thanks for your contribution!		
The news mainstream media just doesn’t cover. Racial justice journalism since 1909.
We need you NOW! For 115 years we have delivered award winning racial justice journalism — and only with your support can we continue! 
Digital Only
$5/month
Print & Digital
$6/month
MORE OPTIONS
Already a subscriber? Log in to hide this.
The news mainstream media just doesn't cover. Racial justice journalism since 1909.
Emily “Cissy” Houston, the mother of the late Whitney Houston, passed away Monday, October 7, at 10:30 a.m ET at her home in Newark, New Jersey, while under hospice care for Alzheimer’s disease. The legendary singer, who recently turned 91 years old on September 30, 2024, was surrounded by her family.
“Our hearts are filled with pain and sadness. We lost the matriarch of our family,” said Pat Houston, the daughter-in-law of Cissy Houston, who is married to former professional basketball player and singer Gary Houston. “Mother Cissy has been a strong and towering figure in our lives. A woman of deep faith and conviction, who cared greatly about family, ministry, and community. Her more than seven-decade career in music and entertainment will remain at the forefront of our hearts. May she rest in peace, alongside her daughter, Whitney and granddaughter Bobbi Kristina, and other cherished family members.”
A post shared by Whitney Houston (@whitneyhouston)
Grammy winner, Kennedy Center, and Rock & Roll Hall of Fame honoree Dionne Warwick also gave a statement about her Houston, who was Warwick’s aunt.
“I’m so deeply saddened,” Warwick said. “However, knowing that my Aunt Cissy died peacefully and that she is in a much better place is a consolation and comfort to me.”
Born Emily Drinkard, Houston rose from the ranks of the family gospel group the Drinkard Singers to become one of the recording industry’s leading studio vocalists. Her résumé included leading the Sweet Inspirations and providing background vocals on recordings by Elvis Presley, Luther Vandross, Burt Bacharach, Aretha Franklin, and Warwick. Houston also guided her daughter Whitney at the beginning of her career.
Funeral services will be private.
Since 1909, bringing you the news that mainstream media just doesn't.
Only possible with support from you, our readers.

			Thanks for your contribution!		
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Amsterdam News
2340 Frederick Douglass Blvd.
New York, NY 10027
Phone: 212-932-7400

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

By signing up, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.