Sign in or Subscribe 
See Offers




Account Subscription: ACTIVE
Questions about your account? Our customer service team can be reached at circulation@metln.org during business hours at (207) 791-6000.
You are able to gift 5 more articles this month.
Anyone can access the link you share with no account required.  Learn more.
With a Lewiston Sun Journal subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
It looks like you do not have any active subscriptions. To get one, go to the subscriptions page.
With a Lewiston Sun Journal subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
Femmes of Rock  Submitted photo 
The Femmes of Rock will perform at 8 p.m. Friday, March 15, at the Waterville Opera House, 1 Common St. in Waterville.
Led by rock violinist and arranger Nina DiGregorio, the band has rocked audiences worldwide with their blistering solos and unique arrangements, not to mention their beauty and charm. Their concerts feature the music of AC/DC, Led Zeppelin, The Eagles, Jimi Hendrix, Prince, Metallica, David Bowie, Pink Floyd, and more. The girls have performed with some of the biggest names in the business: Beyoncé, Rod Stewart, Shakira, Ricky Martin, Deep Purple, Cheap Trick, Earth Wind & Fire, The Killers, and many more.
Tickets cost $43-$53.
For more information visit watervillecreates.org.
Comments are not available on this story. Read more about why we allow commenting on some stories and not on others.
We believe it’s important to offer commenting on certain stories as a benefit to our readers. At its best, our comments sections can be a productive platform for readers to engage with our journalism, offer thoughts on coverage and issues, and drive conversation in a respectful, solutions-based way. It’s a form of open discourse that can be useful to our community, public officials, journalists and others. 
We do not enable comments on everything — exceptions include most crime stories, and coverage involving personal tragedy or sensitive issues that invite personal attacks instead of thoughtful discussion. 
You can read more here about our commenting policy and terms of use. More information is also found on our FAQs. 
Show less
Send questions/comments to the editors.


			« Previous		



			Next »