Tina Knowles has revealed the advice son-in-law Jay-Z gave her about her social media presence, after her Instagram account appeared to ‘like’ a post about the recent allegations against him.
The rapper, real name Shawn Carter, has been accused of raping a girl known only as Jane Doe in 2000, when she was aged 13 – he has fiercely denied all claims.
Shortly after the headlines broke, a screenshot circulated on social media claiming that Beyonce’s mother, 70, had ‘liked’ a post on Instagram about the allegations, after which she claimed that she had been ‘hacked’.
During an appearance on the Run-Through with Vogue podcast, she lifted the lid on her online antics, including the tips the 55-year-old offered up.
While she didn’t touch on the incident, or address the allegations, she told the hosts: ‘It’s so funny because you know how many times I’ve liked something that was negative about my own children?
‘Because if I’m busy and I’m going through the thing, I’m like, “Oh, there’s Beyoncé with so and so.” I like that. And then the fans come back and say, “Miss Tina, please erase that because you’re liking some negative post.” That’s what happens to 70-year-olds on social media. It’s true.
‘I’m always screwing up. I’m doing voice [to text], and I’m country, so my words come out all wrong. Why don’t I go back though? Because I know that it doesn’t understand what I’m saying, and it’s got crazy stuff.
‘My son-in-law, Jay, will say, “Listen, if you’re going to read somebody, at least spell your words right. Don’t misspell your words, Ma. You can’t do that, take your time and go over and spellcheck your stuff!” I don’t have time for that.’
Jay isn’t the only member of the famous family who has had a word with his mother-in-law about social media, as the matriarch confessed that her granddaughter, Blue Ivy, has called her up and suggested that she should ‘delete’ something ‘whack’ in the past.
Tina has also spoken out in defense of her family multiple times over the years – last year, she slammed the ‘stupid, ignorant, racist statements’ made against Beyonce after her appearance at the Renaissance: A Film By Beyonce premiere in November.
At the time, some commenters questioned whether the Texas Hold ‘Em singer had lightened her skin – accusations that her mom didn’t take kindly to, and called out in a lengthy Instagram caption.
‘I’m a protector of my kids, and I just feel like that’s my job,’ she added on the podcast. ‘The downside [to social media] is that someone can just make up something, and say anything they feel like saying, and put it on there.
‘My kids are always like, “Mama, just ignore that.” But at some point, it gets to the point where I’m just like, “I’m sorry. This is enough. It’s enough.” Because imagine being a mother, and somebody’s lying on your kid. It’s hard to watch.’
Earlier this month, Jay found himself at the center of allegations that he had raped a 13-year-old girl at a VMAs after-party in 2000.
In a lawsuit filed by attorney Tony Buzbee, the accuser – now in her 30s – alleges that she was raped by both the 99 Problems star and his fellow musician, Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs.
While they have both denied the allegations, Tina left many confused when her Instagram account appeared to like a post regarding her son-in-law being named in the documents – something she later insisted was false.
In response to the speculation, she posted a Notes app statement on her platform claiming that her account had been hacked.
‘I was hacked,’ the note read. ‘As you all know I do not play about my family. So if you see something uncharacteristic of me, just know that it is not me!
‘Please stop playing with me!’ she added in the post’s caption, before paraphrasing a Bible verse: ‘No weapon formed against my family shall prosper.’
While the rest of the family have not addressed the ‘hacking’ publicly, Tina and Jay did pose for pictures together at the premiere of Disney’s Mufasa: The Lion King shortly after, alongside Beyonce and Blue Ivy.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Why Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt’s messy split led to 8-year divorce battle
Arrow
MORE: Major Hollywood star completely unrecognisable singing in ‘cutest’ video aged 14
Arrow
MORE: Beyonce’s new tour ‘discovered’ by fans ahead of mysterious January announcement