ByDani Di Placido
ByDani Di Placido,
 Senior Contributor. 
Actress Drea Kelly attends WE TV's exclusive screening of "Power, Influence, & Hip Hop: The ... More Remarkable Rise Of So So Def" at The London Hotel on July 16, 2019 in West Hollywood, California. (Photo by Michael Tullberg/Getty Images)
Beyoncé’s "II Hands II Heaven" song from her latest album, “Cowboy Carter,” has sparked a viral TikTok trend, inspired by a dance performed by Drea Kelly.
The dance has taken TikTok by storm, with celebrities such as Chloe Bailey and Donté Colley trying their hand at the routine.
Andrea Kelly, better known as Drea, is a professional dancer, choreographer and actress who went viral after performing a sensual dance on social media. Kelly currently teaches dance fitness and burlesque classes in Atlanta.
Kelly is also the ex-wife of singer R. Kelly, who is currently serving prison time. The couple divorced in 2009, and Drea Kelly has received criticism for keeping her ex-husband’s last name.
Kelly, however, is refreshingly frank about the fact that she keeps the name for recognition. In an appearance on VH1, Kelly said:
“At the end of the day, if my last name wasn’t Kelly, you wouldn’t be looking me up on Instagram and you wouldn’t be looking me up and TMZ wouldn’t be calling me. If I was Mrs. Jones, on the corner, going through the same things, no one would care … What I do with my last name should be more important than why I kept it.”
After the release of “Cowboy Carter,” Kelly’s smooth dance routine proved popular on TikTok, prompting many to try the moves themselves, with the routine becoming something of a meme.
TikTok creators had fun with the seductive flow of the dance, joking that they would use the moves to get their boyfriend’s attention, or just to show off a bit of girl power.
Many creators joked that Beyoncé might be confused at the sight of her fans perfectly synchronizing into the dance routine during her next performance of the song. Interestingly enough, while Kelly is a fan of Beyoncé, she wasn’t originally dancing to “Cowboy Carter.”
In the viral footage, Kelly was dancing to “I Just Want to Make Love to You” by Muddy Waters, but a TikTok user edited the clip to Beyonce’s "II Hands II Heaven" and the association stuck.
Speaking to USA Today about her dance going viral, Kelly said that her routine had “taken on a life of its own.”
Kelly was performing the dance for a couple of years before the internet started paying attention, but the routine is older than one might expect.
“In Chicago, there's a dance called the Percolator,” Kelly said. “So this move that everybody sees me doing is actually an old school, house-music dance, and it fits perfectly."
TikTok creators and commentators marveled at the 50 year-old Kelly’s agility and effortless charisma. Kelly hopes that others will be inspired by her success.
"I want this to be a testament to people,” she said.
“Your gifts will make a way for you. And I don't care what anybody thinks. Don't think you're too old. Don't think your content is too old. Something that you put on your page years ago, somebody can discover and it has a new life."