Chic girl summer, anyone?

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The enduring appeal of a cult designer item is exceptional. Whether it's the most coveted bag of the season or an iconic wardrobe basic, the concept of it is truly enticing yet not always the easiest to predict.
From Loewe's sunglasses to Chanel's dad sandals, the list is endless when it comes to coveted items that were an instant sell out. If you're wondering how to spot them, just have a quick glance over your Instagram feed or Tik Tok 'For You' page and you will quickly spot which pieces are a favourite. Think Taylor Swift wearing that Clip Peppiatt dress or Jennifer Lawrence's love for an overflowing Margaux bag by The Row.
If you havent got time for that, then fear not - I have done the research and spoke to some key fashion insiders to give their specialist insight on which top pieces are worth investing in this season and set for cult status.
According to Libby Page, market director at Net-A-Porter, Spring/Summer 2024 is coming in strong with inspiration from the 1980s subculture, The New Romantics. "This places fashion, femininity, and strength at the forefront. Brands applied their own DNA, and designers injected a modern refinement to these ethereal pieces; we love Alaïa’s form-fitting, concealing yet revealing dress in delicate baby pink .”
“We are seeing minuscule shorts, such as this pair from Khaite – we can’t help but notice the hems rising higher and higher. The balance of these hemlines with the resurgence of flat shoes nods to the preppy undertone that came through from the Spring/Summer 2024 collections.”
Anouk Yve wearing the Half Moon bag by The Row.
Over on the global luxury e-commerce platform Mytheresa, we spoke to Richard Johnson, the Chief Commercial and Sustainability Officer, who has noted key popular pieces across accessories, footwear, and ready-to-wear.
"The standout cult items of the season seem to gravitate towards non-apparel categories, exemplified by pieces like The Row's Margaux bag, which epitomizes cult status. With such limited stock that quickly sells out upon release, acquiring one becomes a stroke of luck, elevating owners to cult membership. Additionally, the premium price tag of these items only adds to their allure," says Johnson.
"In the realm of footwear, Alaïa ballet flats reign supreme, embodying this cult sentiment within the shoe category. Looking ahead to ready-to-wear, the aviator leather jacket emerges as the anticipated cult piece for the upcoming season. Brands such as Saint Laurent, Loewe, and Khaite offer ultimate luxe options, while more accessible styles can be found at newcomers like Nour Hammour, recently introduced to Mytheresa."
There is no denying Alaïa's ballet flats have quickly become one of the must-have shoes of 2024. From embellished detailing, to fishtail designs and specs of colour, there really is an Alaïa flat style for everyone. 
A contemporary brand with artisanal focus, Alemais, is an Australian brand that fuses historical references with modern designs. Collaborating with Argentinian artist, Alan Berry Rhys. Made from organic cotton and featuring drawings inspired by vintage postcards, the Samaki mini dress is the perfect fun dress for summer. 
The Row has quickly gained icon status amongst the fashion set, with their classic handbag, the Margaux, dubbed the 'new Birkin'. It is no wonder it remains sold out, but not to worry if you're looking at investing in a bag from the brand, its equally as iconic leather shoulder bag, the Half Moon bag, is still in stock, so act fast. 
Classic, lightweight, and super chic: Celine's Triomphe sunglasses feature a classic shape that serves as an homage to Celine's classic Triomphe logo.
Why not take some inspo out of Barry Keoghan's recent Coachella look and opt for a throwback monogram bikini this season? Channel your inner early 00's Beyoncé in the infamous "Bonnie and Clyde" music video and invest in this cool-girl approved trendy bikini. 
The Frankie Shop's tailoring is all things impeccable, chic, and comfortable. Just last year, the brand's oversized boxy blazer became a viral sensation across It-girls and celebrities alike. This waistcoat iteration is the brand's next staple that is bound to take over your social feed asap.
The Gucci horesbit design has been around since the 1950s. Inspired by Guccio Gucci's love for equestrian motifs, the emblem has been throughout for multiple seasons across bags, shoes, and clothing alike. Its latest design features the brand's horsebit buckle on XL platform loafers, talk about chic. 
Loewe handbags are almost certainly an instant hit. Over the years, we have adored the Puzzle and Flamenco bags, but now it's all about large Puzzle in Rafia. This version is the perfect addition for a capsule summer wardrobe pair with linen trousers and midi skirts, you can't go wrong. 
JW Anderson's designs span across sleek staples and whimsical statement pieces. Many of which, have reached cult status and gained momentum across the industry and beyond. Having an incredible array of shoes, JW Anderson's sandals and mules are unlike any others. These fisherman sandal variations are elegant, trendy, and totally worth the investment. 
Maison Margiela's iconic Tabi split-toe shoes have been a favourite amongst the fashion sort since its debut in 1989. Since then, they have been introduced as trainers, boots, loafers, and, most recently, flats. These pink satin Tabi ballerinas are the perfect summer shoe for those looking to invest in a cult-favourite style that will last you for many seasons to come. 
Chloé's raffia tote is the perfect summer bag to invest on for summer holidays and beyond, especially with the current boho style resurgence. 
As noted by our experts, it's no surprise that Khaite's leatherwear is having a moment. From their micro mini shorts to their classic jackets, these investments are sure to see you through season after season. 
From the Jodie to the Cassette, Bottega Veneta's handbags have quickly reached cult status. Its latest iteration? The Sardine bag. Featuring the brand's classic curved silhouette with a gold metal rod handle, this bag screams It-girl approved. 
Paco Rabanne's chainmail designs perfectly honour the designer's 1960s Space Age designs. From handbags to dresses and skirts, the disc paillette detailing is a truly iconic element of the brand's modern designs. 
Spring/Summer 2024 has reintroduced classic boho motifs. From flowy skirts, to denim jackets, and the staple wedged sandals, look at Saint Laurent for the perfect pair. Their cult 'Tribute' sandals were first introduced in 2004 and have been reimagined in multiple ways ever since, this modern take is the perfect pairing for your favourite summer dress and cardi combo. 
Known for their sophisticated cuts and silhouettes, Toteme is a true go-to for classic cult pieces. Made of pure cotton, this slightly oversized jacket is all things comfortable, stylish, and timeless. 
Celebrity news, beauty, fashion advice, and fascinating features, delivered straight to your inbox!
Sofia Piza is the Fashion Writer at Marie Claire UK. With extensive experience and a degree in Fashion Journalism, she covers runway trends, shopping picks, celebrity fashion, and industry news.
Throughout her career, Sofia's work has ranged from in-depth interviews with industry experts and high-profile celebrities to creative production for editorial cover shoots and red-carpet coverage. Born in Mexico and raised in five countries, Sofia's multicultural upbringing has fed into her interest in international markets, leading her fashion week coverage across London, Milan, Paris, New York, and Copenhagen.
When she's not sourcing inspiration from social media, you will find Sofia anywhere from a local vintage market to busy central London streets, people watching to make sure she brings you the latest trends, from the best denim pieces to the must-have investment bags- the possibilities are endless.

Truly kissable lips


It's time to dust off those juicers.


On the power of friendship and rekindling bonds


Marie Claire UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.