Manage your account
Harrison Ford has endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris days before the 2024 election.
Ford appeared in a series of videos in partnership with the Harris-Walz campaign, released Saturday, saying in one video, “When dozens of former members of the Trump administration are sounding alarms, saying, ‘For God’s sake, don’t do this again,’ you have to pay attention. They’re telling us something important. These aren’t soft people. They’re governors, generals, standing up against the leader of the party they spent their lives advocating for. For many of them, this will be the first time they’ve ever voted for someone who doesn’t have an ‘R’ next to their name. Because they know this really matters.”
More from Variety
Cardi B Calls Herself and Kamala Harris 'Underdogs,' Says She's 'Promising a Lot' and 'I Believe Her'
Jennifer Lopez Says Trump Rally Puerto Rico Comment Offended 'Humanity and Anyone of Any Decent Character': 'He Reminded Us Who He Really Is'
Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson and More Avengers Stars Assemble to Endorse Kamala Harris
Ford continued, “The truth is this, Kamala Harris will protect your right to disagree with her about policies or ideas, and then, as we have done for centuries, we’ll debate them. We’ll work on them together, and we’ll move forward. The other guy, he demands unquestioning loyalty, says he wants revenge. I’m Harrison Ford. I’ve got one vote — same as anyone else — and I’m going to use it to move forward. I’m going to vote for Kamala Harris.”
https://twitter.com/KamalaHQ/status/1852800821387268351
In another video, the “Star Wars” star said he is “frustrated about a lot of things in this country,” like he’s “sure” other people are, too. “But the other guy, he spent four years turning us against each other while embracing dictators and tyrants around the world,” Ford continued. “That’s not who we are. We don’t need to make America great again. Come on, we are great, but what we need is to work together again. What we need is a president who works for all of us again.”
Harris has received support from a number of Hollywood figures. Beyoncé supported the vice president at a rally in Houston in October alongside her former Destiny’s Child bandmate Kelly Rowland. In August, Harris was accompanied by celebrities like Kerry Washington and Tony Goldwyn at the 2024 Democratic National Convention. Others who have given speeches, performances or shared posts in support of Harris include Taylor Swift, Oprah, Mindy Kaling, Jennifer Lawrence, Billie Eilish, Leonardo DiCaprio, Eminem and more.
These endorsements have corralled large communities to donate towards the Harris-Walz campaign. Among these are Swifties for Harris and White Dudes for Harris, the latter of which included a YouTube event where J.J. Abrams, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Josh Groban, Sean Astin, Michael Kelly, Josh Gad, Jeff Bridges and Mark Hamill all participated and managed to gather over $4 million in donations.
Best of Variety
New Movies Out Now in Theaters: What to See This Week 
What's Coming to Netflix in November 2024
The Best Celebrity Memoirs to Read This Year: From Al Pacino to Lisa Marie Presley
Sign up for Variety's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.