If you’ve ever wondered where Beyoncé and Solange get their style, confidence, and unwavering boss energy, look no further than Tina Knowles. Recently, with the launch of Cécred, Ms. Tina has graced our magazine spread in our March/April 2024 issue, reminding us of her elegance and fashion prowess. From designing Destiny’s Child costumes to founding House of Deréon, which is named after her mother, with Beyoncé in 2006, her influence is undeniable.
As she balances the responsibilities of a mother—nurturing two talented daughters into powerhouses, her style never wavers. Her personal style is consistently chic with tailored suits in a plethora of colors, elegant gowns with dazzling details, peplum tops, and matching sets. Whether it’s satin tops and blazer jackets with bedazzled heeled boots on MTV’s Total Request Live or glamorous gowns on the red carpet, her fashion choices are always on point. 
One unforgettable look was her bedazzled, embroidered black suit at the ESSENCE Black Women In Hollywood Awards in 2017. Paired with peep toe black pumps and dangling teardrop earrings, she radiated elegance. To channel Ms. Tina’s powerful style, consider these fashion picks:
This Kobi Halperin blazer has a similar glamour to Tina’s with its sparkling embroidered details throughout the bottom of the jacket. 
These Kobi Halperin pants are a flared style compared to her slim fit, but they can be a great addition to your more dressy wardrobe. 
If you want the drama of your outfit to be more subtle, then this is for you. The floral embroidered applique is restricted to just the lapels, adding the perfect touch. 
These flared black pants with floral appliques at the sides are a good option to recreate this look. They can also be a great addition to your everyday closet if you want to ease out of your comfort zone. 
These Jimmy Choo peep toe mules have a distinctly similar fit to the ones Tina is wearing in this photo. Since they are mules they’re easy to slide on and off, as you see fit. 
This Ferragamo option has a gorgeous added detail of a curved heel. This shoe would elevate any basic look.