Home    Forums    Music    Blind Ballot #5
I personally don’t care who someone votes for. Many of these voters are just not very strategic (dare I say, especially a lot of R&B voters). And many of these people have very limited views on music and women. While the main demo for voters is still 40+ year old’s. It’s the reasonings behind votes on a couple of ballots that is a bit… telling and uncomfortable. But none of this is anything new. A lot of y’all act brand new every single year.
R&B voters have a shot at AOTY this year with SOS, but they’d rather miss it and blame whoever wins. The few times R&B/Rap voters rallied around a record (This is America, I Can’t Breathe), it worked. Why not push for a long-desired Urban AOTY?
Time heals everything…don’t end it…wait it out.
Honey, these ballots prove that some white people will NOT ever “get” R&B and Rap.  Caucasians will lick Taylor Swift’s cooch and vote for bland, boring, and forgettable white artists over black artists.  BARF!
 R&B voters have a shot at AOTY this year with SOS, but they’d rather miss it and blame whoever wins. The few times R&B/Rap voters rallied around a record (This is America, I Can’t Breathe), it worked. Why not push for a long-desired Urban AOTY? 
Those wins were very political and likely got a lot of help from progressive whites. It wasn’t just about R&B/Rap support. If R&B and Rap voters were strategic we would indeed have more contemporary R&B and Rap wins in the GF. However, a good amount of black R&B and Rap voters are over 40. So, there’s a decent amount who prefer the “old school sound”, who don’t want to vote for music “with all that cussing”, don’t want to vote for a song “that’s just a bunch of singing about sex”, don’t want to vote for Beyoncé because she’s “overrated”, etc. It’s the same division and petty resentments we see among blacks in general. Therefore, they can’t come together, be strategic and use their power.
Those wins were very political and likely got a lot of help from progressive whites. It wasn’t just about R&B/Rap support. If R&B and Rap voters were strategic we would indeed have more contemporary R&B and Rap wins in the GF. However, a good amount of black R&B and Rap voters are over 40. So, there’s a decent amount who prefer the “old school sound”, who don’t want to vote for music “with all that cussing”, don’t want to vote for a song “that’s just a bunch of singing about sex”, don’t want to vote for Beyoncé because she’s “overrated”, etc. It’s the same division and petty resentments we see among blacks in general. Therefore, they can’t come together, be strategic and use their power.

The R&B voters in the blind ballots are choosing someone else for no reason. In 2022, I wanted:
– R&B Album: Heaux Tales
– Progressive R&B Album: Lucky Daye
– R&B Performance: LTDO
– R&B Song: Good Days
– Traditional R&B: Fight For You 
I love Bruno and old school sound ofc, but it was surprising that SZA ate with that song and got nothing. 
This has always given me reservations about her chances this year. Even Jon Batiste probably won due to broad appeal. 
The Americana, Jazz and Rock anonymous voters apparently chose him.
Time heals everything…don’t end it…wait it out.
 i lowkey think olivia can win because guts is objectively a better pop album than midnights and we’re underestimating how many people don’t wanna give taylor a fourth aoty and think guts is better. 
It’s always great when somebody says “objectively” and then proceeds to spout their own awful opinion.
Anyways Midnights >>>>>
Guts is only relevant to late 30s music writers because it reminds them of acts like Liz Phair and Hole from 25 years ago which is the last time they were happy. Nobody else cares about it.
I don’t hear any Hole or (early) Liz Phair in Olivia’s music. Also, her main demo is young as hell, younger than Taylor’s. So, y’all both sound silly. 
 The R&B voters in the blind ballots are choosing someone else for no reason. In 2022, I wanted: – R&B Album: Heaux Tales – Progressive R&B Album: Lucky Daye – R&B Performance: LTDO – R&B Song: Good Days – Traditional R&B: Fight For You I love Bruno and old school sound ofc, but it was surprising that SZA ate with that song and got nothing. This has always given me reservations about her chances this year. Even Jon Batiste probably won due to broad appeal. The Americana, Jazz and Rock anonymous voters apparently chose him. 
It annoys me to this day. That SZA got nothing for Good Days.
R&B voters clearly favour Traditional R&B. They don’t rally for progressive or alternative R&B like I think they should, especially in the GF.
Those wins were very political and likely got a lot of help from progressive whites. It wasn’t just about R&B/Rap support. If R&B and Rap voters were strategic we would indeed have more contemporary R&B and Rap wins in the GF. However, a good amount of black R&B and Rap voters are over 40. So, there’s a decent amount who prefer the “old school sound”, who don’t want to vote for music “with all that cussing”, don’t want to vote for a song “that’s just a bunch of singing about sex”, don’t want to vote for Beyoncé because she’s “overrated”, etc. It’s the same division and petty resentments we see among blacks in general. Therefore, they can’t come together, be strategic and use their power.
With that mentality those idiots will have to deal with Taylor and Billie winning everything in the GF them 
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media