By JERRY OPPENHEIMER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:02, 15 January 2024   |  Updated:  20:39, 15 January 2024   
 140
View  comments
Jerry Oppenheimer is a bestselling author and biographer and a frequent contributor to DailyMail.com.
Top publishers are in a 'frantic race' to sign ousted Harvard president Claudine Gay to a $15million book deal to have her pen her 'true story,' detailing her incredible rise and sudden fall in the hallowed halls of America's most privileged university, insiders tell DailyMail.com.
The buzz surrounding the scandal has also generated interest among Hollywood producers planning a 'ripped-from-the-headlines' feature film. 
In fact there's already top-secret planning for a network TV mini-series about the daughter of Haitian immigrants' rise to the top at Harvard and her 'wrenching decision' to step down accused of antisemitism and plagiarism, the insiders reveal.
As one powerful producer tells DailyMail.com: 'The Claudine Gay Story can be this era's Roots.
'We see Claudine as having star quality behind those serious-looking black rimmed glasses, and we want to cast the perfect actress to portray her for the starring role,' the producer reveals. 
Former Harvard University President, Dr. Claudine Gay testified at the House Committee on Education and the Workforce hearing on the rise in antisemitism on college campuses in December
DailyMail.com has learned book publishers are now gearing up to secure rights to Gay's life story which they believe 'will make for a thrilling read'. She is pictured left during her political science fellowship at Harvard University 2003-2004 and right as child with her family 
'We're already getting calls from the country's most powerful Hollywood agents who want to lock their clients into the role. They're all trying to script it already, the producer added. 
'Among actresses being considered are Halle Berry, Kerry Washington, Zoe Kravitz, and Beyoncé. They are on a potential casting list.'
Another director-producer, who has had great box office successes told DailyMail.com: 'Claudine's story on film with the right star is a guaranteed box office smash, with Academy Awards written all over it, and has depth and drama, and real-world controversy. 
'Claudine's story is bigger than Barbie and far more important to tell on screen.'
Meanwhile, at least three New York publishing houses, desperate for a huge blockbuster bestselling memoir, are willing to bet an advance of up to $15 million for Gay's exclusive memoir.
'Her story has ignited a firestorm and we are hoping to be the first to make a book deal with Claudine,' says an executive editor at one of America's most powerful publishing houses. 
'Her story – and the exclusive revelations she possesses about how she got to the top at Harvard and then her exit has all the elements – race, power, elitism, academic plagiarism, antisemitism, and the whole woke diversity, equity and inclusion thing. 
'Ms. Gay is the only one who can really tell it all.
'Our spies tell us there are at least three other big publishing houses who are already making initial approaches to Ms. Gay through her closest confidantes in order to take her temperature about penning the real story,' says the executive, who asked for anonymity, as did our other sources because of the highly competitive nature of Hollywood and publishing.
Gay (center, sixth from left) outside Kimball Hall, a Stanford dormitory, before it opened for the 1991-1992 school year
Gay, 53, is the daughter of Haitian immigrants, became the university's first black woman to hold the gilded position, but her tenure was short-lived  
She had only served as Harvard's president for just six months and two days when she came under fire for failing to take action against anti-Semitism on campus 
According to the publishing source: 'Word is coming back that Claudine's very interested, if she can tell the story her way. 
'She wants control, and that's okay, to a point. I can see one of the biggest book auctions in contemporary publishing history in the offing for her story.
'We're hoping to set up a meeting with her as soon as possible, and we have authorization to offer her $10million to $15million, and conceivably complete control over the narrative.
'Her authorized story, with all the joy and horror she has experienced, in her years in academia and her rise to the presidency of Harvard as the university's first black woman to hold the gilded position and then the pressure on her to step down will make for a thrilling read.'
Claudine Gay, 53, married with an 18-year-old son, was little known outside of academia, until recent weeks.
It was in the wake of the October 7 Hamas surprise attack on Israel – killing, maiming and taking prisoners – that ignited anti-Semitic attacks on Jewish students at Harvard and on other campuses.
Gay who had served as Harvard's president for just six months and two days, had taken little or no action against the pro-Palestinian activists. 
Congress had begun a probe and Gay, along with the female presidents of the University of Pennsylvania and M.I.T. were called to testify at a fiery hearing about their lack of response to the anti-Jewish demonstrations.
The scandal has generated interest among Hollywood producers for a 'ripped-from-the-headlines' film, with actresses Kerry Washington and Zoe Kravitz, being considered for the lead role, according to sources 
Under intense pressure and criticism, Gay resigned from the Harvard presidency while on vacation in Rome with her husband Christopher Afendulis - the briefest tenure in the university's history
A group known as "Fire Claudine Gay" deployed a panel truck with an electronic billboard display outside of the Harvard Campus with a message protesting against the University's President.
During a hard-hitting congressional hearing in December, New York Republican congresswoman Elise Stefanik, a Harvard alumna, asked Gay if 'calling for the genocide of Jews violates Harvard's Code of Conduct.' 
Shockingly, Gay, who looked miffed, dryly responded: 'It depends on the context.'
Her response, and that of the other two university witnesses, went viral, with immediate calls for their resignations. 
Penn's president Elizabeth Magill soon resigned, but Gay remained adamant that she had done nothing wrong, only to acknowledge a few days later – too little and too late – that 'words matter' and saying she was 'sorry' in an interview with campus newspaper, The Harvard Crimson.
But other accusations soon surfaced: that the university president was a 'plagiarist.'
Rumors had circulated on message boards about her using other academics' material in her own academic writings without acknowledgement, a no-no, especially for someone in academia.
But the rumors soon became actual reportage when the journalist Christopher Rufo broke a story citing 'problematic patterns of usage and citation' in Gay's 1997 doctoral dissertation. 
Soon a slew of other alleged plagiarist material written by her surfaced.
Earlier this month, under intense pressure and criticism, Gay resigned from the Harvard presidency while on vacation in Rome – the briefest tenure in the university post's history.
Gay, who took the reigns at Harvard on July 1, faced intense scrutiny since the October 7 terror attack in Israel following her failure to immediately condemn students who justified Hamas' actions 
A conservative group, Accuracy in Media, has sent billboard trucks to call for Claudine Gay's firing around the Harvard campus
Demonstrators are seen in Harvard on October 14. Gay was criticized for being slow to condemn student justification of the Hamas terror attacks in Israel
But under her deal, she remains on the faculty at a salary of close to a million dollars annually, with benefits.
After Magill and Gay resigned, Stefanik, the number four Republican in the House declared, 'Two Down.' 
She was jokingly dubbed the de facto president of Harvard University on social media.
In an opinion piece in The New York Times in the wake of her resignation, Gay used the so-called race card, declaring she had been called 'the N-word more times than I care to count.'
She also asserted that during her questioning by Stefanik she had fallen 'into a well-laid trap,' by 'neglecting to clearly articulate' her real view of genocide as 'abhorrent and unacceptable.'
One of the publishing executives who plans to make an offer for 'at least $10million to Gay for her story, told DailyMail.com: 'We feel certain that this book will especially appeal to our liberal audience because many feel her treatment by right-leaning factions of the media has been unfair. 
'Any book will give Claudine a legitimate soap box to air her grievances – and tell the truth!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group