Filed under:
Here is how to watch Ravens-Texans, and the Beyoncé halftime show, on Netflix
Merry Christmas NFL fans.
To help you celebrate, the NFL has scheduled a pair of games for you on Christmas Day. In the early game, the Pittsburgh Steelers will play holiday host to the Kansas City Chiefs. The late game features a rematch of an AFC Divisional Round game from a season ago, as the Houston Texans welcome Lamar Jackson and the Baltimore Ravens to NRG Stadium.
Here is how to watch the late game between the Ravens and the Texans, as well as what you need to know for the game and the halftime event.
Wednesday’s second game features the 9-6 Houston Texans hosting the 10-5 Baltimore Ravens.
When: Wednesday, December 25, 4:30 p.m. EasternWhere: NRG Stadium, Houston, TexasTV/Streaming: This game will be streamed exclusively on Netflix. Current Netflix subscribers can find the game after logging in, available currently under the “New & Popular” tab, which looks like this:
You can see both games in the upper-left corner. But while you are waiting for kickoff, you might want to check out Senna, a fascinating look at the legendary Formula 1 driver.
For those who are not current subscribers to Netflix, you can subscribe here. Plans start at $6.99 per month (with ads). 
For those fans living in both the Baltimore area, and the Houston area, the game will also be available on your local CBS affiliate. Texans fans can find the game on KHOU, while Ravens fans can find the game on WJZ-TV.
NFL+ subscribers can also watch the game on a mobile device. 
Who is on the broadcast team: It might be easier to list who is not on the broadcast team for these games. 
Netflix announced a star-studded team for these games earlier this month:
Announcing our on-air talent for the NFL Christmas Gameday Live on Netflix! #NFLonNetflix pic.twitter.com/i1TA5pwuNA
In the booth for Ravens-Texans will be Noah Eagle, joined by Greg Olsen as the lead analyst. Jamie Erdahl and Steve Wyche will be on the sidelines for this game. 
What’s at stake: Both teams have already clinched playoff spots, and the Texans have locked down the AFC South title.
But this game has big playoff implications for both teams.
For the Ravens, their hopes of clinching the AFC North rest on finishing ahead of the Steelers. Both teams have matching 10-5 records, and with them having split the season series, any tie would be decided next by the second tiebreaker, which is conference record. At the moment the Steelers hold the edge with a 7-3 record in AFC play, compared to Baltimore’s 6-4 record in the conference.
Baltimore’s early-season loss to the Las Vegas Raiders looms large here.
Both teams finish with a pair of conference games. Pittsburgh plays the Chiefs in Week 17, and then the Cincinnati Bengals in Week 18. As for the Ravens, they play the Texans on Christmas Day, followed by a season finale against the Browns.
If both teams win out, the Steelers would be division winners thanks to their better conference record. So if the Ravens want to win the division, they need some wins, and some help.
As for the Texans, this game could matter in terms of seeding. Right now the Texans are slotted into the No. 4 seed in the AFC, but they could leap ahead of the eventual AFC North winner.
And in a world where the Ravens win the AFC North with the same record as the Texans, the winner of this game would have the tiebreaker edge when determining seeding.
Beyoncé’s Halftime Show: In addition, Houston’s own Beyoncé will be performing at halftime. You can plan on this performance coming sometime around 5:30 p.m. Eastern on Wednesday, if this is your main attraction.
If you miss Beyoncé’s halftime show do not worry. Her performance will be available to stream for a limited time after Wednesday’s game between the Ravens and the Texans. Pursuant to the league’s agreement with Netflix, the streaming service can continue to show the game — and her performance — up to three hours after the game ends. Meaning you will have until around 11:00 p.m. Christmas night to catch a replay.
International fans have 24 hours from when the game ends to catch a replay. 
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.