It's no secret that Taylor Swift and Kanye West - now known as Ye - haven't been the best of friends. The two celebs have been at odds for over ten years after Kanye suddenly appeared on the stage and grabbed Taylor’s mic when she was accepting her Best Female Video award for You Belong With Me at the 
He told her he was happy for her and would let her finish, but then said to the crowd “…but Beyoncé had one of the best videos of all time” before handing the mic back to Taylor and leaving the stage, while the crowd booed.
Taylor said Kanye later apologised, telling ABC Radio, “Kanye did call me and he was very sincere in his apology, and I accepted that apology.” But then in 2016, he released the track Famous which included the lyric "I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex. Why? I made that b**ch famous.”
Now, Michael Cragg, music critic and author of Reach For The Stars, has made a surprising claim about their feud as he believes the Kanye controversy did Taylor a favour. 
Disney+ now costs as little as £4.99 a month, but members can get 12 months for the price of 10 by paying for a year upfront on the ad-free Standard or Premium plans.
Disney+ is the only place to stream hit shows like Rivals, The Bear and Shōgun, plus blockbuster franchises like Star Wars and Marvel.
from £4.99
“It was horrible and negative at the time,” he tells OK!. “But I think it did give her that lift into a completely different realm in terms of mainstream ubiquity. She was massive, but especially in the UK, she wasn’t selling albums in the way that she does now.”
But it wasn't just a frosty relationship had with Kanye, but also his wife (at the time) Kim Kardashian. Responding to the public backlash, Kim Kardashian, Kanye’s wife at the time, labelled Taylor a snake and released a Snapchat video of a phone call between Kanye and Taylor that attempted to prove he’d asked Taylor’s permission to release it.
Unsurprisingly, it hit Taylor hard. In her Miss Americana film, she opens up about the impact it had on her self-esteem, saying, “When people decided I was wicked and evil and conniving and not a good person, that was the one I couldn’t really bounce back from, because my whole life was centred around it.”
But at the time, Taylor responded in classic Taylor fashion — she wrote songs about it on her next album, Reputation, and based the imagery of her next tour around snakes. “I learned that disarming someone’s petty bullying can be as simple as learning to laugh,” she said.
Interest in Taylor’s feud with Kim was then reignited when fans noticed that the three letters of her name are capitalised on thanK you aIMee, the 24th track on Taylor’s double album, The Tortured Poets Department.
The lyrics also seem to contain several cryptic references to the pair’s feud, including “Aimee” stomping on her grave — a possible reference to the one she crawls out of in the music video for Look What You Made Me Do, from her “revenge” album Reputation.
Taylor Swift's The Eras Tour is set to take the UK by storm later this month, and fans are on high alert for that pitch-perfect outfit. The 'Karma' songstress will grace stages across the UK and Ireland come June, with tour dates in Liverpool, London, Edinburgh, Cardiff, and Dublin.
While there are scammers out there trying to swindle unsuspecting fans, as discovered by Gogglebox stars Ellie and Izzi Warner, there are still ways to safely acquire some tickets. Just be sure to stick to official resale sites.
Tickets for Taylor Swift's UK show dates are at resale marketplaces including Viagogo here and VividSeats here.
On sale from 23 May. Click here to purchase your copy for £9.99.