Is A Junkanoo, Goombay, Caribbean Inspired Album Coming Soon?
Source: Ron Galella / Getty
Happy Birthday to the GOAT, Beyoncé! September 4th has become a holiday to many as the amazing entertainer, mother, wife and icon celebrates another year of life!
RELATED l Beyoné & 4 More Black Women Who Have Made History In 2024 So Far
As you should know, Queen Bey displays her love for her hometown Houston, Texas every chance she gets and with the success of her hit country album, Cowboy Carter, we got to see a new side of her side. Beyoncé has conquered every music genre she’s sung a tune to; R&B, Pop, Rap, Hip-Hop, Soul, House, Rock and Country, many are asking which genre will she takeover next?
RELATED l How Beyonce Leveraged Racism to Uplift Black Country Artists
Will Mrs. Carter go even deeper in her Bahamian roots and create music from genres birthed in The Caribbean? Junkanoo, Goombay, Kompa, Dancehall, Zouk, Reggae, Soca, Punta, Calypso or Reggaeton with a Bey vibe would be fire! In a 2015 interview with Caribbean journalist Arthia Nixon, Beyoncé’s father Matthew Knowles, shares that he believes his ancestors are from Long Island, Bahamas but was still doing research to find his specific roots.
RELATED l Did You Know These Celebs Were Of Bahamian Descent? 
Beyoncé has stayed close to the islands. She shot a H&M campaign in The Bahamas in 2013, of course going above and beyond by creating a full music video which can be seen below. Also it’s rumored that the power couple, Jay-Z and Beyoncé, got engaged in the wine cellar at Graycliff, a historic Nassau hotel. The two own 2 private islands of the thousands that make up The Bahamas. So it only makes sense that we can expect a Caribbean inspired album on the way but whichever genre she decides to create, we can’t wait to see what she cooks up next!
Also See:
Beyoncé Reworked: 10 Great Samples Of Beyoncé Songs
Gold, Silver & Bronze Medalist From Countries in The Caribbean At The Paris 2024 Olympics
Black-Owned Resorts In The Caribbean
Each Nation In The Caribbean

									Listen Live								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Road To The Roots Sweepstakes								

									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Arlington, VA Named One of the Best Cities to Live in America								

									Washington Commanders 2025 NFL Draft Picks: Full List Of Team’s Round-By-Round Selection								

									27 Insane Pictures Of Iggy Azalea’s Booty (PHOTOS)								

									30 Photos Of Cardi B’s Ass								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.