This isn't Coachella - it's "Chlö-chella," and the "Boy Bye" singer is ready to give the girls everything she's got. 
Welcome to #Chlö-chella !
Coachella is back, and so is its vibrant parade of unforgettable music, bombshell beauty looks, and, of course, out-of-this-world fashion. From weekend one until now, news outlets and social media platforms have been abuzz with stage moments, style slays, and everything in between. 
Someone who has dominated social media chatter – with one of the most talked about performances of the festival so far – is Chlöe Bailey. Taking the Palm Springs stage for the first time solo, the Bailey sister ate it up. 
 


					Related Stories
				





 

Fans Are Raving Over Chlöe Bailey’s Sophomore Album ‘Trouble In Paradise’






 

Chloë Bailey Says She Doesn’t Get The ‘Hoopla’ About Her Confidently Showing Off Her Body – And Neither Do We






From her 45-minute medley sets (during weekends one and two) to her poppin’ purple and black sexy knit looks, Chlöe is bringing the heat. The “Boy Bye” singer is sending a strong message to the world. 
This isn’t Coachella – it’s “Chlöchella,” and she is ready to give the girls everything she’s got. 
Source: Emma McIntyre / Getty
The 25-year-old talked about her first solo Coachella Gobi Stage moment with Teen Vogue. This year marks the first time she has performed at Coachella since 2018, when she and her sister, Hailey Bailey, sang as Chlöe x Halle. 
This time, the “In Pieces” Tour star purposely made this moment just for her. Chlöe told Teen Vogue about her set, “We wanted to represent a different version of myself for this performance, and that was one of the reasons why I made it a point to not have any featured guests with me on stage, [something] that people do so amazingly at Coachella. I just felt that it’s the time for people to see what I truly can do.”
The sexy songstress continued, “I’m underestimated a lot, which is fun. I actually like the challenge and the push. I just wanted people to see, hey, I’m a great performer and I love putting my heart and soul out on the stage. That was really my method for this.”
Source: Scott Dudelson / Getty
Chlöe’s work paid off. Twitter/X has lit up with snippets from her performance, and #Chlöchella has become a top trending topic. Chlöe’s fans celebrated the moment by highlighting her vocals, applauding her sets, and gagging over her style.
“When she did this I lost it #CHLÖCHELLA,” wrote one fan.
“Yea after that…..none of you can convince me Chloe Bailey is not the next biggest thing like these other girls ain’t coming close to her…. #Coachella #CHLÖCHELLA,” wrote another.
Parkwood music producer Derek Dixie took to Instagram to recognize the history-making moment. The leading musician responsible for several hits from Beyoncé, Chloe x Halle, The Carters, and more called Chloe “a headliner” and described the performance as “major.”
“Ms. Bailey if you nasty” topped off her star-worthy concert experiences with an announcement for her upcoming album. Her sophomore LP is named “Trouble in Paradise.”
Chloe posted Instagram pics to celebrate her new music and the trouble she is about to cause. In the shots, she oozes star power in a diamond-encrusted bralette and belt from Area and baggy deep indigo cargo jeans.
We are swooning.
Chlöe’s look is absolutely flawless and further evidence of her emerging iconic status. Without question, Chlöe Bailey is not playing with us. From #Chlö-chella and beyond, she’s taking it. 
RELATED
Hair Mystery Solved: Chloe Bailey’s Hairstylist Drops Gems On Recent Head-Turning Look
Chloe Bailey Showed Her A$$ (Literally) At The GLAAD Media Awards

Related Tags


									Derm Diaries: This HBCU Student Shares Her Personal Journey With Atopic Dermatitis								

									Coi Leray Does The Big Chop And We're In Love								

									Simone Biles Accepts The 2025 Time100 Impact Award In Oscar de la Renta								

									Op-Ed: Stop Telling Me I Don’t Need To Lose Any More Weight								

									Beyoncé Drops Custom Grillz For The 'Cowboy Carter Tour'—And We Are Obsessed								

									Lizzo Celebrates Reaching Her Weight Loss Goals On Instagram								

									Jalen Hurts Marries Longtime Girlfriend Bry Burrows								

									Tina Knowles & Michelle Obama's Boots-On-The-Ground Moment Has Us Smiling								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
Celebrating Your Favorite Black-Owned Brands & Products!
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.