ByTom Teicholz
ByTom Teicholz,
 Contributor. 
Matthew Rolston on set
Photographer, artist, creative director, educator — to these descriptors Matthew Rolston can now add ArtCenter College of Design in Pasadena’s Lifetime Achievement Award recipient. In receiving the award, which was just announced on December 19, 2024, Rolston joins other ArtCenter alumni lifetime achievement winners including Hiroshi Sugimoto, Doug Aitken, and Lee Friedlander.
Rolston has taught at ArtCenter for several decades and serves as a mentor and lecturer to students in courses on modern communication techniques from product and fashion advertising to social impact messaging. In 2006 ArtCenter honored Rolston with an honorary doctorate.
“Matthew is an extraordinary individual and a rare talent whose expertise spans a remarkable breadth of disciplines," said Karen Hofmann, president of ArtCenter College of Design, about Rolston in the press release. "He possesses a unique ability to weave complex knowledge into creative solutions, translating intricate ideas into visually and intellectually compelling narratives."
Cyndi Lauper, Los Angeles 1986 by Matthew Rolston
Rolston, who grew up in Los Angeles, launched his career at Andy Warhol’s Interview Magazine, where his work stood out as a return to Hollywood glamour in portrait photography, at a time when others had abandoned studio photography and lighting techniques.
From there, Rolston became one of the most celebrated portrait photographers for magazines such as Vanity Fair, Vogue, Harper’s Bazaar, and most notably for Rolling Stone for which Rolston shot more than one hundred covers. This led to making music videos in the MTV era, including his now-classic videos for Madonna, Beyoncé, Jewel, and Janet Jackson. Rolston also brought his artistic vision to bear in the commercial realm in advertising as well as being creative director for major brands and corporations.
Installation view, Matthew Rolston, Talking Heads: The Vent Haven Portraits
Rolston is also recognized for his accomplished fine art career. His photographic series such as, Talking Heads: The Vent Haven Portraits of ventriloquist dummies, and Art People: The Pageant Portraits from the Pageant of Masters, are conceptual works, that like the work of fellow honoree Hiroshi Sugimoto, investigate questions of what it means to be human, what is real, and what is art.
Rolston’s photographs are in the permanent collections of the J. Paul Getty Museum, Los Angeles, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the Museum of Modern Art, NY, and the National Portrait Gallery (Donald W. Reynolds Center for American Art and Portraiture at The Smithsonian, Washington D.C.) among others.
ArtCenter College of Design’s Alumni Lifetime Achievement Award will be presented to Rolston at a ceremony on September 27, 2025.