Her pivot from Lower East Side It-girl to rodeo queen is pretty much complete.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Bella Hadid isn't sacrificing her personal style, despite pivoting from Lower East Side It-girl to Texas cowgirl. The supermodel continued her Western style streak for a walk in Los Angeles yesterday in head-to-toe denim and brown heeled cowboy boots.
The Canadian tuxedo was still unmistakably Bella. She added her own flair with a Y2K moto jacket silhouette and low-rise jeans. For accessories, she slung a Givenchy bag over her shoulder and tied the look together with her tiny rectangular sunglasses, a thick brown leather belt, and a stack of chunky mismatched rings.
The most important outfit companion of all? Hadid's dog Glizzy, who the model walked on a red leash.
Bella Hadid tried an early-aughts twist on double denim, with a moto jacket and bootcut jeans.
Hadid is hardly the only person getting in touch with their inner rodeo queen through a double-denim outfit. At Paris Fashion Week, street style was filled with denim-on-denim outfits. Back in New York City, other celebrities like Sydney Sweeney have tried their own interpretations of the jeans-only look.
One of several double-denim looks in Paris Fashion Week street style, with a hint of Hadid's cowgirl aesthetic.
The outfit is the latest in Hadid's string of Western-inspired looks. She has made an earnest effort to celebrate her new boyfriend's, professional cowboy Adan Banuelos', culture with chic ten-gallon hats, turquoise jewelry, prairie dresses, fringe, and even leather chaps. Earlier this week, she wore flare dark-wash jeans and square-toe heeled leather boots. She even supported Banuelos at a recent rodeo tournament in Arlington, Texas, cheering him on from the stands in full cowgirl regalia.
The model is also no stranger to horses—she grew up as an equestrian, after all. And Hadid has been revisiting her sport on a ranch in Weatherford, Texas, competing in horseback riding competitions with her horse, Metallic Tito. It was rumored this week that Hadid recently moved to Texas from New York City to be close to her new boyfriend, but yesterday's LA dog-walk may suggest otherwise.
Hadid has cheered on her boyfriend while wearing cowgirl staples like ten-gallon hats and turquoise jewelry.
Hadid's country twang has come at a good time. Beyoncé is firmly in her Texas era, wearing cowboy hats as she gears up to release her new country album Cowboy Carter on March 29. Lana Del Rey is also adopting the genre with new music later this year. Meanwhile, Pharrell's latest Louis Vuitton menswear runway fully embraced the Americana aesthetic. It remains unclear whether Hadid will return to the runway any time soon, or if the horse-girl lifestyle will keep her on the ranch.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Julia Gray is a contributing fashion writer at Marie Claire, where she covers runway trends, celebrity style, and shopping. In her six years as a journalist, Julia’s reporting has ranged across style, music, Internet culture, art, retail, tech, and more. In addition to Marie Claire, Julia writes for outlets like the Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal, the Ringer, New York Magazine, Pitchfork, Nylon, and Vice, among others. Julia's fashion reporting is led by curiosity. Julia is not only interested in critiquing and covering pop culture, but in understanding what our pop culture says about how we live and modern values. When she’s not writing, Julia hosts a podcast called Girls Room, where she and her co-host revisit shows like Girls and Gossip Girl from the beginning with guests like comedian Cat Cohen and writer Hunter Harris. Girls Room was recently cited in the New York Times.

She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


She never misses.


We're getting serious vacation envy from Tina Fey's latest comedy.


It's made for twirling—and daily life.


We can all learn something from her sophisticated styling.


The model paired her skintight capri jumpsuit with pointed-toe heels.


She'd rather spend a weekend in Paris than at the music festival.


This look is a win for thirty-somethings everywhere.


She'd rather spend a weekend in Paris than at the music festival.


The model carried her favorite $3,550 bag while filming Ryan Murphy's new show in Paris.


From Coach purses to Saint Laurent totes, I want them all.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.