The boss of Minnesota is a lifelong fan of the Jersey juggernaut. 

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	Could there be anything more on-brand than Tim Walz losing it over Bruce Springsteen‘s endorsement of Kamala Harris for President? The Minnesota Governor who is running as current Democratic V.P. Harris’ running mate had a typically enthusiastic, joyful response to the full-throated stamp of approval from The Boss in a three-minute video the rock icon posted on Thursday (Oct. 3).

	“Wow. As a lifelong fan of The Boss, I couldn’t be more honored to have his support,” Walz wrote on X Thursday night along with a repost of the plainspoken video from the “Born in the U.S.A.” singer who referred to Harris’ Republican opponent Donald Trump as the “most dangerous candidate for President in my lifetime.”

	










	Springsteen, who was a vocal supporter of President Joe Biden in his 2020 election run — he narrated a “Hometown” ad for the Biden campaign — took on a somber tone for the clip filmed in an empty diner in which he speaks directly to camera to deliver a plainspoken explanation of why he’s backing the Democratic ticket.

	“We are shortly coming up on one of the most consequential elections in our nation’s history,” he says. “Perhaps not since the Civil War has this great country felt as politically, emotionally and spiritually divided as it does at this moment. It doesn’t have to be this way. The common values, the shared stories that make this a great and united nation are waiting to be rediscovered and retold once again. That will take time, hard work, intelligence, faith and women and men with the national good guiding their hearts.”

	Springsteen goes on to praise the bedrock values he says Harris believes in, including “freedom, social justice, equal opportunity, the right to be in love with who you want,” while ticking off a list of what he says are the disqualifying attributes of twice impeached convicted felon Trump. “His disdain for the sanctity of our Constitution, the sanctity of democracy, the sanctity of the rule of law, and the sanctity for the peaceful transfer of power should disqualify him from the office of president ever again. He doesn’t understand the meaning of this country, its history or what it means to be deeply American,” the singer says.

	Springsteen is among a long list of A-list stars who’ve lined up to support the Harris/Walz campaign, joining Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, Stevie Wonder, Lil Nas X, Maren Morris, Barbra Streisand, Ariana Grande, Stevie Nicks, Cardi B, Katy Perry and many more. Trump also picked up an endorsement this week from Shazam star Zachary Levi, after the actor’s preferred candidate, vaccine conspiracy theorist Robert F. Kennedy Jr. abandoned his bid. In addition to the Chicken Run: Dawn of the Nugget actor, Trump has been endorsed by Kanye West, Elon Musk, Kid Rock, Hulk Hogan, Randy Quaid, Amber Rose, Russell Brand, Rosanne Barr and Rob Schneider.

	










	See Walz’s reaction below.
Wow. As a lifelong fan of The Boss, I couldn't be more honored to have his support. https://t.co/YVNUOoW2V0
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.