ByPamela N. Danziger
ByPamela N. Danziger,
 Senior Contributor. 
Team USA Olympics 2024 gymnastic uniform 
A roster of global mega-brands are about to enter the Paris Summer Olympic stadium. Athletes will sport fashion from Louis Vuitton, Berlutti, Nike, Ralph Lauren, Asics, The North Face, Left on Friday, Ben Sherman, Le Coq Sportif, Skims, J. Lindeberg, Lululemon, Criuma, among others.
Alongside them will be tiny GK Elite outfitting Team USA’s gymnastics squad. Headquartered in Reading, PA about 50 miles from Philadelphia, GK Elite plans to make the most of its opportunity under the Olympic spotlight, maybe even steal a little of the mega-brands’ thunder.
A big spotlight it will be. Gymnastics historically draws the largest summer Olympics audience in the U.S., according to Statista. And this year’s Team USA trials reached an average of 7.6 million viewers on NBC as champions Simone Biles, Suni Lee, Jordan Chiles and Jade Carey not unexpectedly qualified for team.
Team USA will get custom-made outfits featuring 10,000 handsewn Swarovski crystals and, for the first time this year, some of the long-sleeved leotards will be embellished with pearls; long sleeves being the tradition in competition.
Team USA Olympics gymnastic uniform embellishments
In addition, GK Elite will offer a range of replica sleeveless designs priced from $50 to about $100 for aspiring Olympians to wear when training, plus a t-shirt to watch the Games in. Leotards and other gear will be available on the company website and through partnerships with Dick’s Sporting Goods, Target, Kohl’s, Macy’s, Amazon and others.
Team USA Olympics 2024 replica leotard
“This is our high-fashion moment. Our leotards borrow so much from couture as a nod to the host city of Paris,” CEO Matt Cowan shared with me.
“As a market leader, we have relationships with Simone, Suni, Jordan and Jade and work with them on a daily basis. We are as authentic as it gets in terms of the product feedback, what athletes are looking for in comfort and beauty while performing. We always have to balance beauty and performance,” he continued.
As proud as he is to outfit this year’s Olympic team, Cowan is even prouder of the fact that all GK Elite products are made in the USA.
“It makes me feel great to take our brand, little GK Elite, out of Reading, PA and onto the world stage,” he shared. “And I feel especially proud for the 600 people that we have working here. It’s a blessing and a wonderful opportunity to take our passion and product to Paris.”
For the competitive trials leading up to the Olympics, each gymnast worked with the in-house GK Elite design team to create her customized performance leotards. Unlike at the Olympics when all will wear the red-white-and blue team uniforms, the trials are where the athletes get to show their signature fashion style.
For the Xfinity U.S. Gymnastics Championships in Fort Worth, TX, Biles wanted to channel the quilted crisscross pattern of a Chanel handbag in her outfit and GK gave her the look. Lee wanted to a more subdued style in hunter green and Chiles was inspired by Beyoncé’s “Renaissance” tour costumes.
GK’s design director Jeanne Diaz, who’s been with the company for 14 years and is a former recreational gymnast, was delighted to oblige. “We really pride ourselves in putting our whole passion and heart into each athlete to make sure they really feel special, because they are special to us,” she shared with WWD.
When the gymnasts start to work with GK three or four months before their events, fashion is top of mind because they trust the company to take care of the behind-the-scenes performance elements, which are even more critical to them.
For example, Biles must be confident that when she performs her signature “triple double” floor exercise involving three flips and two twists, her leotard won’t impede her and the bottom stays securely put. GK has mastered the art of having leg lines that don’t ride up or expose too much.
Matt Cowan joined GK Elite in 2016 as chief marketing and product officer, after working with Reebok and Everlast among others, so he knows the ins and outs of the sporting gear market. He was appointed CEO of Elite Sportswear in July 2023 and now oversees GK Elite, along with Omni Cheer for cheerleading and Dolphin swimwear. Elite Sportswear was acquired by private-equity Riverside Company in 2015.
Over its 45 years in business, GK Elite has been deeply embedded in the gym training and team circuit as its primary distribution channel. But it began expanding out into retail, through Amazon and Target, as aspiring athletes wanted entry-level leotards to get started.
“We believe everyone should sell leotards but that is clearly not the case,” Cowan quipped.
A major breakthrough happened in 2016, coinciding with the Summer Olympics, when Dick’s Sporting Goods came calling. “Dick’s had over 30,000 searches in one week for leotards and didn’t have a single one to sell.”
Immediately, GK Elite began to fulfill orders for Dick’s website and the relationship has continued to grow over the years so now its gear is featured in selective Dick’s stores.
Cowan expects this year’s Olympics to be another boom for the GK Elite business. “Gymnastic participation spikes between 15% to 20% every Olympic cycle,” he said, noting that the 2020 Games during the pandemic were the exception.
In 2016 gymnastics peaked at 5.38 million participants up from 4.68 million the year before. But even without the spark from 2020, gymnastic participation has been rising organically over the last three years, growing from 4.27 million in 2021 to 4.76 million in 2023, an 11% uptick, according to Statista.
Cowan and his GK Elite team are banking on a similar boom this year to reach or even exceed 2016’s record. “We will have a tremendous amount of new audience giving us a new purchasing event,” he said, adding:
“Olympics Gymnastics is a scalable growth engine for our retail business and our industry of gym owners, coaches and teams. We all have to make sure that gymnastics is accessible and we are working in partnership with USA Gymnastics to figure out how to create a fun, competitive and safe environment for kids to grow enthusiasm for the sport.”
To jump-start business ahead of the Olympics, for the first time, GK Elites will unveil Team USA uniforms before the team takes to the mat on the stadium floor. “This is a red carpet moment for us to let the world see our leotards before the Games,” he said.
And also this year, GK Elite will offer a team jersey so fans at home can where their colors while watching the Games and running around town.
“In every sport, fans all over the world wear their team jerseys and this year, our community will have a chance this summer to wear their fan apparel while they watch. It’s a huge opportunity for us, our retailers and our great gymnastics community,” he concluded.
See also: