Now 
63
 Sun 
66
 Mon 
74
by AUSTIN DENEAN | The National News Desk
TOPICS:
WASHINGTON (TNND) — Only one week remains until Election Day and the presidential campaigns are spreading out across the seven battleground states that will decide who goes to the Oval Office as they try to win every vote they can by Nov. 5.
Former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris have to weigh how to best spend their increasingly limited and valuable time in the final days of the campaign to optimize their reach and secure as much support as possible before next week in a race that is operating on razor-thin margins and could be one of the closest in U.S. history.
The race has been deadlocked within the margin of error on polling for weeks, making it difficult to discern what advantages either candidate has going into the closing stretch. There have also been multiple states that have set records for early voting, highlighting the enthusiasm Americans have for casting a ballot this year.
No polling has been released that gives Trump or Harris holding a firm lead in the final days of the campaign. In FiveThirtyEight’s polling averages of the seven swing states that will decide the election, neither candidate holds more than a two-point lead, indicating the results could go in either direction.
The tightness of the race further emphasizes the importance of getting the messaging right in the final week of the campaign as Trump and Harris try to persuade a shrinking sliver of undecided Americans to vote for them and turn out their bases.
There is also a delicate balance of determining where to have the candidates spend their very limited time remaining until Nov. 5 in a race that will likely be decided in the margins.
“You have to look at your internal polling and get with your staff and just figure out strategically what are the states and where are the places you need to shore up. It depends on what kind of strategy you have,” said David Cohen, a professor a political science professor and director of the University of Akron’s Applied Politics program.
The vice president’s final week will start in the nation’s capital on Tuesday night where she will give a high-profile speech from the Ellipse, where Trump spoke to his supporters before the Jan. 6 riot at the Capitol in 2021. In her speech, she is expected to ask Americans to see a contrast between what a Harris administration would offer compared to a second Trump term.
On Wednesday, Harris will go to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania and Raleigh, North Carolina before heading to Madison for a rally and concert at the University of Wisconsin. She is planning to be in Arizona and Nevada later in the week, capping off a blitz of swing state appearances in the closing stretch. Her campaign is also sending vice-presidential nominee Tim Walz and other surrogates to swing states for rallies and get-out-the-vote drives.
Trump is also spreading across swing states this week with rallies planned in Allentown, Pennsylvania, Rocky Mount, North Carolina and in Green Bay, Wisconsin with former Packers quarterback Brett Favre. He will also be in Nevada and Milwaukee later in the week but is also planning stops in blue-leaning states in the closing stretch with events planned in New Mexico and Virginia.
Republican vice-presidential nominee JD Vance is blitzing swing states in the closing stretch with multiple stops in Michigan and Pennsylvania, an event in Las Vegas, and a rally in Madison.
Both campaigns made stops over the weekend in states they are highly unlikely to win in, with Trump holding a rally at Madison Square Garden in New York and Harris holding an event in Houston with Beyoncé. The events are unlikely to make a noticeable shift in either state’s voting totals but drew significant attention that the campaigns hoped would reach swing state voters.
Trump’s event at Madison Square Garden — which has drawn fierce blowback over comments about Puerto Rico made by a comedian that the campaign has tried to minimize — was aimed at his core base of supporters in speeches filled with familiar themes to his presidential campaigns. Harris has been more focused on trying to draw support from as many groups of voters as possible from typical Democratic voters to independents and even Republicans that do not want to vote for Trump.
“For Trump, it's get out the vote. For Harris, it's both persuasion — getting those last few undecideds — and also rallying the base,” Cohen said. “People think of this as an either-or. For a good campaign, it's always about persuasion and getting out the vote.”