ByAstrid Taran
As one of the world’s most recognizable cities, Paris is certainly never wanting for visitors. Francophiles descend upon the City of Light each year, taking in its unparalleled museums, nightlife, culinary scene and historic districts (known as “arrondissements”). Yet despite its centuries-long mainstay on the global stage, this city continues to delight and surprise. Its hotel scene in particular is ever evolving, with historic properties in a constant state of renewal and buzzy new boutiques seemingly opening every month. The best hotels in Paris are reflective of the Parisian experience itself, showcasing the creative heartbeat of the city in their décor, architecture, food and wellness offerings.
There’s options for every type of traveler here, whether you’re seeking a rendezvous with history at the city’s most renowned properties, like Ritz Paris, or hoping to get a peek at the evolution of the Parisian hotel scene at buzzy newcomers like Maison Proust and Hôtel Dame Des Arts. With so many options to choose from, we went ahead and narrowed down the best of the best, based on multiple trips and stays. Whether you’re planning a trip to Paris this year for the 2024 Olympics or just for pleasure, read on to discover the can’t-miss properties that will make your getaway truly magnifique.
Lobby at Le Bristol.
A landmark of Parisian hospitality, Le Bristol has been a must-stay destination for discerning travelers since opening its doors in 1925. Socialites, celebrities, politicians and even royals have all checked in here, taking advantage of the property’s ideal location in the historical heart of Paris, right near the Arc de Triomphe and Champs-Élysée. Decked out with crystal chandeliers, marble floors, Versailles-style furniture and 17th-century antique tapestries, guests who stay at Le Bristol should prepare for a taste of true French grandeur. Yet despite its opulence, the hotel still gives off an air of modern elegance, with 190 rooms and suites joined by a galleried glass hall and separated by a classic French-style garden.
Some of the city’s most acclaimed restaurants can be found at Le Bristol, including Chef Eric Frechon's Epicure, which boasts three Michelin stars, and the more casual 114 Faubourg, which received one Michelin star. If your taste buds are crying out for more, there’s also an on-site mill and bakery, a chocolate factory, a cheese cave, a wine cellar and the recently introduced pasta laboratory, Il Pastificio, where handmade pasta is made each day in eight traditional sizes and shapes. Make sure to wind down at the recently redesigned spa, Le Spa Le Bristol—which features treatments using beloved beauty brands La Prairie, Tata Harper, KOS, and Bonpoint (for children)—and make sure to request of the fourteen Signature Suites, all of which were recently redesigned from top to toe.
Parisian Suite at Four Seasons Hotel George V.
With its impeccable service and grand entryway, it’s no surprise that Four Seasons Hotel George V is widely considered one of the city’s most iconic hotels. Aside from its terrace—which features views of the Eiffel Tower—and its opulent Louis XV-style furnishings, it holds the distinction of being the first European hotel to have five Michelin stars under one roof. Tables at its three restaurants, including fine dining favorite Le Cinq, are constantly in demand by locals and visitors alike.
Despite its accolades, this grand dame of the Champs-Élysée is refreshingly down to earth, and truly rolls the red carpet out for families with children. The hotel’s thoughtful "Precious Little Moments" package provides children with a completely personalized stay from the second they check in. Delights include a family-friendly afternoon tea, Tartine et Chocolat bed linens and a plush toy of Little George, the hotel’s mascot. For parents who want a night out on the town, babysitting is available with a 24 hour notice, and young ones are also welcomed guests in any of the on-site restaurants.
Exterior of Hotel Rochechouart.
Just steps from the iconic Moulin Rouge, Pigalle was once a neighborhood best known for its late night debauchery. Today, that same cheerful mischief and merriment is alive and well at Hotel Rochechouart, the hip reincarnation of a hotel that was one of the most popular neighborhood haunts of the Roaring Twenties. 106 rooms highlight this property’s storied Art Deco past, with suspension lamps and tiled bathrooms. Some northern-facing rooms even boast views of the Sacré Coeur (but you can also get a great view from the rooftop bar).
There’s always action happening here, which makes it a great choice for younger travelers who don’t mind a little late night noise. The hotel’s ground floor brasserie is not to be missed, with locals crowding it every night in search of Parisian classics like chicken liver pâté and the beloved crêpe cake for dessert. The property is also walking distance from plenty of cafés and shops, as well as performance venues like La Cigale and Le Trianon. And with room rates coming in at under $200 a night during the off-season, it offers great value for a true Parisian experience.
La Cour Jardin Restaurant at Hotel Plaza Athenee.
Fashion lovers will want to check in at Hotel Plaza Athénée, which boasts one of the best shopping addresses in Paris on the prestigious Avenue Montaigne, home to the Galleries Lafayette as well as several major haute-couture brands, including the flagship Dior, a partner of the hotel. Fans of The Devil Wears Prada and Sex and the City will feel right at home here: the hotel was featured in the popular 2006 film starring Anne Hathaway and Meryl Streep, and the balcony rooms at the front of the hotel were made famous by Carrie Bradshaw in a scene from the infamous HBO show’s sixth season.
After a day of shopping ‘til your drop, relax in one of the property’s Louis XVI and Art Deco-style rooms, then savor a meal at the on-site 3-star Michelin restaurant, Alain Ducasse au Plaza Athénée. Don’t miss an opportunity to decompress in the property’s impressively deep tubs made of light marble, and for a special twist, make sure to book a facial at the hotel’s on-site Dior Institute spa. Upon arrival, guests are asked to choose a Dior scent to be diffused into their treatment room, making you feel like you’re living in a perfume commercial.
Belle Étoile suite terrace at Le Meurice.
Everyone comes to Paris to experience beauty, but even the most discerning aesthete is sure to be blown away by a stay at Le Meurice. Pablo Picasso famously hosted his wedding banquet here, while Salvador Dalí was a frequent guest; modern-day bold-named frequenters include Beyoncé and Justin Bieber. Sitting right off the Tuileries Garden and just steps from the Louvre, this iconic property offers a prime location near one of the world’s most beautiful museums while also being a must-see destination for art and design lovers itself.
Designed by Philippe and Ara Starck, guests can feast their eyes on copper-rimmed mirrors, original Eero Saarinen Tulip chairs and sumptuous silks and velvets. Garnier Thiebaut linens can be found on each bed, while bathrooms include Italian marble flooring and, in suites, deep soaking tubs. In the evenings, snag a table at Michelin-starred Restaurant Le Meurice Alain Ducasse (or enjoy some of his chocolates in your room), then kick back in a deep leather armchair with a cocktail and live jazz at the legendary Bar 228.
Suite at Ritz Paris.
One of the most renowned names on the Parisian hotel scene, Ritz Paris has been the crown jewel of city hotels since it opened its doors in 1898. The grande dame has hosted numerous bold names throughout history, from F. Scott Fitzgerald to Audrey Hepburn, and was once the residence of Coco Chanel, who lived in Suite No. 307 from 1937 until her death in 1971. Those who check in at the Ritz will be treated to palatial grandeur right in one of the city’s most famous squares, Place Vendôme, with refined service straight out of the Gilded Age and the sort of deep-pocketed clientele that prefer to see rather than be seen.
With décor spanning the Baroque to the Belle Époque, every floor of this property feels like stepping back in time, and each room is decorated with sumptuous touches, from velvet curtains to marble bathrooms and gilded frames. But the tony interiors and storied guest list aren’t the only thing that makes the Ritz a must-stay for history buffs: a tipple at the iconic, on-site Bar Hemingway, considered one of the best bars in the world and named after once frequent guest Ernest, is non-negotiable.
Library at Maison Souquet.
Paris may have a reputation for romance, but one hotel stands above the rest when it comes to setting the scene for l’amour. The sultry Maison Souquet is bound to seduce any pair of lovers with its luscious velvet interiors, palette of mauve and plum and intoxicating aromas of rose, jasmine and tobacco. Drawing inspiration from its former life as a maison close (upscale brothel), the property—just a short walk from the iconic Moulin Rouge—has been reincarnated as one of the city’s most sensual hideaways. Its Arabian and Napoleonic design tickles the senses with Moorish tiling, turquoise mosaics and, yes, plenty of nude portraiture.
Comprised of just 20 rooms, your experience here will be hushed and intimate, leaving you time to unwind in your room, complete with soft bedding, moody lighting and walls embossed in imported silk. Ultimate relaxation calls for an indulgent bath in your marble bathroom, using top of the line Hermés products. When morning comes, tear away from your sweetheart just long enough to invite the sun in from your French windows. No request is too laborious for the concierge service to take care of, and room service can be enjoyed both in-room and at the on-site bar.
© 2022 VRX Studios
This luxe mansion perched near the Seine was once the home of Prince Roland Bonaparte, nephew of Napoleon, and hosted many gatherings of artists, academics and other friends of the French royal. Today it stands as one of the finest hotels in Paris, with a superb location just a few blocks from the Place du Tocadero, Avenue Montaigne and the Champs-Elysées, not to mention a position directly across the river from the Eiffel Tower. If views of the iconic tower are what you’re here for, it doesn’t get more prime than this: 40 percent of the rooms and 60 percent of the suites at the property feature views of The Iron Lady, with many of the 36 suites featuring a private balcony that allows you to wake up to a picture-perfect Parisian panorama.
Throughout the hotel, ornate décor is subtly blended with the hotel group’s Asian influence. The lobby’s grand staircase makes a weighty first impression, and the building’s facade, crafted by the same sculptors who modeled the Louvre, is designed in the Louis XIV style, bringing the palatial theme full circle. Kick back at Chi, the hotel’s luxe spa offering Asian-inspired holistic treatments, and don’t miss out on dining at the on-site Shang Palace, a haute cuisine institution that has the distinction of being the first Michelin-starred Chinese fine dining restaurant in France.
The Spa at Maison Proust.
Located in Le Marais, a neighborhood sprinkled with cobblestone streets and cozy cafés, this intimate 23-room boutique is a taste of la vie Bohème, the Bohemian life, in a district known for its literary history. Its rooms and suites sit across six themed floors, all of which are inspired by Claude Monet, Émile Zola and other bold-named authors and artists of the Gilded Age. The lampshades in each room are, quite literally, open books, designed to shine light out of passages from the hotel’s namesake author Marcel Proust’s In Search of Lost Time. No detail is left unexamined, from the bold patterned wallpaper to velvet banquettes and plush bedrooms highlighted with polished wood. After a day of exploration, the private bar in the ground floor salon slings up cocktails named after Proust’s most famous works.
While the hotel itself may transport you to the days of the Belle Époque, head downstairs for the real star of the show: a Moorish spa complete with a marble hammam, sapphire blue pool and three treatment suites. Majestic columns covered in traditional geometric tiles will greet you as you walk down a colorful pathway crowned by ornate lanterns, with Orient-inspired fragrances wafting through the space. As if the lavish decoration wasn’t opulent enough, the Salon d’Eau features products from top luxury skincare line La Mer. Because an experience like this calls for true indulgence, high-rollers can book out the entire spa for private use.
Junior suite with terrace at Hotel Dames Des Arts.
A newcomer to the Parisian hotel scene, Hotel Dames Des Arts opened earlier this year right in the heart of the city’s Latin Quarter, one of the artistic heartbeats of the city and the former stomping ground of legends like Pablo Picasso and Henry Miller. In an ode to its surroundings, the property incorporates the area’s artistic energy into its 109 rooms, all featuring original pieces from local artists, not to mention a bespoke typeface used across all menus and merchandise and named after beloved filmmaker Jean-Luc Godard, a native of the Left Bank.
In fact, those who check in here will feel like you’ve stepped right into a film from the celebrated French New Wave. Earth-toned fabrics, eye-popping prints and shelves stuffed with film books provide a hip but welcoming atmosphere that feels trendy but thoughtful. Rooms are compact, which is to be expected in such a central location, but still offer natural light, plush bedding and a window-shaped desk in case you feel inspired to write the next great novel. Don’t miss an evening sipping cocktails on the hotel’s popular rooftop, which has bragging rights to panoramic views of the Sacré Coeur and La Défense in the distance; lines can get long, but hotel guests are prioritized.
The Forbes Vetted travel team has researched, written and published dozens of hotel guides featuring cities across the globe. The travel section is overseen by Vetted’s senior travel editor, Astrid Taran, a 7-year industry veteran who’s visited over 35 countries. The writer of each of our hotel roundups is handpicked based on their area of expertise, whether they are area locals or avid travelers who have visited the destination frequently—and all have bylines in other reputable travel publications. Further, this story is regularly checked to ensure that all prices and information are as current as possible. It was last updated in February 2024.
I have covered travel for almost a full decade as both a writer and editor. Along with extensively writing about hotels and airlines, I have also written multiple destination guides as well as long-form features on luxury travel, adventure travel, wellness travel and more. As a lifelong New Yorker, I always feel happiest in an urban setting, and my favorite thing to do while traveling is to take in the art, culture and culinary gems of a new city. Paris is one of my favorite cities in the world and a destination I always find myself returning to. I have visited the city numerous times and stayed at multiple properties on this list. Currently, I am the Senior Travel Editor at Forbes Vetted, where I oversee all things hotels, cruises and travel accessories. You can read more of my Forbes Vetted stories here.