Manage your account
The closing night of the Democratic National Convention is riding a wave of riveting musical performances — at times soulful and moving and at times explosively energetic.
Thursday night's performers have tough acts to follow. And it's a big day — Kamala Harris will officially accept the Democratic presidential nomination.
Although the official schedule hasn't been released, here's what we know about who's going to be performing at the DNC Thursday night:
Pink brought her daughter Willow onstage for an acoustic version of her song "What About Us."
Three backup singers and a guitarist joined the mother-daughter duo, standing in a half circle, each taking turns singing verse lines until the chorus when they joined together to sing "enough is enough. What about us? What about all the times you said you had the answers?"
Pink in the midst of her Summer Carnival Tour, which was in Foxborough, Massachusetts, Wednesday night and will be at Chicago's Soldier Field Saturday.
The Chicks took the stage just after 8 p.m. Thursday night.
Lead singer Natalie Maines stood flanked by sisters Martie Maguire and Emily Strayer. The trio sang together, shifting in and out of harmonies.
Audience cheers rumbled throughout the performance until the trio finished, and the cheers erupted into chants of "USA. USA." as they left the stage.
Formerly known as The Dixie Chicks, the group also performed at the 2020 virtual DNC and has a history of speaking in support of progressive causes.
While Beyoncé's "Freedom" has become the theme song of the Harris campaign, with Queen Bey's approval, but there's been no indication she'll be in Chicago for Thursday night's program.
That hasn't stopped rumors from swirling about an appearance, though.
And White House Political Director Emmy Ruiz leaned into the rumors on X, when she posted a single bee emoji. She quickly followed it up, saying, "sorry guys my 6 year old took my phone."
It doesn't look like the convention will see Taylor Swift. Deadline reported that the pop superstar won't be at the DNC in Chicago.
On The Eras Tour, Swift had shows at London's Wembley Stadium on Monday and Tuesday. She doesn't resume the tour until Oct. 18 at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida.
The program, at the United Center, is scheduled to start at 5:30 p.m. CT.
Coverage varies by network, but the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel is providing a livestream:
This article originally appeared on Milwaukee Journal Sentinel: Who's performing at DNC tonight? Pink is in. Beyoncé, Taylor surprise?