Plus, two Canadian major label stalwarts decide to go indie for the first time.

Billboard Canada Women of the Year is coming up on September 7, and the Woman of the Year has been named: Charlotte Cardin. 

	The Montreal artist is the first Canadian artist to win the prestigious award, joining prior Billboard Women of the Year including Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, Madonna, Billie Eilish, SZA and Karol G.

	Since releasing her second full-length album 99 Nights a year ago, the singer-songwriter has had two EP releases, multiple chart hits, and an international breakthrough that’s brought her from the NBA All-Star game to a gala singing for U.S. President Joe Biden. Now, amidst a world tour that’s brought her all over North America and Europe, she’s entered a new phase of her career — an undeniably global one.





	
	
		
					Related		
	



















	
	
		
					El Rey Theater in Los Angeles to Be Featured in Tony Hawk Video Game		
	



	04/30/2025	







	She talks about it all in a new digital cover story for Billboard Canada.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“Being able to export my music makes me feel so good,“ she says. “It’s even the thing that makes me the happiest. Ever since I was little I wanted to make [music] my career, and it makes me even happier to know that it can do good for other people.”

	When it was released, 99 Nights stayed on the Billboard Canadian Albums chart for 31 weeks. In March, her infectious pop single “Confetti” debuted on the U.S. Billboard Adult Pop Airplay chart, remaining there for 16 weeks. It was one of many singles to also chart on the Billboard Canadian Hot 100. 

	While she primarily sings in English, with her personal-yet-relatable pop music, Cardin is a rare Francophone Quebec artist — taking a path forged by Celine Dion and travelled by artists like Coeur de pirate — to break through in English-speaking Canada and America. 

	The Woman of the Year award will bring her from her Europe tour to Toronto for Billboard Canada Women in Music on September 7, where she will accept the award and sing a special piano-led performance at the ceremony. 

	She’ll keep good company, joining one of the most successful Canadian artists of all time Alanis Morissette, who will accept the Icon Award.

	Other honorees include Jessie Reyez (Trailblazer Award), Jully Black (Impact Award), The Beaches (Group of the Year), LU KALA (Rising Star), Allison Russell (Breakthrough Artist of the Year) and more. 

	There will also be a number of big performances, including from award winners Jully Black, LU KALA, charting Montreal dance-pop artist Rêve, Polaris Prize winning rapper Haviah Mighty and many more. – Richard Trapunski

Two Long-Running Canadian Acts Go Indie

	Call it the Seven Year Itch perhaps? After that long on Sony Nashville, critically-acclaimed award-winning Canadian country star Tenille Townes has left her label in favor of forging ahead as an independent artist. 

	As reported earlier in Billboard, Townes broke the news via an Instagram post on Monday (Aug. 26). It reads, in part: “My Nashville record label and I have parted ways. This is not a sob story, but a story of opportunity. We had a really good run and this is a big shift for me. We haven’t been seeing eye to eye on my music and my path and it’s creatively been a struggle waiting on green lights inside a corporate system that doesn’t make a lot of sense anymore.

	“I want the freedom to write and record a song and be able to get it to you guys, and making this decision means I can do that as I take back ownership of what I create. And that feels liberating and if I’m honest it also feels terrifying.”

	She has long been established as one of Canada’s elite country artists, winning 17 Canadian Country Music Association (CCMA) Awards and two Juno Awards for Best Country Album. Townes has Canadian tour dates in Atlantic Canada and Ontario, Oct. 9-26 and will perform at Rogers Place in Edmonton for the 42nd annual CCMA Awards 2024 CCMA Awards on Sept. 14.

	Townes is the second prominent Canadian act to take the leap from major label to independent status in as many weeks. Saskatoon rockers The Sheepdogs recently split from Warner Music Canada and bought back their catalogue, launching their own label Right On Records, distributed through The Orchard worldwide.

	They marked the occasion with the release of a surprise new five-track EP, Paradise Alone. For the ‘70s rock throwback band, who gained prominence after winning a contest to appear on the cover of Rolling Stone in 2012, it represents a turning point. 

	“We’ve been a band for 20 years, and pretty comfortable with who we are and how we do things. We’ve lasted this long by staying true to ourselves, doing things our way, and not chasing trends,” said bassist Ryan Gullen in a statement, noting that the band already handles their own management, marketing and production. “Acquiring our catalogue and starting our own label is about taking things to the next level. We want to be in the driver’s seat, doing things our way, and maybe even helping other artists do the same. With so much constantly changing, we’re focused on staying true to our approach.” – Kerry Doole
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.