Hey, remember when we were not supposed to listen to people who aren’t climate scientists?
Fannie Mae CEO: Beyoncé is right. Climate change has already hit the housing market—and homeowners aren’t prepared
Two names you’d never expect to hear together: Beyoncé and Fannie Mae. But in her song “YA YA” on her new album, “Cowboy Carter,” she sounds an alarm that’s growing louder in communities across America. “Wildfire burnt his house down/Insurance ain’t gonna pay no Fannie Mae.”
We appreciate that Beyoncé raised this issue. For the record, Fannie Mae would help this man. While we don’t make home loans or collect payments (we buy and back mortgages), we do offer payment relief and other help if disaster strikes our homeowners.
However, Beyoncé has a point: An estimated one in 13 U.S. households are uninsured and two-thirds are underinsured. This means that millions of families have limited or no protection against growing climate-related risks, such as wildfires and other disasters.
For housing, climate change is a today problem. Each year since 2021, the U.S. has averaged 22 natural disasters with damage exceeding $1 billion. Last year brought 28. In the 1980s, the average was three per year. Forecasters already project this year’s Atlantic hurricane season will be “extremely active,” with the most storms since 1995.
So, we’re supposed to listen to a woman with no college degree, who has her own massive carbon footprint. The average American’s is 16 tons per year. Beyonce/JayZ had 9.5 million pounds from their 144 fossil fueled flights in 2023 alone. This doesn’t cover all the concerts, fossil fueled vehicles, mansions, and so forth.
That 2023 had more natural disasters exceeding $1 billion is just one event, especially when property, housing, and buildings are way more expensive. Now, if this happens year after year after year it would create a track record. But, it still cannot prove anthropogenic causation. Just that the world has warmed. And the last person we need to listen to is a pop star who didn’t even write the lyrics who was virtue signaling then flies back to her mansion.


If you liked my post, feel free to subscribe to my rss feeds.
 

Good grief!
Biden, in his interview with CNN, claimed the polls are wrong and Americans struggling with inflation have more cash in their pockets, saying: ‘They have the money to spend.’
Beyond clueless. 
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-13398351/Biden-blasted-clueless-claiming-Americans-money-inflation.html

#Trump2024
Bwaha! Lolgf 
“22 per year since 2021, 3 per year in the 80s”. Did these people get by 8th grade? As said above, there’s more people and structures, and the structures cost more, in the way of whatever hits. Nothing to do with “climate change”, which is why monetary damage is a terrible metric to use measure the effects. I’d ask so if Katrina had hit New Orleans in, say, 1650 and damages were in the tens of thousands of dollars, would that mean it was a weak storm? Scary what some of the answers would be…
If you actually examine her music with a critical ear you will understand it is manufactured and marginally talented. Unlike many of the greats from the 50’s, 60’s and 70’s in another generation she will be forgotten.
Celebrity advertisers do all sorts of things, with the money behind them knowing that people really do pay attention to what celebs say. 
And quite frankly, this one’s true: a lot of Americans are underinsured, because who doesn’t hate paying for insurance, something you hope you will never use?
Let’s face it: insurance is a racket. If you get a mortgage to buy a house in a flood plain, you will be required to buy flood insurance, and flood insurance is hideously expensive. An acquaintance of ours had over $6000 in damage from the May 2021 flood, but the only flood insurance she could afford had a $10,000 deductible, so it did her no good. And over the five years she had owned the house, she had paid about $6,000 in flood insurance premiums. Flood insurance is worth it only if it completely destroys the house!
We live in a designated flood plain, but the worst flood in recorded history, topping the previous record set in 1929 by a foot, destroyed our heat pump system, but did not damage the house at all. We didn’t have flood insurance, because we bought the place with cash, but what we would have paid for flood insurance for the seven years we owned the place at the time was more than it cost to replace the heat pump!
Are we taking a chance? Yes, but it’s a reasonable one. We do have regulat homeowner’s insurance for other things.
Celebs sell all sorts of things. Air Jordans don’t make you play like Michael Jordan, and now Nike is developing Caitlyn Clark basketball shoes; a lot of players have shoe contracts, and now that Miss Clark has one, the other WNBA players are combitching because the (not so) cute white girl got the shoe contract while the mostly black players weren’t getting them. Of the few WNBA players who have gotten shoe deals in the past, many have been white — Elena Delle Donne, Diana Taurasi, Rebecca Lobo, Sabrina Ionescu, are examples. 
There are some black WNBA players who’ve gotten shoe deals, but not in proportion to their representation in the league. 
Of course, the basketball shoes don’t make the wearer a better basketball player, so .  .  .  .
I can’t hum even a single line of any Beyonce Knowles-Carter song.  According to the author, Fannie Mae CEO, Priscilla Almodovar (her parents from Puerto Rico!!) of the piece she has the line, “Wildfire burnt his house down/Insurance ain’t gonna pay no Fannie Mae” from the song Ya Ya in her recently released C&W album, “Cowboy Carter”. 
Does that really qualify as advice as described by William Teach?? 
Anyway, ask Floridians if homeowners insurance is a problem.  We’ve had two days of flooding, tornadoes and windstorms here in MO.  OK has had tornadoes this past week.  Texas has had severe flashflooding this month.  Tennis ball size hail in MO, TN, KY yesterday.  Speaking of Stormy weather… 
BTW, she has lead writer credit on Ya Ya.  William Teach:  the last person we need to listen to is a pop star who didn’t even write the lyrics 
Teach whined:  a woman with no college degree
LOL.  Teach also refuses to listen to women OR men with PhD’s in climatology, physics etc.  The Fannie Mae CEO does have a college degree and seems to understand somewhat, a little bit, insurance and financing the homes of poor Americans.
BTW, “Cowboy Carter” has record sales, and Beyonce Knowles-Carter and her entrepreneur hubby Jay-Z are worth $3 BILLION.  Unlike other NY entrepreneurs, the Carters were not given $419 MILLION by their fathers and neither were millionaires by the age of 8.
Good Grief !!
Teach used to take advice from professor Roy Spencer of UA Huntsville who was one of the leading climate change deniers and who often appeared in posts by Mr Teach.
But since he  now says that all the increase in temps since 1995 have been caused by humans, we never hear from that professor any more
All posts here are my views. None represent my employer. If ye can prove me wrong, so be it. Ye can rant and rave at me, but be mostly polite to any other commentors. I will put up with quite a bit, but be mostly respectful to others.
NOTICE In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C., section 107, some material on this web site is provided without permission from the copyright owner, only for purposes of criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship and research under the "fair use" provisions of federal copyright laws. These materials may not be distributed further, except for "fair use" non-profit educational purposes, without permission of the copyright owner. 
Pirate's Cove by Pirate's Cove is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
 Pirate's Cove
				is powered by Pure Neocon Pirate Evil. Oh, and 
				WordPress 6.8.1.
				Delivered to you in 1.030 seconds.