Her game day style is so back.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

While arm candy boyfriend Travis Kelce kicks off the NFL season in his usual Chiefs uniform, Taylor Swift is cheering him on from the stands in a twist on her WAG (that's "wives and girlfriends") uniform.
Swift showed up early to the season opener at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City on Thursday, September 5, in the opposite of a football jersey and athletic shorts. Still, she was ready to score style points. Swift was wearing the double denim trend in the form of a jean Versace corset top and matching, teeny tiny jean shorts by Grlfrnd. (Clever!) The coordinating set featured a deep scoop neckline (for the top) and a high-rise waistband (for the bottoms). Also present: a subtle update to Swift's signature red lipstick, in a light burgundy shade.
Taylor Swift arrived at Arrowhead Stadium in a denim corset and thigh-high red boots.
Swift's accessories were also a departure from the pieces emblazoned with 87, Kelce's jersey number, last season. She pulled on a pair of burgundy thigh-high boots by Giuseppe Zanotti—a clever nod to both the Chiefs' colors and a rising fall color trend—and carried a tiny Louis Vuitton trunk bag. An exaggerated For Future Reference vintage coin necklace shimmered around her neck, complemented by Lizzie Mandler bracelets and a Howl Jewelry ring. For Future Reference's team confirmed via Instagram that Swift's longtime stylist, Joseph Cassell Falconer, put the look together.
Swift watched the Chiefs game alongside the Kelce family and close friends.
It's been just over a year since Taylor Swift first appeared in the stands to cheer on her boyfriend. Over the course of the 2023 season, Swift opted for more overt references to her newfound favorite NFL team: patchwork Chiefs jackets, yellow-and-red plaids, and even "Kelce" jerseys were all part of her repertoire. Swift also worked in some high fashion pieces with a sidelines upgrade, in the form of bespoke, golden Chiefs jewelry and bedazzled Judith Leiber football bags.
Swift's outfit is a denim-coated call-out to her Super Bowl outfit back in February. A few months ago, she watched the Chiefs clinch their biggest victory of the season in a black corset top and ripped black jeans.
Taylor Swift's latest Chiefs game outfit is a departure from her usual WAG style.
Corset tops haven't only been a part of her fangirl outfits. Swift's Tortured Poets Department-era fashion has included several corset tops and dresses, ranging from an EB Denim dress for a VMAs after party in September 2023 to several cinched-in dresses and skirt suits by Vivienne Westwood for the post-release promo cycle.
A few months prior, Swift wore a black corset top and black jeans for the Super Bowl.
Swift must have been studying fall denim trends on her break from the Eras Tour. Denim-on-denim outfits are both a runway favorite and a celebrity-approved styling move, as seen on peers from Beyoncé to Lana del Rey.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Swift's, of course, is game-day ready—and likely the first of several Chiefs-coded outfits fans will see this fall. After all, she's taking an active role in the team this season. In between shopping for game day outfits, Swift has reportedly been writing up football plays for her boyfriend's team.
Editor's note: This post will be updated with additional outfit credits as they become available.
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


She never misses.


With a corporate twist.


This runway look is unlike any other.


It's made for twirling—and daily life.


She's lapping the street style competition in looks we all can shop.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


It also comes from an insider-favorite Adidas collaborator.


I can't resist following their lead.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.