Taylor Swift seemed close to tears as she opened up about the aftermath of Kanye West infamously interrupting her award win.
The two musicians have been caught in a bitter feud for years, with the drama all starting at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards. Taylor had just won the Best Female Video award for the music video for her song You Belong with Me.
As she was about to give her speech, Kanye stormed the stage and declared Beyoncé should have won as she had "one of the best videos of all time". Taylor was then asked about the incident on the red carpet, with the clip resurfacing in the brand new docuseries Taylor Swift Vs Scooter Braun: Bad Blood.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift fans convinced there'll be a huge announcement at tonight's Wembley show
In the interview, Taylor admitted: "I was really excited because I had just won the award and then I was really excited because Kanye West was on the stage. And then I wasn't so excited anymore after that."
The interviewer asked if Taylor had been a fan of Kanye before the incident. She briefly paused before confessing: "Yeah. It's Kanye West." Rolling Stones journalist Brittany Spanos reacted to Taylor's comments in the documentary.
She said: "It makes sense that there's this extra level of, oh no, a hero of mine doesn't think I deserve this award." Taylor has previously opened up about the impact her feud with Kanye and his ex-wife Kim Kardashian has had on her.
In a candid chat with TIME Magazine, Taylor disclosed: "That took me down psychologically to a place I've never been before. I moved to a foreign country. I didn't leave a rental house for a year. I was afraid to get on phone calls."
Taylor Swift Vs Scooter Braun: Bad Blood features interviews with fans, journalists and lawyers as they dive into the feud between Taylor and Scooter Braun. Taylor's representatives have shared a statement about the docuseries.
They said: "Taylor has completely moved on from this saga and has turned what started out as an extreme situation into one of the most fulfilling creative endeavours of her life. None of these men will ever be able to take away from Taylor's legacy as a songwriter, singer, director, philanthropist, and advocate for artists’ rights."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.