Is Bey groundbreaking or cynical?
Beyoncé's new album comes out March 29.
Beyoncé continues to keep making history.
“Texas Hold ‘Em,” the newest single from her upcoming album, Act II (set for release on Friday, March 29), hit number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, the UK Singles chart, and the Hot Country Songs chart. This makes her the first Black female artist ever to hold all those positions at the same time. 
“Texas Hold ‘Em" made its debut on Super Bowl Sunday, along with another Beyoncé single, “16 Carriages.” With both songs being more in the country vein (It’s reported that the rest of Act II will be country-themed), it’s gotten people talking about the Houston-born, global pop star’s latest musical detour.
Beyoncé has previously dabbled in country music. Her Lemonade album included the bumping country track “Daddy Issues.” (She later remixed the song with country stars The Chicks.) She also performed a version of her hit “Irreplaceable” with country pop duo Sugarland, who were covering it at their live shows, at the 2007 American Music Awards.
Country backlashWhile “Texas Hold 'Em” has received love from fans and critics (Dolly Parton even gave her stamp of approval by congratulating Beyoncé for her success), Beyoncé going full cowgirl has gotten backlash from hardcore country enthusiasts. And it’s not just country fans showing their displeasure on social media. Conservative commentator Candace Owens said the artist was “Beyoncé-fying country music.” A country radio station in Oklahoma caught a lot of flak after rejecting a fan’s request to hear “Texas Hold 'Em.”
The backlash isn’t surprising to more progressive country fans like Austin resident David Wrangler, who spins country tunes as DJ Disko Cowboy and owns the Vinyl Ranch music/apparel brand. 
“If you get on social media and you look at comments,” Wrangler said, “I think it’s kind of a reflection of everything else you see, where it’s like a vocal minority is the loudest and the people that wanna dump on anything that doesn’t fit into their categorical shell that they put on something that they love or identify with. If it doesn’t fit that mold, then they immediately want to reject it.”
While there have been successful Black artists in the country-and-western genre (Charley Pride, Darius Rucker, rapper Cowboy Troy, Mickey Guyton), any country music (or country music performers) that doesn’t fit the usual mold of being conservative, patriotic, or just plain lily-white usually has a hard time being accepted by mainstream country audience listeners. (Remember when Lil Nas X almost had a number-one country hit with “Old Town Road”?)
 Wrangler does wonder if these purists will release the same vitriol when Post Malone’s upcoming country album drops. “I’m curious to see if people are gonna challenge a Post Malone number-one country hit the same way they challenge a Beyoncé country hit,” he said.
Tapping a new revenue stream?Country folks aren’t the only ones having a negative reaction. Raleigh-based, Black-entertainment publicist Gabriel Rich sees Beyoncé's country pivot as nothing more than a cash grab.
“Many [Black] artists have done country music: Little Richard, Fats Domino, Stevie Wonder, Sister Rosetta Tharpe, the Commodores, etc,” Rich said. “But the difference is they were just expanding their music boundaries. All were tapping into their roots. Bey, on the other hand, is simply trying to tap into a new revenue stream. After years of making so-so R&B, that genre has all but dried up for her financially. Her music doesn't sell. She doesn't dominate contemporary R&B radio, either. So, she's just going where the money is.” 
Needless to say, Rich isn’t a big fan of “Texas Hold 'Em.” “All the artists I mentioned that made country music never insulted the genre with a wack song,” he said. “Notice the song Beyoncé did. There's a reason for skepticism by the country music world, and for anyone that's been paying attention to Bey over the years.”
Rich has a point about Beyoncé's declining sales. Her 2022 album Renaissance recorded some of the lowest sales of her career at 1 million units sold, according to an article on Boardroom.tv. In contrast, her 2016 album Lemonade has sales of 3 million. Both Dangerously In Love and I Am Sasha Fierce have 6 million in certified sales, but they were released in 2003 and 2008, respectively. On the other hand, her 2023 Renaissance tour sold more than 2.7 million tickets and grossed almost $580 million, including over 123,000 tickets in Houston, according to Pollstar. 
Other Black-music lovers don’t view Beyoncé's new music quite as cynically. Marcus “Mista GoodBar” Lynn, who hosts the R&B radio show The Remedy on KPFT 90.1 FM, appreciates Beyoncé's willingness to go beyond Black and pop music. 
“I fully support not being boxed in by societal norms and labels,” Lynn said. “Having the freedom to extend her creativity, she encourages others to do the same, and also helps to create an environment where that is encouraged and even nurtured.”
Not the first timeIt seems that whenever Beyoncé dips her toes in another musical genre, some of that genre’s audience get a little salty. People in the EDM community got a bit critical when her last album, the dance/disco-heavy Renaissance, won Grammys for Best Dance/Electronic Album and Best Dance/Electronic Recording.
Other moves Beyoncé has made indicate she has an ongoing interest in the intersection of country music and the Black experience. As evidenced by the debut of her Ivy Park Rodeo streetwear collection in 2021, Beyoncé has been on a mission to salute all Black cowboys and cowgirls past and present, especially those from her neck of the woods. 
“I grew up going to the Houston rodeo every year,” she told Harper’s Bazaar in 2021. “One of my inspirations came from the overlooked history of the American Black cowboy. Many of them were originally called cowhands, who experienced great discrimination and were often forced to work with the worst, most temperamental horses. They took their talents and formed the Soul Circuit. Through time, these Black rodeos showcased incredible performers and helped us reclaim our place in Western history and culture.”
Hopefully, Beyoncé fully embracing her country side will bring more awareness to not just the Black country artists of the past but also the Black country artists of today. (“Texas Hold 'Em” does include banjo and viola work from Rhiannon Giddens, from the country/bluegrass/blues collective the Carolina Chocolate Drops.)
According to Wrangler, these artists are not that difficult to find. He said, “I think that if anyone does a very quick Google search on the history of country music, its ties to bluegrass, its ties to enslaved peoples’ music – all of those things you can find in a two-minute scrub of YouTube.” 
The coolest of cats
Scott Gertner, one of the most prominent figures in Houston’s music and nightlife scenes, has unexpectedly passed away.
A brief statement by the musician’s family did not share a cause of death. It thanked people for their condolences, asked for privacy, and stated that funeral details would be shared soon. 
Gertner was, without hyperbole, the coolest of cats. As a multi-talented, thrice-Grammy-nominated musician and singer, no one could resist his soulful stylings. As a nightclub owner, he knew how to open up the right spots at the right time. Before its closure in 2010, Scott Gertner’s Skybar was Montrose’s jazz temple in the sky, where people could check out live music while gazing at the stars. (Skybar also attracted celebs like Luther Vandross, Steve Harvey, and Shaquille O’Neal, so the stars weren’t just in the sky.) A decade later, he opened up Scott Gertner’s Rhythm Room on Memorial Dr., luring people in with live grooves and a mouth-watering menu.
In my previous life as a nightlife reporter, Gertner was the person I usually contacted whenever I needed intel on jazz clubs in the city. (I also believe that, during one of these sitdowns, I surprised him one day with a 12-inch single he recorded in the late ‘80s for CBS Records, a lost item I picked up at a nearby record store.) 
But I know I’m not the only person who has sparkling memories featuring Gertner. I reached out to a few friends and asked them what they’ll remember the most about the late, great, swaggerific impresario:
T.J. Callahan, film critic/radio personality: “We had many fantastic CBS Radio Houston Christmas parties at the Skybar. Scott was always the most gracious host and fun performer.
“Also, two of my close friends went to high school at HSPVA with Scott. They are all musicians. During our college years, Scott was playing at the old Ruggles on lower Westheimer, back when everyone cruised that area on the weekends. Every time we passed by the restaurant, my friends and I would scream ‘Gertner’ out the car window, like he was going to hear us and come out and say hi. Hey, we were 18. The boys were so excited Scott had a real gig.”
Russell V. Guess, music producer/former Skybar bartender: “When I tell you I wouldn’t know half the people I know — I wouldn’t have made a good deal of the money I’ve made in my life — and not have had many of the experiences (too many!) that made me who I am if not for this man, it isn’t an exaggeration at all.
“But there’s so much more to remember about the guy. A true artist, bandleader, music lover, and businessman. I soaked up so much game about music and nightlife, a course more valuable than any class I could’ve taken. To know him personally was a privilege not to be taken lightly; he’d hit you with that smile that always said everything his words didn’t. Always the encourager, he supported me in and outside the nightlife. Even after I stopped working for him, we’d still text each other on our birthdays since they were 11 days apart. I was always welcome wherever his venue was located and, if he was there, that smile and a hug was soon to follow.”
Mark Towns, jazz guitarist: “One of the first times I heard Scott play was back in the heyday of Cody’s, when he was on bass and vocals with Paul English’s incredible band. That group was something special — Paul on piano, Kirk Whalum and Johnny Torres on saxophones, and Scott bringing his unique energy and voice to the mix. The vibe was electric at those shows. 
“Later, Scott held down Wednesday nights at Cody’s in the Village, and those nights became legendary. It was the hottest night of the week, and, as the story goes, Scott was making more money that one night than the club owner was making all week. That’s the kind of draw and charisma he had.
“From there, Scott opened the Skybar at the original Cody’s location on Montrose, and I was honored when he hired my Flamenco Jazz trio to play a Wednesday night series there, sponsored by The Wave radio station. We alternated Wednesdays with Joe Carmouche’s excellent trio — great times. He also was the gracious host for the CD release party for my first album, Flamenco Jazz Latino, at Skybar. 
“Back in the late 1980s, way before Skybar and those Village Cody’s Wednesdays, Scott and I played together at the legendary Blues Jam with Ardis Turner (RIP) at Live Bait on Greenbriar — me on guitar and Scott on bass. Too bad there are no recordings of that. We had some wild jams.
“There was a weird kind of synchronicity with Scott — I’d run into him all over Houston, at all hours, in the most random places. It happened often. The last time I saw Scott was at the Rhythm Room last year. We ended up talking for a long while. He was extremely interested in hearing details about some health issues that I had firsthand knowledge about. 
“Scott was a great singer, a great guitarist, a great bassist, and a powerful presence on stage and off. As a performer, a businessman, a leader, and a cultural force, Scott Gertner enriched Houston’s music world. I’m grateful our paths crossed.”