The documentary premieres Friday (April 26). 

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Call Me Country: Beyoncé & Nashville’s Renaissance arrives via Max on Friday (April 26). 

	Produced by CNN Flash Docs, the documentary examines the “impact of how high-profile artists like Lil Nas X and Beyoncé are challenging the country music status quo” and highlights how Black artists in Nashville “laid the foundation for this transformation,” according to a press release.

Call Me Country will feature commentary from country artists like Rhiannon Giddens, who played banjo on Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold ‘Em,” Brothers Osborne’s John and T.J. Osborne, Rissi Palmer, Aaron Vance and Denitia along with culture and country music experts: Touré, Larisha Paul, Chris Molanphy, Kyle Coroneos, Keith Hill, and Holly G. and Tanner D, Co-Directors of the Black Opry.




			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					beyonce		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Read on for ways to stream the documentary for free.

	










Call Me Country will begin streaming on Friday, exclusively on Max. 

	As one of the larger streaming platforms for documentaries, reality TV, movies, live news, sports and other entertainment, Max has a range of exclusive content, in addition to programs from HBO, CNN, HGTV, TLC, TMC, Food Network and other cable networks. 

	How much does Max cost? Join for $9.99 per month, or subscribe to the annual plan ($99) to save 20% off. Max is also available through on streaming platforms such as DirecTV, Hulu and Prime Video. 

	Viewers streaming internationally can use ExpressVPN for access to streaming platforms from outside of the U.S.. 

	Can you get a free trial to Max? Unfortunately, Max does not offer a free trial, but you can stream free episodes of Quiet on the Set: The Dark Side of Kids TV, Game of Thrones and House of the Dragon. 

	The best way to land a free trial would be to go through a third party to stream Call Me Country for free. Click here for ways to secure a free subscription to Max.

	Watch the trailer for Call Me Country below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.