Bette Midler has bluntly revealed where her allegiances lie in this US election, seemingly vowing to drink drain cleaner if Donald Trump wins.
The Hollywood legend, 78, shared a snap to Twitter/X that showed the insides of her fridge. A bottle of Korbel champagne had a post-it note reading “Kamala wins” taped to it, while a bottle of Drano drain-unblocker had a note with “Trump wins” inscribed. Should Midler make good on her promise of a chemical quaff, the likelihood is she’ll end up in A&E.
Drano contains the poisonous substance sodium hydroxide, which can have life-threatening consequences. “Sodium hydroxide is corrosive to all body tissues and concentrated vapours cause serious damage to the eyes and respiratory system,” according to the National Library of Medicine.
“Ingestion of sodium hydroxide, which occurs frequently in children, can cause severe necrosis, with stricture of the oesophagus and death," it added.
Midler has a history of anti-Trump messages, putting out a very clear message earlier this year about the election. “Undecided?” she asked on X. “The difference between Harris and Trump is not the difference between having the salmon or having the trout, it’s like the difference between having the trout or the cyanide!”
The Hocus Pocus star also made a near-the-knuckle joke about the Republican candidate appearing to simulate oral sex at a recent rally.
Posting to her two million followers, she tweeted: "I saw Trump simulating a b--- j-- on his microphone yesterday! UGH! Looks like somebody’s getting ready to try to win the popular vote…in prison!"
Midler joins a long list of A-listers who have thrown their support behind Kamala Harris and her Democrat crew. Stars such as Taylor Swift, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry and Beyoncé have all publicly thrown their support behind Harris.
For the latest breaking news and stories from across the globe from the Daily Star, sign up for our newsletters.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.