The veteran singer-songwriter personally allowed the Harris-Walz campaign to use the track.
 Neil Young is rockin' with Tim Walz.

 The enduring singer-songwriter personally approved the vice presidential candidate's use of his song "Rockin' in the Free World" on the campaign trail, a representative for Young confirmed to Entertainment Weekly. The song blasted as Walz departed the stage at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago on Wednesday night.

 The track, which comes from Young's 1989 album Freedom, has been a source of political contention in prior presidential campaigns. When Donald Trump officially announced his campaign in 2015, he used "Rockin'" as his walkout song — which prompted Young's team to issue a statement alleging that the Apprentice star did not have authorization to use the song. 

Chelsea Lauren/WireImage
 Later, Young, who supported Bernie Sanders in the 2016 election but could not vote due to his Canadian citizenship, reversed his position. "The fact that I said I was for Bernie Sanders and then [Trump] didn't ask me to use 'Rockin' in the Free World' doesn't mean that he can't use it," he told Reuters, noting that the campaign actually did obtain a license to use the song. "I got nothing against him. You know, once the music goes out, everybody can use it for anything."

 However, the musician shifted gears again after Trump played "Rockin'" and other Young tracks during his 2020 campaign. Young first disapproved of the then-president's use of "Rockin'" and "Like a Hurricane" at a Fourth of July event at Mount Rushmore, writing "This is NOT ok with me" on social media. 

 Young then filed a lawsuit against the Trump campaign for playing "Rockin'" and "Devil's Sidewalk" at a rally in Tulsa, Okla., alleging copyright infringement and noting in his filing that he "in good conscience cannot allow his music to be used as a 'theme song' for a divisive, un-American campaign of ignorance and hate," according to The New York Times. Young dropped the lawsuit in December 2020, after Trump lost the election.

 Young also used his discography as a bargaining chip during a dispute with Spotify, ultimately pulling his catalog from the streaming service in protest of its support of controversial podcaster Joe Rogan in 2022.

Al Drago/Getty
 Walz's social media history suggests that he's a voracious listener of '70s and '80s rock, with posts flaunting vinyl hauls that include Genesis, Warren Zevon, Steve Winwood, and the Moody Blues, as well as John Cougar-Mellencamp and Bob Seger.

 He also still listens to 8-track tapes by the Cars, and has signed bills and proclamations declaring statewide celebrations of musicians like Taylor Swift, Bruce Springsteen, Beyoncé, and Prince as governor of Minnesota. And upon Walz's selection as Kamala Harris' running mate, Beto O'Rourke recalled extended conversations with the governor about Bob Dylan, the Replacements, and Hüsker Dü.

 Pop music has been a defining facet of the 2024 DNC, with DJ Cassidy playing a number of state-specific songs during Tuesday night's rollicking roll call that also included a performance by Lil Jon. Stevie Wonder, John Legend, Sheila E, Common, Maren Morris, Patti LaBelle, Jason Isbell, and Mickey Guyton also delivered musical performances during the first three nights of the convention.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)