The 'Vultures' sequel, originally slated for a March 8 release, is now said to arrive May 3. 

								By 

	Thania Garcia


	Kanye, aka Ye, and Ty Dolla $ign have confirmed May 3 as the new release date for “Vultures 2,” the sequel to their Billboard 200-topping album. The album, originally slated for a March 8 release, will include the pre-existing “Let Me Chill Out,” a single featuring Rich the Kid and NBA Youngboy and the late Migos member Takeoff. 

	Kanye revealed the “Vultures 2” release date news during a recent appearance on Justin LaBoy’s “The Download” podcast. “Vultures” was announced as a three-part album series with the third volume said to arrive on April 5 though the third volume of the album was not discussed during Kanye and LaBoy’s conversation. 

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			














	
		
					'House of the Dragon' Season 3 Casts Barry Sloane, Tom Cullen, Joplin Sibtain		
			








	Not soon after, Rolling Stone confirmed the inclusion of “Let Me Chill Out” and Takeoff’s verse on the album, describing it as a “highlight track.”  Takeoff, who was shot and killed in 2022, has been only ever been posthumously featured on songs for Quavo’s 2023 album “Rocket Power.” 

	Kanye and Ty Dolla released “Vultures 1” on Feb. 10 via YZY, which debuted atop the Billboard 200, launching its lead single, “Carnival” to No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. The song competed with fresh singles from Beyoncé, and remains at No. 20 on the chart.

	There have been more than a few broken promises when it comes to “Vultures” (including the pair’s disappointing Rolling Loud set). Kanye and Ty Dolla supported the album with various “listening sessions” that were supposed to hit arenas (in Tampa, Fort Lauderdale, Pittsburgh, Nashville, Charlotte and Washington, D.C), but those shows were scrapped within a day or two of first being announced. 

	Kanye has also spoken about possibly releasing the second part of the record solely as a paid download, or through a new and exclusive streaming site, rather than a conventional rollout to DSPs, but only time will tell what “Vultures 2” will actually bring. 
The Business of Entertainment