Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Check off everyone on your list with these cool gift sets filled with Legos, wine, Hollywood-loved skin care, luxury candles and many other surprises. 

							By 

	Danielle Directo-Meston

E-Commerce Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	There’s less than a month until Christmas and the first day of Hanukkah — and only a few days until the 24-day countdown begins. For the Yuletide devotees who love getting showered with daily surprises, some of the best Advent calendars will treat them to everything from luxe candles and Legos to TV-inspired gifts and everything in between. And ahead of the holidays, we’ve rounded up some of the coolest Advent calendars on sale for Black Friday — and we’ve even managed to track down previously sold-out finds.

	No matter your creed, these festive boxes are the ultimate holiday gifting hack: they’re filled with delightful gifts for surprising every type of recipient for weeks, and they save you precious time and money (hello, value sets!) Here, we’ve scoured retailers including Amazon, Anthropologie, Bloomingdale’s (including items on sale) Maisonette, Neiman Marcus, Saks Fifth Avenue, Sephora, Target, Ulta, Williams-Sonoma and beyond to find the something for every taste and budget — yes, including for the luxury lovers in your life.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Celebrity Stylists Love T3's Hair Tools -- But This Is Really Why the New Aire IQ Smart Hair Dryer Is Worth Buying		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					The Best Gifts for Disney Lovers, from Vintage-Inspired Watches to Fine Jewelry		
			








	Whether they’re a beer or wine lover, a luxe beauty buff (there’s a separate list for them here too), a sci-fi superfan, a movie lover or a TV junkie, we’ve rounded up some of the best 12- and 24-day Advent calendars that are truly the gifts that keep on giving. Our picks are filled with Hollywood-loved skin care, Legos, wine, Marvel superheroes, candles, gourmet treats and much more, so we’ve organized our list into popular categories such as the best Advent calendars for kids, beauty lovers, foodies and more.
		Open 24 days of Disney characters and accessories, including Elsa, Tiana, Ariel, Mirabel, Pua, Sven and more with this 253-piece Lego Advent calendar.	
		Behind each tiny door is a charming Pixar character, including heroes from Toy Story, Wall-E, The Incredibles and other beloved films.	
		Await Sandy Claws’ arrival with this 38-page Nightmare Before Christmas pop-up book Advent calendar, which ensures that readers won’t tire of the same old thing with hidden doors to discover. Behind them are removable ornaments to hang on the book’s pop-up tree, and along the way you’ll learn fun facts about Halloween Town and its festive citizens.	
		No need to worry about fragilé gifts with this Advent calendar for A Christmas Story fans, who’ll open up 24 days of cute figurines inspired by Ralphie’s holiday shenanigans (including a leg lamp that won’t break).	
 Gilmore Girls devotees will open 25 surprises ranging from magnets, stickers, keychains, buttons and more gifts that pay homage to Stars Hallow institutions such as Luke’s, The Dragonfly Inn and more of Lorelai and Rory’s favorite spots.	
		Open 25 days of Friends-inspired souvenirs, ornaments, holiday trinkets and more with this Advent calendar for superfans of the ’90s sitcom. You might want to pair it with the complete series DVD collection or the Lego Central Perk building kit for the ultimate gift set for Friends fans.	
		Whether they’re a Stranger Things superfan or a Polin stan, YuMe’s Netflix 2024 Advent calendar will have them counting down to Christmas or Hanukkah with gifts inspired by Bridgerton, One Piece, Squid Gme and more of the streamer’s top titles.	
		Indulge in daily nostalgia with Byers’ Choice’s classic wooden Christmas tree Advent calendar filled with 24 old-school goodies, such as retro toys and sweet treats.	
 Disney lovers can count down the 12 days to Christmas with this adorable Advent calendar filled with Wishables plushes.Plus, save an extra 25 percent with code MICKEY.Related: The Best Gifts for Disney Lovers 
		Stationery enthusiasts (like Taylor Swift and Chris Pine) will be delighted at the note cards, washi tapes, sticky notes and other chic desk essentials in Papier’s Advent calendar.	
 Star Wars fans and Lego lovers clearly have no shortage of Advent calendars this year. This 368-piece Lego Star Wars 2024 Advent calendar includes 24 days of buildable goodies, including holiday editions of Luke Skywalker and Princess Leia, Ahsoka Tano, mini versions of the Millennium Falcon and Jabba’s Sail Barge and more.	
		Remind yourself (or your recipient) to relax with this 12-day self-care Advent calendar filled with crystals. Alongside stones like clear quartz, calcite, peach moonstone, citrine, black tourmaline and more, the set also comes with a guide to crystals and inspirational daily messages.	
		Game fanatics will have fun opening a dozen 80-piece puzzles illustrated by artist Louise Cunningham in this whimsical Merry & Bright Advent calendar.	
		Funko Pop! is a fan favorite for its whimsical Advent calendars and holiday exclusives across the pop culture multiverse. From The Office and Nightmare Before Christmas to Harry Potter, the pop culture brand’s Marvel-themed gift box will surprise you with up to 24 charming vinyl figurines of your favorite characters.	
		Great Scott, how is it already the holiday season? Playmobil’s Back to the Future Advent calendar features the beloved film’s iconic clock tower, which is filled with 24 surprises ranging from adorable figurines of Marty McFly and Doc Brown to character accessories and other movie mementos.	
		Foster appreciation for cultures around the world with this 24-day Advent calendar for kids.	
		Twenty-four days of adorable Elf on the Shelf surprises await with this Sweet Spinners Advent calendar for fans of the charming holiday helper.	
		Meri Meri’s adorable Fairy Mushroom Advent calendar brings holiday magic to kids who love to exercise their imaginations. This 24-day set contains paper fairies and printed wooden pieces for little ones to create their own festive scenes. (Eco-conscious parents will appreciate the plastic-free gift.)	
		This Super Mario Advent calendar is for every Nintendo fan. It comes with a total of 24 holiday-themed treats, including festive Mario and Luigi figurines and more.	
		While Barbiecore is in full force in fashion, there’s even more in store in this Barbie Color Reveal Advent calendar, which comes with one doll and 25 days of whimsical accessories including outfits, pets, doll hair extensions and more. (Paris Hilton is a fan of gifting Barbie Advent calendars.)	
		Build-A-Bear’s adorable Build-A-Bear Merry Mission Advent calendar contains six mini plushes and 19 pieces of clothing and accessories behind each door.	
		Pint-sized (or grown-up) jewelry lovers will love opening this trés chic Advent calendar from French macaron maker Laduree and Meri Meri. Over 24 days of enamel charms and cotton tassels are hidden in this hexagon-shaped gift set that can be reused as a jewelry box. Earn bonus points when you pair it with the patisserie’s sweet treats.	
		This adorable (and reusable) pony farm Advent calendar by Hape will make every day a fun adventure. Each door contains a new figurine to add to the corral and bring the charming scene to life.	
		Lego’s charming Friends characters get into the festive season in this 272-piece Advent calendar with Olivia, Santa and his reindeer, a present-filled sleigh and more Lego mini builds.	
		Budding geologists and paleontologists can crack open 24 days of minerals, fossils and rocks with National Geographic’s Advent calendar.	
		The magical Wizarding World gets miniature in this Lego Harry Potter 2024 Advent calendar, which is filled with characters and surprises for every house, including figurines of Harry Potter, Moaning Myrtle, Neville Longbottom and even he who shall not be named. 	
		Bluey, Bingo, mom and dad are all here (plus other holiday surprises) in Amazon’s exclusive 24-day Bluey Classic Christmas Advent calendar.	
		One of the best Advent calendars for Lego lovers, this 24-day Lego City Advent calendar features classic holiday characters and mini-figures from the TV series. (Who can resist that tiny Lego tree topper?)	
		Take your tastebuds on a trip to France and unwrap 24 days of treats with Ladurée’s Advent calendar. The Parisian confectioners fill this decadent box with chocolates, calissons, caramels, nougats and jams, so there’s something for every sweet-toothed Francophile.	
		Coffee connoisseurs can wake up to a new roast with Bean Box’s 24-day Advent calendar filled with enough whole beans to fuel a 24-oz. pour-over. 	
		Tony Chocolonely’s 24-day Countdown Calendar contains 10 flavors of fairtrade milk, dark and white chocolate in festive wrapping.	
		Whisky lovers can try 25 delicious wax-sealed dram from distilleries across Scotland.	
		Pop open 24 bottles of wine from around the world with Winery Direct’s It’s the Most Winderful Time of the Year Advent calendar.	
		For the person who never skips their morning toast or the frequent traveler who loves collecting those tiny jam jars, Bonne Maman’s 12-day Advent calendar has a sweet surprise for the days leading up to Christmas.	
		Sugarfina’s 24 Tastes of Christmas Advent calendar will delight your sweet tooth with 24 days of chocolate-covered cookie dough, sparkle pops, peppermint bark bites, sugar-covered snowman gummies and more.	
		Start (or end) your December days with a decadent dessert from Harry & David’s Advent calendar filled with the food retailer’s bestsellers, such as Moose Munch popcorn, Mesa Verde trail mix, pepper and onion relish, missed nuts, fuirt mis, smoked summer sausage and more.	
		Those with a sweet tooth for gourmet treats will love Magno Chocolates’ 24-day Advent calendar with ethically-sourced cacoa from Colombia. Flavors include Tumaco milk chocolate topped with creamy pistachio and crispy knafeh, Sierra Nevada dark chocolate with berry cheesecake, Tumaco and Huila white chocolate covered with freeze-dried berries and caramelized macadamias and other delectable small-batch sweets.	
		One of the best Advent calendars for meat lovers, Man Crates’ jerky advent calendar lets carnivores chow down on festive flavors ranging from root beer habanero to garlic beef and more.	
		Among the best chocolate advent calendars is Godiva’s holiday gift set, which contains a variety of 24 delicious morsels of milk, dark and white chocolates in festive shapes (like Santa, a snowman, a penguin and more).	
		A holiday favorite of Oprah Winfrey and a gifting go-to among stars, studios and organizations (David and Victoria Beckham, Netflix and the Oscars, to name a few) Compartés’ gourmet chocolate Advent calendar almost look too chic to eat.	
		Tea lovers can enjoy a new blend for 24 days with Palais Des Thés’ Advent calendar. It makes the perfect gift with a ceramic mug (or a high-tech cup), and it comes with flavors ranging from Scandinavian detox tea and Chinese black tea, to French garden tea with floral and fruity notes, to name a few.	
		The holidays can be a stressful time, which is why you might want to stock up on Molly J.’s Advent calendar filled with fruity gumdrops. Stay chill all season with these gluten-free organic treats that contain L-theanine, magnesium cirate and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) for “taking the edge off,” per the brand. (Use code JINGLE25 for 25 percent off.)	
		Woodford Reserve’s Advent calendar features eight days of classic cocktail mixers and bitters for mixing up festive drinks.	
		For the folks who love baked goods, this Advent calendar from Wolferman’s will surprise their taste buds with daily treats such as cranberry citrus English muffins, Belgian waffles, apple-cranberry scones, cinnamon swirls and even caramel pecan coffee.	
		One of the best wine Advent calendars is In Good Taste’s set of 24 mini bottles. Vino lovers can sample wines from Spain, California, France, Italy and beyond, including rosés, sauvignon blanc, malbecs, pinot noirs and more. Save $20 off during the pre-sale; calendars ship in November.	
		Nipyata’s holiday offerings include this booze-filled Advent Calendar that’s stocked with 12 50-milliliter bottles (such as Tito’s vodka, Kahlua coffee liqueur, Jack Daniels and Jim Beam whiskey, Bacardi gold rum and more) for fueling your festivities.	
		Whether they’re into English, New England, West Coast or Belgian IPA (to name just a handful), this 12-day craft beer Advent calendar will treat recipients to a dozen of the highest-rated options from the U.S.’ best breweries. If they have a different grown-up drink of choice, Give Them Beer also offers other Advent calendars with whiskey, liquor, hard seltzer, sparkling wine and more.	
		Ten 14-karat gold vermeil or silver surprises are tucked away in Awe Inspired’s 2024 Advent calendar — think the Cosmic Eye coin and Fortuna pendants, a white enamel chain for white topaz double marquis earrings, a chic silk scarf, a travel jewelry case and more goodies.	
		London-based jewelry label Astrid & Mayu’s 12-day Advent calendar contains 18-karat gold- or rhodium-plated sterling silver accessories, including pavé hoops, a crystal ear cuff, an opal charm bracelet, pearl and crystal studs and charm huggies and more, plus a $70 voucher to spend online or in stores. (Jessica Alba, Georgia May Jagger and Whitney Port have worn Astrid & Mayu.)	
		Gift 12 days of luxurious personalized jewelry with Abbot Lyon’s Made More You Advent calendar (available in gold and silver options) that birthstone and initial pendants, bracelets and more pieces that can be customized. Seal the deal with their name on the front.	
		Accouterments aficionados can add something to their festive ear party every day until Christmas when they open a drawer in Sterling Forever’s 24-day Advent calendar. From delicate chain hoops and gold-plated pave bar studs to threader earrings and 14-karat gold-plated chunky ear cuffs, this jewelry gift set has something for all accessory lovers.	
		Known for its affordable-yet-luxe pieces (and direct-to-consumer approach to retail), Quince’s 12 Days of Jewelry Advent calendar houses $670 to $1,475 worth of accessories in 14-karat gold or 18-karat gold vermeil, such as bracelets, necklaces and earrings finished with sparkling AAA white sapphires, freshwater cultured pearls, white topaz stones and more.	
		This Advent calendar by Happy Socks features 24 pairs in colorful and festive prints and shades, all made of organic combed cotton.	
		Give them 12 days of stylish surprises in 14-karat solid gold, standard gold or silver with Missoma’s jewelry Advent calendar. (Selena Gomez, Bella Hadid, Hailey Bieber, Kim Kardashian and Emma Watson are just a few stars who’ve worn the label.)	
		Though technically not an Advent calendar, this four-piece Dior Beauty gift set contains mini perfumes, lipstick and skin-care to delight anyone who adores the French luxury house.	
		Valued at $322, Benefit’s Gorgeous Grocer Advent calendar (which previously sold out and is now back in stock at Ulta) ensures a holiday filled with travel-friendly makeup surprises. The holiday gift set includes mini and “fun size” versions of its Porefessional Pore Minimizing Primer, Badgal Bang! Volumizing Mascara, They’re Real! Magnet Mascara, Gimme Brow+ Tinted Volumizing Brow Gel, Hoola Matte Bronzer, 24-Hr. Brow Setter Clear Eyebrow Gel and more.	
		Treat their dry skin to moisture all season long with this Open for Advent-Ure gift set with 24 Kiehl’s cleansers, face masks, serums, moisturizers and more skin care favorites.	
		Self-care enthusiasts can enjoy daily spa moments all month when they open Sabon’s beautiful 31-day Advent calendar filled with decadent skincare, bath goodies and body products in full and travel sizes.	
		This 12-day Advent calendar — complete with a disco ball ornament — contains lip glosses, eyeliners, mini mascara, eyeshadows and other shimmering surprises from Ulta’s JoyBright beauty line.	
		Good hair days await inside Philip B.’s 12-day Advent calendar with full and mini sizes of the peppermint avocado shampoo and conditioner, rejuvenating oil, hydrating detangler and more best-selling hair care products.	
		Try not to open everything in Beauty Pie’s Super Beauty Holiday Haul — which comes with 12 skin-care surprises in a luxe silver makeup bag — all at once.	
		Charming nail care brand Le Mini Macaron’s 12 Days of Nails brings glossy manicures (complete with festive stickers) to beauty lovers.	
		Makeup mavens will love Hollywood makeup artist-turned-beauty entrepreneur Charlotte Tilbury’s decadent Advent calendar, which promises 12 skincare and cosmetics bestsellers (such as Charlotte’s Magic Cream, Brow Fix, Magic Lip Oil, Beauty Light Wand and more) valued at over $300, all in a glamorous reusable heart-shaped chest.	
		It doesn’t get any more luxe than La Mer’s The World of La Mer 12-day Advent calendar set filled with the cult-favorite skincare label’s Miracle Broth-infused bestsellers. (Beyoncé, Kim Kardashian and celebrity ambassador Ana De Armas are among those who have raved about the brand.)	
		Lancôme’s exclusive Advent calendar will delight beauty lovers (like new celebrity ambassador Olivia Rodrigo) with 24 surprises, including full-size La Vie Est Belle perfume, Hypnose Drama mascara, L’Absolu Rouge Intimatte (in shade 299), Cils Booster XL mascara primer and Hypnose eyeshadow palette (in 09 Fraicheur Roseé); plus travel sizes of the Lash Idôle and Hypnôse mascaras, Renergie HPN 300-Peptide cream and Lift Multi-Action Night Cream, Absolue soft cream, Tonique Doucer and much more.	
		Alison Brie-repped department retailer Macy’s presents a 12-day Advent calendar filled with luxury beauty counter treats from La Mer, SK-II Lancôme, Cartier, Estee Lauder, Clé de Peau and more best-selling brands.	
		Truly Beauty’s 10-day Advent calendar keeps skin feeling soft (and smelling sweet) all winter with mini sizes of the Acai Your Boobies boob polish, Berry Cheeky and Buns of Glowy butt polishes, Dulce De Leches firming boob and belly serum and more body care.	
		If you’re looking for one of the best beauty Advent calendars for makeup and skin-care lovers who follow all of the latest trends, say no more. Revolve’s 24-day Advent calendar boasts over $539 worth of full- and deluxe-sized products from Charlotte Tilbury, Too Faced, Summer Fridays, Agent Nateur Holi(water), Dr. Barbara Sturm, Olaplex, Ouai, Osea, Stila, Tarte, Tower28, Supergoop! and many, many other cult-favorite brands.	
		Recipients will unwrap over $350 worth of fashion and beauty goodies when they open FabFitFun’s 12-day Advent calendar featuring brands like Fenty, Tower28, Thrive Causements, Adina Eden, Malin + Goetz, Murad and more. (Members get the box for just $89.99.)	
		Although the best-selling Sephora Collection Premium Advent calendar is now sold out, the retailer’s After Advent box contains six skin care treats for counting down to 2025.	
		E.l.f.’s high-performance, budget-friendly beauty products almost never break the bank. The 24 treats in the affordable brand’s Sleigh the Holidays 24-Day Advent calendar add up to $140 in value — and you’ll pay only $95 for more than a dozen full-sized makeup and skin-care items, mini sizes and more.	
		Score $900 worth of mini luxuries with the Bloomingdale’s 25-day beauty Advent calendar filled with beloved brands such as Diptyque, Charlotte Tilbury, Clé de Peau, Creed, Augustinus Bader, Kiehl’s, SK-II, U Beauty, Laura Mercier, La Prairie and many others. (Plus, take $25 off every $200 spent for a limited time.)	
		Known for bringing Schitt’s Creek‘s Rose Apothecary brand to life, New York-based Beekman 1802’s There’s No Place Like Home Advent calendar comes with 24 products valued at over $400, including the brand’s best-selling goat milk soaps and hand creams and skincare. (Refill kits are also available.)	
		For the luxury beauty lover, Augustinus Bader’s 12-day Advent calendar will surprise with mini skin-care favorites — from serums and face masks to hair care and more — infused with the brand’s signature ingredient, TFC8, that supports cellular renewal and moisturizes, protects and nourishes the skin.	
		Not located near Hollywood-beloved skin-care expert Dr. Barbara Sturm? You can still get the #SturmGlow with her luxury Advent calendar, courtesy of the starry skin specialist. The massive box (valued at $1,863) contains two full-sized products (the Hyaluronic Serum and the Super Anti-Aging Serum) plus 22 travel sizes of the Face Cream Rich, Darker Skin Tones Face Cream, Facial Scrub, Glow Cream, Clarifying Mask, cleanser, eye cream and more favorites.	
		There’s nothing like a festive candle to give an air of holiday joy and relaxation. Voluspa’s Advent calendar has 12 days of luxe scents to set the aromatic scene (plus a wick trimmer), with each coconut wax candle offering up to 25 hours of burn time.	
		Candle lovers won’t be disappointed with Diptyque’s limited-edition Advent calendar with 25 festive candles and fragrances to unwrap.	
		Decadent fragrance brand Glasshouse brings its best-selling travel-inspired scents (including  Lost in Amalfi, Devotion, A Tahaa Affair, Midnight in Milan, Kyoto in Bloom and more) to this 24-day Advent calendar.	
		British fragrance brand Penhaligon’s small-batch artisanal perfumes and body products are featured in this 24-day Baker’s Box of Delights Advent calendar. Elisabehan Rose, Halfeti, Lord Georges, Quercus, Roanoke Ivy, Endymion and Galfeti are just a few scents that come in perfumes, body washes, mini soaps, lotions and more.	
		From nail lacquer and fragrances to lipstick and eyeshadows, Dior’s decadent Le 30 Montaigne Advent calendar has something for every fashionable beauty lover.	
		Treat your favorite fragrance collector to this luxurious holiday countdown calendar from Maison Francis Kurkdjian, the celebrity-loved scent house that’s a gifting go-to of Kathy Hilton and many other stars.	
		Astrid & Mayu’s beautifully illustrated lacquered jewelry box contains 9-karat gold white topaz cluster huggies, drop stud earrings, cluster studs and a delicate chain bracelet, plus a $575 voucher for your giftee to create their own personalized Story Chain with charms that speak to them.	
		For the gem lovers who prefer to bling out their Christmas tree, Swarovski’s Annual Edition 2024 Advent calendar will gift them 25 days of sparkling ornaments.	
		London-based fine jewelry brand Lark & Berry’s 12-day Advent calendar comes in four options (The Classic Dial, the Diamond Call, the Luxe Line or the Royal Collection) ranging from $5,429 to a cool $122,293. The limited-edition collection comes in a luxurious personalized box inspired by a classic British phone booth and contains earrings, necklaces, bracelets and more sparkling surprises. Dame Helen Mirren, Billy Porter, Michaela Coel and Lana Condor are among those who have worn Lark & Berry.	
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.