By 
	Karen K. Ho

Senior Writer, ARTnews

	Model, beauty entrepreneur, and reality television star Kendall Jenner recently uploaded photographs on Instagram documenting a recent visit to the Louvre Museum in Paris at midnight while it was closed to the public. She was barefoot, a detail many have highlighted on social media.

	The rich and famous star of Keeping Up with the Kardashians has been in the city of Paris for the past week. In addition to visiting the Louvre, she rode a horse in a Vogue World show and walked around with her boyfriend, Puerto Rican rapper and singer Bad Bunny.

	











	
		Related Articles
	
	











	
		
					Mona Lisa Will Be Moved to Its Own Exhibition Space at Louvre		
			







	
		
					Italy Offers to Take Mona Lisa, Drents Museum's Doors Blown Open and Golden Treasures Stolen: Morning Links for January 27, 2025		
			








	The photos uploaded to Instagram on June 26 show Jenner standing in front of Paolo Veronese’s The Wedding at Cana (1563), the museum’s largest painting; Antonio Canova’s sculpture Psyche Revived by Cupid’s Kiss (1787); a closeup of the painted ceiling of the Galerie d’Apollon; a wide shot of the Greek sculptures and Roman copies in the the Salle des Cariatides; Jenner standing barefoot in front of the Leonardo da Vinci’s Mona Lisa, which is now enclosed in additional plexiglass; and the iconic marble sculpture Venus de Milo from the 2nd century BCE.

	Other celebrities have previously gained special access to the Louvre. The museum worked with Beyoncé for an album launch in 2018, when she and her husband Jay-Z released a video for the song “Apeshit“ to promote the couple’s collaborative album Everything Is Love. Much of the music video was filmed at the institution; the video included dramatic shots of numerous masterpieces from the collection. The museum’s website still features a self-guided tour of the highlights from the “Apeshit” video.

ARTnews has reached out the Louvre for official comment on Jenner’s visit, confirmation of when it took place, and its official policy on visitors wearing shoes.
The World's Premier Art Magazine since 1913. Subscribe today and save!
Sign Up for our Newsletters
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Subscribe to our newsletters below
ARTnews is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Art Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.