Taylor Swift is apparently ruffling feathers in the world of politics, with people assuming she'll back President Joe Biden for re-election.
The Blank Space hitmaker hasn't made any form of public statement yet, but Donald Trump is thought to be convinced she'll back Biden. Trump allegedly claimed in private that he's "more popular" than Taylor and isn't too fussed about her endorsement.
It wouldn't be the first time he'd hit out at Taylor, famously slamming her music after her endorsement of two Tennessee Democrats running during the 2018 midterms. At the time, Trump admitted: "I like Taylor's music about 25 percent less now."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Donald Trump team vow 'holy war' on Taylor Swift over fears she will back Biden
Taylor also took aim at Trump during the 2020 election, accusing him of attempting to "blatantly cheat and put millions of Americans' lives at risk" after revelations about his mail-in voting delay efforts during the global coronavirus pandemic.
People close to Trump and current campaign staff members are reportedly convinced Swift is going to gun for Biden, just like she did in 2020, and there's been conversations with him about the problems it could bring for his campaign, according to Rolling Stone.
Amid this alleged Trump vs Taylor battle, here The Mirror takes a look back at some of Swift's public spats over the years, from Kim Kardashian to her infamous row with Katy Perry.
There's no doubt that Kim's alleged beef with the star came from her ex-husband Kanye West. His track 'Famous' contained the lyrics 'I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex/ Why? I made that b***h famous', which Taylor said caused offence.
Jumping to her husband's defence, Kim shared footage of Kanye getting verbal approval [from Swift] for the reference by phone. Afterwards, Kim posted a Twitter message about snakes, which many assumed was aimed at Taylor.
Speaking to GQ later, Kim accused Taylor of "playing the victim" and said the singer even promised to laugh about the song at the Grammy Awards. However, a spokesperson for Taylor said in a statement: "Taylor does not hold anything against Kim Kardashian as she recognises the pressure Kim must be under and that she is only repeating what she has been told by Kanye West."
"However, that does not change the fact that much of what Kim is saying is incorrect." However, when Taylor launched her Reputation tour in Arizona back in 2016 she decorated the stage on snakes and made a very barbed comment, which many believed was aimed at Kim.
Things first went south between Kanye and Taylor back in 2009 when the rapper publicly humiliated her at the VMAs. When Taylor took to the stage to give her acceptance speech for Best Female Video, Kanye famously stormed the stage to interrupt.
"Yo Taylor, I'm really happy for you, I'll let you finish, but Beyoncé has one of the best videos of all time. One of the best videos of all time!" he said. Ye eventually apologised before doing something similar at the awards in 2015.
It was after the release of Famous Taylor decided she was done, saying at the time: "And I was like, ‘OK, good. We’re back on good terms.’ And then when I heard the song, I was like, ‘I’m done with this. If you want to be on bad terms, let’s be on bad terms, but just be real about it."
They're friends now, but Taylor and Nicki once fell out over the MTV Video Music Awards. The Anaconda singer took to Twitter to complain about her nominations at the awards, writing: "If I was a different 'kind' of artist, Anaconda would be nominated for best choreo and vid of the year as well."
"When the 'other' girls drop a video that breaks records and impacts culture they get that nomination." Taylor, who received a total of nine nods, clearly felt targeted by some of Nicki's cryptic tweets and replied: "I've done nothing but love and support you. It's unlike you to pit women against each other. Maybe one of the men took your slot." Nicki claimed it wasn't directed at her, and all was peaceful again as Taylor invited her on stage at the ceremony weeks after.
This spat went on for four years - and much of it played out in public. According to reports, it all started over allegations the Roar singer 'stole' some of Taylor's back-up dancers for her own tour. Taylor referenced a fallout in a 2015 interview with Rolling Stone, where she said: "For years, I was never sure if we were friends or not."
"She would come up to me at awards shows and say something and walk away, and I would think, 'Are we friends, or did she just give me the harshest insult of my life?' She did something so horrible, I was like, 'Oh, we're just straight-up enemies.' And it wasn't even about a guy! It had to do with business."
"She basically tried to sabotage an entire arena tour. She tried to hire a bunch of people out from under me." Katy then responded to the interview, tweeting: "Watch out for the Regina George in sheep's clothing..." referring to the main villain in comedy Mean Girls played by Rachel McAdams.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.