By JESSICA GREEN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  14:10, 24 September 2024   |  Updated:  09:01, 25 September 2024   
 7
View  comments
Princess Theodora of Greece is finally set to wed her partner Matthew Kumar on September 28, following a four-year delay.
The Greek royal, 41, who was born in London and plays secretary Alison Montgomery in The Bold and the Beautiful, will tie the knot with her LA-based lawyer fiancé at the Metropolitan Cathedral of Athens.
Guests will arrive around 5.30pm to watch the bride walk down the aisle, while on the eve of the big day, the couple will reportedly host a dinner for their loved ones at the Byzantine and Christian Museum in Athens.
The wedding date - which was postponed twice - was said to be picked due to it being close to the wedding anniversary of Theodora's parents, King Constantine and Queen Anne-Marie, who were married on September 18, 1964, in Athens. 
So, as Theodora's special day draws nearer, FEMAIL has delved into all the details about the royal wedding day... 
Princess Theodora of Greece is finally set to wed her partner Matthew Kumar (pictured together) on September 28, following a four-year delay 
Initially, Princess Theodora and her fiancé, who announced their engagement in November 2018, were scheduled to wed on the Greek island of Spetses in 2020.
But the couple - who began dating in 2016 - were forced to put the May 26 event on hold because of the coronavirus pandemic.
Despite not walking down the aisle on the day, Theodora still celebrated with her husband-to-be and she shared a snap of herself with Matthew on Instagram as they dined on Greek salad, olives, bread and cheese and shared a tipple.
As she posted the photo, the Princess wrote: 'On what should have been our wedding weekend - the love and support from friends and family have been so appreciated.  We can’t wait to celebrate with all of you in Greece once it’s safe.'
When the pandemic finally came to an end, Theodora and Matthew set another wedding date - 'early summer' in 2023, in Porto Heli, Greece.
However, just a month after the Greek Royal Household announced the second wedding date, actress Theodora's father, King Constantine of Greece, passed away.
King Constantine, the last King of Greece who was exiled in 1973 when the monarchy was abolished, had five children; Crown Prince Pavlos, Prince Philippos, Princess Alexia, Princess Theodora and Prince Nikolaos.
The exiled king died at the age of 82 in January 2023. As Theodora mourned her father, she postponed her wedding to Matthew for the second time. 
Initially, the couple (pictured), who announced their engagement in November 2018, were scheduled to wed on the Greek island of Spetses in 2020 - until they were forced to put the event on hold because of the coronavirus pandemic
Theodora and Matthew appeared in Windsor in February 2024 when they attended a memorial service for King Constantine
The bride and groom were spotted side-by-side at the memorial service for King Constantine at St George's Chapel in Windsor in February 2024, which saw royals from across Europe in attendance including Queen Camilla, King Felipe of Spain and Queen Letizia.
Two months after her father's death, the princess posted a tribute to him on Instagram which read: 'It’s been two months since you left us. Miss you everyday Papa. Love you.'
Hello! Greece previously reported the bride had planned to wear a gown designed by Celia Kritharioti - a dress she picked out ahead of the original wedding date in 2020. 
Celia is Greece's foremost fashion designer, whose elegant creations are worn by the likes of Beyoncé, Nicole Kidman, Gwyneth Paltrow and Taylor Swift. 
She is the owner of the oldest Greek fashion house, which was established in Athens in 1906, and features at Paris Fashion Week Haute Couture and at London's Harrods.
Although Theodora will not have her father to walk her down the aisle as she showcases her stunning wedding dress for the first time, it is thought her oldest brother Crown Prince Pavlos will perform the role of 'giving away' his younger sister.
While Theodora's choice of tiara hasn't been confirmed ahead of the wedding day, the bride could follow in a long family tradition. The Khedive of Egypt Tiara has long been worn by women in Theodora's family on their wedding days, including by her aunt Queen Margrethe II of Denmark (pictured in 1967)
Margrethe married French diplomat Henri de Laborde de Monpeza at Holmen Church in Copenhagen in 1967
While Theodora's choice of tiara hasn't been confirmed ahead of the wedding day, the bride could follow in a long family tradition. 
The Khedive of Egypt Tiara has long been worn by women in Theodora's family on their wedding days, including by her mother Queen Anne-Marie of Greece, and her aunts Queen Margrethe II of Denmark and Princess Benedikte of Denmark.
It was given to Princess Margaret of Connaught - who married the future King of Sweden, Gustaf VI Adolf - as a wedding present in 1905 by the Khedive, reported Royal Central.
The tiara was created by Cartier and features a laurel wreath-inspired design, which includes diamonds and platinum.
Princess Margaret often wore the tiara before her death in 1920. The tiara then left Sweden when her daughter Princess Ingrid, married Crown Prince Frederik of Denmark.
In October 2021, when Theodora's brother Prince Philippos of Greece married Nina Flohr, the daughter of a billionaire, both Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie (pictured in 2023) were in attendance
Theodora's guest list is tipped to be very star-studded thanks to her showbiz and royal connections, with the bride being the goddaughter of the late Queen, as well as having close ties to both the Danish and Spanish royal families.
Her father King Constantine - who retained his royal title after the abolition of the Greek monarchy in 1973 - was a second cousin of King Charles, and Prince William’s godfather.
Meanwhile, her mother, Queen Anne-Marie is the younger sister of Denmark's Queen Margrethe, making King Frederik her first cousin.
Elsewhere, Theodora's paternal aunt is Queen Sofia, who was Queen of Spain from 1975 to 2014 as the wife of King Juan Carlos I.
In October 2021, when Theodora's brother Prince Philippos of Greece married Nina Flohr, the daughter of a billionaire, both Princess Beatrice and Princess Eugenie were in attendance.
 Famous godmother! The late Queen with her Greek counterpart Anne-Marie at Princess Theodora's christening in London in 1983
King Constantine's son Crown Prince Pavlos and the Greek Royal Family have no official remit, but are still active participants in royal life around Europe.
At the time of her engagement, Theodora announced the happy news on Instagram, saying: 'Words can't express our happiness and excitement. I can't wait to marry this wonderful man. I love you, Matt.'
Her parents separately released a statement saying: 'Their Majesties King Constantine and Queen Anne-Marie are delighted to announce the engagement of their youngest daughter Theodora to Mr Matthew Kumar.
'Further details about the forthcoming wedding will be provided in due course. Mr Matthew Kumar, 34, was born and raised in Southern California to Sam and Lonnie Kumar. He is a practising attorney in Los Angeles.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group