Texans (mostly) left the Grammys empty-handed, but we won big on the red carpet. 
  

        Lauren Castro is Texas Monthly’s social media editor. She is often on the search for a great pun.
      
Awards season is in full swing and, as usual when trophies are involved, you can’t count us out. Seven Texan musical acts were nominated for Grammys this year: Willie Nelson (Best Bluegrass Album), Travis Scott (Best Rap Album), the Black Pumas (Best Rock Performance), Pentatonix (Best Traditional Pop Vocal Album), Edgar Barrera (Songwriter of the Year), Seth Parker Woods (Best Classical Instrument Solo), and Kacey Musgraves (Best Country Duo/Group, alongside Zach Bryan). East Texas native Musgraves won her award, but the rest of the group is coming back to the Lone Star State empty-handed. We’ll get ’em next year. 
But even without a bunch of golden gramophones added to our state’s collective shelves, our style continues to reign supreme. Taking in the red carpet as a whole, it’s clear that a sentiment reflected in our 2024 in/out list has already proven true: this is the year that swagger returns. Within the first few minutes on the red carpet, we spotted celebrities in big dumb hats, country-chic formalwear, and a telltale shade the night’s E! red carpet hosts referred to as “winner’s white.”
The sixty-sixth annual Grammy Awards took place at the Crypto.com Arena (yes, that’s real and scarily meta) in Los Angeles, where the first rare occurrence of the night came by way of nature. Right after the carpet opened, the city experienced dangerous flooding and hurricane-force winds. Despite the literal damper, the stars showed up in their best—many of them hoping to win an award that Beyoncé has won 32 times. 
We’ve long said that if you look hard enough at any situation, you’ll find a Texan somewhere. To find one in the midst of one of the most important moments of the night, we didn’t even have to squint. As Taylor Swift won her fourteenth Grammy and announced her upcoming new album in one fell swoop, she wore a white, corseted strapless gown paired with black gloves, all made by Plano-born fashion designer, and creative director for Schiaparelli, Daniel Roseberry. 
When the stars weren’t wearing Texan clothes, they were doing Texan cosplay. Country chic has had a moment of late, with a perfect example of the trend displayed by Yellowstone actress and country singer Lainey Wilson, who wore an all-black bell bottom suit with gold button detailing and a large black Charlie 1 cowboy hat. Christian singer Lauren Daigle followed suit, with a similar brown hat and boho-style dress. John Osborne, half of country music duo Brothers Osborne, wore a red suit and a cowboy hat. And last but most definitely not least, an icy-blond Beyoncé did her own spin on the trend with a dark, glittery checkered blazer set and—you guessed it—a big white Stetson. 
Beyoncé sitting there like pic.twitter.com/iDn0sX0uV9
Our favorite looks of the night, worn by Texans, below.

      By Lauren Larson

      By Emily McCullar

      By John Spong

      By Lauren Larson

      By Scott Ray

      By Dina Gachman

Subscribe today to view and add comments.
      

        Already have a subscription? Log In.


      By David Courtney

      By Heather Martin

      By Sandi Villarreal

      By Scott Ray

      By Tom Foster

      By John Spong

      By Robert Downen

      By Emily McCullar

      By Joseph Guinto

      By Emily McCullar

        We report on vital issues from politics to education and are the indispensable authority on the Texas scene, covering everything from music to cultural events with insightful recommendations.
      

        Copyright © 2025. All Rights Reserved.