The title of Sabrina Carpenter’s sixth album, “Short n’ Sweet,” describes the record, the artist and the long lasting ache of short but sweet romantic relationships.
The album was released on Aug. 23 and debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 Sept. 7. 
Carpenter joined a plethora of other female artists releasing music this year, such as Charli XCX, Billie Eilish and Beyoncé. More and more artists are blending different genres to create a personalized sound. This album joins this pop renaissance. 
Carpenter opens the album with, “Oh, I leave quite an impression/ Five feet to be exact.” She lives up to her word throughout the entire record. 
On the first track, “Taste,” Carpenter is calling out her ex for getting back with an old flame. Under the surface, Carpenter is pointing out her own pettiness and how she reacted to the situation.
In an interview on The Zane Lowe Show, Carpenter said she intertwined a lot of self-accountability on “Short n’ Sweet.” 
When talking about “Taste” specifically, Carpenter said, “It says a lot about my own character in moments, and mistakes I openly allow myself to make.” Knowing this makes the earworm track all the more enjoyable and admirable.
Listening to “Short n’ Sweet” feels as if you a’re with unfiltered friends during cocktail hour, especially in her songs “Coincidence,” “Bed Chem,” “Slim Pickins” and “Juno.” Throughout the album, Carpenter embraces the humor we saw on “Nonsense” in 2022.
“Coincidence” trades in synth-pop for a guitar-led country sound, a genre she mixes well with pop and R&B on this album. Nevertheless, she is still as honest as ever on “Taste.” 
“Bed Chem,” a song about the desire at the beginning of a new relationship, is unapologetically sensual. It is filled with playful innuendos and a playful beat.
Carpenter took me by surprise with how open she is with her sexuality. 
Sabrina sings, “Said you’re not in my timezone, but you wanna be/ Where art thou? Why not uponeth me?” 
I felt “Slim Pickins” to be one of her funniest tracks on the album. This song cleverly highlights the common disappointments of dating men in a lighthearted and catchy manner.
“This boy doesn’t know the difference between there, their and they are/ Yet he’s naked in my room,” Carpenter sings. 
The sound is reminiscent of Dolly Parton with expressive soprano and plucky guitar, and it pairs perfectly with the fun lyrics.
“Juno,” my favorite on the record, alludes to the 2007 movie “Juno.” It is equal parts whimsical and informal. 
Carpenter’s lyrical humor and bluntness is what makes her album shine. The way she talks about sex is refreshing and incredibly real, which hopefully encourages more open conversations. 
Carpenter grounds “Short n’ Sweet” with more emotionally vulnerable tracks, such as “Sharpest Tool”, “Dumb & Poetic” and “Lie To Girls.”
While “Sharpest Tool” is still humorous and intelligent, it is heavy with disappointment and anger. 
“Dumb & Poetic” is a stripped-back track with vocals that carry a strong feeling of hurt through every bar. In the lyrics, Carpenter is profoundly honest. She illustrates a person who misunderstands art and is emotionally manipulative. 
“You’re so empathetic/ you’d make a great wife/ And I promise the mushrooms aren’t changing your life,” Carpenter sings.
The details within “Dumb & Poetic” makes the track her most vulnerable song on the album. 
“Lie To Girls” points out typical behavior and gender roles within a heteronormative relationship that feel viciously true. 
“It’s lucky for you I’m just like/ My mother (And my sisters)/ All my (All my friends)/ The girl outside the strip club getting her tarot cards read,” Carpenter sings. 
Carpenter implies it is common for women to be blindsided by hope in a relationship, and men can easily take advantage of that.
“Good Graces” and “Don’t Smile” embody R&B and alt-pop. Lyrically, they are a bit repetitive, but the sound of each brings an enjoyable and chill vibe to the record. 
Carpenter has created a sound mixing country, pop, 80’s synth and R&B, distinctive to her and her persona, ultimately leading to one of the most contagious pop albums of the year.
Accessibility Toolbar
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment *
Name * 
Email * 

Cecilia  Sep 7, 2024 at 10:44 am
This rocks!