Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
From a Chanel carryall to sparkling accessories by Hollywood-loved jewelers Jacquie Aiche and Jennifer Meyer, treat her to these stylish pieces.

							By 

	Carol McColgin

Contributing Editor

	All you need is love — and a little something fabulous, whether a splurge-worthy bag or fresh local blooms — to give mom the A-list treatment on Mother’s Day (Sunday, May 12).
		Hermès Les Mains limited-edition Ultraviolet nail polish.	
		Jennifer Meyer 18-karat gold Forever Heart Huggies. Mom-to-be Sofia Richie is a fan of the brand.	
		The Petal Workshop And Just Like That It’s Spring arrangement with dahlias, peonies and other seasonal flowers; $350 to $500, local delivery in Los Angeles.Related: The Best Online Floral Delivery Services for Mother’s Day 
		Gucci tote bag for traveling to the office, the beach and beyond.	
		Tory Burch flower jelly sandal; Naomi Watts steps out in the label.	
		Celine Céleste cologne with citrus notes.	
 Mamma Milano: Lessons From the Motherland about the La Double J fashion house’s female founder J.J. Martin and a visual love letter to Italy.	
		Jacquie Aiche 14-karat gold and pavé diamond “Mama” necklace. Beyoncé wore the jeweler’s pieces during Cowboy Carter’s launch.	
		Skims soft lounge sleep set from Kim Kardashian’s label, available in sizes XXS to 4X.	
		Pucci printed pouch in an archival 1968 marbled motif, ideal for makeup or other essentials.	
		Tiffany & Co. 18-karat gold Elsa Peretti letter pendant offers a personal touch.	
		Chanel gradient lambskin bag from the Spring Summer 2024 collection. Penélope Cruz is a face of the label; price upon request, at select Chanel boutiques.	
		Irene Neuwirth Gemmy Gem tourmaline and kunzite ring in 18-karat gold. America Ferrera wore Barbie pink gems by the jeweler during the film’s press tour.	

This story first appeared in the April 24 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. Click here to subscribe.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					The 20+ Best DC Comics Gifts That Justice League Superfans Want for the Holidays		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Amazon's Premium Watch Sale Promises up to 56 Percent off Throughout Prime Day		
			







Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.