Topping the list of Miami must-do’s: cruising Ocean Drive in a convertible, sipping a cafe-cito in Little Havana, strolling the Vizcaya gardens and discovering Bal Harbour Shops. 
The latter is a retail rite of passage in the 305. The luxurious open-air mall is arrayed with more than 100 European and American designer boutiques and eight sceney restaurants. Habitués such as Beyoncé, Kim Kardashian, Eva Longoria, Cindy Crawford, Martha Stewart, Pharrell and Leonardo DiCaprio are frequently seen toting shopping bags or dining at Carpaccio and Makoto. 
From the beginning, Bal Harbour Shops was a daring endeavor. Nestled between the Atlantic and Biscayne Bay in residential Bal Harbour Village, it was built on the site of World War II army barracks. Instead of the popular covered, air-conditioned malls of the day, Stanley Whitman built a street of shops open to the sky; landscaped the middle with lush plantings and fountains; and sheltered the parking lot with hundreds of coconut palms. 
But it was the all-upscale tenant mix — like dress salon Martha and toy emporium FAO Schwarz — that made it a South Florida sensation.
In 1971, Whitman convinced Neiman Marcus to open its first store outside of Texas. Five years later, in moved Saks Fifth Avenue. Many European brands, such as Courrèges, Dana Cote d’Azur and Gucci, inaugurated their buzzy boutiques starting in the ’70s. A second level was added in 1982 to meet demand. Clad in baroque-printed silks, Gianni and Donatella Versace partied at their celebrity-studded store opening in 1991. Next year, the palm-fringed shopping oasis on Collins Avenue will mark its 60th anniversary with a series of elegant events and parties. 
“Throughout 2025, our yearlong celebration will unfold with many delightful surprises, designed to create fond memories for everyone who visits the Shops,” says Matthew Whitman Lazenby, the fourth-generation owner of the family business founded by his grandfather. “Our vision was then — as it is now — to create unique, meaningful experiences and special places that endure.” 
The initiatives are designed to be playful, whether they involve whimsical horticultural sculptures or all-you-can-eat sweet treats. “Our anniversary programming will include two annual favorites: Fleurs de Ville, showcasing fresh floral fashion-themed mannequins throughout the Shops, and the Ice Cream We Love fundraiser, to benefit Holtz Children’s Hospital,” Lazenby tells Alexa. “Both provide immersive, engaging experiences that showcase our dedication to the community and to providing original content events.” 
There will also be private brand experiences in the Access Suite, the private lounge for rewards program members (no minimum spend required). A Ferragamo pre-spring 2025 showcase on January 25 and 26, for instance, will highlight the house’s made-to-order bag and luggage program. Access will also host shopping presentations like What to Pack for the Bahamas in partnership with Bal Harbour magazine. 
The high fashion and jewelry destination continues to add to its prestigious store assortment, which rivals that of the Avenue Montaigne in Paris. This year, Loewe and Silvia Tcherassi opened boutiques, while Brunello Cucinelli is adding another level to its cashmere emporium in 2025. 
The following year, Tiffany will toast its expanded two-story flagship by architect Peter Marino. The Shops are already said to crown the list of the world’s most productive shopping centers based on sales per square foot. Soon, that area will increase. In 2026, an additional 35 stores will open in a gleaming new wing. 
“I am humbled to be a steward of this enterprise 60 years later, as it evolves and adapts so as to be best positioned for the 60 years ahead,” says Lazenby. “We’re looking forward to making 2025 a year of unforgettable experiences and enduring memories for everyone who visits Bal Harbour Shops.