“I have a vote, like everyone else, and I will use it to move forward. I will vote for Kamala Harris.” For a few hours, Harrison Ford, one of the icons of Hollywood, …
Written by: Jack Williams
Published on: November 5, 2024
“I have a vote, like everyone else, and I will use it to move forward. I will vote for Kamala Harris.” For a few hours, Harrison Ford, one of the icons of Hollywood, has also been added to the list of stars who are taking a position on the American presidential elections. The face of the Indiana Jones and Star Wars saga explained that he is worried about the stability of democracy and the lack of respect for the law. “When dozens of former members of the Trump administration raise the alarm by saying ‘for heaven’s sake, don’t let him come back again,’ he explained, you need to pay attention. They are telling us something important. These are not weak people, they are governors, generals who oppose the leader of the party they have spent their lives for and believe in the rule of law.” “The other guy – he added, referring to Donald Trump – asks for loyalty without question, he says he seeks revenge”. Hence the appeal to vote for Kamala Harris.
From Beyoncé to Jennifer Lopez, from Julia Roberts to George Clooney, from Taylor Swift to Leonardo di Caprio via Arnold Schwarzenegger and Robert De Niro, the list of big names who have decided to come out in favor of the Democratic candidate grows longer. The wave confirms the predominance of liberal culture in Hollywood and in the American music and creative industries. Nothing new.


 Although Trump also has several heavyweights from the music industry and beyond on his side, from Kayne West to rapper Sexyy Red, from country music star Jason Aldean to the controversial Kid Rock. But will show biz endorsements really have any weight or, as often happens, will the silent majority prevail over every suggestion from the big names?
		
Jack Williams
Jack Williams established himself as the editor-in-chief of The Vermilion with rigorous journalistic traits and an incessant quest for truth. His career began as an investigative reporter, where he quickly gained a reputation for his in-depth research and insightful articles.

Williams takes his role at The Vermilion very seriously. Since he became editor-in-chief, he has set an editorial line based on impartiality, factual accuracy, and context relevance; this has established The Vermilion as a reference for political, economic, and global news.

Under his leadership, the media continues its mission of reporting news with accuracy and equanimity, giving a voice to those who are often overlooked by large-scale media. Jack dedicates himself to fulfilling this mandate with passion, rigour, and unwavering determination.
 
 
 

The disturbing prophecy on the AI: this profession will disappear completely
May 3, 2025May 3, 2025
 
 
 
 

“No to Putin’s truce”. And causes on the parade of 9 May
May 3, 2025May 3, 2025
 
 
 
 

A Soviet satellite will fall on earth: when it will start the return and what the risks are
May 3, 2025May 3, 2025
 
 
 
 

It is crazy criminalize the millions of votes for the AFD
May 3, 2025May 3, 2025
 
 
 
 

Google Maps, eye on the date that erases this data: what you need to do
May 3, 2025May 3, 2025
 

Previous
Next