The stars were out in force at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, with artists including Katy Perry and Lenny Kravitz performing. 
Perry picked up the equivalent of a lifetime achievement prize after performing a career-spanning medley. 
However, Taylor Swift was the main winner, earning seven new VMAs and overtaking Beyoncé as the event's biggest ever winner. 
Other award winners included the event's host Megan Thee Stallion, Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Blackpink's Lisa.
TV presenter Davina McCall says going back to work is "like the final piece of the jigsaw."
The BBC's Daniela Relph takes a look at the Duchess of Sussex's new lifestyle series, 'With love, Meghan'.
Baker is the first person to win four Oscars for one film, including Best Director.
The Greenock-born actor says that despite liking life in the US, nothing beats his hometown.
James Bye, aka Martin Fowler, came to a tragic end in the soap's special 40th anniversary live episode.
Conclave and Shogun took the top honours in film and TV while Jane Fonda accepted a lifetime achievement award
The actors who play Ian, Cindy, Tracey and Alfie glance back through 40 years of TV history.
The Afrobeats star also wins the award for best international act, at the ceremony held in Newcastle.
Papal drama Conclave and immigration epic The Brutalist came away as big winners on the British film industry's biggest night.
Actor and TV presenter Warwick Davis has received this year's Bafta fellowship - the British Academy's highest honour.
This video has been removed for rights reasons.

Traitors finalist Alexander Dragonetti tells the BBC he's "incredibly grateful" after people donated more than £70,000 to Mencap.
Author Helen Fielding on bringing her heroine to a Gen Z audience, and whether Bridget's Darcy is based on the PM.
Singer and actress Marianne Faithfull has died at the age of 78, her spokesperson has said.
The third series of The Traitors has come to its nail-biting conclusion. 
Charlotte's fake accent, Linda's head turn and other memorable moments from this year's The Traitors.
From a Mormon choir to Beyoncé, watch and listen to The Star-Spangled Banner performed since 1961.
Actress Cameron Diaz says the decade she spent in retirement was "the best 10 years" of her life.
The beloved children’s TV character busted out his viral dance moves to close BBC Newsday.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.