By
			
			Jennifer O'Brien		

It seems like everyone these days has a podcast. But it was surprising to discover that Madison Brown has decided to jump on the podcast train. Maddie kept her distance from her Sister Wives fame and family. Viewers haven’t seen her share her life on the series that much, especially after her mother divorced Kody Brown. Now, Madison is looking to make a jump back onto center stage, but will she talk about her family drama or keep everything copacetic? 
A post shared by The Authentic Society (@authenticsocietypodcast)
Janelle Brown’s daughter shared some big news via her Instagram this week. Madison revealed that she would be launching her very own podcast. In a message to fans, she wrote, “Big news, friends! The Authentic Society Podcast is coming! This has been something we have loved working on, and we are so excited to share it with you—creating a place to dive into the raw, real sides of womanhood, friendships, marriage, faith, and the relationships that shape us.”
Maddie added, “We’re not here to gloss over the hard stuff or throw out perfect solutions; instead, we’re unpacking real stories, sharing laughs, and learning together. Can’t wait to have you join us on this journey!” The podcast will launch on Monday, November 4th. And it will be on Spotify and YouTube. Maddie and her co-host, Jayme Langley, have already dropped a few teasers. One chat talks about being asked about having children as a woman, with Maddie sharing, “You can’t win.” Another clip showed Maddie sharing that her father had opinions when she announced she would be living with her husband before marriage. 
A post shared by The Authentic Society (@authenticsocietypodcast)
In the clip, viewers heard Maddie’s answer to whether or not she “test drove” marriage before saying, “I do.” The Sister Wives star revealed that her dad “had a lot to say and a lot of advice. The clip shared a juicy tidbit as Maddie was cut off, sharing that her father called Caleb to tell him that his daughter was saving herself for marriage. I can’t imagine Kody would be too thrilled to be talked about on the podcast, especially since he hasn’t spoken to Maddie in years. The mother of three shared that in the newest season of Sister Wives, she doesn’t have a relationship with her father.
But other Browns have shown their support for Maddie’s new endeavor. Gwen Brown took to the comments to write, “I’ve been saying you need a podcast!!! I would pay Beyoncé prices to hear your wisdom.” Paedon Brown shared, “THAT’S SO AWESOME!!!” In the last sneak peek clip, Jayme asks Maddie what one word she hopes people will describe her as. The daughter of Kody and Janelle smiled and said, “Authentic.”
A post shared by Madison Brush (@madison_rose11)
Along with her podcast news, Maddie also shared that she was pregnant with her fourth child. She took to Instagram to tell followers, writing, “What a wild year! Looks like 2025 might be a little crazy too!” Lucky for her, Janelle has recently moved down to North Carolina and away from Arizona, so Maddie will have some extra help. Maddie and Janelle also revealed that they would be starting a farm together. Sister Wives fans just watched as the mother and daughter looked for land in Wyoming. But the plot wasn’t the right fit. Maddie and Janelle both posed for a photo with their hands in the air. 
Janelle’s oldest daughter wrote, “I am so excited to announce the launch of our passion project! TAEDA FARMS.” The announcement went on to say, “We would like to invite you to join us on this wild, messy, and beautiful journey as we build Taeda Farms, our flower farm, from scratch! It’s not always glamorous. There’s a lot of sweat, dirt, and trial and error—but every small step is part of something much bigger.” Needless to say, Maddie will have her hands full with all her new adventures. 
TELL US – WILL YOU BE TUNING IN TO MADDIE BROWN’S PODCAST
Jennifer O'Brien has been a fan of reality TV ever since Jessica Simpson asked, "Is this chicken or fish?" Jennifer's favorite shows consist of everything Bravo, including the 'Real Housewives' franchises, 'Below Deck' franchises, and 'Southern Charm.' Without a doubt, Jennifer's passion for reality TV shines through as she often tries to get to the bottom of major plot lines like Vanderpump Rules' "Scandoval."
Share article