Travis Kelce's father is not pleased with lyrics about his son and Taylor Swift on Ye and Ty Dolla Sign's Vultures 2 album.
In a post on Facebook, the Kansas City Chiefs tight end's father, Ed Kelce, shared a link to a Daily Mail article reporting on lyrics rapped by Lil Wayne on "Lifestyle," which appears on Vultures 2. The article incorrectly credits Ye, and Lil Wayne, for the line, "I twist my Taylor spliffs tight at the end like Travis Kelce."
It's a typical Weezy punchline, but the British tabloid suggested that Ye raps the line, assumedly because of his controversial history with Swift. Ed Kelce reposted the article and added, "Mental illness on full display."
Regardless of who said the line, it's obviously bound to grab attention due to the artist formerly known as Kanye West's extensive history with Taylor Swift. Outside of the infamous VMAs incident in 2009, the two artists got into a serious feud after Ye rapped that he "made that bitch famous" on his 2016 track "Famous." 
There's been the occasional comment here and there ever since, but for the most part, it appears as though Ye has wisely chosen to keep her name out of his mouth. Earlier this year, however, he addressed a call from Swifties to push Beyoncé's single "Texas Hold 'Em" to stop any song from Vultures 1 topping the Billboard Hot 100. 
music | BY Jose Martinez
Kanye Responds to Swifties' Campaign to Push Beyoncé Over Ye and Ty Dolla Sign on Charts: 'Remember I Was on Taylor’s Side'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Ye Shares Text From Manager Claiming Alleged Issue With Atlantic Could Lead to 'Vultures' Takedown
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Ye and Ty Dolla Sign Drop Second Volume of 'Vultures' Album Series (UPDATE)
"When I said that I’m the new Jesus bitch I wasn’t even thinking about Taylor Swift," Kanye wrote in all caps in February, insisting that he was supportive of her these days. "That was a whole line before but I appreciate the free promo." 
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.