“The keffiyeh wearers will say their scarves are about solidarity, not stealing.”
Isn’t it interesting how the rules that the left wants to impose on others doesn’t apply to them? This is an excerpt from a book called After the Pogrom: 7 October, Israel and the Crisis of Civilisation by Brendan O’Neill.
From Spiked:
The cult of the keffiyeh
Whatever happened to the sin of cultural appropriation? This ideology of rebuke held sway on university campuses for years. The idea was that no member of the majority group should ever appropriate the cultural habits of a minority group. It’s offensive, apparently. It’s racial theft. It’s parody disguised as authenticity. White men wearing their hair in dreadlocks, white women in kimonos, gay men twerking or using black slang – all of it was damned as ‘stealing’, the co-option of the culture of the powerless by the powerful. And yet today, visit any campus in the West and everywhere you look you’ll see white youths dressed as Arabs.
Keffiyeh chic is all the rage. You’re no one unless you have one of these black-and-white scarves that are widely worn in the Palestinian territories. Student radicals, celebrities, Guardian-reading dads on their way for a macchiato – everyone has a keffiyeh draped over their shoulders. It has become the uniform of the politically enlightened, the must-have of the socially aware. They’re ‘all over Europe’, as one writer says; every time there’s a ‘pro-Palestine’ demo you’ll be confronted by ‘a sea of these garments’. Even the mega-rich are getting in on the act – Balenciaga once made a high-end keffiyeh that will set you back £3,000. But then, you can’t put a price on virtue-signalling.
Is this cultural appropriation? If Beyoncé wearing a sari and Kim Kardashian styling her hair in braids can induce a frenzy of censure among social-justice warriors – as both of those things bizarrely did – then why not bourgeois Westerners pulling on a scarf that has its origins among the nomadic Bedouin tribes of the Arab peninsula? If a student who dons a Mexican sombrero can be branded ‘culturally indifferent’, then why not a student who wraps himself in Arab cloth? As Julie Burchill has wondered, ‘In an age when putting on a sombrero for 60 seconds during a drunken night out at an all-you-can-eat taco bar can be taken as proof of conquistador-level evil… why do these same students swan around wearing the keffiyeh?’.
The keffiyeh wearers will say their scarves are about solidarity, not stealing. They’re showing their support for a political cause, not purloining Palestinian culture.
Donations tax deductible to the full extent allowed by law.
“Because it’s (D)ifferent when we do it!”
Because the rules they want to impose on the rest of us are simply to force all of us stupid and unenlightened people to act appropriately.
They are smart enough not to need any rules.  Understand now, peasant?
“White men wearing their hair in dreadlocks, white women in kimonos, gay men twerking or using black slang – all of it was damned as ‘stealing’, the co-option of the culture of the powerless by the powerful.”
Now do cars, elevators, planes, microwaves, televisions, paved highways, air conditioning, and — oh yeah — representative democracy.
IMO american english teachers in Japan look cringeworthy posting selfie in kimono. But if Japanese don’t have problem with it, why should I care?  People didn’t use to care about these things not so long ago.
Donations tax deductible to the full extent allowed by law.
Founder
Sr. Contrib Editor
Contrib Editor
Higher Ed
Author
Author
Author
Author
Author
Author
Editor Emerita
SUBSCRIBE:
© Copyright 2008-2024, Legal Insurrection, All Rights Reserved.
By continuing to use this website, you agree to our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service. and IP Policy