(Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
None of the female celebrities who have endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris have voiced concerns about her husband, Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff, who allegedly has a history of misconduct against women.
Emhoff admitted in August to cheating on his first wife in 2009 with his daughter’s nanny, whom he allegedly impregnated, according to the Daily Mail. Once back on the dating scene, Emhoff, the “Dad-in-Chief,” allegedly slapped his then-girlfriend in a booze-fueled fit of jealous rage in 2012, three friends familiar with the alleged situation told the outlet.
Celebrities like Ariana Grande, Julia Roberts and Billie Eilish have made no mention of the allegations, yet have expressed their support of Harris. Oprah Winfrey also ignored the alleged situation, but has hosted a pro-Harris town hall alongside Jennifer Lopez and Meryl Streep.
Psaki Says Emhoff Reshaping Perception Of Masculinity
NEW: Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff accused of physically assaulting his ex-girlfriend, days after MSNBC host Jen Psaki said Emhoff was “reshaping masculinity.”
According to the Daily Mail, Emhoff hit a woman so hard that she physically spun around.
New details also reveal that… pic.twitter.com/dBPc8rcBL5
— Collin Rugg (@CollinRugg) October 2, 2024
Megastar Taylor Swift also endorsed the vice president via Instagram in September, citing abortion rights as one of her top issues. Swift has not used the platform to promote Harris since her original endorsement, nor has she ever acknowledged Emhoff’s alleged behavior.
Other female celebrities, such as Olivia Rodrigo and Jennifer Lawrence, have also pledged their support for Harris, whom they hope will “restore reproductive rights.” They too have been silent in the wake of the allegations surfacing.
Some female celebrities, including “The Office” star Mindy Kaling and Grammy-winning singer Pink, appeared at the Democratic National Convention (DNC) to promote the vice president’s campaign in August. Neither of the celebrities have mentioned the allegations against the Second Gentleman. (RELATED: Harris Campaign Holds Rally In Swing State, Invites Pop Star With Ties To Diddy)
Emhoff, who several left-leaning media outlets characterized as a paragon of a new masculinity, was accused of “asshole behavior” and being “very flirty” at Venable LLP, a law firm he previously managed. Former colleagues of Emhoff who worked there alleged he was also routinely “inappropriate” and “misogynistic” during his tenure, the Daily Mail separately reported.
Many of these celebrities offered their labor or intellectual property in service of the Harris campaign — Beyoncé granted Harris the rights to her song, “Freedom,” for campaign advertisements; Anne Hathaway sang at a campaign fundraiser on Broadway; “Seinfeld” star Julia Louis Dreyfus promised to be “extra involved” in the Harris campaign — but none of them have made any mention of Emhoff’s alleged misdeeds.
Rapper Cardi B, an outspoken critic of President Joe Biden, said Harris should have been the nominee all along. Larger-than-life performer Lizzo joined Harris for a campaign event in Detroit. However, neither of the female musicians appear to have publicly voiced any concerns about the allegations against the Second Gentleman.
Among Harris’s high-profile supporters are former First Lady Michelle Obama, Jessica Alba, “Friends” star Jennifer Aniston, Jennifer Garner, Glenn Close, “Scandal” star Kerry Washington, Megan Thee Stallion, pop icon Cher and Barbra Streisand, none of whom have come out against Emhoff.
TRENDING
©2025 The Daily Caller, Inc.
The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006
Subscription Type
Unlimited digital access to The Daily Caller
Premium Article: Subscribe for $1 to read the rest.

							Continue Reading
						
Already have an account?Login
A membership will get you:
Please create a free account to continue reading.

							Sign Up
						
Already have an account?Login
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service

I have read and agree to the Terms of Use
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Use


					With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of
								Service

$3.00
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$8.25
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$9.95
A Month
Cancel Anytime
$12.50
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
Honor Our Heroes Program: Verify your Active Military, Veteran, or First Responder Status for Additional Discounts
Readers,
Instead of sucking up to the political and corporate powers that dominate America, The Daily Caller is fighting for you — our readers. We humbly ask you to consider joining us in this fight.
Now that millions of readers are rejecting the increasingly biased and even corrupt corporate  media and 
					joining us daily, there are powerful forces lined up to stop us: the old guard of the news media hopes 
					to marginalize us; the big corporate ad agencies want to deprive us of revenue and put us out of business; 
					senators threaten to have our reporters arrested for asking simple questions; the big tech platforms want 
					to limit our ability to communicate with you; and the political party establishments feel threatened by our 
					independence.
				
We don't complain -- we can't stand complainers --  but we do call it how we see it. We have a fight on our 
					hands, and it's intense. We need your help to smash through the big tech, big media and big government blockade.
				
We're the insurgent outsiders for a reason: our deep-dive investigations hold the powerful to account. 
					Our original videos undermine their narratives on a daily basis. Even our insistence on having fun infuriates 
					them -- because we won’t bend the knee to political correctness.
				
One reason we stand apart is because we are not afraid to say we love America. We love her with every fiber of 
					our being, and we think she's worth saving from today’s craziness.
				
Help us save her.
A second reason we stand out is the sheer number of honest responsible reporters we have helped train.  We have 
					trained so many solid reporters that they now hold prominent positions at publications across the political 
					spectrum. Hear a rare reasonable voice at a place like CNN? There’s a good chance they were trained at Daily 
					Caller. Same goes for the numerous Daily Caller alumni dominating the news coverage at outlets such as Fox News, 
					Newsmax, Daily Wire and many others.
				
Simply put, America needs solid reporters fighting to tell the truth or we will never have honest elections or a 
					fair system. We are working tirelessly to make that happen and we are making a difference.
				
Since 2010, The Daily Caller has grown immensely. We're in the halls of Congress. We're in the Oval Office. 
					And we're in up to 20 million homes every single month. That's 20 million Americans like you who are impossible 
					to ignore.
				
We can overcome the forces lined up against all of us. This is an important mission but we can’t do it unless you — 
					the everyday Americans forgotten by the establishment — have our back.
				
Please consider becoming a Daily Caller Patriot today, and help us keep doing work that holds politicians, 
					corporations and other leaders accountable. Help us thumb our noses at political correctness. Help us train a new 
					generation of news reporters who will actually tell the truth. And help us remind Americans everywhere that there 
					are millions of us who remain clear-eyed about our country's greatness.
				
In return for membership, Daily Caller Patriots will be able to read The Daily Caller without any of the ads that 
					we have long used to support our mission. We know the ads drive you crazy. They drive us crazy too. But we need 
					revenue to keep the fight going. If you join us, we will cut out the ads for you and put every Lincoln-headed cent 
					we earn into amplifying our voice, training even more solid reporters, and giving you the ad-free experience and 
					lightning fast website you deserve.
				
Patriots will also be eligible for Patriots Only content, newsletters, chats and live events with our reporters 
					and editors. It's simple: welcome us into your lives, and we'll welcome you into ours.
				
We can save America together.
Become a Daily Caller Patriot today.
Neil Patel
Internal promotions, affiliate content, recommended content and spam will be embedded in their paid 
					content and players may still be included on the site.
				
CONTENT
CONTINUE READING FOR $120 $1
ALSO, ENJOY THE MANY BENEFITS OF PATRIOTS MEMBERSHIP