Now 
58
 Sat 
75
 Sun 
72
by Kimberly King
TOPICS:
FOREST CITY, N.C. (WLOS) — In taking North Carolina, former President Donald Trump surpassed his vote totals from four years ago.
This election, 2,875,538 voters cast their ballot for Trump. That is up from 2,758,775 in 2020.
To further drill his wins, Trump grew his votes in 11 of the 17 counties that make up the heavy Republican-leaning 11th Congressional District, which spans across North Carolina.
Election data shows he grew his votes in Madison, McDowell, Polk, Swain, Cherokee, Clay, Graham, Haywood, Jackson and Macon Counties. Trump had slightly fewer votes in Buncombe and Henderson Counties compared to 2020.
“I think what we saw last night was this concept [that] he’s divisive has gone away,” said Michele Woodhouse, 11th District Republican Chair. “He won in a resounding Electoral College victory and he won the popular vote.”
DONALD TRUMP BREAKS THROUGH BLUE WALL, ELECTED 47TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
Woodhouse also claimed that female Republicans resented the Democrats' approach of trying to lure women from voting for Trump.
“This concept that anyone who doesn’t vote for Kamala Harris, if you’re a woman and don’t vote for her, then turn in your 'woman card,'" said Woodhouse. “'If you’re white and you don’t vote for her, you’re a racist.' We heard talking heads last night saying that black men are racist because they didn’t vote for Kamala Harris.”
Woodhouse has been a high-profile surrogate for Trump’s campaign in Western North Carolina, always accepting the chance to talk about the party platform.
She said immigration and the border were the top topics she heard about from Republicans concerned in Western North Carolina.
In Rutherford County at Smith’s Pharmacy and Fountain, six women eating lunch together all raised their hands when asked if they voted for Trump.
REP. CHUCK EDWARDS VOWS TO FOCUS ON WESTERN NORTH CAROLINA RECOVERY IN CONGRESS
“For me, it’s the border,” said Vivian Champion, who lives in Sunshine, N.C.
“I voted for Donald Trump and my single most important issue is the economy,” said Maria Hudson, who lives in Ellenboro.
“You go to the grocery store and spend $30 – enough to make a bologna sandwich,” said Roger Triplett, who lives in Spindale. “Does that not tell you anything?”
Triplett said the right to bear arms is also why he would never vote Democrat.
“Nobody’s going to get my guns," he said.
WESTERN NORTH CAROLINA REPUBLICANS SECURE RE-ELECTION, CONTINUING DOMINANCE IN REGION
“You saw them walk away from the working American people,” said Woodhouse of Democrats in 2008 when former President Barack Obama got elected. "When you have the leader of the teamsters talking at the Republican National Convention instead of the Democratic National Convention, when you see rank and file union workers, when Donald Trump is winning states like Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin, when he’s carrying the union vote."
Woodhouse claims these are all signs of what happened and led to Trump’s win.
“The Democrats have become the party of elitist Hollywood, and you saw it in her rallies. It’s Beyoncé and it’s Oprah," she said.