What's their astrological sign? What's their love language? The cast of the hit Broadway musical gets personal!
Broadway's The Outsiders, a new musical based on the prominent novel by S.E. Hinton and the iconic film directed by Francis Ford Coppola, hit the stage this season with a bang. Nominated for 12 Tony Awards, including Best Musical, the show—and the actors who tell the story—have captured audiences' hearts. 
Set in Tulsa, Oklahoma in 1967, The Outsiders revolves around the Greasers gang—played by Tony award nominees Brody Grant, Sky Lakota-Lynch, and Joshua Boone, as well as Brent Comer, Jason Schmidt, and Daryl Tofa—who become a chosen family through the shared experience of growing up on the wrong side of the tracks. They must fight for their dignity and survival, especially in their encounters with their well-to-do rivals known as the Socs—played by Kevin William Paul, Dan Berry, and Emma Pittman. 
Fully embodying this timeless coming-of-age tale through soulful singing, gritty dancing, and achingly heartfelt acting performances, the cast of Broadway's The Outsiders are as hot as their characters are cool. 
And fans have already started debating who their favorite Outsiders character are. Playbill wanted to get in on the fun with a Q&A on who The Outsiders actors are behind the curtain (in the style of the once-ubiquitous teen magazine Tiger Beat). 
Read on below and let us know, who is your favorite Outsider?
If you could travel anywhere in the world right now, where would you go? "TOKYO!! I've always wanted to go."
What's your dream role? "I want to play James Dean and I want to play Eminem. Also, not a specific role, but I really want to be in Tarantino's 10th film."
What’s something about you that not many people know? "I really love sneakers and I want to design something one day. I really want to go on Sneaker Shopping with Joe LaPuma!"
What’s a motto you live by? "Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it."
What’s something you’ve always wanted to try, but haven’t yet? "Two things that are currently on the bucket list: Play a lead in a really great film, and then release my album!"
What's your astrological sign? "Libra."
What's something that makes you happy? "My cat "Sushi," and seeing people smile."
If you were in a gang, what would your nickname be and why? "My gang name was Skittles ‘cause I used to stutter when I got nervous."
If you could travel anywhere in the world right now, where would you go? "Tokyo!! I hear it is really dope."
What’s your dream role? "Johnny Cade and the artist formerly known as Prince."
What's your astrological sign? "Gemini."
If you could travel anywhere in the world right now, where would you go? "The backyard of my childhood home."
What’s your idea of the perfect date? "Favorable weather, positive/exciting energy, with relaxed/easy communication… no limit from there."
Sunrise or sunset? "Sunset... it's nice to sleep in sometimes. And those sunset hues hit different."
What’s your dream role? "It hasn’t been written yet."
What's your astrological sign? "Pisces."
What's your favorite food? "NY style pizza, baby."
What’s something you’ve always wanted to try, but haven’t yet? "12 course omakase sushi."
What’s a motto you live by? "Be better than yesterday."
What’s your idea of the perfect date? "Sheep's Meadow on a nice day with snacks and a small JBL speaker."
What's your astrological sign? "Scorpio."
What's your idea of the perfect date? "Honestly, something simple with someone I care about. A walk on the beach. A picnic. A movie night in."
If you were in a gang, what would your nickname be and why? "I was in a gang in middle school. They called me Big J."
What’s something about you that not many people know? "I played basketball for 10 years."
What’s your dream role? "I really wanna create new roles. However, if I had to pick one, Guy from Once or Jack Kelly in Newsies."
What's your astrological sign? "Cancer."
What’s your favorite food? "Filipino food."
What’s something about you that not many people know? "I love to write music."
What’s your idea of the perfect date? "The sound of the guitar playing sitting by a bonfire, under the stars, looking around at my surroundings, feeling a cool breeze, hearing the ocean, sitting in a camping chair in a hoodie and sweats holding my lady’s warm hand under a blanket."
What's something you've always wanted to try, but haven't yet? "Skydiving!"
What's your astrological sign? "Libra."
What’s your love language? "Words of affirmation."
What’s a motto you live by? "Be yourself! The people/things that are meant for you will come to you at the exact right time."
Which Outsider are you most like? "Besides Cherry, who I feel the most like, I’d say Darrel."
What’s something you’ve always wanted to try, but haven’t yet? "I’d love to try and write a song. We have lots of incredible songwriters in this company and it’s very inspiring."
What's your astrological sign? "Capricorn."
Where were your stomping grounds growing up? "All around the backyard and any open space I could use my imagination and body to adventure and play with my friends, or at times, solo!"
If you could travel anywhere in the world right now, where would you go? "My childhood bedroom."
What’s your love language? "All of them."
What’s something you’ve always wanted to try, but haven’t yet? "Releasing an album and cooking a gourmet meal."
What's your astrological sign? "Sagittarius."
If you were in a gang, what would your name be? "Bilbo Baggins cuz I would never wear shoes."
What’s something about you that not many people know? "I can turn invisible when no one’s looking."
What song always gets you dancing? "Love on Top by Beyoncé"
What’s your idea of the perfect date? "Farmers market."
Check out more exclusive portraits of the cast from The Outsiders' opening night below!
Joshua Boone
Joshua Boone
Joshua Boone
Brent Comer
Brent Comer
Brent Comer
Jason Schmidt
Jason Schmidt
Jason Schmidt
Emma Pittman
Emma Pittman
Emma Pittman
Kevin William Pau
Kevin William Paul
Kevin William Paul
Daryl Tofa
Daryl Tofa
Daryl Tofa
Dan Berry
Dan Berry
Dan Berry
Sky Lakota-Lynch
Sky Lakota-Lynch
Sky Lakota-Lynch
Brody Grant
Brody Grant
Brody Grant
The Harvey Schmidt-Tom Jones musical would go on to play over 17,000 performances at the Sullivan Street Theatre.
The play began performances April 28 at Audible's Minetta Lane Theatre.
Maltby will also direct the new revue at the Connecticut venue.
Iconis and Gregory S. Moss' The Untitled Unauthorized Hunter S. Thompson Musical begins at the Virginia venue next month.
Broadway's best and brightest took to social media and the stage to share their excitement May 1.
In his episode of Playbill's My Life in the Theatre, available now, the Tony-winning director looked back on just a fraction of his creative ouvre.
Find out if you're up to date on your New York theatre knowledge with this clip from a recent episode of the TV game show.
Talent manager and producer Jeremy Katz will also be honored at the annual Pride concert.
Ms. Buzzi left the stage for the screen in the late 1960s, receiving a Golden Globe and 5 Emmy nominations for her work on Laugh-In.

                                    Sign up for announcements and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
                                
Blocking belongson the stage,not on websites.
Our website is made possible bydisplaying online advertisements to our visitors.
Please consider supporting us bywhitelisting playbill.com with your ad blocker.Thank you!