A 9-10 week-old unborn baby
They say that when America sneezes the rest of the world catches a cold. At least that remains true for the Western world. A great example of that was seen in the State of Queensland in Australia this October.
The ruling Labor party seemed on course for a crushing defeat in the State elections, when the Premier Stephen Miles decided to make abortion an issue. Taking a leaf out of the Kamala Harris playbook, he suddenly started arguing that ‘women’s reproductive health rights were at stake’. Although he did not win, it was intriguing that most of the mainstream media in Australia saw this as a sensible vote-winning tactic.
What was striking was the language used – which was exactly the same as that used by Kamala Harris in the US. Together with Michelle Obama and celebrities like Beyoncé, Harris upped the rhetoric claiming that any restrictions on abortion are a ‘health care crisis’ and that what she incorrectly called ‘Trump’s abortion ban’ was killing women. What are always missed out in this discussion are the number of women who die because of the abortion pill, and the side effects of abortion, including mental health.
Register with us now to get three free articles every month

				Or become a subscriber to get unlimited access


Already have an account? log in  |  Have an access code? click here
Click here to find out how we take care of your personal data.
It is a fact of life that every major human invention is just a tool – which has the potential …
Last year the Australian newspaper and website, Eternity, closed down. Founded by John Sandeman, who now blogs here, Eternity …
In Matthew 13:36-43, Jesus explains the parable of the weeds. The basic teaching is that at the end of the …
A pro-life campaigner’s sign offering pregnant women the chance to talk amounted to intimidation and breached an abortion buffer zone, …
Abortions in Northern Ireland have surged by nearly a third, according to the latest statistics. Abortion in the province was …
Browse all our current job adverts
Enjoy our monthly paper and full online access
Registered Charity No. 296794. All content Evangelicals Now
Registered Charity No. 296794. All content Evangelicals Now