Voice of San Diego

					Investigative journalism for a better San Diego				
Sign up for The Morning Report with all your must-read news for the day.
Election season is a rough time for most people, but especially for those who’ve made the questionable decision to pursue a career in politics.
The stress of this time not only weighs on our bodies and minds, but on our souls. And what better way to treat that pain than indulging in the joys of music? Some people counter their suffering with hypey pop songs, while others indulge their angst with a whimsical jazz number. Perhaps you seek something harder to incite some cathartic headbanging. This choice tells me things about a person that I couldn’t possibly distill from a list of policy positions. 
This is why I embarked on a pursuit to find out what three songs are getting us through election season. From that, two playlists were born: one featuring San Diego political candidates, and another with picks from the Voice of San Diego staff. The result is a beautifully confusing collection of songs that ranges from children’s hymns to titles teeming with expletives. 
I could try to make the case that these playlists paint a portrait of our shared humanity, a glimmer of hope amid polarizing times. But I don’t know if it needs to be that deep. More than anything, I found this hilarious, a little heartwarming and positively cringey, and I think we could all use that right now!
Watch the candidates share their picks for themselves on Instagram and TikTok.
Stream on Spotify or Youtube.
Stephen Whitburn, San Diego City Council, District 3
“One More Time” by Daft Punk
“I Gotta Feeling” by Black Eyed Peas
“Team” by Lorde
Coleen Cusack, San Diego City Council, District 3
“Bang!” by AJR
“Me Too” by Meghan Trainer
“Dear Mr. President” by P!nk
Sean Elo-Rivera, San Diego City Council, District 9
“Caro” by Bad Bunny
“DNA.” by Kendrick Lamar
The “Bluey” theme song
Terry Hoskins, San Diego City Council, District 9
“That’s Amore” by Dean Martin
“Fly Me To The Moon” by Frank Sinatra
“Yellow Moon” by Aaron Neville
Todd Gloria, San Diego Mayor
“Freedom (feat. Kendrick Lamar)” by Beyoncé and Kendrick Lamar
“Run This Town” by JAY-Z, Rihanna and Kanye West
“No Scrubs” by TLC
Larry Turner, San Diego Mayor
“Shining Star” by Earth, Wind & Fire
“Everlong – Acoustic Version” by Foo Fighters
“The Wheels on the Bus” sung by himself
Terra Lawson-Remer, San Diego County Board of Supervisors, District 3
“Von Dutch” by Charli xcx
“A New Hope” by blink-182
“Flowers” by Miley Cyrus
Heather Ferbert, San Diego City Attorney
“Young Volcanoes” by Fall Out Boy
“Femininominon” by Chappell Roan
“GOSSIP (feat. Tom Morello)” by Måneskin and Tom Morello
* Kevin Faulconer and Brian Maienschein did not respond to multiple requests to participate.
Stream on Spotify or Youtube.
Bella Ross, social media producer
“Two People In a Room” by Wire
“Naked in Manhattan” by Chappell Roan
“Wristwatch” by MJ Lenderman
Andrea Lopez-Villafaña, managing editor
“LOS PITS” by Bad Bunny
“LUNCH” by Billie Ellish
“La Diabla” by Xavi
Erica Connell, director of philanthropy
“Ambient Fall Jazz for Relaxation” on Youtube
Deborah Brennan, Sacramento reporter
“Holiday” by Green Day
“Sorrow” by Bad Religion
“Viva La Vida” by Coldplay
Scott Lewis, CEO and editor in chief
“Holding On” by The War on Drugs
“Same Town, New Story” by Interpol
“Vamos a la Playa” by Loona
Jakob McWhinney, education reporter
“Mutherfucker” by Beck
“Impregnable Question” by Dirty Projectors
“Everyday, I don’t” by Anna Domino
MacKenzie Elmer, environment reporter
“‘Tis Autumn” by Nat King Cole
“Seaweed” by Hockey Dad
“Pistol Grip Pump” by Volume 10
Paris Giles, digital product manager
“Little Fluffy Clouds” by The Orb
“(Don’t Fear) The Reaper” by Blue Öyster Cult
“Holiday on the Moon” by Love and Rockets
Jennifer Vu, community relations manager
“Girl, so confusing featuring lorde” by Charli xcx and Lorde
“Sinner” by The Last Dinner Party
“Heads Will Roll” by Yeah Yeah Yeahs 
Tigist Layne, North County reporter
“Tell Me” by Groove Theory
“Good Luck, Babe!” by Chappell Roan
“Special Affair” by The Internet
Lisa Halverstadt, senior investigative reporter
“My Prerogative” by Bobby Brown
“I Am Not Okay” by Jelly Roll
“Wildflowers and Wild Horses” by Lainey Wilson
Jim Hinch, South County reporter
“The World’s a Mess, It’s in My Kiss” by X
“Where’s Your Head At” by Basement Jaxx
“Never Die” by Spanky Loco and Huero Snipes
Will Huntsberry, senior investigative reporter
“Moonage Daydream” by David Bowie
“Piece of Shit” by Wet Leg
“Swingin Party” by The Replacements
Julianne Markow, chief operating officer
“Heaven” by The National
“Cardinal” by Kasey Musgraves
“Beautiful People (Stay High)” by The Black Keys

				Something went wrong. Please refresh the page and/or try again.			
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
Voice of San Diego is a registered trademark of Voice of San Diego, a California non-profit.
110 West A St. Suite 650, San Diego, CA 92101
Phone: 619-325-0525
We rely on people like you to support this service. Please donate or sponsor
Voice of San Diego® today.
DONATE NOW