These days, it seems like snagging affordably priced tickets to a concert should be its own Olympic sport. It wasn’t that long ago when Nirvana front man Kurt Cobain was famously shocked to learn some musicians charged $50 or more per ticket; in comparison, Nirvana was only charging about $17. If someone told you today they got a ticket to a Taylor Swift concert for only $50, you’d probably wonder where they found their magic lamp. Which leads to the inevitable question: Why are concert tickets so expensive these days?
Kurt Cobain would be aghast at today's runaway concert ticket prices. We talked to experts to find ... More out why concert prices have gotten so expensive.
To find out why things have changed so much in the live entertainment industry, we spoke to Eric Renner Brown, senior editor at Billboard and a former staff writer and editor at the concert-centric publication Pollstar, as well as Tatiana Cirisano, a senior music industry analyst at MIDiA Research and a former music business reporter at Billboard.
As you might imagine, it’s a little complicated, with multiple factors conspiring to raise prices. Some factors, such as inflation, aren’t especially surprising, but others are more subtle and involve the way modern day musicians make money right now.
As with other sectors of the economy, inflation has impacted the concert industry, causing the price of supplies to spiral upward. But there’s more to it than that, because it largely started during the COVID-19 pandemic.
When the global economy slowed down and large public gatherings stopped in 2019 and 2020, many professionals were forced to take a step back from their work when concerts were canceled for health and safety reasons.
“A lot of bus drivers and truck drivers who transport musicians and crews, and, in some cases, semi-trucks full of production equipment for tours—a lot of those people left the concert business,” says Brown. “They went to work in freight trucking, Amazon and other big companies transporting goods because that was still happening during the pandemic.”
Once concerts started up again, however, getting those workers back into the touring business didn’t happen right away. With fewer people available to work on tours, wages (and consequently prices) escalated. So if concert producers wanted those goods and services, they had to pay more for them, post-pandemic. That lead directly to higher ticket prices.
Cirisano adds that inflation affects the cost of everything, including the gas to get to tour stops, airfare and hotel accommodations. There’s also been a multi-year global supply chain crisis, which impacted many goods and services, including the tour buses themselves.
“There was a point where they were really scarce, so the prices went up,” says Cirisano. “If you have to spend more on that as an artist, you end up maybe pricing tickets a little bit higher.”
Big-name artists such as Taylor Swift and Beyoncé don’t live directly off the money they make from touring; they have additional income streams like record sales, merchandise, endorsement deals, royalties and more.
But that’s not the experience for many smaller artists, who generally rely on touring income as a main source of revenue. That’s even more true now than it was a decade or two ago when record sales were higher and streaming wasn’t the predominant way for people to consume music. Factor in that many artists were sidelined for a year or two because of the pandemic, and the result is that many musicians need to earn back what they lost during those non-touring years.
“Most artists don’t make any meaningful income from streaming, so they have to supplement it with these other things [such as merchandise or live performances],” Cirisano says. “For a lot of artists, touring is their bread and butter.”
Moreover, Brown points out that many tours taking place across the U.S. are much bigger productions today than they were in the past. “When you’re looking at these extremely highly produced arena and stadium tours, fans expect a more immersive, multi-faceted concert experience than they might have expected before,” Brown says.
Having a band play onstage with little-to-no production simply doesn’t cut it with modern audiences—which means that there are extra costs to create a monumental performance—and that obviously becomes the fans’ burden.
While this is a complicated question, Brown says it’s a safe bet that the bigger the artist, the more control they have over their business, including ticket prices. Even if the artist doesn’t have the final say over the final ticket price, they do have leverage. That said, artists simply don’t have control over reseller prices on the secondary market.
Longtime bands such as The Rolling Stones and The Eagles tend to have some of the priciest tickets in the concert business, and fans will typically pay the high costs to see these legendary artists. It’s a case of supply and demand, Brown points out.
Back in 2022, ahead of his 2023 U.S. tour, Bruce Springsteen faced controversy over exorbitant dynamic prices—as much as $5,000 per ticket—and that’s before tickets hit the secondary market. When asked by Rolling Stone about the choice to price that high, Springsteen said he told his team, “‘Hey, we’re 73 years old. The guys are there. I want to do what everybody else is doing, my peers.’ So that’s what happened.” The Boss then explained how “most of [his] tickets are totally affordable” but if “the ticket broker or someone is going to be taking that money, [he thought,] ‘Hey, why shouldn’t that money go to the guys that are going to be up there sweating three hours a night for it?’”
In the pop world, Taylor Swift tickets could easily set you back four figures if you’re seeing her in the U.S. this year. Tickets to her European shows were priced significantly lower. However, according to Pollstar’s 2023 year-end business analysis, Swift’s average ticket price was about $239, the highest in 2023. Beyoncé’s average ticket price came in at No. 2, around $209. Interestingly, according to Pollstar’s 2024 mid-year report, the publication noted a 9.4% increase in the average ticket price, going from $116.41 to $127.38. The report stated the price hike “marks only the third year on record with an average ticket price over $100. The 2022 average was $105.55, while the 2019 average topped out at $92.42.”
On the flipside, Ed Sheeran is a major artist who’s managed to keep his ticket prices relatively low. Brown cited Sheeran’s smaller band as a possible contributing factor to lower ticket costs. Per Pollstar, Sheeran’s average ticket price was about $105 in 2023.
Another example is Robert Smith from The Cure. He worked to significantly lower prices, spurning dynamic pricing. Many of the tickets to The Cure’s Shows of a Lost World tour in 2023 only cost fans $20 apiece. Smith worked with Ticketmaster after learning fees on the platform doubled the $20 tickets and surprisingly was able to refund fans for part of the service charge.
Web searches for concert tickets can sometimes lead to misleading perceptions of ticket prices. Google “Taylor Swift tickets,” for example, and the first few results you see will generally be resale sites on the secondary market, not the primary market. Cirisano notes that Ticketmaster is part of both market types, which can be especially confusing to fans trying to purchase tickets from their website.
“I think that’s added to this perception that ticket prices are skyrocketing, when, a lot of the time, it’s not actually the original ticket price you’re looking at,” Cirisano explains. “It’s the one that’s been marked up by, in many cases, professional resellers who employ bots to buy hundreds, if not thousands, of tickets and resell them at higher prices.”
In May 2024, the U.S. Department of Justice sued Live Nation, Ticketmaster’s parent company, over an alleged monopoly. According to a press release, “The lawsuit, which includes a request for structural relief, seeks to restore competition in the live concert industry, provide better choices at lower prices for fans, and open venue doors for working musicians and other performance artists.”
Could this lawsuit be successful? Cirisano believes that the case depends on whether the Justice Department can prove Live Nation is putting artists who do not book through their venue system at a disadvantage. Without that evidence, the suit could be in jeopardy.
Also in May 2024, the so-called Taylor Swift bill was signed into law by Minnesota Governor (and now vice presidential candidate) Tim Walz after the politician was unable to purchase tickets to Swift’s tour stop in Minneapolis in 2023. This law, according to The Associated Press, “will require ticket sellers to disclose all fees up front and prohibit resellers from selling more than one copy of a ticket, among other measures. The law will apply to tickets purchased in Minnesota or other states for concerts or other live events held in Minnesota.” Basically, it will provide stronger protections for digital consumers and goes into effect on January 1, 2025.
The internet is ablaze with memes about Ticketmaster’s controversial fees, but where do these fees actually go? Who’s benefiting? For starters, the main benefactors are (perhaps surprisingly) the venues themselves.
Some of the fees are going to credit card processing as well. “What a lot of fans don’t realize is that when they’re seeing those fees that are added on, a lot of them are not actually going to Ticketmaster,” Cirisano says. “It creates this perception like, ‘Oh, Ticketmaster is adding all of these fees,’ when a lot of those fees are being passed on to others.”
Of course, some of the fees do go directly to Ticketmaster, though the site claims that they are used to improve the platform and services.
Case in point: One way Ticketmaster has tried to improve the users’ experiences is to use All-In Pricing for certain shows. (Some states, such as New York, Tennessee and Connecticut mandate the use of All-In Pricing.) All-In Pricing requires Ticketmaster to include all fees as part of the ticket price right up front, so there aren’t any surprises when a fan goes to check out. For tickets that don’t offer All-In Pricing, Ticketmaster created a feature that lets you toggle to view the total price with fees.
Advocates for All-In Pricing, such as the National Independent Venue Association (NIVA), also want an itemized list of fees presented at the time of purchase for better pay transparency.
All-In Pricing can be the make-or-break solution for fans who budget a maximum price of, for example, $100, for a specific concert, then learn at the checkout their final cost will now be $200 with fees. The timer counting down how long they have to make a decision creates added pressure to what may already be a stressful situation. Fans in this predicament are forced to make a choice and it could be between having money for bills or getting to attend their dream concert. Knowing all the facts upfront can lessen the anxiety and make the experience a more relaxing purchase.
Make no mistake: If the next time you go to purchase a concert ticket and have to do a double take when you see the final total, it’s not your imagination. Prices have gone up significantly in recent years.
Yes, Ticketmaster and other ticket sellers frontload ticket prices with additional fees that benefit the venue, credit card companies and the ticket sellers themselves. But don’t discount the pandemic and all its financial repercussions, along with the need to offset the revenue artists have lost in the transition from CD sales to online streaming. It’s no secret that Spotify just doesn’t pay the bills for most musicians.
Artists have to adapt to these changes, which can ultimately trickle down to consumers through ticketing platforms. But in the words of Oasis, “Don’t look back in anger”—or, at least try not to when you remember a ticket to one of their shows in 2009 was about $50, but a ticket for their 2025 tour starts around $180.
At Forbes Vetted, we care deeply about music, concerts and entertainment experiences. We’ve published dozens of articles designed to help you choose and attend great musical performances, Broadway shows and Vegas experiences.
Many of the writers and editors at Forbes Vetted have a deep love of concerts and live music events. That’s why we follow popular artists, research the best ways to find concert tickets and keep you in the know when it comes to finding the best seats and prices for popular concert events. Here are some of our favorite ticket stories to shop: