From artistic creations to classic Hollywood looks, these are the best-ever makeup looks from the Met Gala...

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The Met Gala has been bringing us incredible sartorial inspiration—not to mention the best-ever makeup looks at the Met Gala— for close to 70 years now, making for some very memorable red carpet moments.
Each year on the first Monday in May, guests arrive at The Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York dressed in line with the theme of that year’s Costume Institute exhibition. And, every year we witness some of the best red carpet looks of the year, not to mention some of the most out-there hairstyles and on-trend makeup looks.
Over the years, the celebrity attendees have showcased everything from classic red carpet makeup ensembles to seriously creative interpretations of that year’s brief. Here are the most memorable makeup looks from throughout the years.
Dual liner in a classic black and white pairing is an eye-catching look, further enhanced when paired with a bold red lip, seen on Janelle Monáe at the 2023 Met Gala—the theme of which was "Karl Lagerfeld: A Line of Beauty". 
RRP: £24 | Fenty Beauty's long-wearing Stunna Lip Paint in Uncensored promises to be a red that suits everybody. The formula is ultra fluid but richly pigmented and creates a nice defined edge – but double with lip liner for a really crisp line.
RRP: £21 | One of the best long-wearing liquid eyeliners, the felt tip of KVD Beauty's Tattoo Liner pen offers great precision for creating a sharp wing.
RRP: £20 | A white pencil with good colour payoff is important for ensuring that your second line really stands out. MAC's range of Colour Excess Gel Pencils are excellent on this front – the formula is easy to apply and lasts well. 
This was one of the most memorable Met Gala looks of all time, seen at 2019's "Camp: Notes on Fashion". Lady Gaga had multiple outfit changes on the red carpet and, when she removed her oversized sunglasses, revealed these incredibly detailed statement lashes, complete with graphic liner and a fuchsia lip to match her dress. 
We love it when the make-up pulls together an outfit, and Priyanka Chopra’s gold eyeshadow and dark red lip perfectly matched hers at the 2018 event—which had one of the most memorable Met Gala themes, “Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination”. 
Rihanna has had so many incredible makeup moments on the Met Gala red carpet (her ultra-blushed look from 2017 was another highlight). But this dark lip paired with pastel purple shadow for the 2021 gala was a really eye-catching combination. 
Sign up to our free daily email for the latest royal and entertainment news, interesting opinion, expert advice on styling and beauty trends, and no-nonsense guides to the health and wellness questions you want answered.
Looking like she's stepped straight out of Old Hollywood with a vintage vibe to her overall look, Lily Collins opted for a classic red lip paired with a rich brown smokey eye for the 2023 Gala. A simple makeup look that injects a bit of glamour into any look.
An epic memorable beauty moment from the 2019 Met Gala, Gigi Hadid’s makeup artist Erin Parsons revealed on Instagram that she created this standout look by applying individual white feathers to the supermodel’s lashes, paired with a muted brown-pink lip.
A classic winged eyeliner is and has been worn for hundreds of years – but more recently it's become an absolute staple of the red carpet. Iconic supermodel Naomi Campbell wore the classic look for the 2011 Met Gala, the theme of which was "Alexander McQueen: Savage Beauty". One of our favourite black eyeliner looks from the event; it's timeless and impactful. 
This is a really striking take on winged liner, worn by Emma Stone to the 2019 gala. Her make-up artist Rachel Goodwin shared on Instagram that she created the bejewelled look with Swarovski crystals and blue mascara and liner for a truly eye-catching. 
This look on Lupita Nyong'o is such a memorable make-up look from the Met Gala red carpet, worn to the 2019 event, featuring dark glossy lips and layers of glitter taken all the way up to her brows. It's proof that at this event, more is definitely more. 
In a move that truly nailed the brief – and went down as one of the most memorable beauty looks in Met Gala history – Doja Cat attended the 2023 event, which was inspired by the late fashion designer, as Karl Lagerfeld’s cat, Choupette. 
Another super memorable creation seen on the Met Gala red carpet was Zendaya’s Cinderella-inspired look from the 2019 event. The star’s makeup made for a truly cohesive ensemble, with pink highlighter and pastel blue eyeshadow to match her ball gown. 
Sparkles are a great decision for any party and are a mainstay of the red carpet, as are metallic shades. Kerry Washington's look for the 2018 Met Gala featured a slightly coppery gold sparkly eye paired with a soft pink lip.
A great example of why copper eyeshadow is always an excellent choice, this metallic and smokey make-up look was seen on Sarah Jessica Parker at the 2010 Met Gala – for which the theme was “American Woman: Fashioning a National Identity”. 
A brown smokey eye still packs intensity and makes for a really classic make-up look that's a great choice for an evening event – much like this look that Kate Hudson wore to the 2017 gala, "Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons: Art Of The In-Between". 
Jennifer Lopez is another star who has been on many a Met Gal red carpet and it was difficult to settle on a favourite look. However, her ultra-long, feathery and fluttery lashes were a super glam moment at the 2018 event - and one we won't forget.
Blake Lively has been on many a Met Gala red carpet in her time, but this soft sparkly look is one of our favourites. It’s a winning look because of the way the shimmery tones used in her makeup pair perfectly with her accessories. 
Scarlett Johansson's burgundy eyeshadow look, worn to the 2018 gala, also features a frosted shade for that extra bit of sheen and picks out the colours of her gown to pull the whole look together. 
Kristen Stewart knows how to work a grungey make-up look and her ensemble for the 2016 Met Gala was no exception. Her smudgy liner was paired with geometric silver eyeshadow were a real statement, making for a truly standout creation. 
This colour of eyeshadow looks nothing short of incredible on Gemma Chan, who paired the warm green shade with darker emerald green liner, a contrasting magenta lip and super glowy skin for her look on the 2021 Met Gala red carpet.
A bright and bold shade of lipstick makes a real statement as the main feature of any make-up look, much like this hot pink colour seen on Reese Witherspoon back at the 2014 Met Gala, the theme of which was "Charles James: Beyond Fashion". 
This gorgeous look was seen on supermodel Iman at the 2021 Met Gala, pairing an intense and dramatic smokey eye with bronzed and glowy cheeks. The shades used in her make-up really complemented the metallic and jewel tones of her accessories. 
Serena Williams is another regular on the Met Gala red carpet and this one from 2021 is of our favourite looks of hers, featuring soft and muted purple on both the lips and lids as well as liquid liner to make her eyes pop.
This bold dark green shade of eyeshadow was the perfect contrast to Beyoncé’s peach gown worn to the 2016 Met Gala. To let the statement eye stand out, the rest of her make-up was kept understated with a little blush and a neutral lip.
Claire Danes is another star who has attended many Met Galas in her time and this make-up look worn for the 2017 event was quite a grungey and lived in one – complete with smudgy dark liner and a barely there lip.
This make-up look seen on Taylor Swift at the 2016 Met Gala was an incredibly striking one thanks to the ultra dark rouge noir lip. For maximum impact, the rest of her look was quite pared back with subtle sparkles on the eyes and just a little mascara. 
To us, this make-up on Sandra Bullock feels like a classic 00s red carpet look – more specifically, 2007, when the Met Gala theme was “Poiret: King of Fashion”. The sheeny pink lip and sparkly eyes feel very Miss Congeniality.
This look seen on Salma Hayek on the Met Gala red carpet back in 2019 is both bold and glamorous. The star paired a bright and warm orange-toned red lipstick with a classic smokey eye and fluterry lashes for maximum impact. 
For the 2018 Met Gala red carpet, Anne Hathaway opted for quite classic make-up to go with her statement hair accessory with one twist – a pop of shimmery and glittery eyeshadow in the middle of the lower lash line to really accentuate her eyes. 
Another brilliant case for the versatility of the purple palette, we love how the shades of Mindy Kaling's make-up perfectly match her dress here. The star opted for mega fluttery lashes, warm magenta eyeshadow and a frosted lip for the 2022 gala. 
Another strong case for why a smokey eye is a classic on the red carpet, supermodel Cindy Crawford paired hers with a pale pink lip at the 2016 Met Gala, which was themed "Manus x Machina: Fashion In An Age Of Technology". 
You can’t go wrong with a flick of eyeliner, which is why it’s such a popular choice among celebrities for red carpet events. Michelle Yeoh’s make-up looks gorgeous here at the 2023 gala, pairing her liner with a flush of blusher and lip gloss. 
This look seen on Julia Roberts feels like classic 2000s Hollywood. The star opted for glowy cheeks, pink lipstick and sparkly eyes for the 2008 Met Gala whose theme was “Superheroes: Fashion and Fantasy”.
Lucy is a UK-based beauty journalist who has written for titles including Marie Claire, Glamour and OK!, as well as contributing to woman&home. Her work covers everything from expert skin and haircare advice to beauty trends and reviews of the latest products. During her career she regularly speaks to the industry's leading hairdressers, dermatologists and make-up artists, has covered backstage at London Fashion Week and interviewed many a celeb about their beauty routine.

Smeg's Soda Maker has made sparkling drinks stylish all over again. I've got a sneak peek into exactly what this is like. Here's everything you need to know


When the experiment came to an end, did Rhi and Jeff from MAFS Australia 2025 go the distance?


Woman & Home is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.