Getty Images, MEGA(2)
Kylie Jenner‘s wardrobe seemed to take a 180-degree style makeover once she began dating actor Timothée Chalamet. She toned down her racier, body-flaunting looks in favor of softer and more feminine clothing items.
Fans first took notice of Kylie sporting a romantic white sundress with a delicate floral pattern in June 2023. One fan on Instagram told the lip kit mogul she was “In your Timothée era.”
The couple hard launched their relationship at a September 5, 2023, Beyoncé concert, followed by a trip to the U.S. Open five days later where they kissed and cuddled in TV cutaways.
Kylie’s followers really noticed her style change during the various 2024 fashion weeks, where she wore much more conservative outfits while donning softer and more neutral color palettes.
1 of 10
Courtesy of Kylie Jenner/Instagram
While rumors swirled around Kylie and Timothée’s romance after they were spotted coming and going from each other’s homes, she wore a lovely floral sundress featuring puffy sleeves in June 2023 that was very out of the lip kit mogul’s usual style wheelhouse. 
Fans took notice in the comments section of her post, writing, “This is so Timothee coded,” “Timmy has his effects” and “Timothee changed her style.”
2 of 10
Getty Images
For their coming out on national TV at the U.S. Open on September 10, 2023, Kylie wore a plain black T-shirt and jeans while kissing Timothée in the stands. She even had her long brunette locks pulled back in a plastic clip. 
3 of 10
Jacopo M. Raule/Getty Images for Prada
The cosmetics mogul looked so chic in a black turtleneck dress with a crystal overlay skirt at the Prada Spring/Summer 2024 Womenswear fashion show during Milan Fashion Week on September 21, 2023. 
4 of 10
MEGA
The businesswoman wore a head-to-toe white dress with a high neckline while leaving dinner at Paris’ Siena restaurant on September 26, 2023.
5 of 10
Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for WSJ. Magazine Innovators Awards
Kylie dressed to impress in a strapless sleek black Ferragamo gown at WSJ Magazine’s 13th annual Innovator Awards in November 2023. Once inside, Timothée joined his girlfriend as she was honored as Brand Innovator of the Year.

6 of 10
Getty Images
Timothée made Kylie awards show official by bringing her as his date to the Golden Globes on January 7, 2024. She wore a long-sleeved nude gown with a glittery black patterned overlay as they sat together inside the event. 
7 of 10
MEGA
Kylie returned to Siena for dinner during Paris Fashion Week on January 23, 2024, stepping out in a long black dress with sheer fabric high on her shoulders. 
8 of 10
Pierre Suu/Getty Images
Fans went wild over Kylie’s off-white ​mini dress with a soft sheer floor-length overlay as she attended the Jean Paul Gaultier Haute Couture Spring/Summer 2024 show at Paris Fashion Week on January 24, 2024.
9 of 10
Getty Images
Kylie wore a glittering silver floor length gown to the Maison Margiela PFW show the following day, featuring short sleeves and a T-shirt style neckline. 
10 of 10
Getty Images
The California native donned a stunning red minidress with padded shoulders and draping while sitting front row at the Jacquemus Paris Fashion Week show on January 29, 2024. It was one of the rare times she broke away from neutral tones during her romance with Timothée.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: