On Threads — that’s Mark Zuckerberg’s Twitter knockoff that you probably downloaded but rarely use — a woman who says she does “Public Relations and Influencer Consulting for growing brands” made a ridiculous statement about a very famous person who’s been having a very trying year.
“I hesitate to think of a celebrity who is having a worse 2024 than Jennifer Lopez,” she posted. “In my PR groups there has been some serious collective shuddering going on when her name comes up.”
You know who’s having a far worse 2024 than Lopez, and deservedly so? Sean “Diddy” Combs, her former boyfriend. Accusations of sexual misconduct against him continue to add up; federal agents raided his homes in Florida and California; and a recently discovered 2016 surveillance video showed him repeatedly assaulting his then-girlfriend, Cassie Ventura. Published reports claim a federal indictment against Combs may be imminent.
At last count, Lopez canceled her underselling summer tour, made some deeply questionable career choices, attended the recent Met Gala solo, and, according to persistent rumors, may be having problems in her not-yet-two-year-old marriage to Ben Affleck.
Advertisement
That these could be interpreted as anything other than rough patches in her personal and professional lives — which every adult experiences — is just silly. And it’s not just that woman on Threads who seems to be concern-trolling and deriving great delight from Lopez’s public problems.
Which makes me wonder: Why are so many people hating on Lopez?
Lopez, or J.Lo, as she’s commonly known, has been in the public eye for more than 30 years. Dating back to her days as one of the Fly Girls dancing on “In Living Color,” an early 1990s sketch comedy show, she’s been an entertainment fixture. Her appearance in Janet Jackson’s “That’s the Way Love Goes” video also garnered attention, and in Jackson, Lopez may have found a blueprint for her own career goals. Like Jackson, Lopez doesn’t have the strongest singing voice, but she is a great dancer, can work an audience, and looks awfully good while doing it.
Advertisement
Her starring role in 1997′s “Selena,” about Selena Quintanilla, the beloved Tejano singer, gave Lopez a massive boost. Even though she lip-synced to the late Selena’s recordings, few were surprised when Lopez released her debut album, “On the 6,″ two years later.
What was immediately clear was that Lopez was styling herself as a multi-hyphenate talent: Singer-dancer-actress. But her overt ambition, combined with a personal life that was manna for tabloids, seemed to signal the early signs of J.Lo fatigue, if not outright vexation.
At least to me, some of this sentiment stems from the sexist idea that an ambitious woman is unseemly. Men are allowed to strive and, frankly, do whatever they want. But a woman who does the same, especially unapologetically, is branded as annoying for grasping beyond her allowed reach.
While never a Lopez fan, I don’t understand the depth of hate for her, which has pretty much become a social media cottage industry. It’s been months since even a casual scroll on Instagram, for example, hasn’t produced reels (that likely originated on TikTok) from people giving breathless testimonials about how mean or terrible Lopez is. Or how delulu, as in delusional, she was to believe she could charge Beyoncé-level prices for tickets to her now-canceled tour.
Advertisement
There’s also an underlying sense that some believe that Lopez, at 54, has aged out of pop stardom, something that never happens to male performers no matter how ridiculous they may look gyrating in public deep into their AARP years. Men are allowed to ripen, but women of a certain age are seen as withering and are expected to go away. Compare the some of the snark that accompanied Madonna’s return to the concert stage at 65 with the praise for Mick Jagger at 80 during the Rolling Stones’s ongoing tour. When women refuse to retreat, they’re ripped apart in headlines and on social media, piece by piece.
Decade after decade, there are celebrities who are universally loved — Dolly Parton, Keanu Reeves, and Tom Hanks come to mind. Then there are those like Lopez, this Puerto Rican woman from the Bronx who, despite decades of success, is still treated like a gate-crasher forcing her way into places where she doesn’t belong.
Perhaps aware of the harsh public discourse, Lopez recently used her newsletter to thank fans for their support. “It may seem like there’s a lot of negativity out in the world right now . . . but don’t let the voices of a few drown out that there is soooo much love out there.”
There’s nothing wrong with the occasional potshot at an overinflated celebrity. But it’s become a relentless pile-on during J.Lo’s annus horribilis. Of course, that may say less about her and more about the delulu people spending so much time deriding someone whose actions and choices have no impact on their own, perhaps even messier lives.
Advertisement
Renée Graham is a Globe columnist. She can be reached at renee.graham@globe.com. 
follow us
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information