September 3, 2024
12:00 AM
(Photo by Victor VIRGILE/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images)
For lovers of haute couture and those who always “got that thing on,” your season is upon you. New York Fashion Week is fast approaching, with a diverse slate of talented designers debuting their latest collections. From September 6th to September 11th, runways and showcases for New York Fashion Week’s Spring/Summer 2025 season will be displayed. 
As writer Melissa Kimble once said, “This world does not move without Black creativity.” Let’s look at some notable Black designers whose creativity will set the trends and shake the table at NYFW Fall 2024.
September 6: A. Potts
“URBANOCEANA” is the title of A. Potts’ Spring/Summer 2025 collection taking inspiration from “deep sea and the neverending sky, the beauty of aquatic life,” along with other mythological and natural elements. The brand, founded by designer Aaron Potts, has become known for its unisex selection of clean, modern, and stylish garments. For this New York Fashion Week, attendees can expect iridescent, shimmering fabrics, mixed denim, and multiple shades of blue in what is sure to be an exciting showcase for A. Potts.
September 7: Who Decides War
The buzzy brand founded by designer power couple Ev Bravado and Tela D’Amore has established itself for redefining Americana style through a youthful lens, notable for its innovative use of denim with unique, stained-glass-inspired designs. The brand to watch has already garnered attention from model Alton Mason and rapper Ice Spice.
September 7: Sergio Hudson
Known for dressing heavy-hitters from Beyoncé and Keke Palmer to Lupita Nyong'o and VP Kamala Harris and Michelle Obama, designer Sergio Hudson has established himself as a designer of inclusive fashions that empower the wearer to feel powerful, sexy, elegant, and glamorous. Little is known yet about his Spring/Summer 2025 collection, but the designer will surely wow us with an inspired show.
September 7: Advisry
Dubbed by Vogue “the emerging brand on the block,” Advisry was founded in 2014 by then-13-year-old Keith Herron, also known as “Rooftop.” The streetwear brand has made a name for itself for its unique take on classic silhouettes, having dressed figures like athlete Steph Curry and musician Brent Faiyaz. Advisry has expanded beyond fashion to be a multimedia brand that produces films and releases music. It recently ventured into sneakers with its “Vector” shoe, which may make an appearance in this fall show. 
September 8: OFF-WHITE
Started in 2013 by the late Virgil Abloh, this established Milan-based mega brand known for elevating luxury modern streetwear has long been a mainstay at Paris Fashion Week but will be making its New York Fashion Week debut this fall. This marks a new era for the brand, now led by Creative Director Ib Kamara, who hinted that the collection will further last season’s “conversation between West African artisanship and North American sportswear.”
September 9: Diotima 
From Jamaican designer Rachel Scott, seeking to present a “seductive and nuanced vision of Caribbean style,” Diotima has emerged as a brand to watch, having dressed the likes of singer Tems, with looks notable for their Jamaican-inspired signature crystal mesh and crochet doily motifs. Scott has said people can expect “​​very exciting material developments and silhouettes” from her this Fashion Week.
September 9: Theophilio
Theophilio is the brainchild of Edvin Thompson, a Jamaican-American designer who views the brand as “a wearable biography,” using it to express his multicultural identity. The Brooklyn-based contemporary clothing brand dabbles in vibrant colors, bold patterns, and mesh materials, balanced with more understated pieces. Theopilio has dressed singers Victoria Monet, Tyla, and Normani.
September 9: LaQuan Smith 
The established Queens-born designer LaQuan Smith and his eponymous brand is known for its glamorous, sleek, and form-fitting formal wear, with a deep roster of celebrity clientele, from Usher to Taraji P. Henson. This fall, the Andre Leon Talley protege is presenting a line at the intersection of fashion and technology in collaboration with Samsung. LaQuan will be debuting a line of sleepwear titled Lucid Dream by Laquan Smith | Samsung, inspired by the wearable design of the new Samsung Galaxy Ring.
September 11: Sebastien Ami 
The philosophy behind this brand from Haitian-American designer and artist Sebastien Amisial and partner Marianne Brehmer is “ART WOVEN DESIGN.” As he prepares to make his first official New York Fashion Week runway show, titled “LIFE,” the designer, notable for his “sketch, design, produce” model, has a penchant for classic, timeless silhouettes. 
Another notable Black designer with a collection debuting this New York Fashion Week is Frederick Anderson (September 11). Some honorable mentions for emerging Black designers holding their own NYFW show this fall are Negris LeBrum, Rene Tyler Designs, Dur Duox, Dell Scott, and Tiffany Brown. 
Public events during this fall’s New York Fashion Week include Essence Fashion House, FashionBombDaily’s Bomb Fashion Show, and Emerge Fashion Show.
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.