Park News
Adventure Landing
An amusement park in Far North Dallas was purchased by the City of Dallas to be developed into a community park. The Dallas City Council voted during its December 11 meeting to buy Adventure Landing, a 30-year-old amusement park at 17717 Coit Rd. for the sum of $13.7 million with a goal to keep the park in business.
The 13.5-acre property has been an entertainment venue for the past 30 years, with mini golf, batting cages, soccer fields, and arcade games.
The previous owner, the Hildebrand family, previously turned down much bigger offers from developers because they wanted the buyer to carry on their mission and keep the park a park.
The Park and Recreation Department will operate the soccer fields, and Adventure Landing will manage all other facilities until a future park is constructed.
In November, the Park and Recreation Board unanimously approved the land acquisition item and recommended approval to the City Council.
“With the cost of land in the north Dallas area increasing in value, we are fortunate to secure this property to make sure residents have access to green spaces and new recreational amenities,” says Dallas Park and Recreation Board President Arun Agarwal in a statement. “Acquiring land in certain fully developed areas of the City for park purposes is exceedingly difficult, and this acquisition represents a unique opportunity for us as a city.”
A release says there aren't many parks in the area, and the closest parks are Preston Ridge Trail to the west, Twin Lakes Park to the south, and the Cotton Belt Trail, which is currently in the works.
“This acquisition represents far more than the purchase of land – it symbolizes a pivotal investment in addressing a critical need within a community with the fewest parks in the entire city,"  says District 12 Park and Recreation Board Member Lane Conner in a statement. "By creating this new park, we are taking a transformative step toward providing every resident, no matter their neighborhood, with access to exceptional green spaces."
Adventure Landing will keep the same name and management team under the new ownership.
Soccer News
A new era of professional soccer is coming to North Texas: The soccer entity previously known as USL Dallas has a new identity, called Atlético Dallas.
USL Dallas, now known as Atlético Dallas, is a professional soccer team coming in 2027 as part of the USL Championship. Founded by soccer enthusiasts Matt Valentine and Sam Morton, it'll be part of the United Soccer League (USL) Championship, in partnership with the city of Garland. It'll be the second men's soccer team in the region, joining FC Dallas a professional soccer club based in Frisco that plays in Major League Soccer (MLS).
The announcement about the new branding was made during a fanfare-filled event in downtown Garland on May 2 featuring appearances by local personalities such as Armando “El Chiquilín” Ulloa of La Grande 107.5 FM, who also joins the club as a minority owner and brand ambassador.
“This brand launch is more than a name reveal —it's a declaration of who we are and what we stand for,” Valentine said. “Atlético Dallas reflects our ambition, our roots in the game, and our commitment to uniting the community through our shared love of soccer."
Part of the new brand identity includes bold team colors: Texas Topaz (light blue), Blackland Crude (black), Silver Ore (metallic silver), and white. Hey sounds like Cowboys colors. There are also wolf and snake mascots.
Atlético Dallas' youth division will now be known as Atlético Dallas Youth, following a recently announced partnership with Renegades Soccer Club. With more than 2,500 young athletes and a reputation for competitive excellence, the transition will strengthen the club’s commitment to developing homegrown talent through a clear and direct pathway to the pros.
The club is preparing to kick off play in the USL Championship in 2027, joining the fastest-growing professional soccer organization in the U.S.