Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Rihanna arrived in India with A$AP Rocky ahead of a highly anticipated performance at a pre-wedding event.
Feb. 29 2024, Published 7:30 p.m. ET
Rihanna has touched down in Gujrat, India, ahead of what will surely be one of the largest events of the new year: the pre-wedding celebration of billionaire heir Anant Ambani.
Ambani is set to exchange vows with fiancée Radhika Merchant this July but is kicking off the festivities early with a three-day extravaganza in Jamnagar, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Rihanna has touched down in Gujrat, India, ahead of what will surely be one of the largest events of the new year.
RiRi will treat attendees to a rare performance of her biggest hits, according to reports. Punjabi music star Diljit Dosanjh and magician David Blaine will also be taking the stage to wow the crowd.
On Thursday, the Barbadian beauty was seen making a stylish entrance when she arrived alongside boyfriend A$AP Rocky for the event in honor of the youngest son of the country's richest man. It will be held at the extravagant Ambani Estate.
Among those included on the star-studded guestlist are Meta CEO Mark Zuckerburg, Disney CEO Bob Iger, former first daughter Ivanka Trump, former presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, and Microsoft founder Bill Gates. Roughly 1200 people are invited.
Attendees will, however, need to honor a detailed, nine-page dress code during the event which will feature a cocktail party, sightseeing, and a visit to an animal rescue sanctuary.
Ambani is set to exchange vows with fiancée Radhika Merchant this July but is kicking off the festivities early with a three-day extravaganza in Jamnagar.
Luckily, there will be a glam squad ready to rock as hair stylists and makeup artists will be on hand for guests, according to The Times.
In advance of the three-day celebration, the couple's caterers served a traditional Gujarati meal to some 51,000 residents of Jamnagar's Jogwad village.
The couple will spare no expense at the event, which comes years after Ambani's sister Isha married Anand Piramal in a lavish ceremony in 2018.
Her wedding was reported to have cost $100 million and featured a performance by Beyoncé.
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky, who share two children, appeared in great spirits while arriving in India after debuting a new Fenty beauty short film they collaborated on.
RiRi will treat attendees to a rare performance of her biggest hits, according to reports.
RadarOnline.com exclusively learned last year that they were in no rush to tie the knot. "Rocky would get married tomorrow if Rihanna would agree," one tipster close to the couple said. They are still going strong now. 
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
"We're best friends with a baby," she previously told British Vogue. "We have to be on the same page, but we've always kind of had that in our relationship. Everything changes when you have a baby but I wouldn't say it's done anything but made us closer."
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky, who share two children together, appeared to be in great spirits while arriving in India after debuting a new Fenty beauty short film they collaborated on.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.