By JOE HUTCHISON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:02, 2 November 2024   |  Updated:  08:04, 3 November 2024   
 6.5k
View  comments
Actor Harrison Ford has revealed he will be backing Kamala Harris for the presidency with just days until the election. 
The 82-year-old star said in a dramatic black-and-white clip he would be backing the vice president and tore into Donald Trump. 
The Indiana Jones actor said: 'I've been voting for 64 years, never really wanted to talk about it very much, but when dozens of former members of the Trump administration are sounding alarms, saying 'for god sake don't do this again', you have to pay attention. 
'They're telling us something important, these aren't soft people. They are governors, generals, standing up against the leader of the party they spent their lives advocating for.'
Ford explained in some cases people will be voting Democrat for the first time in their life over fears of Trump winning the race to the White House. 
The 82-year-old star said in a dramatic black-and-white clip that he would be backing the incumbent Vice President
He continued: 'For many of them, this will be the first time they've ever voted for someone who doesn't have an R next to their name. 
'They know this really matters, the truth is this - Kamala Harris will protect your right to disagree with her about her policies or her ideas.
'As we have done for centuries, we'll debate them. We'll work on them together, and we'll move forward.'
'The other guy, he demands unquestioning loyalty, says he wants revenge. I'm Harrison Ford. I've got one vote - same as anyone else - and I'm going to use it to move forward. I'm going to vote for Kamala Harris.'
In another clip released in collaboration with the Harris campaign, Ford said that he didn't agree with them on every policy, nor does he think they're perfect.
He added: [But] these two people believe in the rule of law. They believe in science. They believe that when you govern, you do so for all Americans.
'They believe that we are in this together. These are ideas I believe in. These are people I can get behind.'  
The Star Wars actor noted he was frustrated with aspects of the country but warned: 'The other guy, he spent four years turning us against each other while embracing dictators and tyrants around the world.
'That's not who we are. We don't need to make America great again. Come on, we are great, but what we need is to work together again. What we need is a president who works for all of us again.' 
Harris is seen here speaking at a rally at the Atlanta Civic Center on Saturday in Atlanta, Georgia
Ford is seen here with his wife Calista Flockhart as they attend the premiere of his tv show Shrinking in September 
Ford said that he didn't agree with Harris and Walz on every policy, nor does he think they're perfect in his endorsement video
Ford is seen here in character as Indiana Jones in the 1989 film 'The Last Crusade'
Addressing those who remain undecided on how to vote, he added: 'If you're still on the fence, here's a good thing to look at: Who's trying to scare you into voting for them? 
'Who's trying to make you look at your neighbors with anger, suspicion, hatred, and who is encouraging you to build something with the people around you? It would be really nice to move forward.'
His comments concerning former Trump administration officials seem to refer to John Kelly, who served on Trump's staff from 2017 to 2019. 
Earlier last month he doubled down on claims he made that Trump once said 'Hitler did some good things' and had even praised the Nazi dictator. 
Trump's campaign have consistently denied the claims made by Kelly, who had described his former boss as 'the general definition of a fascist'. 
His former Vice President Mike Pence has also refused to endorse him, citing 'profound differences' between the two. 
In 1997 Ford played the part of the President of the United States in the political action thriller Air Force One, seen here
Ford is seen here alongside then President Bill Clinton and British Prime Minister Tony Blair at the White House
Ford is seen here alongside Carrie Fisher in the 1980 film Star Wars: Episode V – The Empire Strikes Back. He played character Han Solo in the epic space opera
Pence was Trump's loyal vice president for four years before falling out over Trump's efforts to cling illegally to power after losing the 2020 election. 
Ford joins a long line of celebrities who have publicly endorsed Harris and her running mate Tim Walz. 
The likes of Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, Eminem and Leonardo DiCaprio and others have already backed Harris. 
Ford had previously branded Donald Trump a 'son of a b****' while appearing on The Jimmy Kimmel show in 2020 and spoke out about his views on global warming. 
He said in 2017: 'We face an unprecedented moment in this country. Today's greatest threat is not climate change, not pollution, not flood or fire. 
'It's that we've got people in charge of important s*** who don't believe in science.' 
In 2020 he also came out and encouraged voters to back President Joe Biden, again raising concerns of Trump's take on the environment and global warming. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group