From the brat girl aesthetic to Capote's swans, here's how to stand out on October 31.
Every item on this page was chosen by a Town & Country editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
I think we can all agree 2024 has thus far been a year to remember, right? From the Paris Olympics, to the Brat girl aesthetic that's been taking over feeds, to the many binge-worthy TV series, there has been no shortage of major pop culture moments over the last 10 months. And now with Halloween just around the corner (it's less than 2 weeks away), it couldn't be a better time to go down memory lane and recreate some of these said defining moments through costumes. To help with your search (and in case you need reminding), I am sharing some of my favorite pop culture Halloween costume ideas of 2024, along with suggestions on how to get each look. 
Ryan Murphy kicked off 2024 on a dramatic note with the highly-anticipated release of Feud: Capote vs the Swans, a retelling of Truman Capote's relationship with his socialite lady friends. One of the most memorable episodes of the series follows Capote's legendary Black and White Ball at the Plaza, and the looks worn at the event can easily be DIY'd for Halloween. All that's needed is your most fabulous ball gown, a pair of opera gloves, and masquarade mask—simple as that.
The buzz around Swift and Kelce's whirlwind romance continues. While there are many ways to emulate the couple's iconic looks from over the year, the easiest way to stand out is by channeling the popstar's Eras Tour costume and Kelce's Kansas City's Chiefs uniform. 
If Barbie was 2023's hottest movie-inspired Halloween costume, then the upcoming Wicked adaptation is no doubt the biggest of 2024... or should I say the most pop-u-lar? Here are some options to shop if that's the route you want to go. Just remember: if you're going to be Elphaba, don't forget the green face paint!
If you loved Challengers as much as T&C did, here's your chance to emulate Zendaya's  character's effortless tenniscore style with the iconic "I Told Ya" shirt that Loewe created.  
The 2024 Olympics was one to remember, from Simone Biles's historic gold medal wins to Katie Ledecky's victory in the Women's 1500-Meter Freestyle Final. Ralph Lauren dressed team USA for the 3-week sporting event, and many of the pieces from the Olympics collection is still available and currently on sale.
Brat girl summer may be over, but brat girl fall is here—and there are tons of way to embody the Charli XCX aesthetic over Halloween.
This ain't Texas, but you can dress like it is on Halloween night by channeling Beyoncé's latest album, Cowboy Carter. 
Dearest gentle reader, if you want to look like the diamond of the season, there's only way to do so: by dressing up in Regency era garb like your favorite Bridgerton character.
Emily in Paris returned this year with a whole new kaleidoscopic wardrobe. My favorite look of the bunch, however, was this black and white catsuit-dress hybrid inspired by Audrey Hepburn's Eliza Doolittle in My Fair Lady and Capote's black and white ball. 
The Beetlejuice sequel finally hit theaters earlier this year, and I can think of no better timely costume than everyone's favorite ghost. Just make sure no one yells your name three times on Halloween night!
Sophie Dweck is the Associate Shopping Editor for Town & Country, where she covers all things fashion, beauty and lifestyle, shares her expertise on the most worthwhile luxury products, tests and writes in-depth reviews on the very best essentials worth investing in, as well breaking news about the latest launches, and of course, reports on the biggest sales and deals to shop no matter the day. Some of her favorite items to date are Gwyneth Paltrow's ski trial cardigan, the Hotel Chocolat Velvetiser, and ZIIP’s microcurrent device. When Sophie isn't testing state-of-the art beauty tech or breaking down TikTok aesthetics, she loves indulging in BonBon sweets (Sorbisars, for the win!) and finding the next trend before it goes viral.
Easy Halloween Costume Ideas for Men
7 Barbie Costume Ideas to Wear This Halloween
Martha Stewart's Halloween Costume
The Weekly Covet: Halloween Edition
The Best Halloween Movies Streaming on Netflix
'Yellowstone' Halloween Costume Ideas
Taylor Swift & Travis Kelce Halloween Costume Idea
Halloween Mocktails
Halloween Cocktails That Are Scarily Delicious
60 Must-Watch Halloween Movies
No Barbie Halloween Costumes for Striking Actors
8 Halloween Countdown Calendars
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.