ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - FEBRUARY 13:  Beyonce leaves the Luar fashion show at 154 Scott in Brooklyn ... More during New York Fashion Week on February 13, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by James Devaney/GC Images)
Beyoncé has spent decades dominating the Billboard charts. She’s ruled over general tallies, as well as genre-specific ones that focus on pop, R&B, hip-hop and dance/electronic. This coming week, she’ll make her career debut on a list that looks at one style she’s venturing into in a major way.
Billboard reports that when its charts refresh in a few days, Beyoncé will appear on one of its country rankings for the first time. The singer’s “Texas Hold ‘Em” is set to land on the company’s Country Airplay tally next week.
“Texas Hold ‘Em” is expected to debut at No. 54 on the list of the tunes that rack up the largest number of audience impressions at radio stations across the U.S. that play only country music. The Country Airplay chart is longer than most of Billboard’s songs tallies, and it features more spaces than any other radio list. That fact helped Beyoncé, as if the ranking didn’t include 60 spots—as other radio ones do not—her latest single wouldn’t have been able to carve out a home.
According to Billboard, “Texas Hold ‘Em” racked up 1.1 million audience impressions at country radio in the first few days it was available. Beyoncé’s label Columbia Records sent the tune to country radio just after it debuted on streaming platforms and online download storefronts on Sunday after the Super Bowl. While there were reports that some country stations were not interested in playing the superstar, it seems that others are open to it and including the cut in rotation.
“Texas Hold ‘Em” marks Beyoncé’s first appearance on any of Billboard’s country charts, though that may not be the case for much longer. The single–as well as another she released at the same time, “16 Carriages”–are expected to debut on a number of rankings in a few days. That will likely include the Country Digital Song Sales chart, if not also tallies like the Hot Country Songs and Country Streaming Songs rankings as well.
Beyoncé isn’t known for her country output, but she has dabbled in the genre before. Her song “Daddy Lessons” was decidedly country in style and sound, but it was not included on any of Billboard’s charts dedicated to that genre. Instead, it appeared on some R&B/hip-hop lists instead, which raised eyebrows at the time.