Just days before Beautifully Broken drops on Friday (Oct. 11), Jelly Roll is filling in the details about what fans can expect from his highly-anticipated new album.
Turns out, the singer wasn't kidding when he said in a recent tweet that he was planning to release "the most music I've ever dropped at once." Beautifully Broken contains a whopping 22 songs, much of which fans have never heard before, and a few big surprises.
Three feature artists join Jelly on the album, and all of them are from outside the country genre. Fans might be most familiar with Machine Gun Kelly, who teamed up with Jelly for "Lonely Road" earlier this fall, a song that won Crossover Song of 2024 at this year's People's Choice Country Awards.
The dynamic duo are back with another, as-yet-unheard duet on the Beautifully Broken tracklist. That song is titled "Time of Day."
Other collaborators on Jelly's upcoming album are rap superstar Wiz Khalifa and singer-songwriter Ilsey, who released her debut project as a recording artist in 2023 after a long career of writing hits for the likes of Beyoncé and Miley Cyrus.
Genre-bending is a bit of a specialty for Jelly, who's got a background as a rapper. He has previously collaborated with out-of-genre artists like Jessie Murph and Eminem, as well as a slew of fellow country stars, including Lainey Wilson, Cody Johnson and Dustin Lynch.
Though much of the tracklist of Beautifully Broken is brand new, there is a small handful of songs fans have heard already, including the project's lead single "I Am Not Okay," "Liar and the recently-released "Winning Streak."
The singer's wife Bunnie Xo has also teased snippets of a couple of the new songs. She shared a preview of "Woman," a love ballad he wrote for her, on her social media in September. This week, she previewed another song — an emotional tribute to survivors of childhood violence and abuse.
Beautifully Broken arrives on Friday (Oct. 11).
Jelly Roll, Beautifully Broken Tracklist:
1. "Winning Streak"2. "Burning"3. "Heart of Stone"4. "I Am Not Okay"5. "When the Drugs Don't Work" (feat. Ilsey)6. "Higher Than Heaven" (feat. Wiz Khalifa)7. "Liar"8. "Everyone Bleeds"9. "Get By"10. "Unpretty"11. "Grace"12. "What it Takes"13. "Hey Mama"14. "Time of Day" (feat. MGK)15. "Born Again"16. "Guilty"17. "Little Light"18. "Hear Me Out"19. "Woman"20. "Smile So Much"21. "My Cross"22. "What's Wrong With Me"
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes