TribLIVE's Daily and Weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox.
Could Taylor Swift be a surprise guest during Vice President Kamala Harris’ campaign rally and concert in Pittsburgh on Monday?
Hopeful fans have been speculating online since Harris confirmed a Point State Park appearance via an email sent to supporters and obtained by TribLive. The email mentions that Harris will be joined by “special guests” for the concert — but it did not say who.
A spokesman for the Harris campaign declined comment on Friday.
Swift is allegedly free Monday night, according to The Eras Tour website — as her shows will wrap up in Indianapolis on Sunday night. She’s not set to perform again until Nov. 14 in Toronto.
Timeline: posting hoping that kamala brings Taylor swift with her to PA monday for the news effect
Me: hoping kamala brings Taylor swift to PA with her monday because it would be completely hilarious to watch the secret service have to secure the point against 10000 swifties
— Jake Halloran (@jakehalloran1) November 1, 2024
Does anybody think any undecided voters will be influenced by a “surprise” appearance by Taylor Swift with Kamala?
— Tim Knoch (@Octim1) November 1, 2024
If Kamala Harris can pull it out in Michigan and Pennsylvania that may be the deathblow to Trump. Would love to see Taylor Swift join Kamala on Monday in Pennsylvania. Trump would soil his drawers!
— Brad (@Bradfromches) November 1, 2024
The Harris campaign offered no comment on the potential of a performance by Swift or other superstar artists such as Beyoncé, Lady Gaga, Chappell Roan or Sabrina Carpenter.
It’s not out of the ordinary for Harris to roll out the celebrities during her public appearances.
Beyoncé endorsed Harris when speaking at Harris’ rally in Houston. Bruce Springsteen and John Legend performed at a Philadelphia rally.
For Harris’ birthday, she said, Stevie Wonder sang her “Happy Birthday” in person.
Gracie Abrams, who is an opener for Swift’s Eras Tour, performed at Harris’ Wisconsin rally on Wednesday, alongside Mumford & Sons, Remi Wolf, and The National’s Aaron Dessner and Matt Berninger, according to Billboard. Dessner has co-written and co-produced songs for Swift.
A Swift appearance would make a huge news splash, just as her Instagram endorsement did after the presidential debate in September.
The Pittsburgh area has received more visits from presidential candidates than any region in the country.
Pennsylvania is the largest swing state in the country with 19 Electoral College votes, and polling shows Harris and former President Donald Trump are locked in a dead heat.
Making Monday “A Tale of Two Rallies,” Trump has also announced an appearance at 6 p.m. just across the city at PPG Paints Arena.
Pittsburgh Public Schools said it will operate on a half-day schedule on Monday — due to anticipated large crowds and road closures expected to impact the city.
“The Pittsburgh Police Department has informed the district that political engagements from each presidential candidate will likely lead to significant disruptions to the afternoon commute, prompting PPS to make this adjustment to ensure a smooth and safe transition home for students,” the district said.
Allegheny County and the City of Pittsburgh also jointly announced an early dismissal for non-essential county and city workers at noon on Monday.
“The City and the County are also encouraging individuals and businesses to avoid unnecessary travel in and around Downtown Monday afternoon to reduce traffic and parking congestion likely to be caused by the events,” the release said.
After the Pittsburgh rally and concert, Harris will also be holding a rally and concert in Philadelphia Monday evening, according to new reports.
That rally will be held from 5 p.m. to 9 p.m., according to CBS News-Philadelphia.
Newsweek has reported that Swift may actually attend the Philadelphia rally, instead of Pittsburgh.
And before coming to Pittsburgh, the vice president will appear at an early afternoon rally in Allentown.
Megan Swift is a TribLive reporter covering trending news in Western Pennsylvania. A Murrysville native, she joined the Trib full time in 2023 after serving as editor-in-chief of The Daily Collegian at Penn State. She previously worked as a Jim Borden Scholarship intern at the Trib for three summers. She can be reached at mswift@triblive.com. 


Remove the ads
 from your TribLIVE reading experience
but still support the journalists
who create the content with TribLIVE Ad-Free.

Get Ad-Free >

Stay up-to-date on important news from TribLIVE
TribLIVE's Daily and Weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox.
1-800-909-8742
Fax (724) 779-8743
210 Wood StreetTarentum, PA 15084
© 2025 Trib Total Media | All Rights Reserved
About Us
Advertise
Career Opportunities
Contact Advertising
Contact Newsroom
Contact Us
Feedback
Request Correction
Resource Center
Scholarship Opportunities
Send Letter to the Editor
Send News Tip
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
Blog
Email Newsletters
eTrib
Facebook
Home Delivery
Instagram
LinkedIn
Marketing Minute
Store Locations
TribLIVE App - App Store
TribLIVE App - Google Play
X (formerly Twitter)
Arts & Entertainment
Best of the Best
Business Directory
Contests
Lifestyles
Local
News
YaJagOff
Obituaries
Opinion
Our Publications
Real Estate
Sports
Video
Weather
Cookie Settings
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service