Ending a storied career with style, grace, award-winning cuisine, and legendary internationally-acclaimed entertainment, AsiaSF—the San Francisco dinner theatre and cabaret featuring the world-famous transgender Ladies of AsiaSF—has announced that it is closing. The last dinner show will be Sunday, March 31, which is the 2024 International Transgender Day of Visibility.  
“It’s been an extraordinary run and an incredible privilege to work with our transgender Ladies of AsiaSF,” said Larry Hashbarger, CEO and a Founder of AsiaSF, who cited a changing nighttime environment post COVID-19 with the venue’s subsequent financial challenges as the reason for the closure. “We look forward to a lively last few weeks in which we continue to entertain, educate, and enliven. The legacy of AsiaSF will live on, having led the way in entertainment which celebrates everyone being their authentic selves.”
While the AsiaSF signature brick-and-mortar business at 201 9th Street in San Francisco’s South of Market District will close, the intellectual property of AsiaSF will continue.
“It’s very possible that pop-up editions of AsiaSF might come forth,” said Hashbarger. “This is very much a transition, and the end of an era. However, hopefully, it is the beginning of new opportunities for our vision and the Ladies of AsiaSF.”
AsiaSF was founded by Hashbarger and Skip Young in 1998 as a small business celebrating diversity and multiculturalism. The  restaurant, cabaret, and nightclub quickly became an iconic entertainment landmark that gained worldwide attention.
“AsiaSF has been a visionary pioneer in supporting the transgender community through empowerment by creating a safe space and unique employment opportunities that showcased our beautiful transgender stars, the Ladies of AsiaSF, said AsiaSF President/COO, Aaron Nelson. “For almost 26 years, The Ladies of AsiaSF, our star performers, have made audiences laugh, blush, and say, ‘Wow!'”
Under the direction of show director and choreographer Ronnie Reddick, guests have delighted in choreographed dance routines, lip sync numbers with beautiful costumes, and state-of-the-art sound and lights, which electrify AsiaSF’s dramatic runway stage. 
“This sisterhood of diverse performers has mastered the art of celebrating,” said Young. “By being their own authentic, welcoming selves, the Ladies of AsiaSF have always provided a warm, welcoming atmosphere that has made AsiaSF ‘Celebration Central’ for the Bay Area.”
With Vegas commercial style choreography by Reddick and award-winning Cal-Asian cuisine, AsiaSF is a unique, interactive cabaret and dinner entertainment experience. From the moment one enters, the internationally acclaimed Ladies of AsiaSF entertain and enlighten you, complete with stand-out-performances featuring original creations by Julian Mendez Couture and Prime Kreations of Los Angeles. Mendez has designed for Beyoncé, Kendall Jenner, Megan Thee Stallion, and other well-known individuals.Voted “One of the Top 100 Hottest Restaurants in America” and “Best Ambiance” by OpenTable, AsiaSF has hosted over one million patrons since it opened its doors in 1998. COVID-19 and the need for a seismic building retrofit created challenging conditions. Additionally, the pandemic changed the dining landscape.
“AsiaSF is a complete entertainment, food, and cocktail experience,” says Hashbarger, the Creator/Producer of Passport—America’s premier fashion show and HIV/AIDS fundraiser—during his three and a half decades as Director of Special Productions for Macy’s. “Our beautiful and talented transgender cast bring our guests into their world from the first second they enter the space. They serve drinks. They serve food. They dish up a song and dance experience that will have you applauding ‘til your hands are sore. They literally create a transformative experience. I couldn’t be prouder of these inspiring women.”Hashbarger said, “One of our missions of AsiaSF has always been to create a trans-positive environment that educates and raises awareness about living your truth and being your authentic self, while at the same time providing our guests with a ‘time of your life’ experience.”
All prices are inclusive of dinner and the shows, with cocktails priced separately. For individual reservations, groups, and special events, call 415- 255-2742 or go to https://asiasf.com/
Published on February 8, 2024
	
							© 2024, ↑ San Francisco Bay Times


Log in-					Posts - 
					Add New
				 -