Manage your account
Kevin Mazur/Getty 
The NFL is sticking with Jay-Z and his media company Roc Nation, commissioner Roger Goodell said, amid the recent rape allegations against the rapper.
Goodell, 65, said that the league is “aware” of the civil lawsuit recently filed against Jay-Z, 55, for allegedly participating with Sean “Diddy” Combs in the rape of a 13-year-old girl — but that Jay-Z's relationship with the league will remain intact, according to ESPN.
Goodell addressed the rape allegations after wrapping up the NFL’s winter meeting on Wednesday, Dec. 11, the outlet reported.
“We're aware of the civil allegations and Jay-Z's really strong response to that. We know the litigation is happening now. From our standpoint, our relationship is not changing with them, including our preparations for the next Super Bowl,” Goodell said.
Johnny Nunez/WireImage
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
Goodell continued, noting that since Jay-Z and Roc Nation teamed up with the NFL back in 2019 to oversee entertainment events and social activism — along with selecting the Super Bowl halftime show performer — the partnership has been highly beneficial.
“I think they're getting incredibly comfortable with not just with the Super Bowl but other events they've advised us on and helped us with," Goodell said of the partnership, which was just extended in August. “They've been a big help in the social justice area to us on many occasions. They've been great partners.”
Related: JAY-Z Has the Final Say on Who Headlines the Super Bowl Halftime Show — Find Out Why
Grammy-winning rapper Kendrick Lamar is slated to perform at the Super Bowl halftime show in New Orleans on Feb. 9, and Roc Nation will serve as one of the halftime show’s executive producers.
Jay-Z's wife Beyoncé will also tackle an upcoming halftime show, performing during the Baltimore Ravens-Houston Texans game on Christmas Day.
Gilbert Flores/Variety via Getty
Jay-Z was named in a civil lawsuit on Sunday, Dec. 8 as a participant in the alleged rape of a 13-year-old alongside Combs.
In the complaint, the woman, identified as Jane Doe, alleges that she was assaulted after she was driven to an MTV Video Music Awards afterparty in 2000.
The same civil lawsuit was originally filed in New York City in October with the names of two celebrities redacted and only listed Combs as a defendant. An amended complaint was filed on Sunday, Dec. 8, to name Jay-Z, legal name Shawn Carter.
Related: Jay-Z Denies Allegation of Raping a 13-Year-Old Girl in 2000 with Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs: ‘Heinous’
Jay-Z quickly took to social media to vehemently deny the allegations in a post on X, stating that the lawsuit was “a blackmail attempt” and slammed Jane Doe's attorney, Tony Buzbee.
"What he had calculated was the nature of these allegations and the public scrutiny would make me want to settle. No sir, it had the opposite effect! It made me want to expose you for the fraud you are in a VERY public fashion. So no, I will not give you ONE RED PENNY!!" the rapper’s statement read.
"These allegations are so heinous in nature that I implore you to file a criminal complaint, not a civil one!! Whomever would commit such a crime against a minor should be locked away, would you not agree? These alleged victims would deserve real justice if that were the case," Jay-Z continued.
On Monday, Dec. 9, Jay-Z’s attorney, Alex Spiro, filed paperwork in court requesting that a judge require the woman to "reveal her identity if she wants to continue the lawsuit," the Associated Press reported.
Related: Jay-Z's Lawyer Calls for Rape Lawsuit to be Dismissed if Accuser's Identity Isn't Revealed: Reports
Per ABC News, the motion also accused Jane Doe's attorney, Tony Buzbee, of conducting an "extortionate campaign" against Jay-Z.
If you or someone you know has been sexually assaulted, please contact the National Sexual Assault Hotline at 1-800-656-HOPE (4673) or go to rainn.org.
Read the original article on People