Get ready to turn Hobart City Hall into a vibrant Honkytonk for a night of line dancing, live music, and delicious food trucks.
The City of Hobart is inviting the community to the inaugural Hobart Hoedown on Saturday, June 8.
Deputy Lord Mayor Cr Dr Zelinda Sherlock said the City of Hobart was excited to support this event.
"The Hobart City Hall will be transformed into a lively Honkytonk on Saturday 8 June, featuring line dancing with Boots and All Line Dancing, a pop-up bar, live music, and food trucks," Cr Sherlock said.
"The City Hall location provides excellent accessibility, and we invite everyone to join us.
"There are no limitations, and you don't need a partner."
The event aims to deliver an opportunity for people of all abilities to come together for a fun night out and possibly learn a new skill.
Line Dancing origins might not be in Hobart but with the recent rise of country music's popularity including influences from artists like Beyoncé and Taylor Swift, the appeal of line dancing is growing in the city and across Tasmania.
Organiser Laura Rittenhouse said the Hobart Hoedown was a one-off, supercharged evening of line dancing and live music.
"The aim is to get people moving, laughing, and boot scootin' in a crowd of fun-loving Taswegians," Ms Rittenhouse said.
"The gallery at City Hall will be there for those wanting to take a break, but the floor is going to be packed with flannel shirts, big belt buckles, and ear-to-ear grins.
"I could list half-a-dozen good reasons why you'd want to try line dancing but the only one that matters for the Hoedown is that it's fun.
"It's fun in the privacy of your own home, it's better in a class, and it's going to be next level at the pop-up Honkytonk formerly known as City Hall."
Cr Dr Sherlock, who is also Hobart's Welcoming and Inclusive City Portfolio Chair, said this was an event for everyone.
"It's a good chance for all abilities to have a laugh, have some fun and get into the spirit of it by dressing up in theme," Cr Sherlock said.
Tickets for the Hobart Hoedown are available for a $10 donation, with 100 per cent of the ticket sales going to support Ten Lives Cat Shelter and the Dogs' Home of Tasmania.
Additionally, each ticket grants entry not only to the evening festivities from 7pm to 11pm but also to two afternoon workshops, running from 2pm to 3pm and 3pm to 4pm, all held at Hobart City Hall.
Ms Rittenhouse, who also runs the City's Healthy Hobart free line dancing classes, said it would get your heart racing as well as sooth your soul.
"From the afternoon's workshops to the evening's line dancing, all the way through to the closing song performed by the band, this is going to be an event not-to-miss," she said.
"Dancing is great exercise, music is good for the soul, and helping out the Dogs' Home of Tasmania and Ten Lives will warm your heart."
Tickets can be purchased online at here.