The Democratic National Convention Committee just announced the official line-up for the 2024 Convention, which kicks off next week in our great city! 
The festivities will begin on Monday, with various delegation gatherings, caucus meetings, and other events occurring during the day.
Then, that evening, DNC Chair Jaime Harrison will gavel in the first night of the convention. 
Former Secretary of State and 2016 Democratic Nominee Hillary Rodham Clinton (the first woman nominee for president of a major party) and current President Joe Biden will then address the convention and a national audience that is expected to be well into the millions.
On Tuesday, there will be several state delegation breakfasts, a morning press briefing, and a women’s caucus meeting. 
The afternoon will also include an array of caucus meetings, including the Disability Caucus, Youth Council, Rural Council, Veterans and Military Families Council, Poverty Council, and Interfaith Council. These meetings reflect the huge proverbial tent that is our party and the various communities we represent and are working to effect positive change within.
That evening, former President Barack Obama will headline the primetime speaking schedule. The first-ever Black President of the United States—making the case for his possible successor in that realm of history, as well as the would-be first-ever Black woman president—will truly be inspirational to behold!
On Wednesday morning, delegation breakfasts and press briefings will continue. There will also be a Black Caucus meeting, meetings of the Hispanic, AAPI and Native American Caucuses, and an Ethnic Council Meeting.
That afternoon, there will be a Labor Council meeting, a meeting of the LGBTQ+ Caucus, Small Business Council, Environmental and Climate Crisis Council and a Seniors Council Meeting. Once again, our diversity as a party will be on full display — a definite strength!
That evening, former President Bill Clinton will speak to the delegation and the national (and worldwide) audience at home. Then, he will introduce our nominee for Vice President, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz, for his first major speech as the official Vice Presidential nominee!
Finally, we will wrap up our convention on Thursday, starting with a morning of more delegation breakfasts and press briefings. The Women’s Caucus will also meet. Then, during the afternoon, the Disability Caucus will meet again, as will the Youth, Veterans & Military, and Rural Councils, which represent issue advocates on poverty eradication, and the Interfaith Council.
Then, that evening in primetime is the main event.
Our nominee for president and the potential first woman, Black woman and woman of Asian descent to ever hold this office, Kamala Devi Harris, is set to give what will undoubtedly be the most important speech of this dynamic and groundbreaking leader’s life. Literally, the entire nation and world will be watching. 
And there are even rumors that “Queen Bey” herself—yes, Mrs. Beyoncé—will be making an appearance. (I know I will be listening to “Cowboy Carter” in anticipation of this evening!).
As a Chicagoan, I could not be more proud that this absolutely historic event will be taking place right here, in the city we call home. As a Black Chicagoan and American, and the father of a baby boy who will grow up to be a Black man in this country, who I am raising with an incredible Black woman, this moment reminds me that the American Dream is, in fact, still very much within reach.
Please continue to watch this space and stay tuned to the Chicago Defender all this coming week. There will be live reporting and complete coverage of what is sure to be a truly unforgettable week!
Kouri C. Marshall is a proven leader, mentor, and community activist, driven by his own personal motto: “Character and consistency.”  Kouri has served as a political strategist, adviser and director for organizations, campaigns and projects ranging from the local to national level. This includes tenures serving as the Deputy Director of Agency Personnel and Executive Appointments in the Office of Illinois Governor JB Pritzker, Chief of Staff to the Cook County Commissioner for the 1st District and as the District of Columbia’s State Director for President Barack Obama’s re-election campaign, then as the Executive Director of Democratic GAIN, a national progressive political association with 42,000 members.
Kouri is the co-founder and Board Chairman of ChiGivesBack, Inc., a nonprofit committed to uplifting Chicagoans via a range of philanthropic programming.  Kouri received his Masters in Public Administration at Southern Illinois University Carbondale and resides in Chicago, IL.

See author's posts

Tags: 2024 Democratic National Convention, Barack Obama, Bill Clinton, Black History, Chicago Defender, Chicago News, democratic party, Diversity in Politics., DNC Chicago, Hillary Clinton, Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, Kouri C. Marshall, political events, Women's Leadership
Copyright © 2025. Real Times Media. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility Tools