From Howard University’s Homecoming to the Victoria’s Secret Runway Show, the stars were shining – out and about in their best looks. Because nothing compares to well-dressed Black folks, we scoured the internet for some of the hottest styles.
While Beyoncé, Kelly Rowland and Cynthia Erivo looked gorgeous as usual, guys like Pharrell Wiliams, LaQuan Smith and Lance Gross did not disappoint. Check out some of our favorite fits from the past week.
2 / 16
Who says you can’t wear shoulder pads? Sisters Beyoncé and Solange show off their style. 
3 / 16
We can always count on Ayo and Edebiri and Colman Domingo to do the damn thing on the red carpet. We love their looks at the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures Gala on October 19.
4 / 16
Zendaya and Law Roach knock it out of the park again. The star channels Cher in a floor-length gown with sexy cutouts at the 2024 Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony on October 19.
5 / 16
Not to be outdone, singer Mary J. Blige came through the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame ceremony in a sexy gold dress of her own. 
6 / 16
Designer LaQuan Smith’s look at the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show after party in New York City is a whole vibe.
7 / 16
Usher hit the campaign trail with Vice President Kamala Harris. We love the trench he wore during an October 19 stop in Atlanta. 
8 / 16
Singer Lizzo did a little campaigning of her own, meeting up with the Vice President in Detroit.
9 / 16
The category is pumpkin spice. Snoop Dogg looks great in fall colors while out and about in New York City.
10 / 16
“Wicked” star Cynthia Erivo stuns on the red carpet at the 2024 Academy Museum Gala on October 19.
11 / 16
From the Louis Vuitton sweatshirt to the boot cut jeans, we love Pharrell Williams’ look at the “Piece by Piece” Closing Night Headline Gala in London.
12 / 16
Kelly Rowland, we need to know where you got that “Purple Rain” tube top –please and thank you.
13 / 16
We can’t get enough of actor Lance Gross’ pinstriped jeans at Howard University’s homecoming.
14 / 16
Speaking of jeans, image architect Law Roach werks a denim jumpsuit in New York City.
15 / 16
WNBA star Angel Reese goes glam at the Victoria’s Secret show after party in New York City.
16 / 16