Sabrina Carpenter attends the Loewe Menswear Spring/Summer 2025 show as part of Paris Fashion Week on June 22, 2024 in Paris, France. (Photo by Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images for Loewe)
Presale tickets for Sabrina Carpenter's Short n' Sweet tour have fans in an uproar online. After announcing her Short n' Sweet tour last week, the presale for tickets started on Tuesday (June 25) at 10 a.m. local time.
<em>(Photo by Julien M. Hekimian/Getty Images)</em>
The "Please Please Please" singer, 25, has been adding more dates to her fall tour that will be supporting her sixth studio album, Short n' Sweet. Carpenter kicks off her tour on September 23 in Columbus, Ohio, and is extending her tour until November 18 in Inglewood, California.
As we recently reported, Carpenter initially had 29 dates and will be accompanied by Amaarae, Griff, and Declan McKenna at select cities. Now, she added four more dates for a total of 33 stops along her tour. The general on-sale will be this Friday, June 28, at 10 a.m. local time.
Since the pop singer's recent rise to popularity, eager fans, longtime and new, have rushed to Ticketmaster websites to line up on the queue for the presale. However, many fans waited over an hour to learn that no tickets were available. They expressed their complaints on X (formerly Twitter) about the issues with the ticket sales company and the prices of tickets themselves.
"me finally getting into the sabrina presale one hour later only to see every ticket is gone," wrote one user. Added another, "'You are now in the queue for Sabrina Carpenter tickets' Me, 25654th in line:" A third said, "Me: waits an hour to get into the queue for Sabrina Carpenter tickets Ticketmaster: I hope you’re ready….for NOTHING [clown face emoji]." One person wrote: "I waited 53 minutes in a queue just for there to be no tickets… [upside down smiley face emoji]."
Some fans took shots directly at the ticket sales giant and wrote things like, "Ticketmaster is evil. I’m sick of these companies ruining the concert ticket buying experience with their greed. There’s no reason I couldn’t have found a $100-200 pair of nosebleed tickets for Sabrina Carpenter. Yet people give in because FOMO and payment plans. We are screwed." Another fan said, "someone needs to genuinely do something about ticketmaster & ticket prices bc there is really no good reason for upper bowl tickets to sabrina carpenter in HARTFORD, CT to be $300+ that’s just nasty work." A third fan added, "being an old sabrina carpenter fan who has never gotten the chance to see her the 5 times she’s been to toronto is hell. i can’t even get tickets that ARE available like why are u letting me click next if someone’s already got them. the f--- ticketmaster train continues."
One Sabrina Carpenter fan page shared a page on X for "Sabrina fans to buy and sell tour tickets in hopes of giving more fans opportunities to see Sabrina live" ahead of the presale ticket release. So far, the tickets up for grabs are VIP and over $500.
It's that time of year: summer playlists are being curated for 2024, and we have the best recommendations. Pop artists have been releasing albums and singles all year, so there is plenty to choose from.
In March, Ariana Grande released her seventh studio album, eternal sunshine, which includes fun songs using samples of popular late '90s R&B tracks. "true story" features instrumentation heavily influenced by the metal bass and iconic late '90s bounce in pop and R&B music. "the boy is mine" features a sample using R&B singers Brandy and Monica's 1998 hit song of the same name. The two make a cameo appearance as news anchors reporting on the rat crisis in Grande's playful music video.
Taylor Swift's The Tortured Poets Department came out in April, with loyal Swifties patiently waiting for the double album to drop. The singer-songwriter's 31-song album features guest appearances from Post Malone and Florence + The Machine. Her album, unsurprisingly, was met with high praise by fans.
Then, in May, Dua Lipa released her third studio album with the '70s-inspired psychedelia Radical Optimism. The pop superstar already released singles "Houdini" and "Training Season" ahead of the release, and the rest of the record features more summer staples.
(Photo by Cindy Ord/Getty Images for TIME)
A few weeks later, Billie Eilish released her highly-anticipated third studio album HIT ME HARD AND SOFT. The instrumentation of the album is different from what fans are used to, with the addition of synthesizers. Prior to the album’s release, Eilish announced to her fans that she was “not doing singles i wanna give it to you all at once.”
That same day, actress-turned-pop star Kate Hudson debuted her first studio album with Glorious. 
By the time June hit, both Meghan Trainor and Charlie xcx released studio albums on the same day with Timeless and brat, respectively. Trainor's sixth studio album features T-Pain on the track "Been Like This," and the two shared their mutual adoration for each other prior to the song's release. Charlie's album was highly rated by critics and fans alike and filled with summer hits.
Meanwhile, pop artist Sabrina Carpenter announced her sixth studio album, Short n’ Sweet, to be released on August 23rd. Lorde teased that her fourth album is coming soon with a cryptic spit post.
Following the major success of Carpenter's "Espresso" earlier this year, the pop star dropped another song perfect for the summer with "Please Please Please." The music video is [inlink id="relationship-with-barry-keoghan-please" text="even more of a summer vibe"], with Carpenter warning her beau, Barry Keoghan to not make an embarrassment out of her. The playful song features the iconic lines, "Heartbreak is one thing, my ego’s another. I beg you, don’t embarrass me, motherf—er."
The English singer-songwriter's latest album, brat, is a [inlink id="charli-xcx-brat-review-ratings" text="summer vibe in and of itself"]. However, if we had to pick just one for our summer playlist, it would be the album's closing track, "365." Charlie kicks off the album with a track called "360," so we love how she goes full-circle in ending the record with "365." The track is truly a club banger for hardcore partiers, with lyrics alluding to doing hard drugs, as well as bumping fire tracks. The lyrics include lines: "No, I'll never go home. Don't sleep, don't eat, just do it on repeat. Keep bumping that."
For those who are emo, but still want to have a chill summer track to add to their playlist, this track off of Billie's HIT ME HARD AND SOFT ticks off all those boxes. As soon as you hear the lines, "Open up the door, can you open up the door?" you can't help but sing and dance along with the funky bass and keyboards. The track is layered with Billie's voice echoing, as well as the use of a synthesizer and glockenspiel, making it one of those songs we constantly play on repeat.
This Tommy Richman track is about to take over airwaves all summer long. "Million Dollar Baby" hits every time, with Richman's falsetto voice proclaiming, "I ain't never rep a set, baby, I ain't do no wrong. I could clean up good for you, oh, I know right from wrong. 'Cause I wanna make it so badly, I'm a million dollar baby." Just released in April, the funk-tastic track infuses R&B with synths and a bouncy bass line, making it a perfect feel-good song for all ages to enjoy.
Trainor's latest album, Timeless, features her generic-sounding doo-wop/bubble-gum pop sound, but "To The Moon" is a completely different vibe. As the album's opening track, "To The Moon" kicks off with a violin and gives major Amy Winehouse vibes. Trainor sings in a sultry voice, "The girl of your dreams... Baby, that's me. I'm out of this world, no gravity." When the chorus comes in, the beat amps up into a trap beat, which gets you dancing.
Though "Houdini" is our favorite track off the pop icon's Radical Optimism album, "Illusion" has summer written all over it. The song's lyrics, "Ooh, what you doin'? Don't know who you think that you're confusin'. I be like, "Ooh, it's amusin', you think I'm gonna fall for an illusion," includes both a reference to her "Houdini" theme as well as the illusions you see in a desert, like a mirage. The music video completely embodies the type of summer we all wish to have, chilling at a pool with a bunch of hotties surrounding us.
Beyoncé's genre-blending track from her country-pop album features this super-fun track for the summer! Immediately when the song starts, you are hooked to join in on the ad-libs after Bey sings, "This ain't Texas (woo), ain't no hold 'em (hey!). So lay your cards down, down, down, down." You best believe we try to remember the square-dancing moves we learned in elementary school to give "TEXAS HOLD 'EM" the country flair it deserves.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!