On Saturday, Beyoncé shared a carousel of stunning photos from an evening in Paris with her husband Jay-Z and friends, enjoying her new SirDavis whiskey brand. The super star was wearing a gold sequin dress by Gucci with a halter neckline that plunged in front to show off her décolletage. The cut of the dress fit her hourglass figure perfectly and extended into a floor length skirt.
On her feet were a pair of gold platform heels with open toes. She wore her hair in a curling platinum blonde bob that conjured images of old Hollywood glamour. On one hand, Beyoncé wore a large emerald-cut diamond and she carried a rhinestone studded purse in the shape of a SirDavis whiskey bottle hanging from a gold chain. It matched her manicure, which was embossed with the SirDavis logo. For makeup, she had on gold eyeshadow, pale pink lipstick, and black winged eyeliner.
The carousel showed details of the outfit and some shots in which the the Eiffel Tower could be seen sparkling behind her. Beyoncé also shared a shot of the Arc de Triomphe and some pictures laughing with friends. Jay-Z could be seen in some of the photos wearing a black suit with a black tie and vest. On his lapel, the rapper wore a gold star brooch to match his wife’s glow.  
SirDavis was created in partnership with Moët Hennessy and is named after Beyoncé’s great-grandfather, Davis Hogue. In an interview with GQ, the Renaissance singer shared why she created the liquor brand.
“Whiskey isn’t something you just shoot down,” she explained. “It’s a commitment. You gotta have patience. I like that. Then I got into vintage Japanese whiskey and started doing tastings. It opened up a whole new world. I love everything about whiskey. The color, the smell, the way it dances in the glass. And I love the stories that come with it. Every bottle has a history. I also like introducing whiskey to people who don’t know they love it yet. I think a lot more women would love it if they tasted it, and if they were really spoken to by the whiskey world.”
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.