By
			
			Kay		

Riding the fence. After an ambiguous season finale to Vanderpump Rules, it looks like some cast members are considering their options. 
In a move that surprised viewers, the last few minutes of VPR were filled with sad music over a montage of the current cast’s early days on the show. Was it a signal that the end is near? Lala Kent may think that’s the case because rumor has it that she’s in talks to join the Pump Rules spin-off, The Valley. Page Six has the details. 
A post shared by Lala Kent (@lalakent)
An insider told the publication, “Lala is in early talks to join The Valley. She is very connected with that cast. Those girls are her very good friends and mom crew.”
But according to the same source, that doesn’t mean Lala will completely ditch Pump Rules. “That’s her home. It’s not one or the other.” 
While The Valley isn’t confirmed for another season, VPR is struggling to get back on track after a ratings disaster of a season. The follow-up to Scandoval started with a bang but ended in a bust for most fans, who grew weary of the topic. So did the cast.
During the finale, Lala vented out loud about her frustrations, calling out Ariana Madix for refusing to film with her ex, Tom Sandoval. “This happened to her. The world rallied around her. She now thinks she is Beyoncé. It’s bulls—t that she can’t film with someone because she stays under the same roof, it’s a lot. It’s a lot that she’s saying, ‘Don’t f—k with Tom Sandoval. But, I’m gonna sleep down the hall from Tom Sandoval,” Lala ranted. 
The expectant mother’s outburst sheds light on the public rift between the now-former friends. Back in March, Lala said of Ariana, “You’re talking about how unsafe you feel, yet you live in the same home as him. That’s also what was kind of losing me all season.”
A post shared by Lala Kent (@lalakent)
Adding to the speculation that Lala might be weighing her options, she noted last month that The Valley could be a “really good fit” for her. 
“It’s an organic fit. Those people, I know, I hang out with, we get along, we get our kids together, we trick-or-treat on Halloween. So if I ever got the call to do that, of course, I would not say no,” she shared. 
Either way, the insider is certain that VPR isn’t over: “Producers are excited to catch up with everyone when cameras eventually go back up.
Part one of the Vanderpump Rules Season 11 reunion airs Tuesday at 8 p.m. EST on Bravo followed by The Valley at 9 p.m. EST. 
TELL US – WOULD YOU WATCH LALA ON THE VALLEY? 
Kay has been spilling the tea as a Staff Writer for Reality Tea since 2015. Her favorite franchise is Real Housewives of Atlanta but her all-time favorite Housewife hails from the OC - the infamous, top-notch detective, Meghan King. In her free time, Kay loves gaming and spending time with her family.
Share article