ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LONDON -  1st AUGUST: Australian rock band AC/DC posed in a studio in London in August 1979. Left to ... More right: Malcolm Young, Bon Scott, Angus Young, Cliff Williams and Phil Rudd. (Photo by Fin Costello/Redferns)
AC/DC continues to thrill audiences worldwide as they play live, and even after all their years together, they still regularly release new music. While fans wait for more from the band, one of their biggest hits brings them to a Billboard chart they’ve never appeared on before, despite being one of the biggest rock outfits in history.
The Australian band debuts on the TikTok Billboard Top 50 chart this week. The tally ranks the most successful songs on the social media platform TikTok, which has been shown to be huge among music listeners and when it comes to producing new stars in the industry.
New to the tally this week is “Back in Black” by AC/DC. The tune debuts at No. 25 on the 50-spot tally—right in the middle.
AC/DC reaches the TikTok Billboard Top 50 chart for the first time this week. The ranking is relatively new—only a few months old at this point—so many beloved singers and groups are catching up. As younger listeners and TikTok users catch on to some of their most beloved songs—such as “Back in Black”—they occasionally push classics to the social-focused tally.
“Back in Black” is one of 14 new entrants on this week’s TikTok Billboard Top 50 chart. That’s a huge number for a ranking that only includes 50 spaces, but that’s not uncommon for this special tally, which regularly includes a slew of newcomers. In addition to AC/DC, stars like Chris Brown, Djo, Beyoncé, and many others send tunes to the roster.
AC/DC counts “Back in Black” as one of their biggest hits, and it may be their song that the masses know best. The single was featured on their album of the same name, which was released back in 1980. At the time, it became a big chart win for the group, rising higher than most hard rock tracks. In the decades since then, it has become a signature smash from the rockers.