Today's street style sighting was actually an unofficial campaign stop.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Celebrity endorsements for Kamala Harris in the 2024 presidential election were never going to be as simple as a Harris-Walz sign in their front yards. They're bespoke. Taylor Swift endorsed Harris right after the debate with an essayistic Instagram post and a reclaiming of Republican Vice Presidential nominee JD Vance's offensive "childless cat lady" dig. Beyoncé put on her best suit dress to deliver an endorsement speech in her hometown of Houston, Texas. Selena Gomez slipped into a glittery Rodarte dress  to drop off her vote for Kamala Harris before hitting a TV premiere.
Clearly, A-listers are staying true to themselves while sharing their support of Harris and the Democratic Party's 2024 ticket—which leads me to Katie Holmes's outfit for an Oct. 31 stroll in Manhattan. To declare she's also casting her vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz, Katie Holmes used the best tool in her arsenal: her street style wardrobe.
The Our Town star traded her quilted jackets and fall shackets for a custom, crewneck Lingua Franca statement sweater. The brand is known for bespoke knits with chain-stitched messages; this one, in navy with pink thread, said that Holmes is voting "Harris Walz 2024."
Katie Holmes walks in New York City on Oct. 31 wearing a custom sweater in support of the Harris-Walz presidential campaign.
At the same time that Holmes made her political views clear, she also dispensed some late-fall layering advice. Beneath her Harris-Walz sweater, she styled a ruffle-neck, button-up top with light stripes. A pair of straight-leg jeans, an oversize Khaite bag, and a pair of brown leather boots completed her unofficial campaign trail outfit.
A closer look at Katie Holmes's Harris-Walz endorsement outfit.
Few other women are as closely tracked on their daily errand runs as the actor and director. (Seriously, it's half of my job as a fashion editor.) Wearing a Kamala Harris sweater on her latest walk is the most Katie Holmes way to share her beliefs—and if history repeats, she'll have just as many women getting out the vote as she had wearing slingback flats and barrel-leg jeans.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

The late Queen broke protocol when her grandson was unhappy about one aspect of his big day.


The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


Just another Hollywood star to join the bob-aissance.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


It also comes from an insider-favorite Adidas collaborator.


I can't resist following their lead.


From her closet to our carts.


Here's exactly what to buy.


We can all learn something from her sophisticated styling.


It's chic in any zip code.


All A-listers seem to love this shoe.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.