By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:18, 13 August 2024   |  Updated:  01:32, 13 August 2024   
 8
View  comments
Saweetie looked glamorous while performing at VeeCon 2024 In Los Angeles on Sunday.
The 31-year-old rapper took the stage in a midriff-baring, all-black ensemble featuring a cropped jacket she left mostly unzipped to showcase her sexy look.
She showcased her bodacious figure and put on a busty display in a sequin-covered bra and low-rise, baggy sweatpants. 
The My Type hitmaker — who dazzled with high-octane glamour as she led the stars at the AAPI-honoring Gold Gala in May — paired her head-turning performance outfit with peep-toe, leather stilettos.
The musician, born Diamonté Quiava Valentin Harper, appeared to be in high spirits and remained professional despite having been involved in a heated argument with her rapper beau YG, 34, the day before and had the cops show up at their home.
Saweetie looked glamorous while performing at VeeCon 2024 In Los Angeles on Sunday
The 31-year-old rapper took the stage in a midriff-baring, all-black ensemble featuring a cropped jacket she left mostly unzipped to showcase her sexy look
In the wake of the drama, she was a dazzling delight onstage while modeling oversize, statement hoops as well as sparkling bangle bracelets.
Performing her popular hits, she was joined by two backup dancers wearing hip-baring bodysuits that complemented her own outfit.
Her silky, raven black tresses were styled in voluminous, bouncy curls and she rocked a sultry, flattering makeup look featuring lush lashes.
At the three-day gathering, described as a conference-meets-festival, the pop star was one of many on the stage, which included the likes of Josh Duhamel, T-Pain, Nick Cannon, Ashley Graham, Howie Mandel, Bobbi Althoff and Jesse Palmer.
Prior to closing out the last day of the festival, she was allegedly involved in a heated skirmish with her on-again, off-again boyfriend YG. 
She reportedly had a verbal argument with her beau and fellow rapper, born Keenon Daequan Ray Jackson, over cell phone-related drama at their Los Angeles-area home on Saturday afternoon. 
The couple reportedly got into such a loud dispute that an undisclosed person called the police, law enforcement sources told TMZ.
Authorities reportedly rushed over to their residence and separated the couple. 
She was a dazzling delight onstage while modeling oversize, statement hoops as well as sparkling bangle bracelets
She showcased her bodacious figure and put on a busty display in a sequin-covered bra and low-rise, baggy sweatpants
The My Type hitmaker paired her head-turning performance outfit with peep-toe, leather stilettos
Performing her popular hits, she was joined by two backup dancers wearing hip-baring bodysuits that complemented her own outfit
Her silky, raven black tresses were styled in voluminous, bouncy curls and she rocked a sultry, flattering makeup look featuring lush lashes
After talking to Saweetie and YG separately, the deputies determined that it was just a verbal argument without any physical contact. 
A noncriminal report was taken to document the incident but no charges were filed as no crimes were committed. 
The rapper couple were first romantically linked over a year ago after they were spotted cozying up to each other at Coachella in April of 2023.
The following month, they confirmed their romance with lots of PDA during a romantic trip to Mexico. 
However, earlier this year in January, breakup rumors ran rampant as they reportedly called off their relationship mutually and decided they were 'better off as friends.'
They had been dating for seven months at the time. 
Prior to closing out the last day of the festival, she was allegedly involved in a heated skirmish with her on-again, off-again boyfriend YG. She reportedly had a verbal argument with her beau and fellow rapper, born Keenon Daequan Ray Jackson, over cell phone-related drama at their Los Angeles-area home on Saturday afternoon; seen at Neon Carnival in April
The couple reportedly got into such a loud dispute that an undisclosed person called the police, law enforcement sources told TMZ. Authorities reportedly rushed over to their residence and separated the couple. After talking to Saweetie and YG separately, the deputies determined that it was just a verbal argument without any physical contact; seen at Rolling Loud in March
She and YG were first romantically linked over a year ago after they were spotted cozying up to each other at Coachella in April of 2023; seen in September 2023
In the following weeks, Saweetie shared an Instagram post with YG, whom she called 'my pisces,' to end the split speculation. 
He also shared an older video of them at a Beyoncé concert to suggest that they were still an item. 
In March, YG also brought Saweetie out on stage at Rolling Loud and made a big public display by professing his love to her. 
Two months after they reportedly split, he announced that their romance was still going strong as he wrapped his arms around her and told her repeatedly that he loved her. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group