Sands, the International Film Festival of St Andrews, is smaller in scale than some of the showcases that have appeared in the Zap! the last few months, but the quality of the programming is well worth a trip to the historic seaside town. Expect Hebridean coming-of-age Silent Roar, healing documentary Smoke Sauna Sisterhood, and a genre-bending queer dissection of Virginia Woolf in Orlando: My Political Biography.
There's also plenty of live events to grapple with, including a talk with Scotland's own Karen Gillan about her work in front of, and behind the camera, plus screenings of two of her short films.
Multiple venues, St Andrews. 19-21 Apr
 With RSD 2024 set to take place on Saturday 20 April, we take a look at the official and unofficial events our favourite record shops have planned across Edinburgh, Glasgow, and Dundee.
"Fairy pop" innovator Pearling launches her mixtape Lovelocket in her first hometown headliner show with support from nil00, Spent, angel.world and Slide Cancel. Performance artists and dancers will elevate this gig to otherworldly heights.
Taking place in Scotland for the first time, the 6th edition of In Short, Europe is a five-strand celebration of European short filmmaking, showcasing works from many countries whose cinematic output is often underestimated, such as Cyprus and the Faroe Islands.
Back for her first solo show since What Would Beyoncé Do?! – which earned her the first BAFTA Breakthrough award for comedy – Luisa Omielan's success has been marred by entertainment industry power politics; but she's turning that bitterness into comedy gold.
Acclaimed rapper and award-winning podcaster George the Poet launches his memoir Track Record: Me, Music and the War on Blackness at the Portobello Bookshop, with a talk with broadcaster Gemma Cairney. In-person and livestream tickets are available.
Up-and-coming Glasgow rapper Psweatpants offers two hard-hitting headline gigs. The Scottish Alternative Music Awards winner for best hip-hop act is perfect for fans of Bemz, Nova, Slowthai and Tyler, the Creator.
Colin Robertson returns to iota with a collection of charcoal drawings on traditional Japanese paper, which use "starting points" as varied as photographs of Sinead O'Connor to the royal family.
At the end of the week, enjoy all six "scoops" of Edinburgh's roots and reggae royalty, the Mighty Oak Sound System, who are bringing their handbuilt, heavyweight rigs to Dundee for the very first time.
Win a £50 food voucher for The George Hotel, Inveraray! The 160-year old family-owned hotel won Best Whisky Bar of the Year 2022.
Win tickets to the Black Isle Belters! Two lucky winners will win a pair of tickets to either of Peat & Diesel's May Bank holiday weekend shows.
Win a family pass to Belladrum Festival 2024! Enter on the website, closes 28 Apr.