Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet haven't been seen together in a while - and it might be because they don't want to be seen.
The couple were spotted at an ice cream parlour both wearing masks and trying to keep their outing lowkey. In a picture posted to Instagram, only Timothée faced the camera as he wore a black mask over his face that only showed his eyes and what appeared to be a hood.
Kylie is facing away from the camera with a cream-coloured hood on her head, a black leather jacket, and a brown tote bag slung over her shoulder. This outing comes as the public started speculating whether or not the two were still a couple or not.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian and Odell Beckham Jr showed 'lots of chemistry' at Oscars afterparty
The Kardashians star recently attended the Vanity Fair Oscars party with her mum Kris Jenner and sisters Kim Kardashian and Kendall Jenner. Noticeably, Timothée wasn't with Kylie, leading to speculation that the couple's year-long relationship was over.
Fans also speculated the relationship had ended when Kylie did an interview with the New York Times earlier this month. The 26-year-old was asked if her new "clean girl" fashion look was inspired by a break-up with a certain Dune actor.
Kylie bluntly answered: "I just don’t want to talk about personal things." Fans thought she was dodging the question, with one writing on social media: "Is this a sign she split from Timothee? Avoiding the subject?"
But it seems that the two are doing just fine and want to keep their relationship a secret, though they certainly announced it in a very public display of affection.
The couple were rumoured to be together in April 2023, with allegations the relationship started months before then. It wasn't until September of that year though that they confirmed the relationship.
While attending Beyoncé's Renaissance tour date in Los Angeles, the two couldn't keep their hands off each other as they locked lips in the pit. They were then spotted attending the US Open together in New York, once again sharing smooches.
Kylie was recently Timothée's date to the Golden Globes in January. While there, the two cuddled and kissed as they whispered to each other, prompting a media firestorm about what was said.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.