Harry Styles has reached the level of fame where his most diehard fans pretty much know the exact dimensions of his face.
With that in mind, it’s especially impressive that a new waxwork of the singer is so realistic that it looks even more like him than he does.
The lifelike figure was revealed in Harry’s hometown in Cheshire, with the unveiling taking place at his old workplace, W Mandeville Bakery.
Standing with his left hand on his hip, the depiction of Harry features him wearing a bright orange outfit from a concert that he performed in September 2021, complete with high-waisted trousers, a metallic plunge shirt and a feather boa.
In one photo, the waxwork is placed beside the shop’s cheese counter in front of a banner, which features a photo of Harry from when he worked at the bakery, with the caption: ‘People come from miles and miles for craft baking and Harry Styles.’
In another, a fan cosies next to him to pose for a selfie, making a kissing face in his direction.
A couple of images show the artist pretending to give the superstar touch-ups with her paintbrush.
After making its debut at the bakery, the wax figure – which is the first and only one of Harry in the north – will be placed at Madame Tussauds Blackpool for more members of the public to visit.
It might be amazing… but we’re sincerely freaked out by how true-to-life it is.
This isn’t the first time that the 30-year-old has been transformed into wax form.
In 2014, he and the rest of One Direction – Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Louis Tomlinson and Liam Payne – were transformed into wax figures unveiled in New York.
Meanwhile earlier this month, another waxwork of Harry was revealed in Nashville, where the singer was depicted in his bright pink Coachella ensemble.
While the latest portrayal of the performer in wax form is magnificently realistic, not all waxworks experience the same levels of success.
Earlier this year, a waxwork of Beyoncé that was revealed in Paris was slammed by fans, with several questioning: ‘Who is that white woman?’
A few days ago, a wax figure of Sinéad O’Connor was removed by a museum in Dublin shortly before the first anniversary of her death aged 56.
In a statement, the director of the museum, who was a ‘long-time close friend’ of the late singer and activist, said in a statement: ‘we acknowledge that the current representation did not meet our high standards or the expectations of Sinéad’s devoted fans.
‘We have listened closely to the reactions and agree that the figure does not fully capture Sinead’s unique presence and essence as we intended.’
He added: ‘We extend our gratitude to everyone who provided their feedback and assure you that your voices are heard. We look forward to unveiling a new figure that truly honours Sinéad O’Connor and her extraordinary impact.’
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Sinéad O’Connor’s exact cause of death confirmed after one year
Arrow
MORE: Dublin museum removes ‘shocking’ Sinead O’Connor waxwork after furious backlash
Arrow
MORE: Brits desperate for legendary singer to save the UK at Eurovision 2025