Home    Forums    Music    Grammy 2025 Predictions: R&B Field (Part 2)
Muni Long can definitely win R&B performance however she needs to lookout for SZA and Coco.
She can also win R&B album, however lalah and lucky pose a threat.
Usher might not have that much passion due to his lack of nominees in performance and song categories. However, John legend and Robert glasper have won in 2020s without any other nominations across the genre.
Muni Long can definitely win R&B performance however she needs to lookout for SZA and Coco. She can also win R&B album, however lalah and lucky pose a threat. Usher might not have that much passion due to his lack of nominees in performance and song categories. However, John legend and Robert glasper have won in 2020s without any other nominations across the genre. 
I had that same thought. Just because you only have one nod doesn’t mean you can’t take it. too many potential scenarios In the majority of these categories
Honey, Best Progressive R&B Album is a total shitfest.  Rooting for Durand Bernarr.
John Legend was nominated in R&B Performance for Lighting & Thunder with Jhene the same year he won R&B Album. It wasn’t his only nod.
To be fair it wasn’t stiff competition in that category that year compared to this year. He was mainly up against a few newbies.
Robert Glasper album (Black Radio III) was also nominated in Engineered Non Classical, the year he won. There is clearly a pattern. He had won R&B Album before but he’s a constant passion pick for nominations. For now, I’ll say Lucky Daye is the actual front runner here while Muni Long trails along due to full on genre support.
Muni Long shouldn’t have an issue winning R&B Performance. Saturn isn’t a Kill Bill or a Snooze this time around. Made for Me made more noise than any R&B song this eligibility period. Sza is highly beatable. Muni Long was able to tackle Beyoncé (sure it wasn’t Cuff It but Beyoncé still won Trad R&B for an even less talked about album track).
I was surprised at the Tems nomination. Burning is one of my favorite songs this year . Did not expect that ! 
her nomination is quite refreshing tbh
Robert Glasper album (Black Radio III) was also nominated in Engineered Non Classical, the year he won. There is clearly a pattern. He had won R&B Album before but he’s a constant passion pick for nominations. For now, I’ll say Lucky Daye is the actual front runner here while Muni Long trails along due to full on genre support.
I think Power mentioned it before, but plenty of albums get an Engineered nomination and lose, including Ella Mai not that long ago. After all, Best Engineered Album is a panelled category.
“Kill Bill” (a #1 ROTY/SOTY nomination) lost to a non-top 40 song “ICU” last year. SZA is back with an even smaller song battling an even bigger hit than last year’s winner. SZA will probably take R&B Song, if anything.  Don’t want to overestimate anyone in the unpredictable R&B field, but Muni is the leading nominee. She will win something.
 I think Power mentioned it before, but plenty of albums get an Engineered nomination and lose, including Ella Mai not that long ago. After all, Best Engineered Album is a panelled category. 
The past two years the albums that won R&B album also had engineering noms. If Lucky was to win with Algorithm, then I’d say it’s a pattern to consider for the future. But rn it feels tight race with Lucky being the strongest bet imo.
R&B Field Predictions:
Best R&B Performance – Muni Long, “Made for Me (Live at BET)
Best R&B Song – “Saturn” (SZA)
Best R&B Album – Lucky Daye, Algorithm
Best Progressive R&B Album – NxWorries (Anderson.Paak & Knowledge), Why Lawd?
Best Traditional R&B Performance – Lalah Hathaway feat. Michael McDonald, “No Lie”
By the way, I listened to the Traditional R&B Performance nominees to compare them to the R&B Performance nominees, and y’all lied. There is a clear difference between both categories, at least this year. 
I’m thinking Traditional R&B will go to Lalah too. She basically owns this category when she’s nominated.
She even beat the classic “Let it Burn” by Jazmine. I know that was a very competitive year.
Still gonna predict Lucky Daye taking R&B Album but the fact that voters scrolled down for “Ruined Me” in R&B Song when it’s not even a big hit but didn’t go for “That’s You” does seem kinda noteworthy
Honey, I am NOT sold on Lucky Daye winning any of his nominations.  His two nominations come off as pure filler.
The filler title goes to Chris we all know that.
Lala can also be pure filler she and Lucky have the same nominations lol. What seems the most likely to happen is everyone taking home one.
also, I would NOT be shocked if kehlani takes progressive album over nxworries. That category is all over the place & She’s also campaigning like hell and over performed
Still gonna predict Lucky Daye taking R&B Album but the fact that voters scrolled down for “Ruined Me” in R&B Song when it’s not even a big hit but didn’t go for “That’s You” does seem kinda noteworthy 
I think they also wanted an all female line up. This feels intentional.
https://x.com/chartdata/status/1854924167591985283?s=46
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media