Source: Kevin Mazur / Getty
The Queen of Christmas will be celebrating with fans across the world on the most wonderful day of the year.
Mariah Carey will be opening Netflix‘s NFL Christmas Gameday on Dec. 25. The pop star will deliver a taped performance of her record-breaking festive hit “All I Want for Christmas Is You” before the day’s two football games, including our hometown birds.
RELATED: It’s Time: A Look At All Of Mariah Carey’s ‘It’s Time’ Christmas Announcements
 


					Related Stories
				





Women’s History Month Spotlight: Celebrating Mariah Carey’s 56th Birthday With All Of Her Billboard Hot 100 Number One Hits






Women’s History Month: 25 Historic No. 1 Songs By Black Women






Mariah Carey Autographs Rihanna’s Billionaire Boob At Concert






On Christmas Day, current Super Bowl champs the Kansas City Chiefs will face off against the Pittsburgh Steelers at 1 p.m. followed by a match between the Baltimore Ravens and the Houston Texans at 4:30 p.m.
Mariah won’t be the only queen in the building though. Beyoncé is also set to perform a live halftime show during the Ravens-Texans game.
RELATED: This Ain’t Texas: Beyoncé’s Potential Setlist For Her Christmas Halftime Performance 
Carey is fresh off her largest Christmas tour to date and is celebrating the 30th anniversary of her iconic holiday album “Merry Christmas.” Its lead single, “All I Want for Christmas Is You,” has officially been certified 16 times platinum by the RIAA, making it the highest-certified single ever from a female artist.
In addition to streaming on Netflix, the Christmas Day games will air on broadcast TV in competing team cities and will be available on NFL+ on mobile devices in the U.S.
The NFL Christmas Gameday on Netflix is part of a three-year deal between the streamer and the league, which will also see Netflix air at least one holiday game in 2025 and 2026. At the time of the deal, it was reported by the Wall Street Journal that it cost Netflix around $150 million in total.
CATCH UP ON THESE STORIES… 
Beyonce To Perform On NFL Christmas Game Day
Red Carpet Rundown: Mariah Carey Accepts The Recording Academy Black Music Collective’s Global Impact Award In Schiaparelli
Mariah Carey Proves She Is The Queen Of Christmas And Style In Balmain


Mariah Carey To Open NFL Christmas Gameday On Netflix 
						was originally published on
						92q.com



Related Tags


					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.