By CHARLOTTE DEAN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  15:14, 30 May 2024   |  Updated:  16:46, 6 June 2024   
 64
View  comments
Sir Paul McCartney was spotted leaving an office in London on Thursday after becoming the first ever UK billionaire musician.
The Beatles legend, 81, was sporting a head of long grey locks and a smattering of grey stubble during the outing in the capital city.
The singer cut a casual figure in a blue hooded jacket, which he wore over a blue shirt and trousers, while finishing the look with a pair of lace-up shoes.
Paul covered his eyes with a pair of black aviator shades and left the building carrying a bag of documents in his hand.
The father of five was pictured handing the bag to his driver before getting into the car and heading off elsewhere.
Paul McCartney was spotted leaving an office in London on Thursday after becoming the first ever UK billionaire musician
The Beatles legend, 81, was sporting a head of long grey locks and a smattering of grey stubble during the outing in the capital city
The father of five was pictured handing the bag to his driver before getting into the car and heading off elsewhere
It was revealed Paul had become the first billionaire musician from the UK, according to the 2024 Sunday Times Rich List after his wealth has risen by £50 million to hit the £1 billion figure this year.
Paul claimed the musician top spot in 2023 when he had £950 million, and again in 2022 when his fortune was put at £865 million.
The new milestone follows his successful 2023 Got Back Tour, the increase in the value of his back catalogue and Beyonce covering his band's song Blackbird on her latest album Cowboy Carter.
As ranked by The Sunday Times Music Rich List, Andrew Lloyd Webber takes second place with £515 million, while Sir Mick Jagger follows with £415 million. 
Half a century after they split, the Beatles remain the bestselling musical act in history.
Last year, the two Beatles compilation albums – 1962-1966, The Red Album, and 1967-1970, The Blue Album – were re-released featuring 21 newly added tracks.
A new song by the Liverpool-formed band, Now And Then, was put out in 2023 as the final Beatles track.
It reached number one in the UK charts, and was written and sung by John Lennon in the late 1970s and later developed by the other band members – including George Harrison.
Half a century after they split, the Beatles remain the bestselling musical act in history (Ringo Starr, Paul McCartney, John Lennon and George Harrison pictured L-R)
The iconic musician took to his Instagram to share a heartfelt message praising the cover featured on Beyonce's new album Cowboy Carter alongside a black-and-white photo of the singers together
As ranked by The Sunday Times Music Rich List, Andrew Lloyd Webber takes second place with £515 million
Sir Mick Jagger follows in third place on the musician list, with a huge fortune of £415 million
The song was finished by the remaining Beatles Sir Paul and Sir Ringo Starr decades after the original recording thanks to audio restoration technology.
Paul headlined the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury in 2022 and his 2023 Got Back tour is expected to have grossed $105m (£84.6m) from just 16 shows. 
His American wife Nancy Shevell also has considerable wealth in her own right, coming from haulage dynasty.
It comes after Paul proved he's a full-fledged member of the BeyHive by applauding Beyonce's version of his song Blackbird.
The iconic musician took to his Instagram to share a heartfelt message praising the cover featured on Beyonce's new album Cowboy Carter alongside a black-and-white photo of the singers together.
'I am so happy with [Beyoncé's] version of my song Blackbird,' he wrote. 'I think she does a magnificent version of it and it reinforces the civil rights message that inspired me to write the song in the first place. I think Beyoncé has done a fab version and would urge anyone who has not heard it yet to check it out. You are going to love it!'
McCartney added that he recently spoke with the Texas Hold 'Em hitmaker about the song over FaceTime.
'She thanked me for writing it and letting her do it,' he added. 'I told her the pleasure was all mine and I thought she had done a killer version of the song.'
The Sunday Time's list of Britain's 350 wealthiest individuals and families together hold combined wealth of £795.36billion, according to the new data.
The list recorded that the number of British billionaires tumbled again, continuing a theme seen in 2023.
Paul headlined the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury in 2022 and his 2023 Got Back tour is expected to have grossed $105m (£84.6m) from just 16 shows
The number of billionaires reached a peak of 177 in 2022, before dropping to 171 and falling again to 165 this year, driven by some seeing their private wealth contract amid high borrowing rates and others leaving the country.
Gopi Hinduja and his family were crowned the richest people in the UK again, with their wealth hitting £37.2bn, the largest fortune ever recorded by the newspaper.
Sir Elton John, Lord Lloyd-Webber and David and Victoria Beckham were among some of the well-known names on the list,, external which has minimum wealth entry of £350m.
Elsewhere, Harry Styles and Dua Lipa are among a number of celebrities who feature in the first edition of The Sunday Times 40 Under 40 Rich List.
The news outlet has also published its annual rich list, which is included in a 76-page special edition of its Sunday magazine, revealing the wealth of the 350 richest individuals and families in Britain.
At the age of 33, and in 10th place on the 40 Under 40 list, is Shape Of You singer Ed Sheeran , who has been crowned the richest young musician in the UK with £340 million.
The next wealthiest UK pop star under the age of 40 is former One Direction member Styles, 30, who made his £175 million through music and film appearances.
The Brit award-winner, who appeared in Christopher Nolan 's Dunkirk, has also invested in Manchester-based music venue, Co-Op Live, which opened on May 14 following a number of setbacks.
The next wealthiest UK pop star under the age of 40 is former One Direction member Styles, 30, who made his £175 million through music and film appearances
The 'Don't Start Now' singer is placed joined 29th on the list alongside actor Daniel Radcliffe 
At the age of 33, and in 10th place on the 40 Under 40 list, is Shape Of You singer Ed Sheeran, who has been crowned the richest young musician in the UK with £340 million
The As It Was singer is placed joined 17th on the list alongside boxing star Anthony Joshua.
In the 19th spot is 16-time Grammy-winner Adele with £170 million.
The Tottenham-born singer began a residency at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace in Los Angeles in 2022, which will come to an end in November this year.
Joint 29th is actor Daniel Radcliffe and pop star Lipa, 28, with a respective £90 million.
Lipa, who will perform a headline slot at Glastonbury Festival in June, recently released her third studio album Radical Optimism which soared to the number one spot on the official UK albums chart.
Radcliffe, 34, made his millions when he shot to fame as a child star playing the title character in the Harry Potter film series, adapted from the novels created by JK Rowling.
Topping the list, which showcases British talent from music, sport, entertainment, and business, is Hugh Grosvenor, the seventh Duke of Westminster, with £10.1 billion.
1. Gopi Hinduja and family - £37.2 billion
Britain's richest family made its fortune from the Mumbai-based conglomerate Hinduja Group, which spans business sectors including banking and finance, media and entertainment, and energy and has about 200,000 staff around the world.
The family's fortune is the largest ever recorded in the list.
2. Sir Leonard Blavatnik - £29.25 billion
The second-richest Briton is a Ukrainian-born business magnate and philanthropist who built up his fortune in Russia.
He took Warner Music public in June 2020 after buying it in 2011.
3. David and Simon Reuben and family - £24.98 billion
The billionaire brothers made their money through property and technology with their private equity and investment business Reuben Brothers.
The brothers were born in Mumbai and raised in the UK.
4. Sir Jim Ratcliffe - £23.52 billion
Manchester United part-owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe is the founder and chairman of global chemicals company Ineos, which was formed in 1998.
The Manchester-born businessman controls football operations at the club after acquiring a minority stake in February of this year.
He has dropped from second to fourth in the list after his wealth fell by more than £6 billion.
5. Sir James Dyson and family - £20.8 billion
English inventor and entrepreneur Sir James Dyson is well known for founding technology firm Dyson and inventing the cyclone bagless vacuum cleaner in the 1970s.
He has since moved into the beauty industry, with his line of hair tools proving particularly popular.
6. Barnaby and Merlin Swire and family - £17.2 billion
The Swire family's fortune stems from Swire Group, a global business spanning property, transport and industrials.
Eton-educated chairman Barnaby Swire is the cousin of Merlin Swire, both sixth-generation descendants of the group's founder.
7. Idan Ofer - £14.96 billion
Israeli billionaire businessman Idan Ofer is one of two sons of shipping magnate Sammy Ofer. His father, who died in 2011, was once Israel's richest man.
He has interests in shipping, energy, and a minority stake in Spanish football club Atletico de Madrid.
8. Lakshmi Mittal and family - £14.92 billion
Indian-born Mr Mittal is the chairman of ArcelorMittal, a multinational steel company headquartered in Luxembourg and the largest steel manufacturer in Europe, North and South America.
He owns mansions on Kensington Palace Gardens, one of the most expensive streets in the world, and is a co-owner of Queen's Park Rangers football club.
9. Guy, George, Alannah and Galen Weston and family - £14.49 billion
The Weston family has developed most of its wealth through investing in retail. It has a stake in Associated British Foods, which owns Primark and produces sugar, run by son George Weston.
10. John Fredriksen and family - £12.87 billion
John Fredriksen is a Norway-born shipping magnate who owns oil tankers and investments in fish farming, dry bulkers and deepwater drilling rigs.
11. Kirsten and Jorn Rausing - £12.63 billion
Kirsten Rausing also benefited from inheritance, with a stake in her grandfather's packaging business Tetra Laval, which revolutionised storing drinks like milk and orange juice in cartons over glass bottles.
The Swedish businesswoman is heavily involved in horse racing and her husband Jorn Rausing co-owns Tetra Laval.
12. Alex Gerko - £12.05 billion
Moscow-born mathematician Alex Gerko founded algorithmic trading company XTX Markets in 2015, which grew rapidly in the UK and has offices globally, including in New York City, Paris and Mumbai.
13. Michael Platt - £12 billion
Preston-born financier Michael Platt is the co-founder and chief executive of hedge fund BlueCrestCapital Management, one of the world's largest and top performing investment firms.
14. Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken and Michel de Carvalho - £11.75 billion
Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken is a Dutch businesswoman and one of the richest women in the world after inheriting nearly a quarter stake in beer giant Heineken from her late father Freddy Heineken.
Her husband and former Olympic skier Michel de Carvalho sits on the board of the business.
15. The Duke of Westminster and the Grosvenor family - £10.13 billion
The 33-year-old Hugh Grosvenor is the seventh Duke of Westminster and became an instant billionaire when he inherited his title and control of the historic Grosvenor Estate from his father in 2016.
He was crowned the richest person under 40 in this year's Sunday Times Rich List.
16. Marit, Lisbet and Sigrid Rausing - £9.19 billion
Marit Rausing is the widow of Hans Ruasing, who built up the Tetra Pak packaging business founded by his father in 1944. Lisbet and Sigrid are their children.
17. Carrie and Francois Perrodo and family - £9.17 billion
Singapore-born Carrie Perrodo inherited one of the world's largest family-owned oil companies, Perenco, after the death of her husband Hubert Perrodo in 2006.
Her son, amateur racing driver Francois Perrodo, is now the chairman of Perenco.
18. Nicky Oppenheimer and family - £7.94 billion
Nicky Oppenheimer sold his family's stake in De Beers, the biggest diamond producer in the world, in 2012.
He was the third generation of the family to run De Beers, taking the company private in 2001.
19. Lord Bamford and family - £7.65 billion
Lord Bamford runs JCB, the multibillion-pound construction equipment manufacturer he took over from his father, Joseph Cyril Bamford, in the 1970s.
A major political donor, he is also the director of the Centre for Policy Studies think tank.
20. Denise, John and Peter Coates - £7.47 billion
Denise Coates is the co-founder, majority shareholder and co-chief executive of Bet365, one of the world's largest online gambling companies, having been born into a family running betting shops in Stoke-on-Trent.
Peter Coates is her father and John Coates is her brother and joint-chief executive.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group