Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The global icon also shared a motivational message as “YA YA" played in the background of the video.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

	Team USA knows they have Beyoncé’s support throughout the 2024 Paris Olympic Games.

	During the Olympics Opening Ceremony in Paris on Friday, the global superstar introduced the athletes that make up the United States team in a promotional video. Team USA then made their way down the River Seine.



	Beyoncé was seen in the footage sporting a red, white and blue bodysuit, accompanied by a cowboy hat and cowboy boots. The singer also named several of the athletes competing for Team USA, including Simone Biles, Sha’Carri Richardson, Noah Lyles, Caeleb Dressel and Katie Ledecky, as “YA YA” from her latest album Cowboy Carter played in the background.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Beyoncé Teaches Us to Expect the Unexpected During Cowboy Carter Tour Opening Week in Los Angeles		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					NBC Sports Turns to Ray Romano and Sebastian Maniscalco to Kickstart 2026 Winter Olympics Push		
			








	She then continued with a motivational message: “Get a look at America, y’all. These hopes and dreams, these superstars that represent us. The people of this big, bold, beautiful, complicated nation. All rooting together for them.”

	“Come on, you’ve gotta love Noah and Sha’Carri. The fastest man and woman on the planet. They’ll race the world anytime, any place,” Beyoncé added. “How about Caeleb? Proud papa, back in the drink for more gold. And Katie? The longer the race, the better she swims. And I know you know my girl Simone. Born to fly, destined to inspire. We’ve got superstars and we’ve got legends. We’ve got big dreamers who fought their whole lives to get here. Who gave up everything for one shot, and made it.”

	The promo video also featured clips of some of the athletes competing in their sport, and others dancing to “YA YA.”

	“That pride and that joy — that’s what gets me about this team and that’s what makes me believe in this team,” Beyoncé concluded. “And that’s why I can’t wait to see what they pull off over these next 16 days. America, give it up for Team USA, the very best of who we are. What a vision to behold. What a team to believe in. What a night to celebrate.”
T.E.A.M. U.S.A.#Beylympics #ParisOlympics pic.twitter.com/IW57Z474Cf

	The 2024 Paris Olympics kicked off earlier Friday with the Opening Ceremony that featured athletes from each country riding down the River Seine. Several artists also performed throughout the event, including Lady Gaga, who sang the French-language “Mon Truc en Plume,” and later Celine Dion, in her first public performance amid her Stiff-Person Syndrome diagnosis. Dion sang a rendition of the French ballad “Hymne a l’Amour.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.