Donald Trump is in trouble again for appropriating music for a campaign rally, this time for using Foo Fighters’ “My Hero” as the walkout song for new ally Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
A spokesperson for the band, fronted by Dave Grohl, who grew up in Northern Virginia, and is also known for referring to Trump as a “massive jerk” in an interview, confirms that “Foo Fighters were not asked permission, and if they were, they would not have granted it.”
It gets better: “appropriate actions are being taken” against the campaign, the spokesperson said, and any royalties received as a result of this usage will be donated to the Harris/Walz campaign.
So, we have that going for us.
This is just the latest unauthorized song use by the Trump folks, who are being sued by the estate of Isaac Hayes for its use of “Hold On, I’m Coming” at multiple Trump rallies without authorization between 2022 and 2024.
The Trump campaign got a cease-and-desist letter from Beyoncé’s record label and music publisher over its use of her hit “Freedom,” which the pop star has authorized for use by the Harris/Walz campaign, and was featured prominently at the Democratic National Convention this week.
Trump has also gotten a cease-and-desist notice from the estate of Sinead O’Connor for using her version of “Nothing Compares 2 U” at campaign rallies.
Chris Graham, the king of "fringe media," a zero-time Virginia Sportswriter of the Year, and a member of zero Halls of Fame, is the founder and editor of Augusta Free Press. A 1994 alum of the University of Virginia, Chris is the author and co-author of seven books, including Poverty of Imagination, a memoir published in 2019. For his commentaries on news, sports and politics, go to his YouTube page, or subscribe to his Street Knowledge podcast. Email Chris at [email protected].
The 2025 Kentucky Derby will be held on Saturday, May 3rd at Churchill Downs in Louisville. Washington residents have plenty of ways to get involved in the excitement this weekend. Adults 18 and older can access a variety of offshore betting platforms, many of which are offering generous promotions, including free bets. For this year’s...
The 2025 Kentucky Derby is upon us, and the most famous race of them all is scheduled to take place on Saturday, May 3rd in Louisville. Residents of Illinois can get in on the betting action with TwinSpires, but there are other options in the sportsbook market that are featuring big bonus bets this year....
Augusta Free Press LLC | Privacy Policy