By 

	Mike Wass


	With nearly 20 weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and a quintuple-platinum certification in the U.S. alone, Shaboozey’s genre-blurring “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” is the biggest hit of 2024. It’s a monumental achievement for any artist, let alone an independent one who simply had the audacity to wonder what a country flip of an aughts hip-hop hit — in this case, J-Kwon’s 2004 smash “Tipsy” — might sound like. The answer, it turns out, is pure ear candy. 





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Celtics Sale Shows Media’s New Pot of Gold: Sports Teams as Mega-Brands 		
			














	
		
					Cannes’ Fantastic Pavilion Unleashes Sinister Slate With Ghost Ships, Cursed Coffee Tables and a Mexican Horror Surge		
			








	During a songwriting session with producers Sean Cook and Nevin Sastry, Shaboozey raised the idea of interpolating a vintage rap hit, and soon enough, the seminal J-Kwon lyric “everybody at the bar getting tipsy” flew out of his mouth. “Sean found the chords immediately and just crushed it,” Sastry remembers. 

	










	By the time the demo was finished, Shaboozey’s team knew they had something special. A showcase at Winston House in January confirmed the hunch. “The crowd was in an uproar,” co-manager Jared Cotter recalls of the song’s live debut. It proved significant for another reason: An A&R for Beyoncé was in the audience. Before long, Shaboozey was in the studio recording a feature for “Cowboy Carter.” 




			Popular on Variety		






	“We scheduled the song to come out two weeks after the Beyoncé album,” Cotter says. The road from streaming success to chart domination can be rocky, but Empire Records took a hands-on approach. The gamble paid off when “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” made history by reaching No. 1 at four radio formats. 

	“I always said that I wanted to build a global operation, and that someday we would find an artist to put at the center of that operation — and Shaboozey is that artist,” saying it s Empire CEO Ghazi.

Songwriters: Sean Cook, J-Kwon, Joe “Capo” Kent, Nevin Sastry, Shaboozey, Mark Williams 

Producers: Sean Cook, Nevin Sastry 

Label: American Dogwood/Empire 

Hitmakers:

	•Sean Cook, producer and songwriter •Jared Cotter, manager, Range Media •Ghazi, CEO, Empire •Abas Pauti, manager, American Dogwood •Nevin Sastry, producer and songwriter

Publishers: EMI April Music, Essancy Music, Hood Hop Music, Kobalt Music America, Kreshendo, Le Seek C’est Chic, Range Music Partners, Tarpo Music, Songs of Universal, Warner Chappell Music
The Business of Entertainment