"Mr. Carter has nothing to do with Mr. Combs' case, or Mr. Combs."

							By 

	Jessica Bennett

News Editor

	During a Monday afternoon meeting with the press, Alex Spiro, lead attorney for Shawn “JAY-Z” Carter, addressed months-long internet speculation that the Brooklyn rapper is somehow associated with Sean “Diddy” Combs beyond their shared industry. Hov has also been tacked on to a sexual assault lawsuit originally filed against Diddy, with the Jane Doe claiming both men raped her after the 2000 Video Music Awards.

	“Mr. Carter has nothing to do with Mr. Combs’ case, or Mr. Combs,” Spiro told reporters. “They knew each other professionally for a number of years. Just like in all professions, people know each other. At a music awards, they support each other. You go to the NBA All-Star game, they support each other. That’s just how professions work. There is no closer association between any of them. That’s also a matter of fiction. That’s all that there is, he doesn’t know anything about the charges or allegations against [Combs], he has nothing to do with that case. And there’s nothing more to say.”

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Diddy Allowed To Ditch Jail Jumpsuit For Superfine Tailoring At Trial		
			







	Long before Carter’s lawsuit was brought to light, many, including 50 Cent, attempted to draw a connection between JAY-Z and the allegations leveled against Diddy. Back in March, the Queens rapper posted a photo of the 4:44 rhymer on the side of a milk carton with the word “Missing” written above it. “Anybody seen Jay LOL *smiling emojis*,” he wrote in the caption. “Puff said the *ninja emoji* ain’t answering his phone. LOL.”

	In March, 50 continued to taunt, “Jay in hibernation he ain’t coming outside till this sh*t with Puff blow over. No brunch, no lunch, No dinner. LOL [squinting grinning emoji] IM ALL YOU GOT IM OUTSIDE!” 

	An October Piers Morgan interview found singer Jaguar Wright attempting to associate Carter with the accusations leveled against Combs, calling both men “monsters.” Her accusations aimed at both JAY and wife Beyoncé resulted in the couple’s rep demanding the segment be edited, claiming her statements were, “totally false and have no basis in fact.” 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.