Manage your account
On Tuesday, Vice President Kamala Harris hosted the first rally of her own presidential campaign in Wisconsin.
She spoke at West Allis Central High School near Milwaukee, greeted by cheers of "lock him up" (referring to former President Donald Trump). She's scheduled to be in Indianapolis on Wednesday, but not for a rally. Harris is scheduled to speak at a conference for Zeta Phi Beta, a historically black sorority.
Here's what happened in Wisconsin and what's next for the Democratic candidate for president.
At Tuesday's rally, Harris walked out to Beyoncé's "Freedom," USA Today reported, as fans chanted "Kam-a-la!" She began by thanking President Joe Biden, USA Today reported.
“It has truly been one of the greatest honors of my life to serve as Vice President, to our President Joe Biden,” she said.
Speaking to a crowd of more than 3,000 people, Harris emphasized the role of battleground states in getting her to the Oval Office. USA Today and Journal Sentinal reporters gave live reports from the scene.
She called her campaign a "people-powered campaign," citing the $100 million raised since Biden's exit from the race. She also leaned heavily on the differences between herself and former President Donald Trump as candidates.
“Donald Trump ran a for-profit college that scammed students. As a prosecutor, I specialized in cases involving sexual abuse. Well, Trump was found liable for committing sexual abuse,” she said. “As attorney general of California, I took on the big Wall Street banks and held them accountable for fraud. Donald Trump was just found guilty of fraud on 34 counts."
▶ Read Milwaukee Journal Sentinal coverage of the event.
▶ Read USA Today coverage of the event.
▶ Kamala Harris still speaking in Indy, her office says
▶ What to know about Zeta Phi Beta sorority
▶ Indiana's Democratic delegates unanimously endorse Kamala Harris. What it means
▶ Biden steps down, supporting Harris on Democratic ticket. What to know about the VP
▶ What Harris said during previous visits to Indianapolis
▶ Who will be Harris' VP pick? Campaign vetting 7 Dems for VP, including Whitmer, Cooper, Kelly, Shapiro
Reporters and editors at the Milwaukee Journal Sentinal and USA TODAY contributed to this report.
This article originally appeared on Indianapolis Star: Kamala Harris rally in West Allis: What she said