Musical icon Beyoncé has expanded her empire far beyond the stage, like with her brand lines BeyGOOD and IVY PARK. On February 20, she'll be launching Cécred, a hair product brand titled with a portmanteau of her name. To promote the new venture, the Renaissance star gave a rare interview with Essence Magazine, reflecting on her relationship to her hair, especially since becoming a mother.
In one passage, Beyoncé shared more about her thought process when she chopped off a significant amount of her hair in 2013, wearing it in a pixie cut and shocking fans.
“I remember the day I decided to just cut all my hair off,” Beyoncé began. “I didn’t have a particular style in mind. It wasn’t an aesthetic choice, but it was a very big emotional transformation and metamorphosis that I was going through. So much of my identity as a performer has been connected to flowing hair. Cutting my hair off was me rebelling against being this woman that society thinks I’m supposed to be.”
She went on, “I was a new mother, and something about the liberation of becoming a mother made me want to just shed all of that. It was a physical representation of me shedding the expectations put upon me. I just wanted it off. Neal Farinah, my hairstylist and friend, was freaking out because it was really long, really thick and really healthy. I just got the scissors and chopped it off. It was very intentional. And it was what I needed to do. And after that, I became super brave. It was the first step to many more audacious decisions I made in my life and my career that have led to who I am now.”
The star also shared some details about watching her mother, Tina Knowles, working in her hair salon and how haircare is a family legacy.
“I saw her shampooing and trimming hair, transforming women, leaving them feeling really good,” Beyoncé recalled. “Looking back, it was more than just a hair appointment—it was therapy. I worked in her salon, sweeping the floors and helping out where I could. I used to eavesdrop and listen in on their conversations intently. It was a sacred space for these women.”
Read the full interview with Essence here.
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.