Jean Johansson, the popular presenter of Channel 4's property show A Place In The Sun and new series Key To A Fortune, has expressed her desire to join Strictly Come Dancing, despite her already packed schedule.
While her agent has made several attempts to secure her a spot on the dance show, she is yet to be given the opportunity to strut her stuff on the dance floor. Addressing recent controversies surrounding the show, Jean said in a new interview: "I think it's shown they can bounce back."
She added that despite alleged bad behaviour, it appears that they're handling it professionally and likely improving their duty of care.
The 42-year-old presenter also revealed that her dream partner would be Johannes Radebe. "Every year my agent is on the phone trying to secure it," she told Love Sunday's Magazine.
Although she won't be dancing this year, she'll be cheering on her friend Dr Punam Krishnan in her quest for the Glitterball trophy. Jean praised her friend, saying: "She's so smart. I think it'll be well out of her comfort zone but all us Scots will be behind her," reports the Express.
"I can't wait to see her Beyoncé moves on the dance floor!".
The medical expert has presented the BBC Scotland series Laid Bare and has also appeared on Morning Live and The Weakest Link.
She will be competing against 14 other celebrities including DIY SOS' Nick Knowles, singer Toyah Willcox, EastEnders actor Jamie Borthwick, Gladiators star Montell Douglas aka Fire and JLS singer JB Gill.
In a statement ahead of rehearsals, the "overjoyed" doctor said signing up for the much-loved show "doesn't feel real".
She added: "I have watched Strictly every year with my family, and it feels extra special that it's the 20th year. I can't believe I will be the one getting Strictly-fied now.
"This is so out of my comfort zone, but I'm up for the journey and will give it my absolute all."
Strictly Come Dancing 2024 will mark 20 years of the popular dance show, with judges Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse, Shirley Ballas and Anton Du Beke also back on the panel.
Professional dancers returning to the floor include; Johannes, Dianne Buswell, Katya Jones, Karen Hauer and Gorka Marquez.
Those who won't be making a comeback however are Giovanni Pernice and Graziano Di Prima.
Giovanni is currently at the centre of a legal investigation after former dance partners, including Amanda Abbington, complained about his training methods. He has strongly denied any wrongdoing and is confident that he will clear his name.
Furthermore, Graziano was accused of kicking his former dance partner Zara McDermott, for which he has since apologised. However, he has vehemently denied allegations that he spat at her.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.