Since winning gold at Tokyo 2020, gymnast Suni Lee has been focusing on her mental fitness to prepare for the 2024 Olympics.
The toughest judge Suni Lee has faced on her road to the 2024 Olympics? Herself.
So, the gymnast has been attempting to loosen up the tight grips she has on herself.
“I have been trying to take the pressure off of myself knowing that I am doing this for myself,” Suni, who won gold at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, told E! News in June. "I’ve had to overcome so much the past two years to where I didn’t even think that I would be here."Making the team alongside Simone Biles, Jade Carey, Jordan Chiles and Hezly Rivera was a dream for Suni, who battled a kidney issue last year. But for the 21-year-old, simply making it through training each day was the goal.“That’s been my biggest thing,” she continued, “just focusing on what's in front of me and not what's ahead of me because otherwise I'm going to get so nervous and probably have a mental breakdown."
Indeed, concentrating on the mental gymnastics of the sport has been an important part of her routine.
"I journal, I go to therapy," the athlete added, "and that's been the biggest game changer because there was a lot of self-doubt in there and a lot of pressure and a lot of not knowing where it all stemmed from. So, to be able to talk about it, speak about it and know that it's OK to not be OK, it's a great feeling."
Though every day isn't easy, Suni is tumbling forward toward her goals.
“There's just been so much high stress to where I don't even want to go to practice," she told E!. “But I know I have to go to practice and I'm going to kick myself at the end of the day if I didn't go."On the tougher days, she takes inspiration from how far she's come. Like, during the 2020 Games when Simone withdrew due to a case of the "twisties," but the team rallied together to earn silver.
“I was just really proud of the way that we were able to finish the competition on the team final day,” Suni recalled. “Looking back at that still gives me chills and I still tear up."
And when she needs a confidence boost, she peeks into her closet, where her gold medal for the all-around is safely tucked away in a safe. 
"I'll look at it because it does help me,” the Olympian said, noting she doesn't do it too often as it can also make her nervous and add pressure. “It's crazy to think that that happened and that I won the Olympics. It still hasn't sunk in my head. I don't know how three years later it still hasn’t.”
Heading to Paris, Suni doesn't need another medal to see how much she's accomplished (though she wouldn't say no to a repeat victory.)
"I would give myself a medal for not giving up," she noted. "There has been so much that I could have given up on and so many things that have happened to where I could have just put this aside and moved on with my life. But I wanted better for myself and I also wanted to be able to walk away from this Olympics or this quad knowing that I gave everything that I had and not regret anything."
This includes not giving up on her health journey, including as eczema. Which is why Suni partnered with Eli Lilly and Company—the health equity sponsor of Team USA—to remind others with the skin condition that they are not alone.
“When I was having a flare-up and it was very noticeable, I was always trying to cover it up with my makeup, which ultimately made it worse,” she said. “But being able to talk about it and also partnering with Lilly has been something so amazing for me mentally because I feel so much more confident in my own skin."
And that right there deserves a gold medal. Now, flip ahead to learn more about Suni and her teammates.
Simone Biles
There’s a reason Simone Biles is called the G.O.A.T. The 27-year-old from Texas is the most-decorated gymnast in history—racking up seven Olympic medals (four golds, one silver and two bronze) from the 2016 and 2020 Games as well as 30 World Championship medals (23 golds, four silver and three bronze).However, Biles’ gymnastics journey—which began at age 6—hasn’t been without challenges. At the 2020 Olympics, she experienced the “twisties" during the women’s team final. While it wasn’t an easy decision and she feared what the world would think, Biles knew she had to take care of herself. So, she withdrew from that event and others—sparking an important discussion on mental health. Biles won silver with her team and returned to win bronze in balance beam. However, she questioned if she would compete again.So, the champion took the time she needed for her mental and physical health. "I didn’t want to be afraid of the sport anymore," she said in Netflix's Simone Biles Rising. "Because so much has happened in the sport, so much has scared the living s--t out of me that I couldn’t have it take that one last thing from me. Also ending on my terms.”Biles went on to win gold in many events at the 2023 World and 2023 and 2024 U.S. Gymnastics Championships. And she’s excited for Paris.“The only thing I have to prove is to myself that I can get out there and do it again,” Biles—who’s married to NFL player Jonathan Owens—told Today. “I think we’re gonna get the job done.”
Suni Lee
Born in Minnesota, Sunisa “Suni” Lee started training in gymnastics at age 6 and continued to vault her way to success. During the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo, the 21-year-old made history as the first Asian American woman to win the gold medal in the all-around competition. She also won silver with her teammates and bronze in the uneven bars. After the Games, Lee enrolled in Auburn University, where she competed for the school’s gymnastics team. With her sights set on returning for the 2024 Paris Olympics, the athlete announced in November 2022 that her next collegiate season would be her last. However, Lee’s time on the squad was cut short as she shared in April 2023 that she was dealing with an issue involving her kidneys. In June 2024, following her performance at the U.S. Gymnastics Championships, Lee told E! News she was “doing really good” health-wise. She qualified for the Olympic team soon after and is proud of how far she’s come. “I think I would give myself a medal for not giving up,” Lee added. “There has been so much that I could have given up on and so many things that have happened to where I could have just put this aside and moved on with my life. But I wanted better for myself, and I also wanted to be able to walk away from this Olympics or this quad knowing that I gave everything that I had and not regret anything.”
Jordan Chiles
Named after fellow sports great Michael Jordan, Jordan Chiles entered gymnastics at age 6 and quickly advanced through the levels of competition—adding to her trophy shelf along the way. Despite her success, the 23-year-old didn’t always feel welcomed. “Every single time I went into a competition, I was like, ‘Well, what are they going to say this time?’” Chiles recalled to ELLE in a July 2024 interview. “I was racially attacked. I was always told, ‘You’re not the typical gymnast. You look like a man. You’re too muscular.’” After feeling like “gymnastics didn’t want me,” Chiles continued, she considered leaving the sport. Instead, Biles invited her to train at her Texas gym in 2018. “I wish I could take that part of my life back,” the athlete from Washington added, “but at the same time, I wouldn’t be the person that I am today if those things hadn’t happened, because they made me stronger, more confident, and helped me understand who I am as a person. But it did take me a while to get the love back. I can tell you that.” Fast-forward a few years, they both competed at the 2020 Olympics—where Chiles filled in after Biles withdrew from the team final—and they took home the team silver. The UCLA gymnast has also gone viral, earning a perfect 10 for her 2023 NCAA Championship performance set to 90s hip-hop and securing a spot at the 2024 Olympics with her Beyoncé-inspired routine.
Jade Carey
Jade Carey can thank her dad (who’s also her coach) and mom for her introduction to gymnastics. “My parents owned a gym when I was born,” the 24-year-old, who’s been training since 2002, stated in her USA Gymnastics bio, “so I was always in the gym playing!” Carey started competing at the elite level in 2017 and joined the 2020 Olympics team just a few years later. However, things didn’t go according to plan. Carey struggled with her footwork on her run towards the vault, which resulted in her performing a different routine, not sticking her landing and coming in eighth place. Still, the gymnast from Arizona didn’t give up, and she won the gold in the floor exercise event shortly after. “I’m just really proud of myself for turning it around after vault,” she told Olympics.com in a video at the time. “It was really hard, especially at first because I was so upset. But my dad just told me we had to let it go and we could turn the worst day into the best day.” While Carey has certainly had several moments of redemption—including winning the gold in vault at the 2022 World Championships—she’s looking for another at the 2024 Olympics. “I thought after the Olympics I would be done and just go to college and enjoy it,” the Oregon State University athlete told the outlet in another clip. “But after the experience that I had, it made me want to go back because I feel like I'm capable of more."
Hezly Rivera
Hezly Rivera was more than ready to make her Olympics debut. And she’s did it less than two months after turning 16—making her the youngest member of the entire U.S. team competing at the 2024 Games.“I was ecstatic because everything I’ve been working for finally paid off,” Rivera told E! News in July. “I heard my name, and I was shocked. I was like, ‘Oh my gosh! I made the team!’ I almost couldn’t believe it.”But make no mistake: While Rivera is a first-timer at the Olympics, she’s certainly no rookie. The athlete from New Jersey was the 2024 Winter Cup balance beam champion and won first in the all-around, uneven bars and balance beam events for the junior division at the 2023 Xfinity U.S. Gymnastics Championships. As for how Rivera got her start in gymnastics, it all began just over a decade ago. “At the age of 5 I attended a friends birthday party that was celebrated in a gymnastics facility,” she noted in her USA Gymnastics bio, “and the staff at the facility approached my parents and told them that they should try to have me try out for the team and that's what they did.”
Joscelyn Roberson
Joscelyn Roberson is one of two traveling replacement gymnasts for the 2024 U.S. women’s Olympic team. And let’s just say, the 18-year-old from Texas is pretty excited about it. “THIS! IS! EVERYTHING!” she wrote on Instagram in July after qualifying. “I am going to Paris!!!! Dreams really do come true. See you guys there!” While she’s been practicing since 2009, Roberson has recently seen her gymnastics career reach a new level. According to NBC Sports, after the athlete made her senior nationals debut in 2022 and placed 18th in the all-around, her mom got a job in Houston. Roberson had the opportunity to attend World Champions Centre—the gymnastics training facility run by Biles’ family—and she took it.“Having people I could relate to every single day,” she told the outlet in 2023, “it worked wonders for me.” At the 2023 Winter Cup, Roberson placed first in vault and second in balance beam. She also won first in vault at the 2023 Xfinity U.S. Gymnastics Championships.
Leanne Wong
Leanne Wong is also a traveling replacement athlete for the 2024 women’s gymnastics team at the Olympics. The 20-year-old from Kansas was originally an alternate for the 2020 Games in Tokyo. But after fellow alternate Kara Eaker tested positive for COVID-19, they both had to quarantine. “After the last Olympics and getting quarantined and then just being stuck in my hotel room, I think that really gave me time to think about what I wanted to do after that,” Wong recalled to Olympics.com in May. “That’s why I decided to go back to elite gymnastics after that and go to my first worlds.” And she did just that—winning a silver and a bronze in the 2021 World Championships. Wong also took home the gold in the 2022 and 2023 World Championships with her team. In addition, she competes with the University of Florida Gators, being named the NCAA uneven bars champion earlier this year. 
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.