The pair were previously spotted out and about in New York earlier this month
BACKGRID
 Are Emily Ratajkowski and rising country star Shaboozey an item?

 The model and author, 33, and the “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” singer, 29, continued to spark romance rumors after they were seen leaving a screening of Zoë Kravitz’s new movie Blink Twice together in New York City on Wednesday, Aug. 21.

 Ratajkowski wore a gray mini dress and heels for the outing, while Shaboozey (né Collins Chibueze) kept it casual in a light blue button-down over a white shirt.

 The movie night comes weeks after Ratajkowski was spotted in the crowd watching the musician perform at the Z100 Summer Bash in New York on Aug. 8. The New York Post's Page Six also previously reported that the two were seen “packing on the PDA” at Musica nightclub in N.Y.C. the day before.

 Reps for Ratajkowski and Shaboozey have not commented on their relationship status.

 MICHAEL TRAN/AFP via Getty
 Shaboozey has been enjoying a meteoric rise to fame with the success of his single “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” which topped the Billboard Hot 100 in July. The feat made him just the second Black artist to ever top both the Hot Country Songs and Hot 100 charts at the same time, after Beyoncé did so with her hit “Texas Hold ‘Em” in April.

 “I've been doing music for such a long time, I've put a lot of time and years into it,” he told PEOPLE in June. “I put so much into it that I feel like it’s just cool to see it working. Everybody hopes it works. To see it actually working, it’s unreal. It feels like a dream. It feels like I’m definitely going to wake up at some point and be like, ‘Damn, that s--- was a dream?’”

 His monster hit is featured on his major-label debut album Where I’ve Been, Isn’t Where I’m Going, which dropped in May.

 Ratajkowski, meanwhile, opened up to Glamour UK earlier this year about the struggles that come with dating in the limelight, especially as a single mother. She and ex-husband Sebastian Bear-McClard, who divorced in 2022, share son Sylvester, 3.

Taylor Hill/WireImage
 “I could do the very crazy, high-profile thing of going through the back door [while on dates], blah, blah, blah. And I haven’t done that,” she said of avoiding the paparazzi while dating. “And there’s been a few moments over the past year… where I’ve been like, ‘OK, well, I can’t keep having this experience,’ so I want to hide… and I’ve done that successfully, but then it’s like the one time I’m out on the street, it’s a photo. So, I think I’ve just given up on trying to control it, for better or for worse.”

 The My Body author said she’s “sort of accepted” that there’s only so much she can do when it comes to keeping her private life under wraps, and that if she wants to “enjoy my life, and if that means that everyone has an opinion on what I’m doing, then so be it.”

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)