A woman on Reddit says she asked her mother, i.e. the bride's grandmother, to leave her daughter's wedding due to her revealing outfit.
"The bride and groom asked all their family members to wear black or navy blue clothing. The bridal party was all in shades of turquoise. The event was black tie, so men were in tuxes and women wore elegant evening wear. It was a beautiful, classy affair," the woman began.
However, the bride's grandmother, 68, who recently finalized her fourth divorce and "is on the hunt for hubby #5," showed up to the event in a skimpy bodysuit.
"She has had plenty of obvious plastic surgery and spray tans and has always been a heavy makeup person and flamboyant dresser, with sometimes questionable taste in revealing outfits. She and I shopped together and she fell in love with a low-backed, deep navy blue sequined gown that showed off her figure and was very elegant. Mom looked stunning in the navy dress, especially with her tan and flowing platinum locks," the woman wrote.
"Well, she shows up at the wedding in a white and silver beaded short bodysuit with lots of fringe and cleavage ... and when I say short, I'm thinking a slutty Beyoncé or Tina Turner stage costume, but leaving nothing to the imagination. Think fringe over a silver thong and side boobs. Mom was sashaying around and flirting with every man there, even rubbing her hips and hands against the men. This is before the ceremony. She was the center of attention, and not in a good way. She had talked the bartender into giving her a few early tequila shots which only amped up her behavior," she continued.
When the woman's husband asked his mother-in-law to change, even offering to retrive her original blue gown for her, she "caused a scene" and shouted at him, calling him a "stick in the mud."READ MORE: Mom Forces Daughter to Pay $1,000 for 'Ugly' Bridesmaid Dress
"Somebody texted a photo of her to the bride and the maid of honor came out to see and told me the bride was horrified. So I decided to act," the woman revealed, adding that when she asked the venue security guard to intervene, her mother started rubbing his arm suggestively before he escorted her out.
"She threw a total fit outside and the security guy called the police when she kicked him. She spit at and kicked the police officer who was trying to handcuff her. It's all on body cam. It was ugly, as some guests were arriving and saw it all. But she went to jail and couldn't come back for more disruption, or so we thought," she continued.
"We were able to get everybody, including the bride, calmed down and the ceremony and reception went beautifully. My daughter didn't show any stress and seemed to be having a good time when, late in the evening, my aunt, uncle and mother showed up... they had bailed her out of jail! They also stopped at a bar on the way back. She and my aunt were sloppy drunk and started tossing drinks on people and trying to get to the bride and groom. Venue security had seen them come in and already called the police, so it wasn't long before the three of them were arrested and hauled off with various charges. So that pretty much blew the evening," the frustrated mom shared.
Now, her mother is no longer speaking to her.
"Several people on my mother's side of the family, who were there, are now criticizing me for this whole thing. My daughter's cousin, who was a bridesmaid, is even stirring up trouble. My mom isn't speaking to me (which is fine) and my aunt has declared war on me. My whole family is pretty classless. I was able to overcome a lot in life, but even some folks on my father's side are blaming me for even inviting my mother. She's never done anything like this, so how would I know?" she concluded.
READ MORE: Mom Slams Stranger for Shattering Child's 'Self-Esteem'
Users in the comments section sided with the scandalized mother of the bride.
"You faced a tough situation at your daughter’s wedding, where your mother’s behavior crossed a line and disrupted the event. While family backlash is challenging, you acted to protect your daughter’s special day, prioritizing her happiness. Focus on the love and joy of the occasion, and set boundaries to maintain your peace," one person shared.
"Where do I even start... Your mom was touching people without their consent, getting drunk, [out]dressing the bride and making a scene. She crossed the line big time. I wouldn’t even talk to her after that fiasco," another wrote.
"You were put in a really difficult position, and it sounds like you did what you felt was necessary to protect your daughter’s special day. Your mother’s behavior was disruptive and disrespectful, especially at a formal event where she was expected to adhere to certain standards," someone else commented.
Gallery Credit: Michele Bird