Quiet luxury makes a late-summer comeback as the sun settles into earthy, elegant Virgo from August 22 to September 22. This zodiac season belongs to the Birkin Moms, who’ve been counting down the days until they could strip chartreuse paint off the walls and cover the world in a neutral champagne.
Does the thought of packing away your brat accessories make your heart ache? We get it. The childlike whimsy of Leo season is absolutely a vibe, but that’s behind us now. Where has life become overwhelming and just plain “too much”? The grounding influence of this earth sign wants you to pare down to essentials and get organized. Embrace the chance to wipe the metaphoric canvas clean, if not before Labor Day, immediately after.
Virgo has a reputation for being a neat-freak, but we prefer the word “curator.” The space-clearing energy of this sign goes far beyond a closet overhaul. Ruled by data-savvy Mercury, Virgo brings a killer eye for detail. There are few things we trust more than a Virgo edit. It can be harsh and unrelenting, but what remains in the pile is always top tier.
Besides, it’s not that saturated colors and vibrant ideas are verboten under Virgo’s watch. Hardly so! It’s just that you need to take a carefully measured approach, something Virgo designers Tom Ford and Stella McCartney understand well.  On that note, allow us to bust the myth that Virgos are boring. How could that be possible for a star sign that Beyoncé and Zendaya are born under?
Virgo is, however, fashion-house chic; more minimalist than excessive. This sign thrives on systems and efficiency and will organize everything it comes into contact with. Consider the merits of this. Getting dressed and out the door to a party happens a lot faster when you can pull looks from a color-coded closet and labeled boxes of shoes.
Be warned that anxiety can spin up during Virgo season. Perfectionism is one of this sign’s primary pitfalls. Virgo also happens to be the zodiac’s critic. Yes, it’s going to be a tough crowd out there between August 22 and September 22.
All of this fussiness can put a strain on relationships. Go easy on the “helpful feedback,” particularly if your opinion wasn’t even solicited to begin with. It’s hard to ignore the tiny toothpaste stain on your BF’s jacket. Nonetheless, that doesn’t mean you should slip in to scrub it off with club soda while he’s chatting up a prospective client at the open bar.  
A better way to siphon off the triggering vibes that Virgo season might incite? Get active! As one of the four mutable signs, Virgo energy needs to move around. Good thing wellness and self-care fall under Virgo’s domain. Load up your Pilates pass, and book a massage immediately. Even if you’re “fine” now, think of these things as preventative medicine to help you hang on to your chill.
Virgo is also the sign of selfless service, making this an optimal time to locate a volunteer post. Tutor elementary school kids, or make calls for your favorite candidate.
Keeping your hands and mind busy is also important during this frenetic month. There’s no better time to nerd out on a project that takes full focus. Make way for the “virginal” side of Virgo.  During this four-week solar cycle, you might get a sudden urge to restore a cherished object back to its original, unspoiled format. Just decide in advance when you should stop fussing and what your “good enough” looks like.
The expression “better done than perfect” might not be one you trot out often between August 22 and September 22, but those could be the words that save your sanity.
Pisces Daily Horoscope
Aquarius Daily Horoscope
Capricorn Daily Horoscope
Sagittarius Daily Horoscope
Scorpio Daily Horoscope
Libra Daily Horoscope
Virgo Daily Horoscope
Leo Daily Horoscope
Cancer Daily Horoscope
Gemini Daily Horoscope
Taurus Daily Horoscope
Aries Daily Horoscope
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.