By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:42, 4 October 2024   |  Updated:  20:18, 4 October 2024   
 24
View  comments
Tinashe made a stylish display this week.
The 31-year-old singer, whose hit single Nasty was a big summer song, stood out in a flirty moss green woven skort - that is a skirt and shorts combined - that made the most of her toned legs.
The fashionista continued her edgy look with a multi-colored autumn hued top that hugged her curves.
And the blonde beauty - who partied with Chappell Roan at the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards last month - added pointy and high-heeled lace up boots that went to her knee.
The crooner from Kentucky surprised guests with her performance at Cetaphil’s SkinLabs event in Malibu.
Tinashe made a stylish display this week. The 31-year-old singer, whose hit single Nasty was a big summer song, stood out in a flirty moss green woven skort - that is a skirt and shorts combined - that made the most of her toned legs in Malibu
Tinashe, full name Tinashe Jorgensen Kachingwe, has been having a great year as Nasty was a big hit with fans. 
The vocals from her song Nasty were layered over the instrumental of Beyoncé's 2003 hit Naughty Girl. 
Tinashe has been on the music scene for 10 years, but her viral summer anthem has given her the biggest buzz of her career.
Her first album Aquarius debuted in 2014 and featured a cameo from rapper ScHoolboy Q on the lead single 2 On.
She followed up the tune with a second single called All Hands On Deck. 
Last year Tinashe said she had her first kiss on a golf course. 
The singer - who previously dated basketball star Ben Simmons for a few months until their split in May 2018 - didn't reveal the identity of the man she smooched on the course, but it clearly left a lasting impression. 
The fashionista continued her edgy look with a multi-colored autumn hued top that hugged her curves
And the blonde beauty added pointy and high-heeled lace up boots that went to her knee
Speaking to Us Weekly for the magazine's '25 Things You Don't Know About Me' feature, she said: 'My first kiss was on a golf course and he was a golfer.
'I always loved the athletes!' 
Tinashe also has experience as an actress with roles in the likes of 'Out of Jimmy's Head' and 'Two and a Half Men'. 
However, she admitted if she wasn't a musician, she would actually be drawn to a culinary career instead. 
She revealed: 'My Favourite show is MasterChef I love to cook! If I wasn't a singer, I would be a chef.' 
Tinashe is a huge fan of Pepe's Mexican restaurant in Los Angeles and she 'always' orders the tacos - which just so happen to be her ideal dish to rustle up in the kitchen. 
The crooner surprised guests with her performance at Cetaphil’s SkinLabs event in Malibu
Tinashe and Chappell Roan attend the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards at UBS Arena on September 11 in New York
She said: 'My favourite things to cook are tacos. I used to throw massive Taco Tuesday parties and cook myself.' 
When it comes to eating out, Tinashe is a fan of fast food chain In-N-Out, and her go-to order is 'a No. 2 plain with extra cheese'. 
While her favorite cheese is cheddar, Tinashe - who 'hates chocolate' - admitted she would avoid any kind of sauce on her burger. 
She explained: 'I hate condiments - no mustard, no mayo, just plain.' As well as her singing and love of cooking, the star also turns to video games as a way to relax, and she's a massive fan of the 'Call of Duty' franchise. She said: 'I'm a huge gamer. My favourite game is Call of Duty.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group