Yea, ofc, Drake is on here.
Yes, I know working out is good for you and all, but why oh why is the couch always right there calling my name? The reality is, finding the motivation to get up and work out can be a reallll struggle. Sometimes (or, um, all the time), you've gotta dig deep to start that long-distance run or take on the pilates reformer. But motivation, unfortunately, doesn’t just materialize out of nowhere when you need it. And when we’re talking about feeling inspired to actually hit the gym, well, that’s an entirely different level of motivation. So how do you “dig deep,” you ask? A fire soundtrack is a good place to start.
Music is, after all, the best way to get motivated when you're feeling stuck. The right song can take a workout from a chore to a seriously fun jam sesh, and before you know it, Beyoncé will have you totally feeling yourself! We know that curating a truly epic workout playlist can be a challenge, so we've done the hard work for you. (And, tbh, it was really fun.) 
From ultra dance vibes courtesy of Camila Cabello to blood-pumping beats from Sam Smith and The Weeknd, there’s truly a bop for every fitness personality. So, lace up those sneakers, throw on your favorite activewear, and let these hot tracks get you through your workout feeling more pumped than ever. 
If this hasn't already been all over your TikTok or stuck in your head, let me do you a favor and put you on to Camila Cabello's latest viral track.
Always one to churn out an upbeat pop hit, Charli XCX and Addison Rae have delivered with another song I can't stop listening to at the gym. It's got alllllll the energy you need to sustain a solid cardio session, from the treadmill to the bike.
She may feud with some of your favorite artists, but you can't deny that this fast-paced track by Azealia Banks will make you want to give your absolute all.
This song will n-e-v-e-r get old. Between the beat and Justin Bieber's vocals, don't be surprised when you find yourself hitting repeat. 
Can someone please explain how M83 managed to inject this song with literal dopamine? Start your workout with this tune, and it'll be nothing but good vibes. 
Need to meet your new running goal? How about "Fast Times" by our Cosmo cover girl for a lil extra pep in your step? 
Add this to your hot girl workout playlist if you want to strut your stuff while doing 12-3-30. Trust, you're gonna feel like Naomi Campbell herself.
If you've seen Megan's TikTok workout vids, then you know that she does not play around when it comes to fitness. Go ahead and practice those Megan knees with this on full blast. You won't regret it. 
I truly don't care that this came out two years ago. It makes me feel like an absolute baddie every. single. time!
This latest dance track from Future and Metro Boomin has everything you need for a good workout sesh, and by everything, we mean The Weeknd. 
After Usher's Super Bowl performance, everyone remembered that this song is and will always be an absolute banger.  
Can you believe that this was released almost 14 years ago? Yeah, me either, because I play it on repeat in the gym as if it just came out yesterday.
Got a super long run on deck? Or maybe you're gearing up for an at-home HIIT workout? No matter how you're gonna sweat, this song will def keep your heart rate up without being too intense, ya know?
Half the battle of getting a good workout in is setting the right vibe. And there's no better vibe-setter that Queen Bey. While she still refuses to drop those visuals (*tear*), you can at least have this feel-good song on infinite loop. 
When your ex is making life complicated but you still wanna get your workout in, just put this sucker on repeat. Nursing heartbreak and sticking to your fitness goals isn't easy, but with SZA encouraging you, you can do anything, bb!
No workout playlist is complete without a dose of Bad Bunny. The real challenge is narrowing it down to just a few Benito hits because there's just too many, OK?! But one place to start is this vibey tune that's got hot yoga written allllll over it.
OK, '90s babies will remember the OG "Blue" song by Eiffel 65, which was practically inescapable back in the day. It played everywhere. all. the time. Well, what goes around comes around because this 21st century remix is just as heart-thumping—an ideal soundtrack for your next HIIT workout.
Alexa, play the quintessential cooldown song. If there's one thing Miss Swift is gonna do, it's deliver a catchy melody and introspective lyrics that have me in all my feels. Perfect for a long post-run stretch, IMO.
In the middle of a run or lifting sesh? I mean, just try not to sprint faster or lift heavier when that beat drops during the chorus. It's soooo intense but in the best way.
Say hello to one of the most iconic duos, um, ever: Megan Thee Stallion and Dua Lipa. They really delivered with this upbeat track that will have you bopping around in between sets. 
Time to Cure Your FOMO and Buy Beyoncé Tickets
Tap Into Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Setlist
Charli XCX Isn’t Ready to Let Go of ‘Brat’ Summer
Madison Beer Shows Support for Justin and Hailey
Benson Boone’s “Moonbeam Ice Cream” Song Is Here
What Zara Thinks of Those Xtina Comparisons...
Fans Weigh In on Addison Rae’s Name Change
Time to Tap Into Lorde’s “What Was That” Lyrics
Lorde Debuted “What Was That” With Fans in NYC
Celeb Link-Ups That Went Down at Coachella
Coachella’s Heineken House Brings Big VIP Vibes
LDR Is Finding Strength on Her Song, “Bluebird” 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.