Charli XCX may have painted this summer "Brat" green, but a new season — and thus new style trends — are upon us.
Although fall is yet to be given a quippy nickname (unless you count the annual Christian girl autumn memes), fashion brands and their consumers are already eyeing what's next. As a result, office fashionistas are building their fall work wardrobes.
In a world where trends are accelerated by the constant refreshing of TikTok's For You Page and other social media, it seems like Gen Z is either ahead of the curve or catching up on what's in style.
And as more companies require employees to return to the office full time, workers must navigate professional dress codes while still finding ways to express themselves.
So far, Gen Zers have made it clear that they're putting their own spin on the office dress code — as demonstrated by the "corporate goths" of TikTok who wear all black and thick eyeliner to work.
Business Insider spoke to three US-based workers about what's on their fashion wish list this fall.
Although they come from different professional backgrounds — and don't necessarily have the workwear restrictions that a big Wall Street firm might mandate — their fashion plans suggest some emerging trends for cool-weather dressing.
Booker works with teens as a health educator. In the office, he said he keeps it business casual and prefers to be "presentable but relaxed" when working on-site at schools.
He described his work style as professional with a hint of comfortable streetwear. For the fall, Booker is eyeing sneakers from On and Nike and vests from Patagonia and Ralph Lauren, and he's interested in exploring "the cowboy look."
A ten-gallon hat and cowboy boots might sound outlandish for work, but trendsetters like Bella Hadid and Beyoncé are making the look mainstream.
Rose told BI that working on a college campus means the dress code is "pretty lenient" for both staff members and students.
"My personal style is a mix of very flowy, typically 'girly' aesthetics with long skirts and dresses with bright colors," Rose said.
She added, "I really like to turn that into a more business casual look, usually pairing a fun shirt with some wide-legged trousers."
As for "Brat Summer," Rose compared it to the pink craze sparked by Barbie in 2023, which she said faded away by September last year.
"I think Brat Summer will see the same outcome of everyone forgetting their neon green and grunge club rat aesthetic the moment they have to start layering for the cold weather and clocking into their 9-to-5," she said.
Rose describes herself as a "thrifter through and through," so she doesn't usually look for specific brand names. But she's considering a dress from Reformation as a treat for herself this year.
Denim from Universal Thread and sweaters from Banana Republic have been favorites for the fall, and she said she'll be layering oversize sweaters on tight-fitting shirts for a preppier look.
Butler is an editorial video producer who works in an office with no dress code. The office encourages employees to wear what they want, and Butler takes full advantage by expressing her street style.
"I would describe my personal style as fluid, unique, nostalgic," Butler said.
She added that she takes inspiration from the past decades, like the 1990's and early 2000's (Y2K style is huge on TikTok these days), and vintage clothes from family help her achieve her vision.
She's "definitely into kitten heels, leg warmers, and maxi skirts right now," and brands like Miista, Ottolinger, and Cruda are on her wish list this fall.
Correction: September 27, 2024 — Corrects spelling of Sydney Rose's name in second subhead.
Jump to