Share
Williams-Brice Stadium in Columbia will host South Carolina's biggest-ever football match when Liverpool meet Manchester United on Saturday night.
The home of the Gamecocks, which has a capacity of 77,559, is set to be full for the pre-season meeting between the Premier League titans.
Organisers for the clash said tickets were snapped up within three hours of going on general sale.
The population for the city of Columbia itself is only around 144,000 but its proximity to Atlanta, Charlotte, Charleston and other bigger cities will see fans make the pilgrimage for such a landmark occasion.
"This historic event not only marks the first time our city welcomes such a prestigious game but also the inaugural international match at Williams-Brice Stadium," Chance Miller, the university's senior deputy athletics director, said.
"It showcases the excellence of the University of South Carolina, our world-class facilities and passionate fanbase, making Columbia an ideal host."
Williams-Brice Stadium was first constructed in 1934 and is currently the 22nd-largest ground in the USA.
It was originally called Carolina Municipal Stadium but its name was changed in 1972 to honour the Williams-Brice family, who had made a considerable donation to the university for stadium improvements.
Those in the stands make 'The Cock Pit' or 'Willy B' – as the locals call it – an intimidating place for the Gamecocks’ opponents to visit and it's widely considered one of the loudest stadiums in the NCAA. 
A recent gameday tradition is the playing of Darude's hit Sandstorm beforehand, which coincides with the crowd waving white towels.
You have to accept cookies in order to view this content on our site.
Scott Powers, executive director of Experience Columbia SC Sports, stated: "The global reach and fanbase surrounding this sport and these teams generates the potential to make this the most impactful sporting event ever hosted in Columbia. 
"We look forward to showcasing our destination to the fans of Man [United] and Liverpool and can't wait to paint the town red together come August 3."
There have also been many non-sporting events hosted at Williams-Brice Stadium in the past – ranging from a prayer service given by Pope John Paul II in 1987 to a Jay-Z and Beyoncé performance six years ago.
Share