We know that Texas is home to many incredible musicians; some of those are indeed our fellow rocking sistas. Yes we know there are incredible male singers but this list is for the ladies; some of the biggest (most important) names to represent Texas have been women. And if you need proof, here are 10 of them.
Hey we had to start our list with the "Queen of Tejano Music", Selena. Even after her murder in 1995, her music continues to inspire new generations of musicians & Tejano music; she was the first female Tejano artist to win a Grammy in 1994.
Speaking of queens, Queen Bee herself, Beyoncé has been one of the biggest popstars in the 21st century. Not only is she huge in the world of pop, but country as well, as she became the first black woman to top the Hot 100 with a country song (as well as her countless pop songs). Also we can't forget her work with Destiny's Child & her sister, Solange Knowles.
An artist we lost way too soon at the age of 27, Janis Joplin has become one of the pioneers for women in rock music. Her performances at Monterey Pop & Woodstock cemented her legacy in the world of music & that fact is further cemented when she was inducted in the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 1995.
At a time where male singers dominated the country world, Tanya Tucker was one of the few to prove that they can dominate too. Tanya was inducted into the Country Hall of Fame in 2023 & fun fact, she was one of the first Texas artists to ever perform a Super Bowl Halftime show.
Staying in the world of country, you know it's a big deal when you are nominated for more Academy of Country Music Awards than any other artist. That's the case with Miranda Lambert; she has 37 in total. For over 20 years, she's proven that yes...the ladies are here to stay in the world of country.
The Dallas guitarist, St. Vincent (whose real name is Anne Erin Clark), started off as a member of The Polyphonic Spree, before pursuing a solo career. Her playing has been so impressive, she was featured on Rolling Stone's Top 250 Guitarists of All Time at #26.
The winner of the very first American Idol in 2002, Kelly Clarkson proved that she is indeed a force to reckon with in the world of music. She was won several Grammys, Emmys, & CMA awards since she started in 2002. As she's still active in television & put out her 10th studio album in 2023, she's definitely looking to keep being a star.
Oh yeah I had to mention one of the biggest names in El Paso, Vikki Carr. But Vikki is a huge name for a reason; since 1962, she's won 3 Grammys & a Lifetime Achievement Award in 2008 during the 9th Annual Latin Grammys. She founded the Vikki Carr Scholarship Foundation in 1971. And believe me...there are several other amazing female El Paso musicians along with Vikki,
"The Queen of Neo Soul" was essential to the growth of neo soul in the late 90s; Erykah Badu started her career as a dancer before she started rapping & singing. She was nominated for 19 Grammys & won 4 of them. She's also #160 on Rolling Stone's Top 200 Greatest Singers of all time.
While Dale (real name Lucille Wood Smith) might be known as the 3rd wife to the singing cowboy, Roy Rogers, that doesn't diminish everything Dale accomplished in her lifetime. She appeared in 27 films alongside her husband, Dale was inducted into Cowgirl Museum & Hall of Fame in 1995, she was #34 in CMT's 40 Greatest Women in Country Music, and...she has her very own star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame that's been there since 1960.
Of course I know there are several other names that are worth mentioning like Bobbie Nelson, Cindy Walker, Megan Thee Stallion, Mickey Guyton, Kacey Musgraves, Marcia Ball & The Chicks.
Gallery Credit: Daniel Paulus
Gallery Credit: Daniel Paulus
Gallery Credit: Daniel Paulus
Gallery Credit: Daniel Paulus