Last year was a roller coaster for Ariana Madix, to put it lightly. The "Vanderpump Rules" star famously ended her 10-year relationship after discovering a months-long affair between her then-boyfriend and best friend. While the fallout literally changed everything, Madix is much more than another reality TV fixture recovering from a messy breakup. In fact, her future has never looked brighter.   
On the seventh episode of season 11 of "Vanderpump Rules," which was filmed in the spring/summer of 2023, astrologer and castmate Ally Lewber said that by March 2024, Madix would be in a much better place. And she is. She was cast on "Dancing With the Stars" season 32, she starred in a Broadway show, and she has countless brand deals, including Duracell batteries, BIC razors, and a shoe collection with DSW. Plus, her and fellow castmate Katie Maloney's new sandwich shop, Something About Her, opened to the public on May 22, and it's the new, go-to place to romanticize lunch.  
After the success of Madix's "Chicago" run, she's gearing up to return to Broadway in August in her starring role as Roxie Hart in "Chicago." And finally, you can catch Madix on your TV screen as the new host of season six of "Love Island USA," premiering June 11 on Peacock. 
Her career is clearly taking off, but her current emotional state is a bit more complicated. "I think it's going to take me still a lot more time to be able to reflect and kind of truly process the last year of my life," Madix tells PS. However, she still thinks Lewber's reading was spot on. "Ally can read a chart, and she very accurately has predicted the future. She's so smart, she's so good at it," says Madix, before adding: "I think that she was right." 
To kick-start her self-reflection and healing journey, Madix wrote the cocktail recipe book, "Single AF Cocktails," and she calls it her version of a breakup album. "I'm always so impressed by people who can turn their life experiences or emotions into music — and maybe one day I'll be able to do that," she says, noting that she's a big fan of Beyoncé, Kelly Clarkson, and Kacey Musgraves. "But cocktails are my creative medium. I wanted to have this, my breakup album, told through cocktails and photography." 
Madix's "Single AF Cocktails" book includes cocktail creations for various life experiences. Trying to get over a past lover? Whip up the Rat Poison cocktail, which has four types of whiskey for a delightfully bitter taste that drowns out any lingering feelings. The Revenge Dress cocktail, a nod to Madix's spectacular look from the season 10 reunion, is a spicy Negroni for when you're ready to step out looking hotter than ever. The Lemonade cocktail, inspired by Beyoncé's album of the same name, is all about a fresh start; mixing vodka, gin, lemon juice, and club soda, the refreshing cocktail is what Madix envisions Roxie Hart would drink. And the "My Sweet Honey" cocktail blends sweetness with a kick, incorporating tequila, honey syrup, lemon juice, and ginger beer. Madix names it as her drink of choice when watching "Love Island." 
While writing her cocktail recipe book, Madix also made time to waltz her way to the finale of "Dancing With the Stars," where she says she learned a valuable lesson in partnership and trust. "I had not done partner dancing before, and my partner being such an incredible ballroom dancer and knowing how to do this partner-style dance, was able to show me just how that works," says Madix, who finished third place on the show. "There's a trust there, and there's knowing that you're safe."  
Despite having a résumé that most reality stars can only dream of, Madix says she's actually just getting started. "There's so many things that I want to do," she reveals. "I would love to come back to Broadway, whether in 'Chicago' again or at another show. I love being on stage. It's so much fun every night, and who knows what the future has in store? I am open and ready, and excited to see what happens. 
Ahead of her big "Love Island USA" debut, Madix shared her current must-have products with PS, including her go-to slides, her favorite weighted blanket, and more.  
Madix discovered the Oofos Ooahh Slide Sandal ($60) when the "Dancing With the Stars" costume department gifted them to her. "During my run on "Dancing With the Stars," I was dealing with foot injuries. I could barely walk sometimes. Even after the finale of 'Dancing with the Stars,' these slides were the only shoes I could actually walk in," she says. 

Available in sizes five to 16, these slides have a foam technology that absorbs 37 percent of impact to help reduce the stress on the feet, knees, and joints. They offer arch support and have a diamond-grid footbed that promotes the natural motion of walking. "They are incredible. I don't know how to explain it. I don't even think soft is the right word. They are supportive. I was like, are these orthopedic or something? They feel amazing."
Madix feels "like a chic lady" when she sports her Gucci Ophidia GG Small Top Handle Bag ($2,980). "Gucci is a brand that does fun things, but they also have a lot of things that are just timeless and that are never going to go out of style," she says. Madix notes that she doesn't have a lot of luxury bags, but for her, the Ophidia handbag is worth the investment since it's not too trendy and rather versatile with its vintage-inspired design.

You can find a lip balm, her asthma inhaler, her phone, her ID and cards, and some old receipts in her bag.
Madix swears by the efficiency of the Bic EasyRinse Anti-Clogging Disposable Razors ($6, originally $10) during her morning shower routine. "These razors have this anti-clogging technology where the blades are further apart, so when you're shaving and rinse off the razor, it is ready to go quickly. I can spend more time on other things and less time in the shower trying to unclog my razor," she says. 

The razors have four blades with lubricating strips infused with aloe vera and vitamin E for an effortless glide. "My skin is less irritated because I can shave much faster, and I have touchably smoother skin. It's a game changer in that regard." 

Pro Tip: To get a better shave, Madix recommends using a stool or a ledge to help you with hard-to-reach areas.
Madix always reaches for her Bearaby Cotton Napper ($249) before bed, and she prefers it to be slightly heavy. "I don't know what the science mentally behind it is, but it feels so relaxing," she says. 

Available in four colors, this chunky knitted weighted blanket is breathable, feels buttery soft, and adds texture to your space. "I like to keep it on my lower legs, and just that little bit of weight, for some reason, makes me feel great. I can't fall asleep if my feet are cold, and I think the weight helps my feet warm up faster. My lower legs feel secure and relaxed." 

Pro Tip: It's available in weights ranging from 10 to 25 pounds, and the brand says that the blanket should be about 10 percent of your body weight.
Madix is a big fan of Béis's luggage and often travels with her Atlas Pink Béis The Carry-On Roller ($238). One of her favorite features is the padded handle grip. "I didn't really notice it at first, but then I was trying to maneuver the bag, and I was like, oh, this feels nice on my wrist. It's flexible in that regard." She also appreciates its expandable design, and that it comes with separate bags for her dirty laundry. 

Madix leans towards being an over-packer, but she has a few tips for packing smart. She recommends having a bag of travel-size toiletries ready to go and outfits you can mix and match to make packing easier. "If you can avoid checking in a bag, it saves so much time. Sometimes [planes] run out of luggage space, so I'll pay extra to board sooner so that I can make sure that no one takes the space," she says.
Anvita Reddy is an assistant editor for POPSUGAR Shopping. She has a passion for products and is an avid reviewer of everything including furniture, mattresses, home gadgets, cookware, tech, and more. Having dealt with acne as a teenager and into adulthood, her expertise lies in beauty. She has tried and tested plenty of skin care, makeup, hair care, and countless other beauty products.