Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a Premium Subscription to continue reading.


Please purchase a Premium Subscription to continue reading.

Your current subscription does not provide access to this content.

Support the Peninsula’s only locally-owned newspaper. Subscribe!
Subscribing annually brings you big savings. We also offer monthly and weekly subscriptions.
Premium Subscription
As low as $8.25 per week
Premium Includes:
-- Access to the Daily Journal’s e-Edition: a digital replica of our daily newspaper including crossword puzzles, games, comics, classifieds and ads. You can download a digital replica of the Daily Journal for offline reading. You can also clip & download articles or images from the e-edition to share with others The most recent 90 issues are available at any given time.
-- Unlimited access to our award-winning online content
-- Commenting access on all stories as a valued member of the DJ community
-- NEW! Access to our online-only digital crossword puzzle. A new puzzle every day, seven days a week!
Support the Peninsula’s only locally-owned newspaper. Subscribe!
Subscribing annually brings you big savings. We also offer monthly and weekly subscriptions.
DJ Basic Subscription
As low as $5 per month
Basic includes:
-- Unlimited access to our award-winning online content
-- Commenting access on all stories as a valued member of the DJ community
What you're missing -- Additional features available only with the Premium level:
-- Access to the Daily Journal’s e-Edition: a digital replica of our daily newspaper including crossword puzzles, games, comics, classifieds and ads. You can download a digital replica of the Daily Journal for offline reading. You can also clip & download articles or images from the e-edition to share with others The most recent 90 issues are available at any given time.
-- NEW! Access to our online-only digital crossword puzzle. A new puzzle every day, seven days a week!
All for as low as $8.25 per month.
Partly cloudy and windy. High 59F. Winds WNW at 20 to 30 mph.  Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph..
                                
Partly cloudy. Gusty winds diminishing after midnight. Low near 50F. WNW winds at 20 to 30 mph, decreasing to 5 to 10 mph.  Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 12:09 pm
Music and politics have been entangled since the start. There is an innate connection between the two. To create art is to defy the norms. To think outside the box. To be different. Music can be a powerful tool, engaging audiences in different feelings of resentment or pain.
It builds a community and promotes the feeling of empathy in audiences, pushing for rebellion. Thus, music has often been a tool used to protest and bring about social change. 
There are many famous instances of this. “American Idiot” by Green Day was written in response to former President George W. Bush and the war in Iraq and later resurged following the election of former president and president-elect, Donald Trump, in November 2016. “Say It Loud (I’m Black And I’m Proud)” by James Brown details Black pride and encourages Black people to stand up for their rights. There are hundreds of songs written in protest of the Vietnam War such as “Fortunate Son” by Creedence Clearwater Revival or “Bring ‘em Home” by Pete Seeger. 
With folk music expressing anti-war protests in the 1960s and rock music attacking establishments and systemic societal issues, not only has music and politics entwined through history, but it has also affected the scope of our nation, oftentimes swaying public opinion.
Yet many believe the era of political music may be gone now. With rock music slowly being replaced by pop or electronic music and songs discussing protests dwindling, there seems to be less and less mainstream political music, leaving some to wonder if the era of protest music is over.
It is not completely fair to say that protest music is dead. There are plenty of instances of musical rebellion in modern music. For example, “Born This Way” by Lady Gaga is seen as an international gay anthem and includes the topic of homosexuality and how it is natural. Beyoncé’s famous album “Lemonade” discusses political issues such as racism and police brutality. 
However, these instances have astounding similarities between them. Most activist music you hear today is about promoting the issues of feminism or queer rights or racial equality. And although the messages are nice, you rarely hear musical activism outside of those bounds, especially now. Anti-war music or music criticizing the government or capitalism or the wage gap, although exist, are less common than before and never grow to much popularity.
There are a few possible explanations for this trend. After 9/11, 164 songs were banned from the radio for being insensitive or anti-American. There was a general culture shift, not allowing people to be too critical of the government, and preventing the songs with ideals that disagreed with the government from becoming mainstream.
Furthermore, the rise of social media may have also caused the death of protest music. Many use social media to show support for different movements, alleviating the need for protest music, as people have different ways of expressing their opinions. 
In the modern age, music is subjected to a certain aesthetic for profit purposes. Some songs are deemed acceptable to be promoted, while others are not. The music industry dictates the type of activism that is seen, so songs about cultural rebellion are popular, yet there is rarely any other form of rebellion within music activism because an industry built on capitalism isn’t going to sponsor a song with anti-capitalist ideals. 
Maybe it’s the end of the era of protest music. Maybe it still exists, just in a different form and we should embrace the new era of protest music centered around cultural rebellion. Politics will forever be embedded within music. And though most modern protest music references topics relating to race or sexuality, the scope of the music industry may one day change. Whether it does or not, music has significant effects on culture and opinion, as one can express their pain or anguish through melodies, having the ability to shape opinions and create community.
Ellen Li is a senior at Aragon High School in San Mateo. Student News appears in the weekend edition. You can email Student News at news@smdailyjournal.com.

                            Only subscribers can view and post comments on articles.
                        

                            Already a subscriber? Login Here

Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: