The Hole musician also took aim at Lana Del Rey in a new interview with 'The Standard'
Julien Hekimian/Getty Images; Mason Poole/Parkwood Media/Getty Images; Kevin Mazur/WireImage
 Courtney Love may have dug herself into a bit of a "hole."

 In an interview with The Standard on Sunday, April 14, the Hole frontwoman, 59, opened up about the female artists she's a fan of — Debbie Harry, Patti Smith, Nina Simone and PJ Harvey — and the ones she's not.

 One of the artists on the list was Taylor Swift, whom Love deemed "not important."

 “She might be a safe space for girls, and she’s probably the Madonna of now, but she’s not interesting as an artist,” she told the outlet.

 Love then offered up her opinion on Lana Del Rey.

 "I haven’t liked Lana since she covered a John Denver song, and I think she should really take seven years off. Up until ‘Take Me Home Country Roads’ I thought she was great. When I was recording my new album, I had to stop listening to her as she was influencing me too much," the "Violet" artist said.

 Love was direct when she addressed her distaste for Madonna.

 "I don’t like her and she doesn’t like me," she said, adding that while she loved the 1985 film Desperately Seeking Susan — which starred the pop star — it was "for the city of New York as much as her."

 While Love appears to respect Beyoncé, she isn't a fan of her music.

 "I mean, I like the idea of doing a country record because it’s about Black women going into spaces where previously only white women have been allowed, not that I like it much. As a concept, I love it. I just don’t like her music," she told the publication.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories. 

Dave Benett/Getty
 The conversation about Love's thoughts on other women in music isn't out of left field.

 On Monday, April 15, she launched her eight-part series — Courtney Love's Women — on BBC Radio 6 Music and BBC Sounds, where she details the women in music who shaped her life and career.

 With the series, Love wants to "redeem some of the women who have been treated so badly by the record industry."

 "After I saw the success of [all-girl band] The Runaways in the mid-1970s, I had this idea that Hollywood was run by girls in bands, or at least by girls who wanted to f--- guys in bands. Boy was I wrong. Hollywood was like the rest of the music industry: run by men. So, I didn’t accept it. I said, f--- you. Producers, critics, musicians, all men. I don’t think so. Women are still marginalized in this industry, even though they’re more successful," the "Doll Parts" performer said of her rationale for doing the BBC series.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)