“Mental illness on full display"
Travis Kelce’s father Ed has reacted to Kanye West‘s latest song ‘LIFESTYLE (Demo)’ which references Taylor Swift‘s and Travis’ relationship.
The new song is featured on the rapper’s – who now goes by Ye –  ‘Vultures 2’ LP. The track features a guest verse from Lil Wayne and sees Weezy rap: “I twist my Taylor spliffs tight at the end like Travis Kelce.”
Ed Kelce took to his official Facebook page and posted a link to a Daily Mail article headlined: “Kanye West mentions Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce in Vultures 2 track.” He captioned his post: “Mental illness on full display.”
The rapper was previously diagnosed with bipolar disorder and has previously addressed his ongoing battles with his mental health, touching on his frustrations towards the popular narrative that he’s “crazy”.
Ye and Ty Dolla $ign, real name Tyrone Griffin Jr., released their first collaborative album, ‘Vultures 1’, under the name ¥$ on February 10, before ‘Vultures 2’ arrived last Saturday (August 4) – months after its original release date in March.
This is not the first time Ye has mentioned the ‘Bejeweled’ singer in one of his songs. On the track ‘Carnival’ from his 2024 album ‘Vultures 1‘, Ye raps: “I mean since Taylor Swift, since I had the Rollie on the wrist / I’m the new Jesus, bitch, I turn water to Cris’”
Back in 2016, the rapper referenced Swift and their 2009 VMAs altercation in his song ‘Famous‘ and rapped: “I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex / Why? I made that bitch famous (Goddamn) / I made that bitch famous”.
Kanye West (L) accepts the Video Vanguard Award from recording artist Taylor Swift onstage during the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards at Microsoft Theater on August 30, 2015 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/MTV1415/Getty Images For MTV)
The same night ‘Famous’ was released, TMZ reported that sources claimed Swift was informed about the lyric prior to the debut of his 2016 LP ‘The Life of Pablo’.
The singer’s reps went on to refute the claim that she approved the track, with them releasing an official statement to Billboard that read: “Kanye did not call for approval, but to ask Taylor to release his single ‘Famous’ on her Twitter account. She declined and cautioned him about releasing a song with such a strong misogynistic message. Taylor was never made aware of the actual lyric, ‘I made that bitch famous.’”
At the time, Ye’s ex-wife Kim Kardashian leaked a recording of a phone call where the singer appeared to approve the lyric. In 2020, the full recording of the call was released and showed that Swift did not approve of the lyrics.
NME reviewed ‘Vultures 1’ in March. In a two-star review, we said: “‘Vultures 1’ might not be the total dud that could put Kanye’s career six feet under, but it is far from one of his best efforts either. It’s more cohesive than ‘Donda’ – although that’s not hard, given it’s about half its length – and includes some well-curated guest spots from Travis Scott, Playboi Carti and India Love. Ty Dolla $ign sounds spectacular on the record, too, even if it does make you question why he’d choose to be overshadowed by his collaborator and the baggage that comes with him. For now, though, it’s onwards to March’s ‘Vultures 2’ and, hopefully, several changes in attitude. Don’t hold your breath.”
In other Ye news, the rapper said that Beyoncé should allow Jay-Z to cheat on her in a recently shared interview, originally recorded in 2022.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.