Bey revealed the information as Wonder presented her with the Innovator Award at the 2024 iHeartRadio Awards.

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

	On Monday night (April 1), Beyoncé showed up in her best Cowboy Carter garb to accept the Innovator Award from living legend Stevie Wonder at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards. She also revealed that Wonder played the harmonica on her rendition of Dolly Parton’s 1973 classic, “Jolene.”

	“Thank you so much Stevie, I love you. I love you and I honor you,” Bey started as she joined the 73-year-old on stage. “I want to thank you for making a way for all of us. I’m honored to receive this recognition from you, Stevie Wonder. Whenever anyone asks me if there’s anyone I can listen to for the rest of my life, it’s always you. So thank you, God bless you.” 

	










	“And thank you for playing the harmonica on ‘Jolene,’” she added as Wonder praised her “for motivating the world to be a better place.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Beyoncé Celebrates Tina Knowles' No. 1 Memoir At 'Cowboy Carter' Second LA Show		
			







	The Act II single hears a twist to Parton’s original ballad, where she pleads with a promiscuous woman to leave her man alone. For Bey’s rendition, she warns the woman to mind the business that pays her. Since its release, the track has received mixed reviews with some loving the innovation of the cover and others remaining loyal to the original.

	In Beyoncé’s speech, she spoke on what it means to be an Innovator and accept such an award, proclaiming that “Innovation starts with a dream” that has to be executed. She added that following her dreams at times could be “bumpy.”

	“Being an innovator is seeing what everyone believes is impossible. Being an innovator often means being criticized, which often will test your mental strength,” she continued. “Being an innovator is leaning on faith and trusting that God will catch you and guide you. So, to all the record labels, every radio station, every award show, my hope is that we’re more open to the joy and liberation that comes from enjoying art with no preconceived notions.”

	“I want to dedicate this award to all the innovators who have dedicated their lives and their art to creating shifts. So thank you for your sacrifices, your powerful voices and your dauntless spirits,” she ended. 

	The Houston icon also used the moment to thank innovators who paved the way for her including, “Rosetta Tharpe, Miss Tracy Chapman, Linda Martell, Prince, Wonder, André 3000, Tina Turner, Michael Jackson, and so many more who defied any label placed upon them.” 

	










	In addition to Wonder, Act II: Cowboy Carter features musical assistance from Parton, Willie Nelson, Tanner Adell, Brittney Spencer, Tiera Kennedy, Linda Martell, Shaboozey, Willie Jones, Miley Cyrus, and Post Malone. 

	Take a look at Beyoncé accepting her Innovator Award from Stevie Wonder above.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.