Props to Carole King, Alanis Morissette, Cynthia Weil and more.

													By
												

	Paul Grein


Amy Allen made history at the 67th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday (Feb. 2), becoming the first woman to win for songwriter of the year, non-classical. The category is still fairly new: This was just the third year it was presented. Tobias Jesso Jr. was the inaugural winner in 2023, for writing songs by such artists as Harry Styles, Adele and FKA Twigs. Theron Thomas won in 2024 for writing songs by such artists as Lil Durk featuring J. Cole, Tyla and Chlöe.

	Allen beat Jessi Alexander, Édgar Barrera, Jessie Jo Dillon and RAYE to take the honor. All nominated songwriters in this category have sample credits listed on the ballot. Allen’s were “Espresso,” “Please Please Please” and “Taste” by Sabrina Carpenter; “Sweet Dreams” and “High Road” by Koe Wetzel (the latter a collab with Jessie Murph), “Chrome Cowgirl” by Leon Bridges, “Run for the Hills” by Tate McRae, “Scared of my Guitar” by Olivia Rodrigo,  and “Selfish “ by Justin Timberlake.

	Nominees for songwriter of the year, non-classical can come from any musical field except classical. Those composers are recognized in the best contemporary classical composition category.

	Allen received her first Grammy nod three years ago for her songwriting contributions to the deluxe edition of Justin Bieber’s Justice, an album of the year nominee. She won her first Grammy two years ago for her songwriting contributions to Harry Styles’ Harry’s House, which won album of the year.

	Allen had three other nominations this year – album of the year for Carpenter’s Short n’ Sweet, song of the year for “Please Please Please” and best song written for visual media for *NSYNC’s “Better Place” from TROLLS Band Together.

	To mark Allen’s achievement as the first woman to win songwriter of the year, non-classical, here are the first women to win in 10 other songwriting categories at the Grammys.

	Carole King in 1972 for writing “You’ve Got a Friend,” which was featured on her Tapestry album and was also a No. 1 Hot 100 hit for James Taylor. It took a while for a woman to win this award: This was the category’s 14th year. King later also became the first woman to win the Gershwin Prize for Popular Song. She and former husband and collaborator Gerry Goffin were inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1987. King received that organization’s highest honor, the Johnny Mercer Award, in 2002.

	Alanis Morissette in 1996 for co-writing “You Oughta Know,” the most incendiary track on her Jagged Little Pill album, with Glen Ballard. This was the category’s fifth year.

	Betty Wright in 1976, for co-writing her track “Where Is the Love” with Harry Wayne Casey and Richard Finch (both of KC and the Sunshine Band) and Willie Clarke. Note: This is not the far more famous Roberta Flack & Donny Hathaway song of the same title, but confusion with that classic may have worked to this song’s benefit. This was the category’s eighth year.

	Miri Ben Ari in 2005, for co-writing Ye’s “Jesus Walks” with Che Smith and Kanye West (as Ye was then known). This was the category’s second year.

	Debbie Hupp in 1980, for co-writing the Kenny Rogers ballad hit “You Decorated My Life” with Bob Morrison. This was the category’s 16th year.

	Cynthia Weil in 1988, for co-writing the Linda Ronstadt & James Ingram hit “Somewhere Out There” (from An American Tail) with her husband and longtime collaborator Barry Mann and film composer James Horner. This was the category’s first year. (The ballad also won song of the year.) Weil and husband and collaborator Barry Mann were inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 1987. They received that organization’s highest honor, the Johnny Mercer Award, in 2011.

	Edie Brickell in 2014 for cowriting “Love Has Come for You” with Steve Martin. They also recorded the song. This was the category’s first year.

	Yolanda Adams in 2006 for co-writing her track “Be Blessed” with Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis and James Q. Wright. This was the category’s first year. The award is now known as best gospel performance/song.

	Laura Story in 2012 for writing her own track “Blessings.” This was the category’s third year. The award is now known as best contemporary Christian music performance/song.

	Joan Tower in 2008 for composing “Made in America.” This was the category’s 30th year.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.