Charli xcx is the first British artist to top the official singles chart in the UK this year.

								By 

	Thania Garcia


	Charli is back at No. 1 in the U.K. following the surprise release of a “Guess” — a song from her latest offering, “Brat” — remix featuring Billie Eilish. 

	Just as “Brat” moves to No. 2 on the Official Albums chart, “Guess” featuring Billie Eilish assumes the top spot, becoming the Essex-bred singer’s first No. 1 song as a main artist on the Official Singles chart. Its her first appearance at No. 1 since Icona Pop and Charli’s collaborative “I Love It” led the list back in 2013. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					Shelter PR Promotes Veteran Publicists Jenny Tversky, Stephanie Kazanjian, Jessica Sze and Larissa Saenz		
			








	Charli also earns the recognition of being the first British artist to top the Official Singles Chart this year. American acts (and one Irish act — ahem, Hozier) have mostly led the list, with Sabrina Carpenter being the former No. 1 holder. The U.K. singles chart has reflected the United States chart for a majority of this year, with previous No. 1s coming from Beyoncé (“Texas Hold ‘Em”), Noah Kahan (“Stick Season”), Benson Boone (“Beautiful Things”) and Taylor Swift (feat. Post Malone for “Fortnight”), among others. 




			Popular on Variety		






	The “Guess” remix was released on Aug. 1 with a matching Aidan Zamiri-directed music video for that sees Charli and Billie climbing a mountain of lingerie. This is Billie’s third No. 1 single in the U.K. behind  “No Time to Die” (2020) and “What Was I Made For?” (2023).

	As for the remainder of the year, Charli will be heading out on her biggest headline tour to-date in arenas throughout the U.K. in November and December. She’ll also join longtime collaborator Troye Sivan for their co-headline U.S. arena tour “Charli XCX & Troye Sivan Present: Sweat,” which starts Sept. 14 in Detroit, Mich. at the Little Caesars Arena.  It will close on Oct. 23 in Seattle, Wash. at the Climate Pledge Arena.
The Business of Entertainment