We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
AIRriving on Tuesday 26 March
Sign up to the Esquire Shops newsletter. Each week, we'll be directing you towards some of the best menswear deals happening right now, alongside style advice, trend reports, grooming tips and product recommendations from the most tasteful people we know.
Icon status often arrives with a day of its very own. There's J.R.R. Tolkien Day, which falls on 3 January, while Beyoncé has hers on 23 May, and the 24 July is a non-stop Amelia Earhart-athon. Kevin Hart is saluted by the good people of his hometown of Philadelphia on 6 July; Elvis has his own week in August, and Prince Day happens on Halloween. Please plan accordingly.
For Air Max – the seminal, Swoosh-owned 37-year-old sneaker franchise beloved by sneaker wearers worldwide – it’s 26 March. During these 24 hours, Nike celebrates the legendary line with special drops, live and interactive content, IRL affairs and more. 
Here's all you should know about the annual affair, including all the sneakers confirmed to drop today.
Air Max is a Nike sneaker line launched in 1987 with the release of the Air Max 1, the brainchild of legendary footwear designer Tinker Hatfield. Inspired by the exposed inner workings of Richard Rogers, Renzo Piano and Gianfranco Franchini’s Centre Pompidou – particularly the red-bottomed tunnel that protrudes from the Parisian building – Hatfield designed the silhouette with a midsole window that looked in on the compressed air that provides the shoe with its cushioned feel. 
Henceforth, Air Max – alongside Air Jordan – has been pivotal to the success of the Oregon-based sportswear label. 
Air Max Day is a celebration of the Air Max line and all of its contributors, from Tinker Hatfield (Air Max 1) to Sergio Lozano (Air Max 95) to Christian Tresser (Air Max 97). It invites newer members of the sneaker community to delve into Air Max’s rich history, and reminds seasoned collectors of the significance of the sundry silhouettes that have emerged from the franchise. 
Moreover, it's a chance for sneakerheads to get their hands on some very special releases;  grails such as the Sean Wotherspoon x Nike Air Max 1/97, Jasmin Lasode x Nike Air Max 'London summer of love' and the Nike Air Max 90 'bacon' reissue have released on Air Max Days of the past.   
Air Max Day was inaugurated on 26 March 2014, exactly 27 years after the Air Max 1 launched in 1987. The day centred on the release of the Nike Air Max 1 Premium QS ‘Air Max Day’ – a neon twist on the initial colourway of the original Air Max model. 
Like every year, Air Max Day 2024 takes place on 26 March, the anniversary of the Air Max 1. This year, the 26 falls on the last Tuesday of the month.
The best way to participate in Air Max Day 2024 is to regularly check in on the Nike SNKRS app, as well as Nike.com, on Tuesday 26 March and the days surrounding it.
Nike sneaker retailers such as Footpatrol, End, SNS and Offspring have also been known to participate in the annual celebration, so keep tabs on their webstores and social media channels. 
Every year, Nike recognises the anniversary of its Air Max franchise with noteworthy releases – from silhouette debuts to collaborative designs to OG colourway reissues. 
Here are the sneakers of Air Max Day 2024.  
The Air Max Dn is a sustainably made silhouette – one of our most anticipated sneakers of 2024 – that has emerged from the development of a new Nike Air unit called 'Dynamic Air'. It's a dual-chamber, four-tubed component designed in a nifty way that allows the air to respond to the pressure as you walk to provide – and this is straight from the horse's mouth – “unreal comfort, a smooth stride and max bounce”. 
Just as pleasing to the eye as it is to the foot, the forward-thinking model – remindful of the Air Max 720 and the Air Max Tn – is sure to find itself favoured by the fashion-focused footwear fiends. 
In fact, eBay reports that the Dn is the second most-searched Air Max model of the month, the Air Max 97 being the first. So, expect to see this shoe everywhere in the coming weeks.
This year's Air Max 1 '86 release replaces the red accents of the OG with hits of royal blue, taking inspiration from another classic colourway of the first Air Max silhouette. 
To celebrate ten years of Air Max Day celebrations, Nike designed a big-bubbled, blue take on the very first Air Max Day trainer: the Air Max 1 3.26. The volt midsole returns, and so does the date-stamped tongue label. 
If you’re hoping to get a hold of some Air Max sneakers on Air Max Day, you’re going to want to pick up a pair that fits you just right. As a rule of thumb, Air Max sneakers fit true to size, but if you’re in-between sizes, it's recommended that you opt for the larger size.  
The SB Dunk That Celebrates Black Rodeo
The Paraboot Michael Is This Year's Hottest Shoe
How To Wear Slim Trainers in 2025
How to Buy the Jumpman Jack “Bright Cactus”
Trainers to Have on Your Radar
Nanushka and Asics Are Bringing Back Ankle Socks
The Story Behind Liam Gallagher's Love of Clarks
Bode Rec. x Nike SS25: Touchdown Style, Round Two
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander Explains The SHAI 001
Elmo is The New Face of On (and Fun Runs!)
YMC and Grenson's Brand-New Big Steppers
The AJ1 ﻿“Black Toe” is Reimagined for 2025
ESQUIRE, PART OF THE HEARST UK FASHION & BEAUTY NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.