ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES - MARCH 14: Megan Thee Stallion and Beyoncé win the award for Best Rap Song at THE 63rd ... More ANNUAL GRAMMY® AWARDS, broadcast live from the STAPLES Center in Los Angeles, Sunday, March 14, 2021 on the CBS Television Network and Paramount+. Megan Thee Stallion and Beyoncé have a very special friendship, and the latter star has even helped the rapper become a mogul. (Photo by Cliff Lipson/CBS via Getty Images)
Megan Thee Stallion is finally doing things on her own. The rapper just released her latest album, the self-titled Megan, which marks a very special new chapter in her career. After rising to superstar status under a record deal that she claims was not right for her–and that’s putting it mildly–she’s an independent musician, and things are going very, very well.
The Grammy winner recently appeared on the Club Shay Shay podcast to talk about her new album, as well as her friendship with none other than Beyoncé. The chart-topper shared what she’s learned from the powerhouse vocalist, as well as a veiled threat she made to her friend.
"I used to be the cognac queen,” Stallion started when discussing business matters and her past as a drinker. “But as much as I used to enjoy cognac and I promoted a lot of people's liquor brands, she was like, 'The next time I see you, you need to have your own alcoholic beverage,'" she stated, referring to Beyoncé.
Of course, when Beyoncé tells you to do something, you go out and do it. Stallion hasn’t yet revealed her plans to take over the alcohol industry, but based on the podcast interview, she’s about to launch something big.
Stallion went on to praise both Beyoncé and Jay-Z, who she feels “definitely put me in a position to learn how to be my own boss." She’s not only speaking about her upcoming foray into the spirits industry, either, as the hip-hop talent now runs her own career.
When Stallion realized she needed to get out of her label deal, she likely went through a period of uncertainty, but Bey and Jay talked her through it. “They told me, ‘You need to do this on your own,” she said of her conversation with the power couple.
Stallion shared that they told her, “You already know what it is. You already have all the tools,” which empowered her to feel like she could continue to soar in the cutthroat music industry without the backing of a company. They reportedly stated that she needed to “figure out how to get out here and be your own boss,” which is exactly what she’s done.
Megan was preceded by three singles, which all broke into the top 40 on the Hot 100. The second of the trio, “Hiss,” debuted at No. 1, earning the rapper not just another champion on the list of the most-consumed songs in the U.S., but her first leader as an independent artist.
Beyoncé and Stallion share two Grammys together. They hit No. 1 on the Hot 100 in 2020 with the “Savage” remix, which earned them both Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance. Stallion also appears in Beyoncé’s concert movie Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé.