Advertisement
For every election since 2016, Boston City Council President Ruthzee Louijeune has worn the same shoes on Election Day.
Louijeune will break out her special slip-on TOMS – which say “VO” and “TE” on each shoe — to knock on doors in Georgia for Vice President Kamala Harris. She and her staff will fan out across the country to talk with voters.
“Some of us will be in Georgia, some will be in Minnesota, some will be right here in the Commonwealth, getting out the vote for Kamala and making sure that we are voting for decency, democracy and a woman's right to choose,” she said.
Like many Massachusetts politicians and residents, Louijeune keeps up certain traditions — superstitions even — to stay energized and mark the day the polls close.
And when she’s running for office, Louijeune said it puts her “at ease” to campaign in her own neighborhood the night before Election Day and vote the next day alongside her family members.
Other politicians told WBUR they’re setting up fresh superstitious fashion choices this election.
John Deaton, an attorney and the Republican candidate for senator, said that he’ll honor his first run for office by reviving a campaign trail look.
“I plan to wear the same suit, socks and tie that I wore for the primary, considering I did so well on primary night,” he said.
Many other elected officials said they mentally prepare for the big day by getting a bright and early start.
Gov. Maura Healey says she always opts to greet poll workers with an early morning coffee delivery before visiting as many polling locations as she can.
Lt. Gov. Kim Driscoll meanwhile says she plans to fuel up for the day the same way she does every election: with breakfast at Red's Sandwich Shop in Salem.
Advertisement
Worried about how results will shake out for the Question 1 ballot measure she’s backing, Auditor Dianna DiZoglio said she’ll likely stay up late Monday. However, like many past Election Days, she’ll get up early to catch the sunrise.
“On Christmas Eve as a child, I would not be able to sleep expecting Santa to come and waiting up,” she said. “It's that type of energy the night before the election.”
Like others, DiZoglio plans to mitigate her election-related anxiety with a self-care routine. After the sunrise, she says she plans to meditate, walk through a local park, then drink lots of coffee and water all day.
Attorney General Andrea Campbell also fits in a meditation session and a walk on Election Day. In addition, she’ll don a “Black Women Lead” pin as she encourages people to vote and watches the results roll in at night.
Meanwhile, Sen. Ed Markey said on election night he invites his staff and their families to enjoy spaghetti and meatballs, Caesar salad and other favorites from Maggiano's Little Italy in Boston.
"Watching the results come in is always easier with good company and good food,” he said.
A few politicians who spoke with WBUR said they’ll turn to music to keep the vibes right.
Democrats Campbell and Louijuene will both turn to Beyoncé, especially Bey’s track “Freedom” — Harris’ campaign song. Campbell will also listen to some gospel songs, and Louijeune will blast Jeezy’s “Put On.”
But one elected official will do none of these things: Secretary of the Commonwealth Bill Galvin.
“The Secretary doesn’t relax on election night,” his spokesperson said. “He’s too busy administering the election.”
Do you have an Election Day tradition you’d like to share? Email newsletters@wbur.org with your full name and town of residence, and we might update this post to include your response.
This article was originally published on November 04, 2024.
Amy Sokolow is an associate producer for All Things Considered.
Advertisement
Advertisement