New month, new music! Discover the best new music releases in March 2024 including drum and bass, techno, house, indie, hip-hop, and more. 

Skiddle Staff
Date published: 4th Mar 2024
New month, new music! 
Now it’s March, we should have new music on the way from The Jesus and Mary Chain, Beyoncé, Bleachers, Sum 41, and more. So it seems like we’ve got loads to look forward to in terms of great new music releases in March 2024. Better yet, we’ve already got bangers added to our playlists! 
Our picks of the best new music of March 2024 (so far) include new tunes from A.M.C, Jamie Jones with Jazzy, Sam Paganini, Bru-C, Gorgon City, Rico Nasty x Boys Noize, Everything Everything, Serum and Voltage, Armand Hammer, Bob Vylan, CAIVA, ScHoolboy Q, gglum, and more. 
Check out the new tunes, follow the playlists, and secure tickets to see our featured artists live below. 
Essential Listening: House and Techno
In Your Arms - Jess Bays and Jem Cooke 
Jess Bays is back with another banger with house vocal powerhouse Jem Cooke. 
Using atmospheric synths, vocal glitches, and a massive bassline, Bays has crafted a dancefloor filler with a bit more emotional complexity than your typical club track. Longing and slightly pained, ‘In Your Arms’ is a track that’ll get you dancing but is also there for you when you want to get all up in your feelings. But the track wouldn’t be what it is without the emotive vocals of Cooke.  
An excellent collab, we can’t wait to hear this through some massive speakers, slightly tipsy, enjoying a moment we won’t forget with our mates. 
Get tickets to see Jess Bays live here:
Creamfields | Thursday 22nd - Sunday 25th August 2024 | Daresbury in Cheshire
Buy tickets:


















































Buy tickets:
Essential Listening: Indie and Alternative
All I Need - The Blinders  
Taken from the band’s newest album Beholder, ‘All I Need’ is the cathartic closer. 
A huge track, particularly at the crescendo, ‘All I Need’ wanders, somehow sounding hopeless and hopeful, exhausted, happy and sad, doomed and gentle, at different points in the track. Normally, that might sound unappealing but somehow they made it work brilliantly. It’ll be a fantastic song to end on when they’re playing live. 
Complex and a super enjoyable listen, we’d have to say The Blinders seem a little underrated in the indie world. 
Get tickets to see The Blinders live here:
The Blinders | Saturday 9th March 2024 | The Castle And Falcon in Birmingham
Buy tickets:


















































Buy tickets:
Essential Listening: Drum & Bass and Jungle
Moody - Amplify 
Just ahead of his debut UK tour this spring, Ampy’s dropped a belter.
Never missing, the adored DJ and producer dropped his EP of the same name at the start of the month, showcasing what DnB fans are going to miss out on if they don’t snag tickets for the tour soon. 
‘Moody’ is dark with in-your-face percussion, face-melting drops, rumbling basslines you feel in your soul, and is just absolutely mad. 
Sounding like the Decepticons and Autobots are having the ultimate clash in a grimy rave, we couldn’t not add it to our new music March 2024 DnB playlist. 
Get tickets to see Amplify live here:
Amplify & Friends - UK Tour | Sunday 5th May 2024 (bank holiday weekend) | Lakota in Bristol
Buy tickets:


















































Buy tickets:
Amplify & Friends - UK Tour | Saturday 11th May 2024 | The Scala in Kings Cross, London
Buy tickets:


















































Buy tickets:
Essential Listening: Hip-Hop and Jazz
SAVED - IAMDDB 
Taken from her new album LOVE is WAR, Volume 6, ‘SAVED’ is a laidback, soulful tune.
IAMDDB is known for her ability to change and fuse genres effortlessly with trap, hip-hop, jazz fusion, and more. The Mancunian rapper and singer looked to god on this one, which features lush horns and strings over gentle, atmospheric keys.
The luxurious harmonies make this one the gem that it is. We’re certain she’ll kill this live! 
Get tickets to see IAMDDB live here:
IAMDDB: Love Is War World Tour | Friday 27th September 2024 | Academy 2 in Manchester
Buy tickets:


















































Buy tickets:
Follow our Essential Listening playlists featured above to discover the best new tracks released each week, as curated by the Skiddle team.
Check out our What's On Guide to discover more rowdy raves and sweaty gigs taking place over the coming weeks and months. For festivals, lifestyle events and more, head on over to our Things To Do page or be inspired by the event selections on our Inspire Me page.
Header image credit: Jamie Jones / Facebook.com
Read more news
live news
club news
festival news
all latest news
Order History / Your Tickets
Gigs  ●  Clubs  ● 
                    Festivals ● 
                    Things to do
“On your side since 2001, because we believe true fans deserve a
                    fairer and smarter way to discover events they love.”
© 2001 - 2025 Skiddle Ltd  |  Skiddle is a registered
                    trademark  |  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

        We use cookies to make sure we give you the best experience possible. By continuing, you're accepting that
        you're happy with our cookie policy. Click
        here
        to find out more.
    
❌