Rain early...then remaining cloudy with showers overnight. Low around 55F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall around a quarter of an inch..
                                
Rain early...then remaining cloudy with showers overnight. Low around 55F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall around a quarter of an inch.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 3:06 pm
Attendees of the BIPOC Community event at the Manchester Community Library gather in the Hunter Community Room.
MANCHESTER — During the August BIPOC CommUNITY event, which was held at the Manchester Community Library, participants listened to a vocal performance by Long Trail student Naomi Fitzpatrick, enjoyed the catered food supplied by Everton Brownie, and were free to utilize the services of barber Kilcone Desil and hair braider Gloria Cruzado of Sheelah’s Mobile Braiding.
“I think the songs I’m singing today are really empowering for me personally — really, just promoting change,” said Fitzpatrick.
The songs ranged in genre and included Michael Jackson’s "Man in the Mirror," Sam Cooke’s "A Change is Gonna Come," Beyoncé’s "Listen," Louis Armstrong’s "What a Wonderful World" and a Disney song.
The Disney song, "Almost There," was from the film "The Princess and the Frog," and it held personal meaning and nostalgia for Fitzpatrick, who has found the message to be one of empowerment.
Naomi Fitzpatrick performs a song with personal meaning called Almost There, among other selections, at the BIPOC CommUNITY event in Manchester.
“(The main character, Tiana,) was kind of a hero for me when I was young because she was the first Black princess,” said Fitzpatrick, explaining how the plot centered around having an independent spirit, the achievement of goals, overcoming obstacles, creating community and not allowing societal biases to get in the way of your growth and integrity.
“These are really emotional songs, and I’m hoping to really touch the audience — and hope to express my anger, my sadness, and my push for change with this movement,” said Fitzpatrick. “I want this to be a world of equity, where people are aware of the history and they’re willing to see each other as human beings. And, that’s really what I want. I want equity, not equality.”
Abi Fitzpatrick enjoys a spoonful of rice and beans from Everton Brownie's Jamaican Cuisine Food Truck, the service that catered the BIPOC CommUNITY event at the Manchester Community Library.
Guests and attendees enjoy the authentic Jamaican cuisine catered by Everton Brownie at the BIPOC CommUNITY event in Manchester.
Everton Brownie, who runs the Jamaican Cuisine Food Truck that is typically by the river behind Manchester Woodworks on Depot Street, has catered the event three times with his authentic jerk chicken, rice and beans, steamed veggies and fried plantains.
“The mission is change, like serious change,” said Brownie, who added that he wants the message to be, “Out of many, one people. That’s my message to everybody — all of Manchester, all of Vermont, all of United States, everywhere.”
Brownie, who came to Vermont 18 years ago, acknowledges that over time, he has seen change.
“When we just came here, I was at the car wash washing my car and they called the cops on me because I was driving a nice car — I’m not kidding,” said Brownie, shaking his head and adding that he inquired about the reason for the police confronting him — one from behind and one from in front — and was told that a call had been received stating that he was “acting suspicious and they didn’t know if the car belonged to someone else.” After presenting his identification and registration, the situation was diffused.
Other experiences shared by Brownie from his early days in the area were deeply affecting. Perusing the local shops, for example, was difficult.
“Like, when you walk into a store and see people with their handbags over their shoulder behind them — and when you walk in the door, they put the handbags in front of them. You know what I mean? And, when you walk into a store where everybody is chatting, not walking around and, when you walk in, everybody start to walk behind you — follow you and watch you — and ask if they can help. And, I say, 'No. I'm just looking.'”
These types of lived experiences — often referred to as microaggressions, a term coined in 1969 by Dr. Chester Pierce, national chair of the Child Development Associate Consortium — may seem subtle, but they have deep and pervasive societal impacts, consequences and ramifications. The byproduct of living in an environment such as this, however intended or unintended, has been documented as being especially damaging to adolescents, who often experience heightened feelings of depression and self-doubt, isolation and loneliness, and frustration and anger that can have devastating impacts to their growth and development.
“When I came here, it was all that. And then, over time, it changes. It takes time to change,” acknowledged Brownie, who expressed a desire to be a part of what the event was trying to achieve.
Caralee Kennedy and Jennifer Bowen co-coordinated the BIPOC Community event, and both were brought to face the issue because they each have children of color.
Attendees of the BIPOC CommUNITY event, held at the Manchester Community Library, chatted and mingled and socialized before meeting for a discussion.
“We have been doing these CommUNITY potluck events since January, and it’s basically just a social event to bring the BIPOC community together,” said Kennedy. “We have lived in this community for our whole lives, basically, and there are definitely racial biases that happen in this community.
Kennedy noted that although there are racial biases across the country, she feels that rural communities often have greater struggles to overcome, as they lack the basic infrastructure to deal with creating an equitable environment. One example that she provided was as simple as not having access to a qualified barber or hairdresser who understands the complexities of working with textured hair. Another was the lack of businesses owned and operated by people of color.
At the forefront of the issue was the lack of representation.
“It is especially in the schools where Jenn(ifer Bowen) and I noticed it the most, because we both have children of color in schools in the BRSD, and, there’s still a lot of racism which happens when you lack representation,” Kennedy added. “Policies really aren’t in place to keep kids safe from that. It’s kind of a tough topic. It makes people uncomfortable. And, separating that from other issues of equity is a really hard play.”
Jennifer Bowen, one of the BIPOC CommUNITY event organizers, with her children Harper (left) and Torian (right).
When providing examples, Bowen brought up a time when her young son had “been hit by his first-grade teacher, and had to leave the school, and then had to leave the next school due to being beaten up regularly.” Bowen recounted how the schools could not seem to implement a safety plan that kept her child safe.
Incidents similar to that are still occurring and are not a thing of the past, Bowen said.
“My house has been spray painted with the n-word,” said Bowen. “My son attended a basketball camp two weeks ago where one of the white coaches not only called him the n-word, but riled kids together with that herd mentality to make fun of his name, make fun of his hair.”
Bowen said that her 12-year-old son simply gave up.
“These issues are all over the place,” said Bowen, “but they happen, in my experience, a lot with children because they are the most defenseless.”
A 2020 study for the National Library of Medicine published in BMC Psychology titled "A qualitative study of microaggressions against African Americans on predominantly White campuses" by Williams, et al., confirms the troubling prevalence of systemic racism against young people of color on campuses throughout the United States.
“Microaggressions are damaging to young people and adults alike, and the context of students of color in academic settings is particularly salient,” read the study. “School campuses in the United States have long been recognized as sites that magnify racial tensions present in the broader society, and young people may be exposed to racially focused situations and conversations more frequently at school than at home.”
While the Williams, et al., study focused largely on the young adult population, data from the American Psychological Association regarding inequity in schools illustrated the systemic nature of the issue and how it relates to children and adolescents in stark terms.
Alix Fitzpatrick and her daughter, Naomi (left), chat with Dina Janis (right) who teaches drama at Bennington College. All live in Dorset, but had not met before the BIPOC CommUNITY event.
Kennedy, who has worked in the BRSC for 20 years teaching grades K through eight, expressed concern for the “racial biases with the children of color who go through the system,” and described an incident that really brought the issue home in a way that most don’t recognize.
“One thing that really marked me was a few years ago,” recalled Kennedy, detailing a time when she had asked for reflective feedback on a film about identity. “This one girl said, ‘I know I’m smart – and I can do anything anyone can – even though I’m Black.’ And, that disclaimer right there explained the whole problem to me.”
Kennedy also gave instances where children of color complained of their skin tone, wishing to be "white" and citing that no one would play with them, as well as instances where societal biases and stereotypes made kids feel inferior and inadequate in other ways.
Kennedy, driven by the concern and love for her son and her students, became more aware of what was occurring under the radar — largely unrecognized and unaddressed by traditional authority figures — to children of color. She began to speak out, call attention to microaggressions, and provide examples to her colleagues and community members so they could identify them for themselves.
“Being a tiny bit afraid, but not caring — I had to do what I had to do,” she said, of her efforts to relieve those who experience microaggressions or other forms of racism from the onus of having to prove the validity of their perceived experiences. “And, I knew that eventually, more people would get there.”
The BIPOC CommUNITY group meets monthly at the Manchester Community Library and aims to come together to create a community of support, to share information and experiences, to educate allies of the BIPOC community, and to work together to create a community of greater equity. All are welcome.

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Get the latest headlines every morning in TheBeat!
We'll send breaking news and news alerts to you as they happen!
Tariffs are expected to hit the ski industry in different ways.  
Selling quality product but in a context of education and face-to-face discussion is a corne…
Finding that special treat for a canine friend is both about taste but also about health and…
BENNINGTON – After working with children for many years, Venece Babson wanted to open her ow…
Connecting people with the outdoors can be a calling but also a path. Camille Kauffman, Dire…
Hobson’s Choice was never a chain, and more than five years had passed when the first store …
Legacy can be the fuel of legends. But no company makes it to 100 years without hard work, t…
Bill Deveneau is a man of humble perspective but yet understands the context of human behavi…
Being a counselor to children in crisis requires both a steady hand and a warm heart. For Be…
JACKSONVILLE — About a hundred paces past the entrance to the North River Bakery, where stat…
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.