By 

	Emily Zemler


Gwyneth Goes Skiing, an immersive stage musical inspired by Gwyneth Paltrow‘s legal battle with optician Terry Sanderson, is headed to the U.S. 

	The musical initially debuted in London with two sold-out runs. Producers Awkward Productions are now planning to bring it to Park City, Utah in January of 2025 followed by stops at Soho Playhouse in New York City and the Elysian in Los Angeles later that month. 

Gwyneth Goes Skiing tells the story of Paltrow’s legal battle with Sanderson, who sued her after she collided with him on the ski slopes. The case went to trial last year, with Sanderson suing Paltrow for $3.1 million and alleging she was at fault for a concussion, broken ribs, and a traumatic brain injury. He later reduced the amount he was seeking to $300,000. Paltrow, who claimed Sanderson was at fault — and even screamed at him in court, “You skied directly into my effing back” — countersued for one dollar plus attorney fees. She infamously testified that she “lost half a ski day” because of the crash and the jury ultimately declared the trial in her favor. 

	










	The musical was written by Linus Karp and Joseph Martin, and features original music by Leland and vocals by Daren Criss and Cat Cohen. It includes a video appearance from Trixie Mattel as Paltrow’s mother Blythe Danner.

	Karp and Martin are also planning to bring their production Diana: The Untold and Untrue Story, which sees Princess Diana speaking her truth from heaven, on tour to Canada, Asia, Australia, New Zealand, and Europe. Karp will play Paltrow and Princess Diana while Martin is playing Sanderson, as well as King Charles and Queen Camilla.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	








	“Our plans for world domination and queering the globe are finally coming true,” said Karp and Martin said in a statement. “Such a slay house down boots mama moment. A wise woman (Beyoncé) once asked: ‘Who run the world?’, and now we know that the answer to that question is AwkwardProds.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.