By MAIYA FOCHT FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:14, 4 May 2024   |  Updated:  18:14, 4 May 2024   
 29
View  comments
Everyone from Beyoncé to Cardi B to Bella Thorne has been talking about the adult content site OnlyFans. 
The latter two actually setting up their own pages on the platform to earn a little extra income. 
The site, in which creators invite users to subscribe to pages featuring their sexually explicit content, has exploded in the past few years. 
The number of OnlyFans creators worldwide has increased ten fold from 2019 to 2022 - from only 348,000 creators to 3,182,000. 
Much of the content is home-grown: 67 percent of the $1.9 billion net revenue generated on the platform in 2022 came from US content creators, Variety reported. 
Sometimes, the content is merely suggestive, other times, it's fully pornographic. But it's surprisingly lucrative, with some creators, like former teacher Allie Dawson,  bringing in about $50,000 monthly from her OnlyFans account. 
Now, a new survey has revealed the parts of America with the highest number of OnlyFans creators topping up their incomes with the help of the platform.
The BedBible survey used Only search to determine the number of creators per state. 
Ranking at number one was Connecticut, which Stacey Diane Arañez Litam, an assistant Professor at Cleveland State University and Forbes Health Advisor told the DailyMail.com that it 'was really surprising' to see. WHY 
It was followed closely by Nevada, Hawaii and North Dakota. 
This difference between states might be a reflection of the different needs for supplemental income based on location, Professor Litam, who has previously studied the demographics of OnlyFans users, said. 
The relative income in each state could be lower than the cost of living, for instance.
'A lot of folks are struggling now more financially than in past years, so I think people are getting creative in way in supplementing income,' she said. 
The state by state survey was conducted by Bedbible, a sex toy and sexual wellness company, using a search engine called OnlySearch, which allows you to search for OnlyFans creators by using key-words. 
 DailyMail.com asked OpenAI's ChatGPT and the AI image-maker Midjourney to generate stereotypes for Americans, state by state, across the US states. While some results were cheery, others might be insults, and a few were just downright bizarre... READ MORE 
Using this search function, BedBible divided the number of creators per 100,000 people in each state.
 Connecticut had the highest amount, with 24,64 accounts.
On the opposite end of the spectrum, there were only 49 creators who listed themselves in New York.
The survey also reported the average monthly income of OF creators in each state. South Carolina had the highest average, with users bringing in about $1,460 monthly from their profiles. Other states, like West Virginia, only bring in about $40 per month.
This might seem shockingly low if you've heard of success stories, like Ms Dawson, whose based in Florida. But others in her state bring in on average $340, according to the BedBible survey.
A key limitation of this method is that it only catches people who publicly list what their location is, Elissa Redmiles an  Assistant Professor of computer science at Georgetown University shared with DailyMail.com.
Professor Redmiles has previously conducted interviews and studies examining OnlyFans creator's motivations for joining the platform. 
She said that oftentimes, creators might not list their location because of safety concerns. 
Other times, creators might say they live in a particular state that they don't actually reside in, in order to craft a fantasy persona that they believe best caters to their audience's desires, Professor Redmiles said. 
All told, this means 'it's likely that all these numbers are underreported', Professor Litam said. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.



      How Harry's disastrous interview was crafted in the shadows as sources reveal what stunned producers
    

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group