e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
The Disneyland resort will have two large theatrical venues to fill just after the new year as “Tale of the Lion King” closes at the Fantasyland Theatre while the Hyperion Theater continues to sit unused after a limited run of “Rogers: The Musical.”
“Tale of the Lion King” will end its run at the Fantasyland Theatre at Disneyland with final performances on Sunday, Jan. 7. “Rogers: The Musical” ended its limited run in the Hyperion Theater at Disney California Adventure on Aug. 31.
Disney teased a possible return of “Rogers” to the Hyperion at the end of the summertime run. The two-day “Celebrate Gospel” music festival will briefly fill the Fantasyland Theatre in February.
But other than that, Disneyland has been quiet about any plans for either theater.
No casting calls for either venue have been posted on the Disney Auditions website — a prerequisite for any new show.
What’s next for the 1,800-seat Fantasyland Theatre and 2,000-seat Hyperion Theater?
Let’s take a prognosticator’s look at the possibilities and handicap the contenders.
Obviously, the easiest solution would be to bring back “Rogers” and/or “Tale of the Lion King” in either location.
Both shows were light on sets and costumes that characterized the Broadway-caliber productions that have graced both stages through the years.
ALSO SEE: Look inside Zootopia land pitched for Disneyland expansion
Disney Live Entertainment could boost the production values of “Tale of the Lion King” by borrowing some ideas from the wildly popular “Festival of the Lion King” at Disney’s Animal Kingdom or adding puppeted animals like the Broadway version of “Lion King.”
“Rogers: The Musical” would probably be a better fit for the Fantasyland Theatre — but it makes more sense at the Hyperion with its close proximity to Avengers Campus. The Marvel characters have largely been confined to Disney California Adventure since Disney acquired the franchise.
Another option would be to bring back “Mickey and the Magical Map” or any other show that has played the theaters in recent years.
The Fantasyland Theatre was home to live shows based on “Beauty and the Beast,” “Pocahontas” and “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs” in the 1990s and early 2000’s. “Aladdin” played the Hyperion for more than a decade followed by a nearly four-year run of “Frozen.”
ALSO SEE: 5 fireworks shows coming to Disneyland in 2024
Disney has a fairly deep bench to choose from when it comes to potential live shows for the Hyperion and Fantasyland theaters.
“Mary Poppins,” “Little Mermaid,” “Tarzan” and “Newsies” have all been turned into Disney Broadway musicals.
The easiest path for Disneyland would be to bring a Broadway-style musical from another Disney theme park to Anaheim. The top contender: “Finding Nemo” from Disney’s Animal Kingdom. The 40-minute live puppet show has been wowing Florida audiences for more than a decade.
Another route would be to bring a Disney musical up from the minor leagues. The Disney Cruise Line have had a number of Broadway-style shows based on “Hercules,” “Tangled” and “Cinderella” that are primed and ready to step up to the next level at a Disney theme park.
ALSO SEE: Disneyland Ambassadors pass title to next theme park spokespeople
The best bet from the Disney Cruise lineup: “Toy Story.” Disney announced that a musical based on “Toy Story” would replace “Aladdin” in DCA’s Hyperion Theater before pulling the plug on the plan. If there’s one thing Disney is known for, it’s recycling earlier ideas that never came to fruition.
Another Marvel superhero stage show would be a perfect fit for the Hyperion Theater with Avengers Campus next door.
A Disney theme park version of “Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark” would be an intriguing idea for the Hyperion. Disney and Marvel kept a respectful distance from the expensive and star-crossed Broadway production.
The “Marvel Universe Live” touring arena show would be another interesting concept for the Hyperion — albeit a non-Broadway show that focuses on live-action stunts.
The most-likely superhero contender for a Hyperion residency would be a fledgling show from the Marvel Spotlight theatrical program. The Marvel-based plays — starring Thor, Loki, Ms. Marvel and the lesser-known superhero Squirrel Girl — are aimed at high school drama programs. It’s not difficult to imagine Marvel having a broader interest in Broadway — and Disney theme parks serving as a bridge to those ambitions.
Finally, Disneyland could surprise us and do something completely new in the Hyperion or Fantasyland theaters — based on an existing Disney, Pixar or 20th Century Fox property.
Disney+ is a treasure trove of untapped franchises that are crying out to be turned into a Broadway-style musical. There’s Pixar’s “Coco” and “Ratatouille,” Disney Channel’s “High School Musical” and Beyoncé’s “Black is King.” Plus the Disney+ vault is chock full of possibilities with Broadway pedigree: “Annie,” “Sound of Music,” “Into the Woods,” “Sister Act” and “Mrs. Doubtfire.”
But the biggest wildcard that has appeared on the Disney+ streaming service: “Hamilton.” Imagine the lines to get into the Hyperion for that one.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group