If you've ever wandered into the mystical universe of astrology, you may be already familiar with your rising sign. Similarly to your zodiac sign, which captures your outward personality, your rising sign is a huge part of why you are the way you are. Rising signs often relate to your overall personality or essence, and it's an important part of your birth chart. (Your birth chart is made up of your sun sign, moon sign, and rising sign, among many different planets, and every placement in your birth chart influences your character in a unique way.)

Because every individual has their own rising sign, however, it's important to have a general understanding of the zodiac rising sign meanings. Not only will this knowledge help you better understand yourself, but it can help you understand your partner, a friend, a family member, or even a friend. So, what does your rising sign mean exactly? Astrology experts explain its meaning and how to find your rising sign generally.

Tara Bennet is a professional astrologer for Mediumchat, a spiritual platform where you can connect with psychics, mediums, card readers, and more.

Tali Edut is an astrologer for AstroStyle. She has been studying astrology for over 20 years, and her intuition is so highly revered that she's been interviewed on talk shows like "Good Morning America" and has done readings for celebrities like Beyoncé, Stevie Wonder, and Sting.

Abigail Nora Brennan is an astrologer who began studying astrology nearly a decade ago.

Your rising sign, also known as ascendant, is the zodiac sign that was rising (or ascending) on the eastern horizon at the moment you were born. The ascendant changes about every two hours, so depending on what time you were born, you'll have a different rising sign from someone else who was born on the same day.

It's been said in the astrology community that your ascendant is like the social "mask" you wear around others, but there's much more to it. As part of your "big three," your rising sign is a huge influence on your personality. "It's also a cosmic compass that directs your attention," astrologer Tali Edut tells PS. "What attracts and excites you spontaneously, when you're not even thinking about it, shows up in the rising sign."

Because the ascendant sign changes every few hours, you first need to know your birth time to calculate your rising sign. Once you have that info, AstroStyle offers a free tool on its website you can use to create a free birth chart. Using that information, you can find your rising sign. If you don't want to create a whole birth chart, you can use a simple rising sign calculator like the one on Cafe Astrology.

"If you don't know your birth time, you can order a birth certificate from the Department of Vital Records in the US and hope that the doctors and nurses recorded it," Edut explains to PS. "Or you can have an astrologer create a rectified chart where they walk you through a series of questions to intuitively determine the time you were born." While she doesn't do rectified charts herself, Edut highly recommends astrologer Suzanne Gerber.

Once you know your rising sign, it can be helpful to know the rising sign meaning. Overall, "it's true that your rising is often how you present yourself to others, but it goes deeper than that," explains astrologer Abigail Nora Brennan. "I like to think of the rising sign as the window through which the rest of your chart can be interpreted. It informs both how others perceive you and how you perceive the world."

In other words, the ascendant is sort of like a mask, but it's also the lens you wear to see the world and how others see you in return. "Often, if people don't identify with the characteristics of their sun sign, the rising sign can be a good place to look," Brennan says. To better understand what every rising sign means, it's helpful to see them broken up by zodiac sign. 

To  better explain what every rising sign means, whether for yourself or someone else, here are some of the main characteristics to know, according to astrologer Tara Bennet. 

"These rams are charismatic to the core," Bennet says. "They're brimming with energy and enthusiasm." 

If you're familiar with the saying "cool as a cucumber," that's a good way to describe someone who has Taurus as their rising. "They ooze calmness and stability," Bennet says. 

The funniest person in the room is typically a Gemini rising. "They're quick witted communicators who love to socialize," Bennet says. 

The best thing about people who have Cancer as their rising sign: they're super charming. "They're warm and welcoming, but have clear set boundaries," Bennet says. "Much like the sun sign, they're empathic and loyal."

You'll never forget a Leo rising, nor will a Leo rising ever want you to forget them. "Exuding confidence, power, and intelligence, they're magnets for attention," Bennet says. 

A Virgo rising can be aloof and guarded. "They can make situations and people feel awkward, finding it hard to hide their judgmental side," Bennet adds. 

"Libra rising is the definition of grace and charm," Bennet says. They're typically loved by most, and are known to enhance their friends and family's life. 

Although a Scorpio rising may seem guarded and cold at first, "they have a hard exterior but are all soft and marshmallow-y underneath," Bennet says. 

"These archers are up for anything," says Bennet. Filled with optimism, they always have a cup half full — never half empty. 

Cool, calm, and collected Capricorn rising approach every situation in life as if it's an interview. Although Capricorn rising are eager to succeed, they "never set the pace or swerve away from the norm," Bennet says. 

Bennet describes someone with an Aquarius rising as an "oddball who sees everything from a different angle." She adds that they are loyal and very protectant of their inner circle. 

"Pisces rising is all about love, peace, and spirituality," Bennet says. They view the world through rose-colored glasses. 

— Additional reporting by Taylor Andrews
Brittany Beringer-Tobing is a freelance writer, mystic, and creator and a full-time Aquarius based in San Diego. She's contributed to POPSUGAR, Bustle, Well+Good, Frenshe, Thought Catalog, and more. She was an astrology writer at Bustle, where she covered all things mystical — from lunar forecasts and numerology to manifestation rituals and retrograde dos and don'ts. Brittany's work lives in the lifestyle space and includes topics like astrology, wellness, sex, dating, and the intersections between them.
Taylor Andrews is a PS Balance editor who specializes in topics relating to sex, relationships, dating, sexual health, mental health, and more. In her six years working in editorial, she's written about how semen is digested, why sex aftercare is the move, and how the overturn of Roe killed situationships.