By KIRSTEN MURRAY FOR MAILONLINE and MILLY VEITCH FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:07, 5 June 2024   |  Updated:  13:26, 5 June 2024   
 1
View  comments
Simon Cowell proudly showed his partner Lauren Silverman his new poster as they stepped out at Heart Radio on Tuesday. 
The pair were seen looking up at the star's blown up face as he donned a pair of shades and pointed at passers by while the poster read: 'Simon needs you'. 
The Britain's Got Talen judge, 64, was seen putting up a giant billboard of his own face on Tuesday in a bid to drum up publicity for his new show, after bookies predicted Britain's Got Talent risks facing the axe.
While Simon opted for his usual plain navy T-shirt and trousers, Lauren cut a stylish display in a cropped shirt. 
The socialite, 46, flashed a hint of her toned abs as in the shirt which she paired with some designer Loewe baggy black trousers. 
Simon Cowell showed partner Lauren Silverman his new poster outside Heart Studios on Tuesday after drumming up publicity for new show to launch hunt for the next boyband
The pair were seen looking up at the star's blown up face as he donned a pair of shades and pointed at passers by as the poster read: 'Simon needs you'
Carrying a khaki padded jacket, Lauren completed the look with some stylish shades and a cross body brown leather bag. 
The music mogul surprised passers-by in London on Tuesday as he erected the mammoth poster to launch his nationwide hunt for the next big boyband.
Simon decided his star presence was needed to plug his next project after Britain's Got Talent received the worst ratings in its 17-year history on Sunday night - despite the head judge claiming it was the best final he has seen in a long time.
Dressed in dungarees, the head judge, who famously helped form One Direction - made up of Harry Styles, Louis Tomlinson, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne and Niall Horan - on The X Factor in 2010, got to work with a bucket and brush in hand. 
He left Londoners shocked as he proceeded to smooth out a giant poster of his own face alongside the words 'Simon needs you. Future megastars wanted for new boyband. No time wasters.'
And the slogan is true now more than ever after bookies claimed Britain's Got Talent is at risk of being axed after viewing figures plummeted.
Only 5.2million viewers tuned in to watch the nail-biting final, which saw Sydnie Christmas crowned the 2024 winner.
This years' series is now the least watched series having declined since the 2009 peak, which saw 16.3million viewers turn their TV's on to watch Diversity win the final over Susan Boyle.
Simon was straight back to work after the Britain's Got Talent final on Sunday 
While Simon opted for his usual plain navy T-shirt and trousers, Lauren cut a stylish display in a cropped shirt
The socialite, 46, flashed a hint of her toned abs as in the shirt which she paired with some designer Loewe baggy black trousers
Carrying a khaki padded jacket, Lauren completed the look with some stylish shades and a cross body brown leather bag
Simon looked in good spirits as he headed to look at the finished work 
He was joined by a film crew and other members of his team
The pair both opted for white trainers and stylish shades to complete their outfits 
The music mogul surprised passersby in London on Tuesday as he erected the mammoth poster to launch his nationwide hunt for the next big boyband 
He was seen putting up a giant billboard of his own face in a bid to drum up publicity for his new show, after it was predicted Britain's Got Talent risks facing the axe 
According to Super TV, while ratings only dropped slightly compared to last year's 5.3million viewers, there is a clear decline in popularity for the long-running show.   
Despite the final's low viewing figures it still attracted ITV's biggest overnight audience of the year so far, outside of the FA Cup, with a 55 percent share for 16-34s.
Over on ITVX the series has been streamed more than 17 million times which is up by two million streams on last year.
While official figures proved the popularity for the UK show is diminishing, fans gave their say on whether they want the show to stay or go.
Taking to X, formerly known as Twitter, some fans wrote: 'I wouldn't be surprised if is axed soon. 
The star kempt his outfit simple as usual 
The group gathered outside as they took photos of the marketing endeavour 
They later headed back inside at global studios 
Simon decided his star presence was needed to plug his next project after Britain's Got Talent received the worst ratings in its 17-year history for the final which saw Sydnie Christmas win
Bookies' have also claimed the show is at risk of being axed after viewing figures plummeted (judges Simon, Amanda Holden, Alesha Dixon and Bruno Tonioli pictured)
Simon's new mission to discover the next big boyband will not follow the televised talent show format that Simon is known for. Pictured One Direction, his biggest success (pictured on show L-R Louis, Zayn, Simon, Niall, Harry and Liam)
And now Simon is looking to find a brand new British band that can equal their incredible success, commencing auditions across the UK next month
While official figures proved the popularity for the UK show is diminishing, fans gave their say on whether they want the show to stay or go
'The amount of controversy this year, add the fact that it got tired and predictable years ago. Just means the show's had its day and it is time to retire this format of pointless entertainment'.
'It's about time #BGT was axed'.
'So professional singer wins a talent show, definitely stinks of fixing votes, time for the show to be AXED, when it's always the so called none professionals that win'.
According to the latest odds from Ladbrokes the latest series could be its last with viewing figures on the decline, the bookies now make it just a 6/1 shot that the showed is axed next year.
Alex Apati of Ladbrokes said: 'Viewing figures only seem to be heading in one direction, and the odds suggest the most recent series could well have been the last.'
Simon's new mission to discover the next big boyband will not follow the televised talent show format that Simon is known for, like Pop Idol, The X Factor or Britain's Got Talent.
With no TV spectacles or public votes, the search will focus on unearthing talent and finding the next big stars.
Simon's biggest success is One Direction who he signed to his record label, Syco Records after their stint on The X Factor. 
From there, they skyrocketed to global stardom, becoming one of the best-selling boybands of all time.
Speaking about the hunt, Simon said: 'Every generation deserves a megastar boyband and I don't think there has been one to have the success of One Direction in over 14 years. 
'The industry tends to focus on solo artists - so it usually takes someone from outside to put a group together.
'Nothing beats the fun of being in a group, touring the world and performing for thousands – and it's also a brilliant launchpad for a solo career. 
'When you have a great group, it's like lightning in a bottle but there's no magic formula and a fair bit of luck involved!'
Simon left Londoners shocked as he rocked up in a pair of black dungarees, armed with a bucket and a brush
The star proceeded to scale ladder and begin pasting a poster of his own face to the wall, as stunned fans looked on
The poster saw Simon beaming for the camera in his signature aviator sunglasses, emblazoned with the message: 'Simon needs you! Future megastars wanted for new boyband. No time wasters'
The record executive admits that there's no guarantee that lightening will strike twice, acknowledging there is a big chance he won't be able to recapture the magic of One Direction.
He said: 'There's always a high degree of risk and I genuinely have no idea what's going to happen! 
'We might uncover an incredible group; we might not get there. What if no one shows up to auditions? That could be awkward. 
'There is no guaranteed path to success – anything can happen, but that's what's exciting for me and that's why I'm doing this.'
Simon pointed at the long-standing pattern of boyband members achieving huge success after going solo, stressing how important groups were as launch pads for huge solo artists, like Beyoncé, Justin Timberlake, Diana Ross and Michael Jackson. 
He said: 'A huge number of solo artists began their journey in a group and have achieved great success, including Beyoncé, Sir Paul McCartney, Robbie Williams, and our very own One Direction boy. 
'Even artists who came from High School Musical were effectively launched from groups.'
His new mission to discover the next big boyband will not follow the televised talent show format that Simon is known for, like Pop Idol, The X Factor or Britain's Got Talent
With no TV spectacles or public votes, the search will focus on unearthing talent and finding the next big stars
The record executive admits that there's no guarantee that lightening will strike twice, acknowledging there is a big chance he won't be able to recapture the magic of One Direction (pictured in 2014)
Simon is seeking talented males aged 16-18 who possess the passion, charisma, and star quality to form the next boyband sensation.
Auditions are scheduled in cities across the UK, kicking off in Newcastle on July 4 and July 5, followed by Liverpool on July 7 and July 8, Dublin on July 28 and July 29 and London from August 1 to August 3.
While the search is deviating from the televised talent show format, it is being documented by Box To Box for a potential documentary series.
Aspiring participants can sign up for the auditions from now until July 31 at: simonneedsyou.com
Simon is seeking talented males aged 16-18 who possess the passion, charisma, and star quality to form the next boyband sensation 
Auditions are scheduled in cities across the UK, kicking off in Newcastle on July 4 and July 5, followed by Liverpool on July 7 and July 8, Dublin on July 28 and July 29 and London from August 1 to August 3 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group