Kanye and Ty Dolla $ign will be on stage at Rolling Loud: California next month. The festival is celebrating its 10-year anniversary with headliners Nicki Minaj, Post Malone, Future X Metro Boomin, and now Ye and Ty. The Chicago rapper broke the news on his Instagram before the festival got the word out.
The duo has been added above Nicki's name on the flyer, but Rolling Loud ensured that the Pink Friday 2 rapper is still headlining Friday (March 15).
Ye and Ty will start off the festival on Thursday, adding an additional day to the festival. There have not been any other acts announced at this time to join the duo. "VULTURES HEADLINING NEW THURSDAY NIGHT
@kanyewest @tydollasign. All three-day pass holders will be automatically upgraded to a 4-day pass. All single-day purchasers will receive an email tomorrow with a special link to upgrade to a 4-day pass! New purchasers must purchase 3 day pass to receive access to Thursday night," the festival wrote on X (formerly known as Twitter).
Following Nicki will be Post Malone on Saturday, and Future and Metro Boomin as a duo to close out the festival on Sunday. Ty Dolla $ign was previously booked for a set on Saturday.
In addition to the headliners, fans will also get to experience sets from Summer Walker, Big Sean, Chief Keef, Bryson Tiller, Don Toliver, and more.
Kanye and Ty Dolla $ign released the first volume of Vultures on Friday (Feb. 9). It featured guest appearances from Lil Durk, Bump J, Freddie Gibbs, Travis Scott, Quavo, Platboi Carti and West's daughter, North.
His appearance at Rolling Loud after his recent claims of being blacklisted amid attempting to plan for a Vultures tour.
"We just sold out the United Center in seven minutes and I just wanted to express to everybody out there to see if anybody can help with this," West says in the video referencing his Vultures listening party in his home city of Chicago. "It’s the only arena I had access to in the past year. And when I call, people say there’s no availables for me and you know why that is. If there’s anybody out there that can help with this, please do."
This will be Kanye's first festival headline announcement before pulling out of Coachella in 2022 days before.
Hip-Hop is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year. While the genre is one of the youngest, its impact has been massive. The genre originated in the early '70s in New York in African-American communities in the Bronx. Hip-hop starts with the music: rapping, DJing, and freestyling. But those elements led to others, including breakdancing and graffiti art.
Hip-hop has been in the mainstream in ways that its founders never would have dreamed.
"When we started on this journey decades ago, we were often told, 'No.' No, you won't be able to leave New Jersey. No, if you rap, you can't sing. No, singers can't become actresses. No, actors can't also produce," Queen Latifah said to Entertainment Weekly in a statement as she is set to become the first female rap artist to be celebrated at the Kennedy Center Honors.
"To now be recognized amongst so many multi-hyphenates feels unbelievable, not for just me and my team, but for our community. I'm beyond grateful for this recognition."
Throughout this year, hip-hop has been celebrated in performances by some of the greats. At the 2023 BET Awards, there were performances by MC Lyte, Big Daddy Kane, The Sugarhill Gang, D-Nice, Warren G, Yo-Yo, Trick Daddy, Trina, Uncle Luke, Redman, Erick Sermon, and Keith Murray -- also known as "Def Squad," and more highlighted rap on Culture's Biggest Night.
Earlier this year, Questlove curated a hip-hop tribute at the 2023 Grammy Awards where Missy Elliott, Run DMC, Salt n Pepa, Public Enemy, Grandmaster Flash, Ice-T, Queen Latifah, Busta Rhymes with Spliff Star, Nelly, GloRilla, Lil Baby, and more took to the stage. That led to a summer tour featuring the Roots and LL Cool J where they were joined by different hip-hop legends at each stop on the tour.
If you have been a fan since the beginning or you've just begun listening, you'll learn more from these projects. Take a look at five documentaries on these hip-hop artists:
Biggie and Tupac is a full-length documentary on the lives and tragedies of the hip-hop icons, both of whom were taken from us far too soon. Besides footage of Biggie and Tupac, you will also see appearances from Snoop Dogg, Lil Cease, and more. You can stream Biggie and Tupac  on Amazon Prime Video.
Jay-Z is one of the best rappers ever. The New York native's 2004 documentary Fade to Black shows fans how he got started. At the center of this film is Jay-Z's sold-out Madison Square Garden concert in 2003... which, at the time, were supposed to be his final shows. There are appearances from his wife Beyoncé, Pharrell Williams, Kanye West and more. It took about 15 years for this documentary to be available to stream and it is worth the wait. You can stream Fade To Black on Tidal or Amazon Prime.
Jeen-yuhs: A Kanye Trilogy takes us back to where it all began for Kanye West: the Southside of Chicago. Kanye West's artistry has impacted hip-hop like no other, as his diverse skills in producing and designing put him in a league of his own. You can stream Jeen-yuhs: A Kanye Trilogy on Netflix.
Nas: Time Is Illmatic  takes a deep dive into Nas' iconic debut album Illmatic. In the New York native's documentary you will also hear accounts from Alicia Keys, Q-Tip, Busta Rhymes and Pharrell. You can stream Nas: Time Is Illmatic  on Peacock.
https://www.fuse.tv/v/eminem-count-me-in/b068fe5935e445f144177ad06023ac7b

Eminem has had quite a career in hip-hop and this documentary takes a look at many of his accolades. In 2022 he performed at the Super Bowl alongside Dr. Dre, Kendrick Lamar, Snoop Dogg, Mary J. Blige, and 50 Cent. He was also inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame last year for his contributions to hip-hop. You can stream Eminem: Count Me In on Amazon Prime Video.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!