V’s New Music Friday picks for the final week of August 
V’s New Music Friday picks for the final week of August 
As we head into Labor Day Weekend and prepare to enter the new month of September, saying goodbye to summer can be bittersweet – but fear not, the incredible music releases from some of our favorite artists aren’t slowing down! Noah Kahan’s heartfelt live album marks the end of his sold-out tour, while Doechii’s new project signifies a new era. Halle, Allie X, Indi Star, and more are releasing respective new singles to add to your end of summer playlist!
To celebrate the culmination of Noah Kahan’s sold-out, critically-acclaimed “We’ll All Be Here Forever Tour,” The Grammy-nominee released a brand-new live album, Live From Fenway Park, recorded last month at his back-to-back sold-out shows at the iconic Boston venue. The album even features a new unreleased song, “Pain Is Cold Water,” along with a live duet performance with Gracie Abrams on “Everywhere, Everything,” who made a surprise guest appearance at the first Fenway Park show. 
Hip-hop and rap star Doechii’s latest project Alligator Bites Never Heal perfectly captures her raw talent, jam-packed with 19 tracks, each one providing a distinct glimpse into her artistry. The rising star has had an incredible year, catapulting to stardom after opening for the likes of Beyoncé and Doja Cat and delivering an explosive performance on Coachella’s main stage. On Alligator Bites Never Heal, it’s evident that her success is just beginning.
Actress, singer, and one-half of musical duo Chloe X Halle Halle Bailey has more than made a name for herself on her own terms this past year, from her starring role as Ariel in The Little Mermaid to her solo musical debut shortly after. Now, she is back with her third original single. “Because I Love You” is a sultry departure from her first single “Angel” – and as the superstar continues to release new music, fans will undoubtedly see more sides to the multidimensional figure.
Pop guru Allie X is teaming up with acclaimed Honduran-American singer-songwriter and producer Empress Of on a re-imagined version of the track “Galina” from her fifth studio album Girl With No Face. The new version features a gorgeous blend of vocals from the duo, with Allie singing in a higher key than the original, and Empress Of harmonizing to perfection.
Rising pop artist, actress, and content creator Indi Star has already built a wide following across social media, but her entrance into the music scene has turned heads with her raw lyrics and artistic vision. Her new single “How To Break A Heart” acts as a relatable anthem for anyone who has avoided love out of fear of heartbreak. The track will be featured on her recently-announced upcoming album eMotion Sick, due on Sept. 27. 
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!