There won't be any voting for your favorite couple on Election Day.
Maureen Lee Lenker is a senior writer at Entertainment Weekly with over seven years of experience in the entertainment industry. An award-winning journalist, she's written for Turner Classic Movies, Ms. Magazine, The Hollywood Reporter, and more. She's worked at EW for six years covering film, TV, theater, music, and books. The author of EW's quarterly romance review column, "Hot Stuff," Maureen holds Master's degrees from both the University of Southern California and the University of Oxford. Her debut novel, It Happened One Fight, is now available. Follow her for all things related to classic Hollywood, musicals, the romance genre, and Bruce Springsteen.
 This Tuesday, Dancing With the Stars wants you to vote — just not for their contestants.

 The ballroom is dark on Nov. 5 as the ABC dance competition takes the night off to give precedence to Election Day and coverage of the 2024 presidential election. Hosts Julianne Hough and Alfonso Ribeiro announced the show's planned pause on last week's Halloween Nightmares episode.

 The election has now disrupted two episodes of season 33. Back in October, the show skipped a week as they were pre-empted by the Vice Presidential debate. They instead aired two episodes the following week — Soul Train night and Hair Metal night.

 There won't be a double dose of dancing this go-round, however. The disco ball will be spinning in the ballroom once again on Tuesday, Nov. 12, but there will only be one episode for the week. In fact, only three episodes remain before the season 33 Len Goodman Mirrorball champion is crowned, with the finale airing on Nov. 26.

 The Nov. 12 episode will mark a major milestone for DWTS. It's the 500th episode, celebrating nearly two decades on the air. In addition to appearances by past pros and what they're teasing as their "most difficult challenge" in the history of the show, the couples will have to perform a number inspired by some of the most iconic dances in DWTS history.

Disney/Christopher Willard
 The show is set to open with a dance number to Beyoncé's "Crazy in Love," an homage to the very first episode of DWTS, which opened with the same song. The number will be choreographed by pros (and spouses) Pasha Paskov and Daniella Karagach.

 The couples will also face off in an Instant Dance Challenge, in which they won't know the dance style or the song until around five minutes before they must perform live.

 Here are the dances and songs for the remaining couples on the show's 500th episode celebration:

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Dancing With the Stars airs Tuesdays at 8 p.m. ET/PT on ABC and Disney+.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)