Kris Jenner could offer Prince Harry and Meghan Markle some valuable reality TV advice, it has been claimed.
Just before the weekend, the Duke of Sussex was reportedly enjoying a skiing trip with Kris Jenner's boyfriend Corey Gamble. A source told the Daily Mail's Richard Eden: "Harry had been hitting the slopes with Gamble, as well as Bumble dating app billionaire Whitney Wolfe, 34, and her husband Michael Herd, whom she met on a previous skiing trip."
Meghan was not present on the slopes, according to reports. But this comes as the couple continues to rebuild their brand and revamp their image in 2024, with them building new Hollywood connections along the way.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Meghan Markle issued warning as she's slammed for 'hypocrisy' over new luxury brand
Speaking to The Mirror, public relations expert Lynn Carratt from Press Box PR has said that as an actress trying to make it in Hollywood, Meghan has always surrounded herself with celebrity pals, "many who were more famous than her like Serena Williams and Oprah".
She then noted how since her stardom elevated after marrying Harry, she became friends with Beyoncé. "Harry was born into Royalty, so hobnobbing with celebrities has always been part and parcel of his life," Lynn added, touching on how before her death, his mother, Princess Diana, was "the most famous woman in the world".
Touching on Harry's recent skiing trip, she said: "I was surprised to see Harry take to the slopes in Aspen with Corey Gamble, although he is a talent manager and maybe is thinking of signing up Meghan and Harry.
"But his partner Kris Jenner has had her sites set on signing up Harry and Meghan to appear on the Kardashian’s since 2020 and was rumoured to be snubbed at first. But, last autumn after Kris and Kim spent time with Doria, Meghan’s mum at a charity event, it was reported that talks were in the early stages."
She went on to add: "Kris believes even a cameo from them would be very lucrative for the show and help Harry and Meghan’s popularity in becoming more mainstream. The Kardashians are the royalty of reality TV and Kris has been the mastermind of that and she could certainly offer Meghan and Harry some valuable advice, if nothing else."
The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have dabbled with television in the past. Prince Harry and his wife sat down for a tell-all chat with Oprah in the spring of 2021, with them then releasing a Netflix docuseries in December 2022.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.