"Love was made for me and you." 💕
Valentine’s Day is right around the corner, so you know what that means: it’s time to start planning the perfect day for your partner, parent, or close friend. (Yes, your family and best friends still deserve all the love on V-Day, too!). While you can’t go wrong with a heart-shaped box of chocolates and a bouquet of roses, many people might prefer something a bit more sentimental.
But let’s be honest, words can be tricky, and you want to make sure your message comes across in the most authentic and heartfelt way possible. With that in mind, there’s nothing wrong with getting a bit of help to find the right words.
Now, you don’t want your card or Instagram caption to solely be someone else’s writing words. Instead, think of these Valentine’s Day quotes as an accessory you can use to beef up your personal, sentimental words from the heart. Not sure where to look? Women’s Health went ahead and garnered a list of the best Valentine’s Day quotes from influential figures, singers, movies, songs (Ed Sheeran, I’m looking at you), and more that you might want to use this season and beyond. Whether you’re looking for something super sappy and romantic or one that’s more lighthearted and playful, WH has you covered.
1. "If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you." —Winnie the Pooh
2. "In all the world, there is no love for you like mine." —Maya Angelou
3. "Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired." —Robert Frost
4. "You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not." —Jodi Picoult
5. "Take me to your heart, for it's there that I belong." —Elvis Presley
6. "I want all of you, forever, you and me, every day." —The Notebook
7. "When you're lucky enough to meet your one person, then life takes a turn for the best. It can't get better than that." —John Krasinski
8. "Take my hand, take my whole life, too. For I can't help falling in love with you." —Elvis Presley
9. "To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides." —David Viscott
10. "Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies." —Aristotle
11. "The best thing to hold onto in life is each other." —Audrey Hepburn
12. "You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back." —Barbara de Angelis
13. "The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart." —Helen Keller
14. "There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved." —George Sand
15. "It was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul." —Judy Garland
16. "We are most alive when we're in love." —John Updike
17. "Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone—we find it with another." —Thomas Merton
18. "We loved with a love that was more than love."  —Edgar Allan Poe
19. "There's no bad consequence to loving fully, with your whole heart. You always gain by giving love." —Reese Witherspoon
20. "For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home." —Stephanie Perkins
21. "I fell in love the way you fall asleep. Slowly, and then all at once." —John Green
22. "Love was made for me and you." —Nat King Cole
23. "You are, and always have been, my dream." —The Notebook
24. "All of me loves all of you." —John Legend
25. "I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people." —Vincent Van Gogh
26. "There is my heart, and then there is you, and I'm not sure there is a difference." —A.R. Asher
27. "I still haven't figured out how to sit across from you, and not be madly in love with everything you do." —William C. Hannan
28. "All that you are is all that I'll ever need." —Ed Sheeran
29. "When I look at you, I can feel it. I look at you and I'm home." —Finding Nemo
30. "Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself." —André Breton
31. "Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you." —Loretta Young
32. "Love grows more tremendously full, swift, poignant as the years multiply." —Zane Grey
33. "Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning." —Paulo Coelho
34. "One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love." —Sophocles
35. "Love is like the wind. You can't see it, but you can feel it." —Nicholas Sparks
36. "If you work through the tough times, the respect and love that you feel deepens." —Barack Obama
37. "Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all." —Alfred, Lord Tennyson
38. "I swear I couldn't love you more than I do right now, and yet, I know I will tomorrow." —Leo Christopher
39. "If I know what love is, it is because of you." —Hermann Hesse
40. "To get the full value of joy, you must have someone to divide it with." —Mark Twain
41. "I love you not because of who you are, but because of who I am when I am with you." —Roy Croft
42. "Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage." —Lao Tzu
43. "Love, having no geography, knows no boundaries." —Truman Capote
44. "Love is like an hourglass, with the heart filling up as the brain empties." —Jules Renard
45. "To love is nothing. To be loved is something. But to love and be loved, that's everything." —T. Tolis
46. "You are my sun, my moon, and all of my stars." —e.e. cummings
47. "But when I'm with you, I feel like a dreamer that's had all his dreams come true." —Chris Stapleton
48. "If you are with the right person, it brings out the best version of you." —Beyoncé
49. "Some people are worth melting for." —Frozen
50. "Even in my dreams, I never imagined that I should find so much love on earth." —Prince Albert
51. "I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone." —J.R.R. Tolkien
52. "You are the answer to every prayer I've offered." —Nicholas Sparks
53. "If you remember me, then I don't care if everyone else forgets." —Haruki Murakami
54. "Loving is not just looking at each other. It's looking in the same direction." —Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
55. "There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness." —Friedrich Nietzsche
56. "Where there is love, there is life." —Mahatma Gandhi
57. "Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place." —Zora Neale Hurston
58. "True love stories have no endings." —Richard Bach
59. "Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back." —Plato
60. "You are my heart, my life, my one and only thought." —Arthur Conan Doyle
61. "Love planted a rose, and the world turned sweet." —Katharine Lee Bates
62. "Walking with your hands in mine and mine in yours, that's exactly where I want to be always." —Fawn Weaver
63. "It's amazing how one day someone walks into your life and suddenly, you can't remember how you lived without them." —Anurag Prakash
64. "Love yourself first and everything else falls into line." —Lucille Ball
65. "Love is something sent from heaven to worry the hell out of you." —Dolly Parton
66. "To feel the love of people whom we love is a fire that feeds our life." —Pablo Neruda
67. "I've tried so many times to think of a new way to say it, and it's still 'I love you.'" —Zelda Fitzgerald
68. "I know of only one duty and that is to love." —Albert Camus
69. "Love is the whole thing. We are only the pieces." —Rumi
70. "Life is the flower for which love is the honey." —Victor Hugo
71. "All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt." —Charles M. Schulz
72. "You and I are meant to be together. Period. The end. Cue happy-ending music."  —Dawson's Creek
73. "Love liberates. It doesn't just hold—that's ego." —Maya Angelou
74. "Love is a game that two can play and both win." —Eva Gabor
75. "If grass can grow through cement, love can find you every time." —Cher
76. "It’s heaven, it’s like walking through a field of flowers everyday—I live with angels." —Ryan Gosling
77. "You are proof that love before first sight does exist." —Araceli M. Ream
78. "What is love? It is the morning and evening star." —Sinclair Lewis
79. "I won't give up on us, even if skies get rough." —Jason Mraz
80. "In a world full of temporary things, you are a perpetual feeling." —Sanober Khan
81. "I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you." —Paulo Coelho
Casey Clark is a freelance consultant who is interested in beauty, health, and style-related commerce content. She learned from Hofstra University with a degree in journalism. Her work has been published in Women's Health, Better Homes & Gardens, and more.
'Love on the Spectrum' Can Teach Us Better Dating
Should You Take A Break From Your Relationship?
How To Use The Invisible String Theory
Jalen Hurts Is Officially a Married Man!
Why Emotional Intimacy Matters In Relationships
Selena Gomez & Benny Blanco: Relationship Timeline
What Palm Reading Can Tell You About Love 
Selena Gomez, Benny Blanco Prove Opposites Attract
Why Some Women Are Swearing Off Men Amid Menopause
55 Best Hinge Conversation Starters To Try ASAP
How To Handle Your Parents' Divorce As An Adult
Where Is Apple Cider Vinegar's Clive Rothwell Now?
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazines, Inc. All Rights Reserved.