Zendaya wore Thierry Mugler's robot suit at the Dune: Part Two premiere in London – from Grace Jones to Lady Gaga, the French designer has created outrageous outfits for the world's most glamorous figures.
There was a distinctly futuristic vibe on the red carpet for the Dune: Part Two premiere in London this week. Timothée Chalamet wore metallic trousers, Florence Pugh wore a sequined black hooded dress by Valentino. But no one understood the assignment more than Zendaya, who showed up in a silver cyborg suit proving that, when it comes to fashion, she's in not just another league – but another world.
More like this:
-          The reinvention of the cowboy hat
-          Can luxury fashion ever be sustainable?
-          How Harris Reed became fashion's superstar
Zendaya's stylist Law Roach sourced the bodysuit from French fashion designer Thierry Mugler's 1995 couture collection. The robot suit was originally created with artist Jean-Jacques Urcun, and inspired by the character Futura from the 1925 novel Metropolis. Constructed from chrome, and featuring plexiglass cutouts, it took six months to make. The futuristic look was the perfect choice to launch a sci-fi movie – and if Zendaya was looking to create an iconic red carpet moment, then she chose wisely. Because if there's one designer whose creations are almost guaranteed to turn heads, it's Thierry Mugler.
Mugler, who died in 2022 aged 73, was known for this love of spectacle. When Zendaya's bodysuit was first seen on the catwalk in the mid-90s, it was as part of a special show held at Paris's Cirque d'Hiver to mark 20 years of the Thierry Mugler brand. The show, dubbed "the Woodstock of Fashion", featured the actress Tippi Hedren wearing a dress covered in black birds (a nod to her most famous role), along with many of the era's biggest supermodels, musical guests, drag queens and porn stars. It was both a ridiculous and over-the-top show – and also entirely typical of Thierry Mugler.
Mugler first broke through as a designer in the 1970s and quickly became known for his theatrical  designs. Mugler – who had wanted to be a dancer when he was young – was inspired by superheroes, goddesses, cabaret stars and cartoon characters. He loved feathers, sequins and crystals, and was known for his sculptural, architectural designs. His signature silhouette was an inverted triangle, with big, structured shoulders and a tightly cinched in waist.
He quickly established himself as the go-to designer for celebrities who wanted to command attention. It's no surprise that Grace Jones was an early fan. In 1979, David Bowie wore a pink Mugler dress in the video to Boys Keep Swinging.
In the 1980s, his fashion shows became legendary. In 1984 he staged the first commercial fashion show, selling 6,000 tickets for his spectacle at Zénith Paris stadium. For the finale, model Pat Cleveland (then six months pregnant) descended from the sky as a Madonna in a transparent chiffon gown. In 1985, he sent models down the runway with gold plates covering their nipples (and, at one point, gave Iman a live monkey to perch on her shoulder).
Beyond fabulous
In the 1990s, his thirst for flamboyance only got greater, even when many other designers were embracing a more minimalistic look, and the grunge aesthetic was everywhere. "I don't believe in natural fashion," he told The New York Times.
In 1990 he sent models including Cindy Crawford and Naomi Campbell down the catwalk wearing bondage-inspired outfits, complete with whips. In 1991, the outfits were cartoonish, with Christy Turlington wearing a dress made from huge balls of fur. In his fall 1997 couture collection, model Adriana Karembeu walked down the runway in a corseted dress covered in scales made from horse hair, feathers and Swarovski crystals, looking like a high-fashion fish. That same year, Jerry Hall – a longtime muse – walked the runway dressed as an exceptionally glamorous peacock.
Mugler's costume-like designs meant he was – and still is – particularly loved in the music world, with Madonna, Celine Dion and Diana Ross all wearing his creations on stage. Mugler provided the outfits for George's Michael's 1992 video for Too Funky, including a motorcycle inspired bustier from his spring/summer 1992 show.
Beyoncé also wore a Mugler motorcycle bustier on the cover of her 2009 album I Am… Sasha Fierce, and went on to wear his designs on stage for years. On last year's Renaissance tour, she wore a custom Mugler cyborg suit inspired by his original design. Now she's entering her country era, it wouldn't be a surprise to see her reach for his glittering red cowgirl outfit from the Spring Summer 1992 show. Lady Gaga, too, is a long-time Mugler fan, frequently wearing vintage pieces both in her videos and on the red carpet.
At the 2019 Grammys, Cardi B wore a pastel pink 1995 Mugler creation – his "Birth of Venus" dress – that gave the impression she was a human pearl inside an oyster shell. That same year, Kim Kardashian wore a custom Mugler gown to the Met Gala. The latex beaded dress, which looked like water dripping from her body, took eight months to make – and was the first creation Thierry Mugler had made for his namesake house in 20 years.
With Mugler no longer with us, stars are now left to dive into his archive to create incredible fashion moments. And with Zendaya setting the bar extremely high, we can expect more to come.
If you liked this story, sign up for The Essential List newsletter – a handpicked selection of features, videos and can't-miss news delivered to your inbox every Friday.
 If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Culture, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter
Professor Richard Thompson Ford explores what our clothes reveal about us and our society.
How a practical sports shoe made the leap to become a highly desirable fashion item.
What exactly inspires the haute couture designer and self-confessed cobbler, Manolo Blahnik?
It’s 2045 and we’re now living in a net zero society. This is the story of how we did it.
Hannah had all four limbs amputated at two years old to save her life after contracting meningitis.
In a world of ‘fast fashion’ and a throwaway culture, what lessons can history teach us?
The Italian leather handbag has been a style icon for decades, and shows no signs of going away.
Does a dress really have the power to transform the way people see us?
Ukraine’s luxurious fake hair industry shows that no price is too high for the ultimate beauty accessory.
Korea invented the K-beauty regimen, now it’s perfecting the art of semi-permanent skin make-up.
Why fashion styles repeat themselves.
A mixed reality fashion show including computer animated skulls, tigers and lightning has taken place.
How a Copenhagen womenswear label is tackling sustainability and diversity.
A look at the influence of some of the most iconic items in fashion.
Minori reinvented a Japanese street fashion style that has a global following.
We go inside a New York City lab developing new tech to increase IVF success rates for patients.
In the past decade, the dramatic surge in satellite launches has left space cluttered with junk.
The connection between our brain and gut has a profound effect on our wellbeing. We look at ways to improve it.
Watch how the maps and images of our planet from above have changed over the last two millennia.
Newly discovered behaviour shows a group of lemur mothers inventing a self-medication method involving ants.
An expedition is planning to take clients up the world's tallest mountain in record time with xenon gas. But some in the climbing and medical world worry it is an unnecessary gamble.
Ryan Coogler's vampire film had an extraordinary second weekend at the box office. It's a victory for a wholly original big-budget film in a cinema landscape of familiar franchises.
Liverpool FC's victory at the weekend has produced a strange series of numbers in the league's record books.
The creation of three "dire wolf" pups has raised hopes that it may be possible to resurrect extinct animals. But some scientists have grave concerns.
Swathes of scientific data deletions are sweeping across US government websites – with decades of research at risk. Now, scientists are racing to save their work before it's lost.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.