Beyoncé went full Cher Horowitz this holiday season—with a dash of Regina George.
On New Year’s Eve, the 42-year-old megastar snuck one more holiday look onto her Instagram grid before the official start of 2024. Posing in front of a highly decorated Christmas tree, Beyoncé channeled two ’90s icons in a silvery version of the plaid skirt sets worn by Alicia Silverstone and Stacey Dash in the 1995 teen classic Clueless.
To misquote Shawn Mendes, “It’s giving Cher.” Just like the film’s protagonist, Beyoncé—who has been rocking platinum blonde hair since late November—topped off her look with all-white accessories, pairing the ’fit with a pair of alabaster flats, sunglasses, and a dainty handbag.
However, instead of pairing her preppy skirt and blazer combo with a cardigan and knee-high socks, Beyoncé opted for a sheer white bustier with exposed boning, giving the entire look a bit more sex appeal. “Clueless but make it Renaissance,” one fan commented on the captionless post.
As for jewelry, Beyoncé was forced to choose from a few sparkling finishing touches. In most of the pics, the “Alien Superstar” singer wore a chain earpiece with a large teardrop stone. However, she replaced that piece with a teardrop diamond necklace in slide five.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
But wait, there’s more. If you look closely, you’ll see that Beyoncé infused a bit of Christmas whimsy into her preppy holiday fair. While from afar the superstar appears to be rocking a classic holiday red-tipped manicure, slide seven reveals an adorable Santa hat painted on her thumb.
This could be a stretch, but my brain immediately thought of the “Jingle Bell Rock” scene from another classic high school comedy: Mean Girls (2004). Beyond her manicure, Beyoncé’s strapless bustier also feels more aligned with Regina George than Cher Horowitz.
What do you think? Maybe I’m totally buggin’.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices