March 20, 2024 14:55PM 
Peacock
What song always puts you in a good mood? “Right now, I like Beyoncé’s song, ‘Texas Hold ‘Em’. But if I’m thinking about old songs, start spreading the news — ‘New York, New York.’ ”
What is your least favorite household chore? “I don’t mind cooking, but I hate cleaning up, doing the dishes. I like to put ’em in the sink and let ’em stay there.”
Where did you go on your best vacation? “Hawaii, to Maui. I went to the top of that volcano [Haleakala]. They took you up there on a bus at four o’clock in the morning, and then you biked down eight miles. That was sheer bliss. Paradise. And you had pancakes in the middle. They stopped, so you could eat in the middle. They were the best pancakes I’ve ever tasted.”
What movie could you watch over and over? “I always watch The Hunt For Red October and Die Hard. Die Hard is my favorite movie.”
If you could play a character in any movie from any decade, who would it be? “Gypsy — I want to be Mama Rose and sing ‘Everything’s Coming Up Roses.’ ”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines.
					Soap Opera Digest does not endorse the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections.
					Our comments section is a place where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful
					discussions. Offensive language, hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not
					permitted. Advertising or spam is also prohibited.
				
Soap Opera Digest has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.Copyright © 2025 Odyssey Magazine Publishing Group Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Privacy Policy
About us
Accessibility Statement
Terms of Use
Advertising

Part of the a360media Entertainment Group.

			Powered by Boyle Software

By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: