He’s the bat guy. (Duh.)
 It took a vision about Batman for Billie Eilish to realize everything she wanted.

 In an interview with Amelia Dimoldenberg ahead of the Academy Awards, the “When the Party’s Over” singer revealed that she had a revelation about her personal life after having a dream about a movie star. 

 Eilish confirmed that the Caped Crusader is her favorite superhero, and said, “I don’t really know much about superheroes. The Dark Knight…I gotta be real. A couple years ago I had a dream about Christian Bale and it was in a little cafe in the sunlight, and it made me realize I had to break up with my boyfriend at the time. Genuinely. I woke up and I came to my senses.”

Tommaso Boddi/Getty Images; Robin L Marshall/Getty Images
 The topic came up as the singer and her brother and co-songwriter, Finneas O’Connell, discussed the composition of her 2016 song “Ocean Eyes.”

 “Did you write ‘Ocean Eyes’ about Cillian Murphy?” Dimoldenberg jokingly asked, in reference to the Oppenheimer star’s piercing gaze. Eilish turned the question to her brother. “Ask him, ‘cause he wrote that. And yeah, probably.”

 O’Connell half-jokingly confirmed Dimoldenberg’s suggestion. “I probably wrote it about Cillian,” he said “Yeah, big fan of Cillian’s eyes in Dunkirk.” (That film, however, was released a year after “Ocean Eyes,” so the timeline of that specific project inspiring the song doesn’t quite line up.)

 Eilish and O’Connell are nominated for an Oscar for Best Original Song for “What Was I Made For?” from the Barbie soundtrack, and are set to perform the track at the ceremony on March 10. The duo previously won an Academy Award for “No Time to Die” at 2022’s ceremony, beating out the likes of Beyoncé, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Diane Warren, and Van Morrison.

 Watch the full interview above.

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)