Weeks away from the new year, ESSENCE is looking back at our favorite beauty trends leading the now near $430 billion dollar industry to new heights. From ‘Baddie’ beauty and its influence on plastic surgery, to the skincare for maturing skin, 2023 was a year of both excess and minimalism. 
Additionally, we’ve seen trends on the runway each fashion week– like pin-thin eyeliner at Mugler’s SS24 show in Paris, which were replicated by celebrities for their red carpet appearances. And speaking of other red carpet and fashion week moments, gel-slicked hair proved it wasn’t going anywhere this year either. Think: FKA Twig’s spiky look at the MET Gala or the graphic hair looks at Luar’s SS24 show. 
Below, take a look at five standout beauty trends from 2023.
This year, Instagram influencers set a new beauty standard which can be defined by a single term: Insta baddie. From human hair wigs, detailed acrylic nails, and full beat makeup, ‘baddie’ beauty certainly didn’t go anywhere in 2023. Although the actual personality of a baddie may vary, the beauty look tends to consist of full-beat glam, elaborate nails, the perfect wig, and embracing major curves.
Skincare is beauty’s largest category at close to 45% of beauty retail sales. Within that, is the rise of skincare for mature skin (or often referred to as anti-aging products). Although the term is coined as “anti-” the trend is full of techniques used to instead slow the appearance of aging, including fine lines, wrinkles, and age spots– and is a market that is expected to reach $76.6 billion in 2024, 
No-makeup makeup remained a fan favorite on and off the runway in 2023. From Sabrina Elba’s neutral Oscars beauty look to TikTok’s minimal makeup tutorials, natural beauty was an alternative to full coverage foundation, contour and powder this year. 
From hair stylist Evanie Frausto’s graphic hairstyles for Luar’s SS24 show (and on Doechii at the afterparty), to Louis Souvestre’s folded spikes on FKA Twigs’ MET Gala look, gel-slicked hair stuck in 2023. Flyaways and frizz were packed down with grease, while baby hairs were pressed into Betty Boop swirls for a coquette touch to an otherwise excess-driven beauty trend.
Thin lines appeared not only in razor-sharp eyebrows (which have trended year after year), but also in skinny eyeliner and fine, black lip liner. Angela Bassett modeled in Mugler’s SS24 show with a pin-like detail on her eyes and dark, faded lip liner. Meanwhile, Tokischa paired two hairstyles with dark, precise water lines at the CFDA Awards. As for Doechii? She used thin lines to contour her nose for a beauty moment we’ve never seen before.
Over the past few months, Beyoncé really took it there with her blonde looks which, by now, are in a category of their own: “Renaissance Blonde.” She’s gone from classic honey blonde to a more controversial platinum, and has definitely reigned as the “Queen of Blonde” this year.
And speaking of blonde, celebrity hairstylist, Joel James, reminded us that Victoria Monét was in her “blonde era,” too. She stunned throughout the Jaguar tour with blonde wigs in all lengths and shapes: from bouncy curls at Afropunk Bahia to soft body waves in DC. 
Another standout beauty theme this year was nature-inspired wigs. SZA posted photos of her new album cover a few weeks ago on Instagram– one of which consisted of her standing in overgrown weeds in front of a forest with a wig made from plants. Then cue Meg Thee Stallion’s Halloween beauty look as the flower from Alice In Wonderland.
Crystal-embellished nails took over at this year’s MTV awards. Nicki Minaj’s claws were a rose hue and gem-dipped. They completed the drama of her veiled look that night. Similarly, Ashanti rocked pink, rhinestone nails, too. They looked perfect wrapped around her clutch that had the cutest photo of her and Nelly on it.