At the 2025 Grammys, Shakira’s sons Milan, 12, and Sasha, 10, cheered on their mom and blew air kisses at her during the singer’s win for Best Latin Pop Album.
Grammys 2025 nominee Kanye West and his wife Bianca Censori were rumored to have been kicked out of the ceremony because they were allegedly not invited to attend. Here’s what really happened.
Taylor Swift had the best night at the 2025 Grammys. 
Several female musicians won big during music’s biggest night including Beyoncé, Shakira, Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, Doechii and more. Access Hollywood is breaking down the top moments of the night.
Even Queen Bey herself was at a loss for words over her latest Grammy milestone. 
The star took home the award for Best New Artist and during her speech she spoke out about how she thinks labels should offer livable wages and healthcare to developing artists.
Trevor Noah kicked off the 67th annual Grammy Awards ceremony with a moment of reflection for last month’s historic wildfires that devastated Los Angeles, and a call for every star in attendance to contribute to the relief efforts. 
The 56-year-old was on the red carpet posing for photos at music’s biggest night, rocking a black suit with silver embellishments. 
Khloe Kardashian jumped to Babyface’s defense after a reporter abruptly wrapped an interview with the music producer at the 2025 Grammy Awards.
During the Grammys 2025 ceremony, Taylor Swift left Janelle Monáe’s performance with an added accessory — a sequin-lined blazer that the “I Like That” singer threw from the stage.  
Fresh off her historic Grammy wins, Beyonce announced the tour days for her “Cowboy Carter” show, which she’ll take on the road starting this spring. It includes four nights of performances at MetLife Stadium. Beyonce announced the launch of the 2025 ahead of Sunday’s Grammys. Tickets are not yet available, but users can sign up for information on the...
“You are exactly who you need to be, to be right where you are, and I am a testimony,” she said. 
Los Angeles firefighters were welcomed at the Grammys Awards with a warm reception.
Kendrick Lamar won five Grammys for “Not Like Us” on Sunday, one week before he’s set to perform the Super Bowl Halftime Show.
Beyonce, Kendrick Lamar and Chappell Roan were some of the big winners at the 2025 Grammy awards.
The viral diss against Drake has earned Lamar more hardware.
Here are some of the most memorable looks from the red carpet at the 2025 Grammy Awards.
Liam Payne, who died in October at the age of 31, was honored with a special moment during the 67th Grammy Awards held at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles Feb. 2.
At the Grammys 2025 ceremony, Taylor Swift and Kanye West—who have been feuding on and off since the 2009 VMAs—avoided a run-in during the Feb. 2 award show, also attended by his ex Julia Fox.
The most decorated artist in Grammys history added a few more to her collection.