By
Chris Piner
While rising to fame thanks to the girl group Destiny’s Child, Beyonce eventually left to explore a solo career. And that move appeared to define her career as the singer went on to produce albums like Lemonade and Renaissance. And expanding her stardom in the music industry, she married rapper and producer Jay-Z in 2008. Although selling over 200 million albums worldwide and winning over 30 Grammy Awards, the singer decided to expand her discography when she dropped her debut country album, Cowboy Carter. While gaining praise from fans and dominating the airwaves, the CMA Awards snubbed Beyonce, causing fellow singers like Kelly Clarkson to speak out. 
Although not every album is a hit, Cowboy Carter proved the wide talent of Beyonce. Collaborating with some of the biggest names in country music, the album seemed to dominate the entire genre. With each song gaining praise and Beyonce blending genres, it shocked the entire industry when the CMA Awards appeared to forget all about the hit album.
Wanting to defend her fellow singer, Clarkson discussed how hard it was to break into country music. “I was told at a lunch if I didn’t quit pop music and just go country, I would not be played. I was literally told that to my face at a lunch, and I was like, ‘OK, no offense, but I’m not ever gonna just pick one.’”
[RELATED: Watch Kelly Clarkson Perform with Reba McEntire for the First Time After ‘American Idol’ Win]
Sharing a connection with Beyonce thanks to Texas, Clarkson continued, “We’re both Texans, so you can’t escape it growing up there. It just seemed like the door was closed unless I was all-in and had to leave every other genre behind, which I don’t think people like me, or even Beyoncé, are capable of doing that.”
Clarkson struggled to understand the idea of just sticking with one genre. “Why limit yourself? I think the real win there is that you don’t even need the award. People are showing up, right? You’re massive… People are showing up to my concerts, they like hearing the country stuff from me, they like hearing the pop, they like hearing all the different things.”
As for the CMA Awards and Cowboy Carter, Clarkson explained how it just didn’t add up. “I kind of find it fascinating. Because I feel like those songs were everywhere.”
(Photo by Jose Perez/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Cover Songs Merle Haggard Liked the Most (And the Type of Country He Couldn’t Stand)
Inside the Freak Folk Movement That Time Forgot
Kacey Musgraves Returns to the Old “Lost Highway” With Her Grandparents in Tow

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand