By BRIAN MARKS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:30, 30 May 2024   |  Updated:  04:51, 30 May 2024   
 8
View  comments
Laverne Cox celebrated her 52nd birthday in style on Wednesday with a steamy striptease video shared with her seven million Instagram followers.
The Orange Is The New Black star redefined middle age as she stripped out of a striking black jacket to reveal her trim figure and a tiny black bikini.
'I turn 52 years old today. I'm so grateful to be alive and healthy and wiser, truly wiser!' she began her post's caption.
'I genuinely love myself today. That hasn't always been the case. I'm surrounded by love. That's intentional,' continued the transgender actress and activist, who was honored earlier in May at the Webby Awards.
Laverne wrote that she was '52 and surrouned [sic] by love and abundance. Thank you God!'
Laverne Cox celebrated her 52nd birthday in style on Wednesday with a steamy striptease video shared with her seven million Instagram followers
The Orange Is The New Black star redefined middle age as she stripped out of a striking black jacket to reveal her trim figure and a tiny black bikini
She was dressed in an asymmetrical black jacket with decorative yellow embroidered lines over her sleeves and chest.
The jacket had a cropped front that left her toned stomach in full view, and the unusual item had cropped right half, while the left half of the jacket was connected to a longer back side that draped down her thighs.
Under the jacket, Laverne wore a black string bikini top made of a revealing semi-sheer mesh material, along with a low-cut hip-hugging bottom and sheer black gloves.
Laverne wore her hair in long blond waves, and she pouted her plump scarlet-painted lips as she looked suggestively into the camera while soundtracking her clip to Beyoncé's Cowboy Carter song SPAGHETTII.
Laverne flipped her jacket back before removing it to reveal her svelte figure and her bikini. 
She continued her caption by urging her followers to support transgender equality while referencing numerous states that have passed anti-trans laws in recent years.
'In honor of my special day, please consider making a donation to @southernequality which helps families with trans members who may need relocation and travel expenses because 24 states now ban gender affirming care for young people,' she wrote, before urging her followers to 'Vote in November.'
She concluded with the hashtags '#TransIsBeautiful,' '#BlackIsBeautiful,' '#ProtectTransKids' and 'It's my #Birthday.'
Earlier this month, Laverne took the stage in New York City at the 28th annual Webby Awards.
She urged her followers to support transgender equality while referencing numerous states that have passed anti-trans laws in recent years
Laverne wore a cropped black jacket with yellow embroidery. She quickly stripped out of it to reveal her black mesh bikini and sheer gloves
Earlier this month she was being honored with the Webby Award for Diversity, Equity & Inclusion for her podcast The Laverne Cox Show; seen May 13
She also has a mysterious role in the upcoming Apple Studios film Outcome, which is directed by Jonah Hill and stars Keanu Reeves as a Hollywood star confronting his dark past; pictured May 11 in NYC
She was being honored with the Webby Award for Diversity, Equity & Inclusion for her podcast The Laverne Cox Show.
Cox will soon appear at a Tribeca Talks' Storytellers event on June 12.
She also has a mysterious role in the upcoming Apple Studios film Outcome. The film, which is directed by Jonah Hill, stars Keanu Reeves as the similarly named Reef, a major actor in Hollywood who is forced to confront his dark history and past transgressions after he is blackmailed with a mysterious video clip from his early days. 
The film, which is described as a dark comedy, also features Hill onscreen, along with Cox, Cameron Diaz, Matt Bomer, Susan Lucci, David Spade, Kaia Gerber, Roy Wood Jr. and Atsuko Okatsuka.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group