Taylor Swift is “really happy for Beyoncé” being named the greatest pop star of the 21st century by Billboard, an insider tells Page Six.
“Taylor will always support strong female artists and thinks Beyoncé is so deserving of this honor,” our source adds.
The “Karma” singer is aware her fans are upset that she was not given the top honor and is the runner-up, but she feels no self-pity, according to our source. 
“Taylor appreciates all the fan support she’s received but she knows Beyoncé is a legend in the music industry and Taylor’s honored to have landed in the number two spot next to her,” our source notes.
“Taylor is proud of what she’s accomplished regardless of what spot she holds.”
Page Six reached out to the global superstar’s rep, who did not immediately return our request for comment.
Billboard revealed last week that the staff ranked Swift, 34, as the second greatest pop star of the 21st century. The “Single Ladies” hitmaker, 43, took the crown Tuesday. 
“While Taylor Swift is the century’s biggest pop star by the numbers, Beyoncé tops our staff-chosen editorial list based on her full 25 years of influence, impact, evolution,” Billboard explained of their decision. 
Swift and Beyoncé have a long history of supporting one another, so there’s no surprise there are no hard feelings from Swift.
Their touching relationship started in 2009, when the 32-time Grammy winner infamously invited a 19-year-old Swift back onto the stage at the MTV Video Music Awards after Kanye West stormed the stage and protested her best female video win for “You Belong with Me.”
Ever since then, the pair have been public fans of one another — such as when the “Red” singer said she loves Beyoncé “more than the normal amount” in 2015, per E!
Swift paid tribute to her pal by featuring a ​​RuPaul’s Drag Race contestant dressed as Beyoncé in Swift’s 2019 “You Need to Calm Down” music video. 
In 2021, the former Destiny’s Child star sent Swift flowers to congratulate her on her 2021 Grammy award for album of the year.
They also attended each other’s movie premieres last year.
Swift released her Eras Tour concert film in October, while Beyoncé debuted her “RENAISSANCE: A Film By Beyoncé” the following month.
Advertisement