Machine Gun Kelly and Megan Fox got cozy at a 2024 Super Bowl party one year after they sparked breakup rumors at last year’s sporting event.
The couple — who got engaged in January 2022 — was spotted enjoying themselves during Future’s concert on night one of h.wood Group’s Homecoming in Las Vegas Friday.
In one video shared on social media, the “Transformers” actress, 37, who sported pink wavy shoulder-length hair, bopped her head along with the music as the “Emo Girl” performer — born Colson Baker — rapped along to Future’s song “March Madness.”
MGK, 33, wore a black turtleneck under a leather jacket and black pants. He also sported a pair of black shades.
Fox looked stunning in a plunging, spiked leather corset under a black trenchcoat and shiny, black patent leather leggings.
She completed her look with a pair of clear platform heels and a silver necklace.
The couple’s outing comes a year after they sparked breakup rumors amid the 2023 Super Bowl.
Last February, the “Bloody Valentine” musician performed at Sports Illustrated’s The Party. 
A source told Page Six at the time that Fox was not on site while her beau performed and did not accompany him on the red carpet.
Earlier that day, the “Jennifer’s Body” actress unfollowed MGK on Instagram and deleted several pics of them together. 
Fox then shared a cryptic post, using lyrics from Beyoncé’s “Lemonade” album, which partly referenced the “Cuff It” singer discovering her husband Jay-Z’s alleged infidelity.
“You can taste the dishonesty/ it’s all over your breath,” Fox captioned an Instagram slideshow, using lyrics to Queen Bey’s “Pray to Catch Me.”
The “Till Death” star also stopped wearing her two-stone engagement ring.
Fans quickly accused the rocker of having an affair with his guitarist, Sophie Lloyd, who vehemently denied those rumors in a statement to Page Six.
Fox later clarified that there was “no third party interference in this relationship of any kind” and defended Lloyd from the fan backlash.
Weeks later, Page Six exclusively learned that MGK and his fiancée began attending couples therapy “every day via Zoom” in an attempt to save their relationship.
They have since been spotted together on several occasions, including a date night to Nobu Malibu in December 2023.
Advertisement