The system includes Mugello KH3P I speakers, KS5 I Thunder subwoofers, KA208 Kommander amplifiers, KY52 Kayman speakers and KHCFLY35 I components
BATON ROUGE, LA – For its new 1,000-capacity worship center in Baton Rouge, LA, Rose Hill Church turned to RC1 Productions owner Rick Camp for an audio assist. Camp steered the church toward a K-array Mugello KH3P I concert sound system, the first such installation in the U.S.
More details from K-array (www.k-array.com):
Rose Hill Church in Baton Rouge, LA, recently relocated to a spacious 46,000 square foot facility to accommodate its growing congregation. After extensive renovations, the impressive new sanctuary features 50-foot vaulted ceilings and can seat up to 1,000 guests, a significant increase from its previous 200-person capacity.  This dramatic expansion called for a powerful audio solution to fill the space while maintaining high-quality sound for large services, spoken word, and live music.
The installation took place over 3 months and was spearheaded by RC1 Productions owner Rick Camp, a veteran front of house and recording engineer known in the music industry for his work with artists such as Madonna, Earth, Wind & Fire, Beyoncé, The Temptations, Dr. Dre, and many more. RC1 Productions, along with the team from K-array USA, handled the installation and design of the new sound system.
“The KH3 double 12” Mugello line arrays were perfect for this space,” said Rick Camp, Owner of RC1 Productions. “With their slim profile and electronic beam steering capabilities, we were able to rig the speakers to a 20-foot custom wooden beam and still maintain clear, even coverage throughout the entire sanctuary.”
Camp expertly tuned the system and provided comprehensive training to the church’s technical director, Eric Johnson, and pastor Danny Donaldson. The sanctuary’s electrical system also underwent a complete overhaul to meet current safety standards and power the high-performance K-array system.
The flagship Mugello concert series combines high power density with exceptional intelligibility and full performance control. Designed for easy installation, the system is comprised of eight KH3P I line array speakers and six KS5 I Thunder subwoofers powered by two KA208 Kommander amplifiers. For front fill reinforcements, six Kayman KY52 speakers were installed on the lip of the stage.
In addition to K-array, Rose Hill Church has also partnered with Shure as an endorsed user of their latest ULXD wireless microphone technology. The system features fifteen wireless vocal mics, including a dedicated headset and handheld mic for the pastor, as well as fifteen channels of wireless microphones for the choir and other vocalists. The new sanctuary is also equipped with modern AV technology. This includes a massive 40-foot video screen upstage, and two 10-foot wide by 6-foot tall side screens. Advanced moving lights enhance the visual experience, while two SSL L200 mixing consoles provide versatile audio control.
“We really wanted to invest in the best audio and visual tools to take our services to the next level,” said tech savvy Pastor Danny Donaldson. “The combination of the K-array Mugello KH3P I system, the video walls, and the Shure wireless mics has transformed the way our congregation experiences worship.”
The installation at Rose Hill Church marks an exciting milestone for K-array USA, as their innovative Mugello KH3P I system makes its debut in the United States setting a new benchmark for houses of worship seeking exceptional audio quality.
Kit list
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
"*" indicates required fields
Δ


May 2025Articles | Digital IssueApril 2025Articles | Digital IssueMarch 2025Articles | Digital IssueFebruary 2025Articles | Digital IssueJanuary 2025Articles | Digital Issue
Timeless Communications Corp.
6700 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite C
Las Vegas, NV 89119
P: (702) 932-5585
© 2025 Timeless Communications, LLC
Timeless Communications Corp.
6700 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite C
Las Vegas, NV 89119
P: (702) 932-5585
© 2025 Timeless Communications, LLC