Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
‘She’s a beautiful girl and a great singer,’ added Parton. 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
Dolly Parton believes Beyoncé has covered her song “Jolene” for her upcoming country album.
The country music legend, 78, has long said that she hoped the pop superstar, 42, might record her own version of the iconic song.
Speaking to Knox News at the 2024 opening of her Tennessee-based theme park Dollywood, Parton responded to a question about whether Beyoncé might be recording one of her songs.
“Well, I think she has! I think she’s recorded ‘Jolene’ and I think it’s probably gonna be on her country album, which I’m very excited about that,” said Parton.
“I love her!” Parton added. “She’s a beautiful girl and a great singer.”
Beyoncé’s eighth studio album Act II, which is reportedly country-themed, is set to be released on 29 March.
Last month, Parton congratulated Beyoncé after she became the first Black woman to achieve a No 1 hit on the Billboard Hot Country songs chart.
“I’m a big fan of Beyoncé and very excited that she’s done a country album,” Parton wrote in a message shared to Instagram.
“So congratulations on your Billboard Hot Country No 1 single. Can’t wait to hear the full album! Love, Dolly.”
Beyoncé announced the new album at the same time as surprise releasing two country songs during the Super Bowl, “Texas Hold ‘Em” and “16 Carriages”.
A teaser clip for “Texas Hold ‘Em” paid homage to Wim Wenders’ 1984 road movie Paris, Texas.
The German director told The Independent: “Wow! Who’d a thunk it, that Travis on his long way home to Paris, Texas would turn out to be a Beyoncé fan! With a bit of luck at the poker table, it might turn out to be a perfect day!”
Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music
Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply.
ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.
Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music
Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply.
ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.
Meanwhile, on TikTok, observant users have found similarities between an unlikely pairing: “Texas Hold ‘Em” and the theme tune for the adventures of cartoon turtle Franklin.
Canadian musician Bruce Cockburn composed and wrote the theme tune to the children’s TV show and shared his thoughts on the comparisons with People.
“I think Beyoncé’s ‘Texas Hold ’Em’ is a good record. Unfortunately I can’t claim to have had any part in writing it,” he said.
“The rhythmic feel is similar to my theme song for the Franklin TV series, but to my ears that’s where the similarity stops. ‘Texas Hold ’Em’ is her song, and I wish her success with it!”
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in