Is Beyoncé's Halloween costume a clue for 'Act Three'?
Source: Michael Buckner / Getty
Halloween is not over until Queen Beyoncé says it’s over. Just a few days after the close of midnight, the RENAISSANCE leader and Queen of Halloween dropped her holiday costume, and it was everything we had expected.
Beyoncé chose singer, model, and culture glamour girl Betty Davis as her inspiration for 2024 Halloween. Dropping fire visuals on Instagram, Beyoncé kept it fierce, fabulous, and straight rock glam.
 


					Related Stories
				





Beyoncé Fans Brawl In VIP Section After Opening Concert






Celebs Step Out In Their Finest ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Outfits






Blue Ivy & Rumi Steal The Show At The Cowboy Carter Tour Opening Night






The combination of Betty’s carefree spirit and Beyoncé’s attitude was iconic. So, let’s get into all of the fabulous details.
On November 1, Beyoncé dropped a carousel of pictures paying homage to the singer. She re-created the singer’s This Is It record cover with a red background and a sexy motorcycle.
To make her vixen vision come to life, Beyoncé rocked an itty-bitty, black-and-white zebra bodysuit. The piece hugged in all the right places, showing off her curves and body. She paired the bodysuit with black-and-white cowboy boots and nude tights.
Her hair and makeup topped off the singer’s vibes with ’60s realness. Beyoncé ditched her signature blonde dresses for a bold, beautiful black afro. Her eyes popped with black eyeliner, and her lips were luscious and full with fire red lipstick.
“BETTY DAVIS IN MY BONES,“ Bey captioned her post in all capital letters.
See her full look and photo shoot below.
Fans have flooded Beyoncé’s social media comment section. The Bey Hive seemingly approved Beyoncé’s take on Betty Davis and can’t get enough of the singer’s style and sexiness. Fans have dropped heart emojis, fire signs, applause, and everything else.
Fans are also going into investigation mode, wondering if the pictures signify something else. Beyoncé is known to drop clues about her music movements. As Beyoncé continues to explore different genres of music, social media commenters can’t help but wonder if her Halloween costume is a forecast of her next music genre.
Beyoncé stopped the world this year with her Act II country music album. With rumors of a potential Act III looming, could rock be the Texas girl’s next music frontier?
RELATED
CHAPS AND CLAPPAS: Beyoncé Serves Cowboy Cakes In Latest IG Post
Beyoncé’s Cowboy Couture Fits Keep Getting Better And Better


Beyoncé As Rocker ‘It Girl’ Betty Davis For Halloween 2024 Is So Good 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Former Turkey Leg Hut Owner Charged in Bar 5015 Fire								

									Listen Live								

									Shannon Sharpe Shares He Is “Electing To Step Aside From ESPN Duties” Amid Sexual Assault Lawsuit								

									[VIDEO] Tina Knowles Opens Up About Breast Cancer Diagnosis								

									Show Mom She Means The World! Enter The Big Mama Brunch Giveaway								

									Beyonce & Jay-Z Sex Tape On Yacht Leaked {NSFW}								

									Win $250 and Tickets to the 'We Them Ones' Comedy Tour May 2								

									Feelin' Lucky? Enter to Play 'Lucky Number Seven' and Win BIG!!								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.