The Kansas City Chiefs will go head-to-head with the San Francisco 49ers for the 58th instalment of the American football competition. A coveted night that has become a pop culture staple, the two teams will be playing each other at the Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas, Nevada on February 11.
The event marks the first time the NFL championship decider has come to the city and it is sure to be a star studded event thanks to Vegas' historical tie to the entertainment industry. Like many Super Bowls, a slew of celebrities are predicted to show up, no less Taylor Swift, who is expected to be in the stands to support her boyfriend Travis Kelce - star tight-end for the Chiefs.
The singer is set to perform in Tokyo on her Eras Tour the night before the big game, but reports suggest she may just make it back to the states in time for kick off.
Try MEN Premium now for FREE... just click here to give it a go.
And while several mega stars are likely to be among the fans, another will be on the stage to entertain the thousands in attendance and millions more viewing via streams and on TV. RnB crooner Usher will be the headline act for the Super Bowl half-time show in Las Vegas.
The 45-year-old U Got It Bad singer announced the news back in September via a savvy social media campaign which saw a host of celebs like Kim Kardashian call the singer and tell him that he had been chosen to perform. Speaking about the announcement, Usher said: "It’s an honour of a lifetime to finally check a Super Bowl performance off my bucket list. I can’t wait to bring the world a show unlike anything else they’ve seen from me before.”
Usher firs shot to fame in the 1990s with hits like You Make Me Wanna and U Remind Me. He was one of the best-selling musical artists of the 2000s, scoring four consecutive Billboard Hot 100 number ones singles, including Yeah, Burn, Confessions Part II and My Boo, featuring Alicia Keys.
The Grammy Award winning superstar joins a prestigious list including Michael Jackson, Prince, Shakira, Beyoncé, Madonna and more. This won't be the first time he has performed at the half-time show however, back in 2011, he was a special guest feature during the Black Eyed Peas set.
Last year, a pregnant Rihanna emerged suspended on a platform above the field for a dazzling halftime show at the annual league championship game of the National Football League, her first solo event in seven years.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.