By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.			
Subscribe now and get up to 61% off the cover price.
Includes digital magazine access and the exclusive Robb Report tote bag.
Sign up for our newsletter and go inside a world of luxury.
 By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
		We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	Last year, Ariana Grande spent nearly $5 million to buy a secluded Hollywood Hills house from Cameron Diaz. So it’s not entirely surprising that the frequent real estate buyer and seller has now opted to unload her other hillside home, this one a cottage-sized structure in the trendy Bird Streets neighborhood, located roughly 1.5 miles due west of her new place.




Related Stories




						The Sale of a $32 Million Klimt Portrait Falls Through					




						This $11.6 Million Marin County Home Sits Right on San Francisco Bay					




						This $75 Million Penthouse Has the Largest Private Outdoor Pool in New York City					






	Though it was never on the market, records reveal the Bird Streets place sold for $8.3 million to Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio, the Puerto Rican rapper better known to his millions of worldwide fans as Bad Bunny. Unfortunately for Grande, that sales price is significantly less than the $8.9 million she paid for the very private house less than two years ago, back in early 2021. When coupled with L.A.’s controversial new mansion tax and other inevitable closing costs, it’s clear that the 30-year-old Florida native lost more than $1 million on her short ownership of the 0.74-acre property.

	










	Because the deal was finalized off-market and the house never publicly offered for sale, details and photos are few. But tax records confirm the property consists of three contiguous parcels of land that cling to a steep hillside, with vertigo-inducing vistas. The only structure on the lot is a low-slung cottage that was built in 1946 and spans less than 1,600 square feet of living space, with three bedrooms and two bathrooms.



	We do know, however, that the cottage was extensively renovated circa 2020, and now sports a lovely sort of rustic-meets-contemporary sort of style. There’s also a very large outdoor patio, plus a two-car attached garage and a dark-bottom swimming pool.

	Indisputably the home’s most unique feature is its ultra-private setting, as it sits behind an extraordinarily long gated driveway. The entire property is invisible from the public road behind tall hedges and trees, although from its hillside perch the house has great views over the bustling Sunset Strip, West Hollywood, and beyond.

	In addition to his new Bird Streets pied-à-terre, Bad Bunny also maintains a significantly larger estate elsewhere in the Hollywood Hills, acquired just last year for nearly $9 million. While we don’t know whether the 29-year-old music superstar intends to keep or sell that place, he can certainly afford to maintain both properties. In 2022, his touring efforts grossed $230 million, and he also had the bestselling album globally, exceeding competition from Beyoncé, Drake and BTS. 
Meet the Wine Club That Thinks Differently.
Receive editor-curated reds from boutique California producers four times a year.