Gift Guide
Beauty + Personal Care
Fashion
Home
Sports + Fitness
Stores
Tech
Kids
Pets
Sex Toys
View All 
We hope you love our recommendations! Some may have been sent as samples, but all were independently selected by our editors. Just FYI, BuzzFeed and its publishing partners may collect a share of sales and/or other compensation from the links on this page.
Including a viral hair coat that stops frizz for days and an oil-absorbing facial roller.
HuffPost Staff
This time last year, Beyoncé's makeup artist attributed this can of waterproof setting spray by One/Size to keeping the performer's makeup perfectly in place while performing on tour, rain or shine. Even before that, On 'Til Dawn had been an internet-favorite solution for sealing in foundation and shadows and offering an all-matte finish. It uses witch hazel to help absorb excess oil, while green tea extract tightens pores. The setting spray has sold out a few times, but currently, you can try a can for yourself in limited sizes.
Get it from Sephora for $17+ (available in two sizes).
Fight frizz and keep hair silky and manageable even in the most humid of conditions with this anti-frizz spray by Color Wow. The lightweight, residue-free, and protective formula coats hair to repel moisture in the air and lasts through up to three washes. It's available in both the original formula and extra strength for frizz-prone hair.Promising review: "I was using Bumble & Bumble until I started using this product. This is so much better and does not weigh down your hair and does not buildup on your hair either. I have naturally wavy hair, and during humid days, my hair goes crazy, but this product before blow drying helps so much. It also makes my hair super shiny, and I'm getting a lot of compliments. A big factor is that this product does not make my hair greasy. Highly recommend this, I've been using it for over six months now." —Kimie Ta
Get the original formula from Sephora for $12+ (available in three sizes) or the extra strength formula from Amazon for $14+ (available in two sizes).
This roller ball by Revlon essentially works just like those traditional blotting papers that we know and love, except it uses a reusable volcanic stone that seamlessly absorbs excess oil from the skin and refreshes makeup post-sweat, no matter where you are.Promising review: "So I was a bit skeptical when purchasing this. However, I did read the reviews and decided to give it a chance. I have combination skin, so some days I'm very oily, and some days I'm dry. I live in a tropical climate so it's very hot, but the grease on my face...I can't. So, I bought this and used it right away, and boom! I was impressed on how it immediately swept up the oil of my face! It was like a sponge just sucking up everything! I followed the instructions on how to wash it and leave it to dry (which takes a long time). However, it did the trick again and literally sucked the oil off my face. I am very pleased I bought this and would highly recommend it for persons with oily skin." —Tara Evans
Get it from Amazon for $9.
If traditional blotting papers are more your speed, this 100-pack of natural and oil-absorbing tissues has nearly 13,000 5-star reviews on Amazon and promises to rapidly absorb shine and refresh skin. They also come in infusions like bamboo charcoal and green tea.Promising review: "I've been using these for years and cannot live without them. They work great at removing shine from your face without lifting any makeup or having to add any powder. My forehead used to be so shiny, and it would make my bangs look greasy as well. With these, I can remove my shine and ensure my bangs stay fresh. Couldn't have more good things to say about these! Plus, they are very handy sized for your purse or travel." —crysta b
Get a pack of 100 from Amazon for $6.95 (available in five styles).
The original formula of It Cosmetics' multi-tasking and problem-solving CC+ cream was previously recommended by celebrity makeup artist Elizabeth Seropian, who claimed that it's a great foundation option for hot weather. This mattifying version, perfect for humid weather, offers the same nearly imperceptible, your-skin-but-better finish and helps cover acne scarring, rosacea, and hyperpigmentation. It contains hero skincare ingredients, including niacinamide to brighten and reduce redness, skin-plumping peptides, and hyaluronic acid for improved elasticity and hydration. 
Get it from Sephora for $47 (available in 29 shades).
Lume's well-known and trusted deodorant is formulated to go anywhere on the body and effectively control odors for up to 72 hours without irritating sensitive skin. This aluminum- and baking soda-free deodorant contains a blend of starches and root powders to help absorb moisture, while its innovative acidic formula is pH-optimized to block odor. Lume applies like a wipe-on lotion and turns completely invisible on the skin.Promising review: "I can't believe how this works. It has been a hot, humid summer, and my B.O. has gone away with this product. It did take a few days to work fully!! On the first day of use, it was still B.O. but less, then each day it was less and less, and now there is no B.O. at all. I am so happy! So, if you are on the fence because of the smell, weigh your pros and cons. A small amount of odor on your fingertips for a few minutes, or B.O. all day. Seems like a no-brainer." — Amazon Customer
Get it from Amazon for $15.89+ (available in multiple scents and pack sizes).
Niacinamide is an antioxidant that can help control oil production, a useful thing when it comes to fighting humidity. The Ordinary's niacinamide serum is one of the internet's most well-known formulations and a product that I have used and loved for several years. It's affordable and utilizes a high-strength niacinamide concentration to effectively brighten skin tone and reduce the appearance of blemishes. Plus, 1% zinc helps to support a balanced complexion by regulating excess sebum activity.
Get it from Ulta for $6.
On a hot and humid summer day, this mineral facial powder by Supergoop can not only refresh makeup and mattify your skin post-sweating but also reapply sunscreen. The finely milled formulation contains SPF 35, ceramides, and glycerides to help seal in moisture, while coated silica can help blur pores and diffuse imperfections. It's available in four flexible shades, including a translucent option.
Promising review: "Very good quality. With summer being so humid, it helped to take the shine away." —Woman
Get it from Amazon for $35.
Rather than slather your face in a thick and oil-based moisturizer on a humid day, this double-repair moisturizer by La Roche-Posay has an oil-free and lightweight gel formula that simultaneously hydrates while also managing excess oil. It contains the brand's signature prebiotic thermal water that acts as a soothing antioxidant, plus ceramides to help maintain a healthy skin barrier and niacinamide.
Promising review: "This is the first product that actually controls my super oily skin; it is effective for about five hours (I live in hot, humid tropical weather). It also doesn’t smell weird. Feels smooth on the skin and moisturizes properly.Give it a try!" —Juan
Get it from Amazon for $23.99.
Much like the antiperspirants you use under your arms, this face lotion absorbs and blocks sweat on your face. It claims to offer effective and long-lasting protection against excess sweating and oil production and can be used as a primer for makeup. According to the brand, the formula is non-irritating and contains soothing oat extracts, aloe, and jojoba wax esters.Promising review: "I used this on my face during the NYC heat wave, and it kept my makeup on. Plus, my makeup looked better than it normally does. My boyfriend used it on his face and head and kept him from getting sweaty. I was worried I would break out, but I did not. Great price too!!" —Kelly
Get it from Amazon for $19.95.
This facial serum claims to "excel in humid conditions," optimizing its skincare benefits. The innovative infusion contains skincare staple ingredients like vitamin C to protect the skin against premature aging caused by environmental stressors and hyaluronic acid to keep the skin hydrated.Promising review: "This is the best serum, hands down. I’m so happy it’s now easier to get to after Neiman Marcus stopped carrying it! It keeps my oily skin under control in the summer and hydrated in the winter in Chicago. Pores look smaller, skin is smoother, all around fantastic serum." —Gac 
Get it from Amazon for $69 (available in two styles).
Stila's waterproof eye pencil claims to stand up to sweaty lids and even water, thanks to a matte and budge-proof formula that remains rich and vibrant. It also comes in several easy-glide colors.Promising review: "I decided to look for a waterproof eyeliner because my allergies are so bad, and I kept wiping off my eyeliner during the day while trying to keep my eyes dry. Plus, I was getting ready for a trip that would take me to a very humid climate, and I still wanted to wear eyeliner while looking like a sweaty mess. Stila produces some great cosmetics, and I decided to give this one a try. It works perfectly. It goes on smooth and wet, allowing you to manipulate and fix smudges as needed, and then it dries and will not come off until you use makeup remover. It lasts through sweat, watery eyes, and rain." —April in California
Get it from Amazon for $21.35+ (available in five colors) or from Ulta for $22 (available in nine colors).
The Elizavecca Cer-100 collagen-coating hair protein treatment has been quietly making a name for itself on Amazon and now has over 35,000 5-star reviews and tons of promising reviews. A combination of ceramides and collagen claims to restore damaged hair, fight frizz, and, according to several reviewers, leave hair silky and smooth even in humid climates.
Get it from Amazon for $7.40.
Smashbox's Photo Finish Control mattifying primer promises to keep oily skin matte by creating a breathable and lightweight barrier between skin and makeup. The silky smooth, skin-perfecting, and budge-proof base contains skin-defenders like antioxidants, vitamins, and prebiotics, while witch hazel and salicylic acid control oil production.Promising review: "I have tried almost every primer on the market. This one far exceeded my expectations. I have oily skin. This product controls the shine and makes my skin feel like silk. I’m super impressed." —Amazon Customer
Get it from Amazon for $16+ (available in two sizes) or in a travel size from Ulta for $16.
Tame unruly flyaways and achieve sleek and slicked-back hairstyles that stay with this moisturizing styling wax that closely resembles a more expensive version by Bed Head. This wax stick contains nourishing avocado oil, protective vitamin E, and castor oil to help prevent split ends and improve overall hair health. Promising review: "This is legit the best for a slicked-back bun. It instantly makes my hair look put together and professional. It takes two seconds to run it over my hair, and it stays slicked back all day (even in this 95-degree weather). It’s so effortless, and I always get compliments on my slicked-back bun and what I use to keep it neat. You don’t need a lot, so I feel like this will last forever, but I will be repurchasing. Much better and more effective than hair spray. Wish I had found this sooner." —Jessica
Get it from Amazon for $7.99+ (available in two sizes and multi-packs).
This styling hair mist by Dae combines protection from heat damage with frizz control and an all-day flexible hold for hairstyles that is very different from traditional stiff hairsprays. It features an infusion of nourishing prickly pear seed oil, reparative moringa leaf, and agave extract.Promising review: "Usually don’t like to spend this much on hair products, but the fine mist makes it amazing and long-lasting. I love this stuff - heat protectant, and it helps a lot with frizz without being oily (Eva NYC is so oily). It’s worth the $$." —Mhart
Get it from Amazon for $30.
This Paula's Choice moisturizer aims to rehydrate and plump parched skin and replenish electrolytes after losing vital hydration and nutrients from sweating. In terms of feel, the brand claims it's nothing short of refreshing, airy, and lightweight.
Get it from Paula's Choice for $13+ (available in two sizes).
The reviews for this post have been edited for length and clarity.