“She is somebody that I'm always going to look up to no matter what it is in life,” Chiles tells PEOPLE and other reporters of Biles
Carmen Mandato/Getty
 Jordan Chiles is so proud of her teammate Simone Biles.

 After Day 2 of the 2024 U.S. Olympic Gymnastics Trials in Minneapolis, the gymnast tells PEOPLE and other reporters how she feels about ranking second, so far, in the all-around standings, only behind Biles, a seven-time Olympic medalist.

 "I love it. The last time it was like that was back [at the U.S. Classic]," Chiles, 23, says on Friday, June 28, referring to the 2021 competition in Indianapolis where she finished second behind Biles, 27.

 "This feels like we're doing this all over again because we are, so I'm very proud of her," Chiles adds, nodding to the current standings, with Biles in first (58.900) points and Chiles close behind (56.400).

Jamie Squire/Getty
 “She is somebody that I'm always going to look up to no matter what it is in life — whether it's gymnastics [or] just life in general,” Chiles continues.

 Chiles, who won a silver medal at the 2020 Tokyo Olympic Games as part of the U.S. gymnastics team, also says Biles has been a role model for her.

 "She's somebody that I definitely have tried to follow [in her] footsteps and she's done magnificent,” she explains. “So I'm very proud of her and to be behind her. It just makes me feel more confident."

 The U.S. team will be determined on June 30, when the trials end.

Elsa/Getty
 Chiles also emphasizes how she remembers to have fun in a stressful environment — and her method is super relatable.

 "This morning it was a little rough during our practice and I was like, 'What am I doing? I'm overthinking. I'm stressing too much. Why am I doing that?' " she says.

 "So the whole time while I was getting ready, we were vibing, we were listening to music," Chiles tells PEOPLE and other reporters, naming Megan Thee Stallion, Beyoncé and GloRilla as her go-to artists at the moment. "I was like, 'OK, you know what? If these girls can slay like this, I can go out there and slay like them.' "

 Chiles previously told PEOPLE about her namesake, NBA legend Michael Jordan. The Olympian's mom, Gina, was always a huge fan of Jordan, 61: "She felt the inspiration that he gave to her, and that was just a really huge and beautiful thing."

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 "She just decided, 'You know what? I'm going to make my child after him and see where life takes her,' " Chiles said.

 She's hoping to meet the NBA icon someday for a full-circle moment.

 "I'm crossing my fingers that I'll actually be able to meet him and just get his advice for being somebody that looks up to him, what he gives out," she added.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)