Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

He will receive the Isabella Blow Award for Fashion Creator at London's Royal Albert Hall on Dec. 2. 
London/China Market Editor

	American photographer Tyler Mitchell has been named the recipient of the Isabella Blow Award for Fashion Creator at this year’s Fashion Awards, slated for Dec. 2 at the Royal Albert Hall in London.

	The 29-year-old artist, who rose to fame for shooting Beyoncé for the cover of the September issue of American Vogue in 2018, has since introduced new narratives about beauty and desire to an industry that’s traditionally heavily dominated by white, male photographers.

	Mitchell also works with AnOther Magazine, Dazed, i-D, Interview Magazine, M Le Monde and more for editorial projects, and has collaborated with brands including Ferragamo, Gucci, JW Anderson, Loewe, Louis Vuitton and Wales Bonner on ad campaigns.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Designer and Luxury
	



	
			Brunello Cucinelli to Receive Outstanding Achievement Award at Fashion Awards 2025	
			













	People
	



	
			Best Dressed at the 2024 Fashion Awards	
			








	His images have been acquired for several private and public collections as well, including The Museum of Modern Art in New York, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and the National Portrait Gallery in London. He has participated in solo and group exhibitions in galleries worldwide.




			You May Also Like		






	To be honored for his contribution to fashion, photography, and culture, Mitchell said the recognition resonates deeply with him.

	“It affirms the necessity and power of storytelling through the beautiful marriage of image-making and fashion. And it affirms the importance of creating spaces where new voices and visions can flourish. This award is a reminder that fashion is not just about what we wear, but about how we see ourselves and the world,” he added.

	Caroline Rush, chief executive officer at the British Fashion Council, described Mitchell’s work as “incredibly innovative and progressive, telling the authentic and nuanced stories of those from Black identities.”

	“Always ahead of the curve, he consistently challenges the industry’s perceptions of beauty and fashion imagery — striving to make it more reflective of real life. We look forward to celebrating with him in December,” added Rush.

	The Isabella Blow Award for Fashion Creator is meant to recognize innovators and creatives in fashion who have helped to change the fashion landscape. Previous winners include Campbell Addy, Ib Kamara, Katie Grand, Amanda Harlech, Mert & Marcus, Nick Knight, Pat McGrath, Louise Wilson and Sam McKnight. 

The Fashion Awards is the primary fundraiser of the BFC Foundation, which aims to support the future growth and success of the British fashion industry by focusing on education, grant-giving and business mentoring.

	Having unveiled recipients for the Special Recognition Award, which goes to Sophia Neophitou-Apostolou of 10 Magazine, and the Isabella Blow Award for Fashion Creator, more designer nominations and award announcements, such as the Trailblazer Award and the Leader of Change Award, are expected to be revealed in the coming months, leading up to the main event, which counts Pandora as a headline sponsor.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.