Beyoncé will perform during the halftime show of the Houston Texans and Baltimore Ravens game airing live Dec. 25 on Netflix
Jack Irvin has over five years of experience working in digital journalism, and he’s worked at PEOPLE since 2022. Jack started in the industry with internships at Rolling Stone and Entertainment Tonight, and he worked as a writer for publications including Bustle, MTV News, Shondaland, L’Officiel USA, Ladygunn, Flood and PopCrush before joining PEOPLE. In his current role, Jack covers daily music news and has interviewed both up-and-coming and established artists including Dolly Parton, Michelle Branch, Ashanti, Cyndi Lauper, Normani, Carly Rae Jepsen and Coco Jones.
Nina Westervelt/WWD via Getty
 Netflix's recent live-streamed Mike Tyson and Jake Paul boxing match on Nov. 15 faced glitches, leading a Florida man to reportedly file a class action lawsuit alleging breach of contract and deceptive actions.

 Beyoncé's upcoming halftime show at the Houston Texans and Baltimore Ravens game on Christmas, which will also air live on the service, however, will be glitch-free — according to her mom, Tina Knowles.

 "Everything's going to be good," the Matriarch author told TMZ this week. "God is going to be there."

Kevin Mazur/Getty
 On Nov. 18, Beyoncé was announced as the halftime show performer for the game at NRG Stadium in her Houston hometown, which will be streamed as part of Netflix's first-ever NFL Christmas Gameday in addition to the Kansas City Chiefs and Pittsburgh Steelers game.

 Upon the live sporting event's announcement, some prospective viewers began wondering if Netflix would be able to handle the expectedly high viewership following the glitches during the Tyson-Paul match, which more than 100 million people watched worldwide.

 Ronald “Blue” Denton of Florida's Hillsborough County didn't seem to agree it was successful, as he claimed the experience led to "over 100,000 people complaining online" about "streaming glitches and buffering issues," according to WFLA, a local NBC affiliate.

Phillip Faraone/Getty; Alexander Tamargo/Getty
 A few days after the Tyson-Paul match, ultimately won by Paul, Netflix wrote on Instagram, "Jake Paul vs Mike Tyson makes history with over 108 Million LIVE global viewers!"

 The platform noted that the fight was "the most-streamed global sporting event ever."

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories. 

Kevin Mazur/WireImage
 NPR reportered a Netflix spokesperson said the company is confident about its ability to handle the NFL Christmas Gameday viewership and "working with internet service provider partners to grow its interconnection capabilities."

 Beyoncé's halftime show will likely mark the first live performances of tracks from her Cowboy Carter album. Earlier this month, she earned 11 Grammy nominations for the album and its songs.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)