ByLilian Raji
ByLilian Raji,
 Contributor. 
STOCKHOLM, SWEDEN - MAY 10:  (Editorial Use Only) (Exclusive Coverage)  Beyoncé performs onstage ... More during the opening night of the “RENAISSANCE WORLD TOUR” at Friends Arena on May 10, 2023 in Stockholm, Sweden. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Parkwood)
Vanessa Friedman, Chief Fashion Critic of The New York Times, revealed in a recent email newsletter her exclusion from Oscar de la Renta’s 2025 pre-spring collection. Discovering the event had happened through TikTok clips, Friedman reached out to Alex Bolen, CEO of Oscar de la Renta, to understand why she wasn’t invited to the show.
Bolen’s response highlighted a significant change in Oscar de la Renta’s media strategy: “I don’t much see the point of engaging with the fashion press when they require a different show than what we require to bring to our customers,” he told her. “I don’t know that having the press advances our business interest. We don’t really engage with magazines at this point. We don’t have editors in to try to convince them to pull clothes. It’s not our priority. We want to focus on our customers and inspire them to buy.”
Ms. Friedman’s newsletter arrived just as I was welcomed as a new contributor at Forbes for this column. Here, I explore how luxury brands inspire the luxury consumers’ passionate pursuit of luxury through CMO and marketing leader interviews as well as examination of market trends, the psychology of luxury consumers, successful luxury brand strategies and brand transformations. Having spent the past two decades working with both press and luxury brands, this strategy shift at Oscar de la Renta provided the perfect starting point for my new column.
LOS ANGELES, CA - DECEMBER 03:  Entertainer Beyonce performs on stage during "The Mrs. Carter Show ... More World Tour" at the Staples Center on December 3, 2013 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Larry Busacca/PW/WireImage for Parkwood Entertainment)
The “Beyoncé strategy,” as Friedman dubbed it, is becoming a norm among luxury brands. This approach bypasses traditional media, allowing brands to control their narrative and engage directly with their audience through platforms like TikTok. Popularized by celebrities, this strategy is now being adopted by luxury brands to connect more authentically with their customers.
To gain more insight, I reached out to media and PR professionals about this new trend that sidesteps media relations, also known as publicity. Alise Edgcomb, managing director and head of public relations at Chicago Atlantic, pointed out that PR isn’t just about publicity.
“With a little foresight, ODLR could’ve had esteemed press like Ms. Friedman attend as a valuable part of its loyal audience, and shown her the story of how a heritage brand is connecting directly with their customer, how fashion no longer needs a six-month incubation period,” Edgcomb said. This approach could have yielded high-level media coverage to complement their existing direct-to-consumer strategies.
Effective storytelling remains at the heart of luxury marketing. It justifies premium pricing and differentiates the brand from lower-priced competitors. Without a compelling narrative, a brand risks competing solely on price. For luxury goods, this is a non-starter.
Only emotionally rich storytelling can persuade a consumer to think beyond price. When a brand’s story connects with something more meaningful to a customer than just an object’s price tag, that meaning takes precedence. The pursuit of that object — without consideration of price — then becomes justified in the customer’s mind.
Vanessa Coppes, CEO of BELLA Media + Co. and owner of four glossy magazines, highlighted the role of magazines in a brand’s storytelling ecosystem.
“Our success in remaining relevant ties into a 360-degree approach to our editorial,” Coppes explained. “Our events bring brands and their consumers together, where our brand partners benefit most and see their ROI.”
In this, brands add an additional layer to their storytelling methods. Events offer immersive, sensory experiences for consumers to be further convinced a brand resonates with their values. As Coppes sees it, creating events with a magazine exposes the brand to new customers they may have otherwise not reached.
Reflecting on the industry’s evolution, Megan O’Brien, a writer and publicist, had a different perspective. Getting a client into top publications no longer guarantees maximized sell-through rates.
“When I used to get a client into People magazine (like 18+ years ago), they’d sell $200,000 of merchandise, whether it be handbags or beauty products. Recently, I had a client in People, and they sold like 15 pieces. I’ve heard even Oprah’s O Magazine isn’t even that much of a game changer. Online killed traditional press and the return is not there anymore.”
But public relations has always been more than publicity. Seeing a brand featured in a major publication is only the end result of a series of complex strategy. The end goal of an effective PR strategy is in communicating with a target audience in a way that aligns to their values. A robust strategy must encompass earned, owned, and paid media, alongside strong efforts to build a brand community. This is the winning formula for a brand to gain comprehensive visibility alongside reputation management.
“Any PR practitioner placing all their weight in earned media is losing,” Ms. Edgcomb cautioned. “It has a purpose but only works alongside owned media and heavy brand community work. The broader questions PR must solve for are reputational in nature: Who matters to your brand, what do they know of you, what do they think of you, what happens when they look for you, and what do they tell people about you when you leave the room?”
Despite declining impact, Karen Kiki Carrillo Barrios, director of Kiki Allan Consultancy, insists the ROI value of traditional media is still significant. “Customers keep checking online magazines like Vogue and Elle to see what’s trending. There’s a need to keep those online channels open.”
While direct engagement is becoming more popular with brands, media relations still holds value. Integrating press into events can provide high-level coverage to complement direct strategies. Inviting publications to events and maintaining communication with editors enhances brand visibility and engagement, particularly to a yet untapped audience that follows editors and journalists on social media.
WEST HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA - JUNE 09: Heidi Klum attends ELLE Women in Music Celebrates Doja Cat ... More presented by Dolce & Gabbana at Olivetta on June 09, 2022 in West Hollywood, California. (Photo by Jerritt Clark/Getty Images for ELLE Magazine)
And yet, fashion editors are no longer the ultimate style arbiters. There are more powerful gatekeepers working alongside the media, declared Jenny Davis, J.D., Professor of Practice, Fashion Media, in the Department of Journalism at Southern Methodist University. Fashion stylists now influence brand choices for celebrities and high-net-worth individuals. These new gatekeepers may, in fact, be more valuable than directly courting traditional media.
“You are seeing more and more stylists in the front rows, especially celebrity stylists,” noted Davis. “Celebrity culture, especially shared through social media, sells clothes and builds brands. Celebrity stylists are the ones who build their clients into fashion icons and keep the looks coming. It's Zendaya, as styled by Law Roach, who's launching fashion trends, not Vogue or W.”
A brand, favored by stylists working with high profile celebrities and high visibility socialites, gets the double win of media exposure and new private clients. Media alone may introduce a brand to a consumer, but the right stylist directly turns that consumer into a paying client.
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MAY 06: Zendaya attends The 2024 Met Gala Celebrating "Sleeping Beauties: ... More Reawakening Fashion" at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 06, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images)
Whatever the changing relationship brands have with media, public relations will always remain critical to a company’s operations. With the rise of social media influencers, agile response to influencer dynamics has become more important than ever. PR teams must still be available and prepared to protect the brand’s integrity from misrepresentation by influencers.
“I would love the brands to know how important it is to act on time when a Tik Tok influencer jeopardizes your brand and DNA when talking badly about your brand or behaving in a way that compromises the future of it,” posited Barrios. “That’s when our role is considered grateful.”
Such was the case with L’Oreal, when it pursued a strategy to expand its footprints in China by partnering with mega-influencers Austin Li Jiaqi and Wei Ya for a promotion during the busiest shopping day in China, the annual November 11 “Single’s Day” event. This day has been known to deliver sales in China four times the amount spent in the United States during the entire Black Friday to Cyber Monday period.
With an audience in the tens of millions, China’s “lipstick king” Austin Li Jiaqi promised viewers of his ecommerce livestream they were getting the best price for a L’Oreal product exclusively through his show – only to discover an even cheaper price was being offered on the L’Oreal Tmall storefront. The backlash was swift, leaving L’Oreal issuing two separate apologies for the error as Li Jiaqi vowed never to work with the brand again.
In the end, the “Beyoncé strategy” will only take you so far when you need an objective voice to vouch for you after a PR crisis. Brands following this strategy will change their tune should they find themselves in the midst of a public backlash and need journalists they once shunned to now tell their side of the story.
“I'm not at all surprised that a business leader wants to focus on the things they can directly correlate to sales,” mused Gini Dietrich, CEO and Founder of Arment Dietrich and Spin Sucks, in response to Ms. Friedman’s experience. “We're going to have a reckoning in a few years when they realize that the things they've ignored — brand awareness, trust, reputation, authority— are the reason they're no longer on the radar. Until then, we have to bide our time.”