By LILLIAN GISSEN FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:12, 22 April 2024   |  Updated:  22:48, 22 April 2024   
 729
View  comments
An author is being slammed online after sensationally branding Taylor Swift a 'billionaire racist' and a 'Nazi Barbie' - while complaining that none of the 31 'vapid, rotted' songs on her new album The Tortured Poets Department were about Palestine.
The Cruel Summer songstress, 34, left her longtime fans ecstatic when she released her latest LP The Tortured Poets Department on Friday - and announced two hours later that it was actually a double album and would feature an additional 16 songs.
But one woman, a writer named Vanessa Angélica Villarreal, from Texas, was not pleased with the singer's new work - and took to X, formerly Twitter, to criticize her.
Vanessa bashed Taylor for using the word 'torture' in her album title during 'a genocide' and for not mentioning the ongoing conflict in Palestine.
An author is being slammed online after she called Taylor Swift a 'billionaire racist' and 'Nazi Barbie' - while complaining that none of the songs on her new album were about Palestine
The Cruel Summer songstress, 34, left her longtime fans ecstatic when she released her latest LP The Tortured Poets Department on Friday
 But one woman, a writer named Vanessa Angélica Villarreal, from Texas , was not pleased with the singer's new work - and took to X, formerly Twitter, to criticize her
Vanessa bashed Taylor for using the word 'torture' in her album title during 'a genocide' and for not mentioning the ongoing conflict in Palestine
She also described the LP as a '31 vapid, rotted songs about a racist dude' - seemingly referring to Matty Healy, who previously dated the musician and is said to be the muse for many of the new songs
She also described the LP as a '31 vapid, rotted songs about a racist dude' - seemingly referring to Matty Healy, who previously dated the musician and is said to be the muse for many of the new songs.
'If you like Taylor Swift, we have nothing in common,' Vanessa wrote. 'She’s a billionaire racist who uses the word "torture" as a metaphor during a genocide. 
'31 vapid, rotted songs about a racist dude, nothing about Palestine. As we watch real torture, Nazi Barbie wants to live in the 1830s. Bye.'
In January 2023, 1975 singer Matty was accused of being 'racist' after he made controversial remarks about Ice Spice's ethnicity.
He called the rapper, who is Nigerian and Dominican descent, an 'Inuit spice girl' and a 'chubby Chinese lady.'
Vanessa's comments were met with fierce criticism from Taylor's fans, with one person calling it a 'pathetic attempt to grasp for clout' and a 'baseless, libelous rant.'
'Why the f**k would she write about Palestine? And how is she supposedly racist? I hope that she sues you for baseless, libelous rant,' they wrote. 'What a pathetic attempt to grasp for clout.'
But Vanessa fired back and said she wasn't 'asking Taylor to write songs about Palestine.'
Vanessa's comments were met with fierce criticism from Taylor's fans, with one person calling it a 'pathetic attempt to grasp for clout' and a 'baseless, libelous rant'
Vanessa added in another tweet, 'To not adamantly, unequivocally refuse and denounce that complicity, even just to ignore it, is to implicitly consent to commit it'
In more posts, Vanessa claimed it was 'apparent that Taylor doesn't even read,' while slamming her for referring to herself as a 'tortured poet' throughout the album
'Oh I don't hate Taylor, I hate everything she stands for and benefits from,' she insisted in a different tweet. 'I hate how low the bar is for art and artistic integrity'
'I'm saying she'll devote all this energy to writing songs about an on-record racist dude on her enormous platform but say nothing about genocide,' she said. 
She also said she was so passionate about the subject because her own dad was a 'legendary Mexican musician' who 'ran circles talent-wise around Taylor,' but that 'no one knows his name.' Her dad is pictured
'We are all experiencing genocide right now, and we are experiencing it as complicity aggressors,' Vanessa added in another tweet.
'To not adamantly, unequivocally refuse and denounce that complicity, even just to ignore it, is to implicitly consent to commit it. You are excusing genocide apologia.'
In more posts, Vanessa claimed it was 'apparent that Taylor doesn't even read,' while slamming her for referring to herself as a 'tortured poet' throughout the album.
'Oh I don't hate Taylor, I hate everything she stands for and benefits from,' she insisted in a different tweet, before calling out the singer for her failure to publicly voice support for a particular Presidential candidate - or political party. 
'I hate her bulls**t sellout art and apolitical good girl silence being seen as radical when she's a status quo billionaire. I hate how low the bar is for art and artistic integrity.'
Thousands of dedicated Swifties flooded Vanessa with angry messages in response to her nasty comments
'Your book will sell a total of six copies exclusively to family,' a different user replied, referring to Vanessa's upcoming tome, Magical/Realism: Essays on Music, Memory, Fantasy, and Borders (seen), which is set to be released next month 
She also said she was so passionate about the subject because her own dad was a 'legendary Mexican musician' who 'ran circles talent-wise around Taylor,' but that 'no one knows his name.' 
Thousands of dedicated Swifties flooded Vanessa with angry messages in response to her nasty comments.
'Girl shut up you're so dramatic. Chill out,' one wrote. Another said, 'Stay mad and miserable.'
'Instead of typing out this essay, what have YOU done to help out Palestine? Hmm?' asked someone else.
'And why are you looking towards celebrities instead of politicians to do something? You want her to sing away the genocide or what?'
'Seriously, log off and grow up,' read a fourth scathing tweet. A fifth said, 'You sound absolutely miserable and pathetic.' 
'Your book will sell a total of six copies exclusively to family,' a different user replied, referring to Vanessa's upcoming tome, Magical/Realism: Essays on Music, Memory, Fantasy, and Borders, which is set to be released next month.
'I like Taylor Swift, and I'm a poet, and I'm half Palestinian, and very actively participate in political activism within my community to fight for my people,' someone else shared. 
Writer, poet, and essayist Vanessa has won numerous awards for her work, including the 2021 National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship in Creative Writing and the 2019 Whiting Award
She currently lives in Los Angeles and is studying to get her English Literature and Creative Writing doctorate at the University of Southern California
'So we actually have a lot in common. I hope you can let go of this hatred and wretched view of the world, truly.'
Writer, poet, and essayist Vanessa has won numerous awards for her work, including the 2021 National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship in Creative Writing and the 2019 Whiting Award.
She currently lives in Los Angeles and is studying to get her English Literature and Creative Writing doctorate at the University of Southern California.
Vanessa, a single mom to one son, released her first book, Beast Meridia, in 2017.
Her upcoming tome is described as a 'brilliant, singular collection of essays that looks to music, fantasy, and pop culture - from Beyoncé to Game of Thrones - to excavate and reimagine what has been disappeared by migration and colonialism.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group