Celebrity ambassadors are good things to have. Especially for fashion and beauty labels. The star power helps consumers connect with the product or products being featured in advertising campaigns. Practically every single fashion house has at least one or two. Louis Vuitton has Emma Stone and Jennifer Connelly. Christian Dior has Jennifer Lawrence on its impressive roster. Kristen Stewart supports Chanel. Zoë Kravitz serves double duty appearing in ads for both Saint Laurent and its beauty line YSL Beauty. Every member of Blackpink is affiliated with a big brand proving their popularity. Lisa reps Celine, Jennie is linked to Chanel, Rosé is aligned with Saint Laurent and Jisoo teamed up with Dior.
Tiffany & Co. is certainly no exception. The renowned jeweler has enlisted Anya Taylor-Joy, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Blackpink's Rosé, Florence Pugh and even Beyoncé to represent the storied jewelry maker. So when we learned that Tiffany & Co. was rolling out a new advertising campaign, we couldn't wait to see who will be the face(s) of the new set of ads.
This time around, however, the jeweler opted out of using its ambassadors and decided to let the jewels really shine. The new With Love, Since 1837 advertising campaign is "a celebration of love, craft and heritage."
The ads are actually inspired by famous Tiffany & Co. window designer Gene Moore showcasing "the untold stories" of some of the brand's biggest collections, including Lock, T, Knot, HardWear, Sixteen Stone and the Tiffany Setting. "Lock is a timeless icon inspired by a brooch from 1883, for instance, while the HardWear collection's pure, bold forms reference a Tiffany bracelet from 1962." It's kind of nice to see window displays without the term "holiday" in front of them.
Captured by photographer and director Dan Tobin Smith, the ads took plenty of planning to pull off. Set designer Rachel Thomas helped erect the "larger-than-life set" in London. There were miniature and oversize scale models to create the perfect perspectives. Now when you look at the advertising campaign, you probably assume that there's a whole lot of postproduction effects going on. But you'd be wrong. The effects come courtesy of complex and intricate illusions caught on camera with the assistance of animated projections serving as backdrops. They even generated smoke to produce the illusion of physical clouds.
The result is magical. The featured pieces are definitely the stars. While the scale models and Tiffany blue backdrops should be appreciated, it's the bling that really stands out. Which is exactly what the brand was going for.
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved