Heading into 2025, “Bling Empire: New York” star and jewelry designer Lynn Ban is feeling “grateful and blessed” after  her life almost changed “in a blink of an eye.”
The reality TV personality, 51, disclosed Monday that she underwent emergency brain surgery after a skiing accident on Christmas Eve. Ban detailed the accident and the subsequent chain of events on Instagram. She shared photos of her shaved head and her postoperation scar, plus pictures from her family vacation in Aspen, Colo. 
Ban wrote that she “face planted” after she reached the top of a mountain. She said she was wearing a helmet at the time of the accident and was able to ski down the mountain. After the fall, Ban said ski patrol checked her for a concussion and eventually cleared her. However, a headache gave her pause. Ban wrote that she sought  a paramedic, who suggested she go to the hospital for a CT scan. 
“This saved my life,” she wrote. 
 California 
EMTs and hospital staff confirm they are seeing a rise in the number and severity of ski injuries. Among the reasons they cite: the rise of selfie culture and a recklessness that set in post-pandemic. 
Ban said she learned she had a brain bleed and needed to be airlifted to a trauma hospital for her injury. “Last thing I remember was being intubated and waking up after an emergency craniotomy” with partner Jett Kain at her side. 
Ban made her “Bling Empire: New York” debut in January 2023, when the “Bling Empire” spinoff premiered on Netflix. The streaming giant canceled both series last year. Beyond TV, Ban is known for her jewelry line and work with artists who include Rihanna, Beyoncé, Lady Gaga, Kendrick Lamar and Post Malone, according to her website. 
Ban concluded her Instagram post by acknowledging that “there’s a long road of recovery ahead” and referred to herself a “survivor.” She also expressed gratitude to the ski patrol, medical team and family and friends who supported her during her accident. 
“GOD IS GOOD,” she wrote. 
 Movies 
Gal Gadot said she endured weeks of headaches that confined her to bed before learning she had a ‘massive’ blood clot in her brain. Emergency surgery ensued.
Follow Us
Alexandra Del Rosario is an entertainment reporter on the Los Angeles Times Fast Break Desk. Before The Times, she was a television reporter at Deadline Hollywood, where she first served as an associate editor. She has written about a wide range of topics including TV ratings, casting and development, video games and AAPI representation. Del Rosario is a UCLA graduate and also worked at the Hollywood Reporter and TheWrap.
 California 
 California 
 California 
 Sports 
 Music 
 Books 
 Entertainment & Arts 
 Music 
Subscribe for unlimited accessSite Map
Follow Us
MORE FROM THE L.A. TIMES