Naturi Naughton-Lewis met her real-life husband through her on-screen husband, Omari Hardwick
Dominik Bindl/WireImage
 Naturi Naughton-Lewis never expected to meet her husband through her on-screen husband, but that was exactly what happened for the singer and actress.

 When Omari Hardwick, Naughton’s costar on Power, introduced her to his manager, Two Lewis, it was from a professional standpoint as he and Naughton were recording music together at the time. But an undeniable bond formed between Lewis and Naughton, and a few years later, they were married.

 Now, they’re enjoying their life together as a family after welcoming a son together in 2023 and raising Naughton’s daughter from a previous marriage.

 "Two is literally the man of my dreams. I think he is God's way of showing me that I can find love again," Naughton shared with Brides magazine in 2022.

 Lewis expressed similar gratitude in a 2023 interview with BET.

 “My son was the greatest gift that I could have gotten. My wife, my lil Zuri and Tru are the greatest gifts I could ever have," he said.

 So, who is Naturi Naughton-Lewis' husband? Here is everything to know about Two Lewis and his relationship with the actress.

John Nacion/Getty
 Lewis got his start in the entertainment industry working as an intern at the record label So So Def, where he later worked in the A&R division, which helps foster artists' growth. He went on to do the same work at Virgin Records, Island Def Jam before he became the marketing director at Us Records and later, J Records, according to his website.

 He now leads Owner’s District Management, an entertainment agency he founded, where he manages talent including actor and recording artist Hardwick and musician Marco McKinnis.

 Lewis also founded the nonprofit Track Georgia, a youth and college prep track team in his home state of Georgia aimed at helping kids “get on track in life” through after-school programs, mentoring, summer camps and athletics.

Naturi Naughton Instagram
 Lewis’ work in the music business falls in line with his family history. In an interview with Voyage ATL, he revealed that the notable 1950s singer and songwriter writer Titus Turner is his uncle, and that songwriter and producer Sean Garrett is his cousin.

 Turner was known for penning songs like “Leave My Kitten Alone,” which he co-wrote and which was subsequently covered by artists like Elvis Costello and The Beatles.

 Sean Garrett is known for his work with artists like Nicki Minaj, Beyoncé, Britney Spears and The Pussycat Dolls. In his career, Garrett has produced several chart-topping singles like “Yeah!” by Usher, Lil Jon and Ludacris, “Goodies” by Ciara, and “Lose My Breath” by Destiny’s Child.

 Naughton got started early in the music industry herself as part of the girl group 3LW, and has since maintained a career as a solo artist.

Paras Griffin/Getty
 It was Naughton’s on-screen husband in Power, Hardwick, that actually introduced her to her real-life husband.

 Hardwick is managed by Lewis under his company Owner’s District Management and the pair first met when Hardwick introduced his co-star to his manager during a night spent at a recording studio in New York City.

 "I never imagined that one random night in [New York] would change my life so much," Naughton told Essence magazine in a December 2020 interview, speaking of the time she first met her husband.

 "I had no idea I was about to meet the best teammate ever. Omari Hardwick and I were recording a song together and Omari was like, 'Oh, you gotta meet my people.' On that night, I met this kind, handsome, southern gentleman who would love me like I've never been loved."

 "From that point on, we talked every day, quietly dated and fell in love," she continued. "Thank you, TV hubby, for introducing me to my future hubby!"

 Their serendipitous meeting is only intensified by the fact that Naughton almost didn’t get the role of Tasha St. Patrick in Power, as she shared with PEOPLE in 2020.

 "It was not easy," Naughton said of fighting for the part. "They did not see me as mature enough for the role of Tasha because she was written to be five years older."

Naturi Naughton Instagram
 While Naughton and Lewis immediately clicked upon meeting, they took their time in getting to know one another before officially entering into a relationship.

 Speaking to Brides magazine, Naughton shared that their first date was at the Royal Palms Shuffleboard Club in Brooklyn.

 "We had so much fun," she said, adding, "I won by the way."

 A year later, Lewis decided to take a leap and ask Naughton to be his girlfriend.

 "Two actually asked me to be his girlfriend by way of a billboard in Times Square. I looked up and it said, 'Naturi, will you be my girlfriend?' I was in awe,” Naughton told Brides. “Every step of the way, he had a plan. That's what I love about him."

Naturi Naughton Instagram
 To continue with the tradition, Lewis planned a big surprise to propose to Naughton. Two days before Christmas in 2021, he popped the question with Naughton’s family present and even made sure to include special touches for Zuri, Naughton’s daughter from a previous relationship.

 The actress said she was under the impression that she was walking into a holiday photo shoot for herself, Lewis and her daughter.

 "I just think we're doing a photo shoot for the holidays. Next thing I know, music starts playing, my family strolls in, Mickey, Goofy, and all the Disney characters Zuri loves walk in too, and he's down on one knee,” she told Brides magazine.

 “He proposed to me with a gorgeous Neil Lane ring, and then he proposed to my daughter with a small ruby ring, which is her birthstone. The fact that he was so committed to our relationship and all of our bond was really special,” she added.

 The actress also shared pictures of her engagement ring on Instagram, writing, "Yup! I get to marry my best friend!"

Naturi Naughton Instagram
 Naughton and Lewis got married in Lewis’ hometown of Atlanta on April 2, 2022.

 Naughton wore a sparkling gown from Berta for the ceremony and Lewis walked down the aisle in a custom cream suit by Ozwald Boateng, Gucci shoes and a purple bowtie and boutonnière, according to Brides.

 Lewis said a prayer with his groomsmen before the ceremony began, while Naughton got ready with her bridal party, which included her daughter Zuri, who was the flower girl, as well as LaLa Anthony, who caught the bouquet later that evening.

 The ceremony was officiated by singer Montell Jordan, and singer Mul-Ty and saxophonist Michael Phillips performed during the ceremony. R&B singer Tevin Campbell performed at both the ceremony and the reception, playing his hit single “Can We Talk” for the guests.

 Other notable guests included the Real Housewives of Atlanta's Shamea Morton, actress Danielle Brooks and actor Brett Gray.

Naturi Naughton Instagram
 On May 27, 2023, Naughton and Lewis welcomed their son, Tru Xavier Naughton Lewis.

 Naughton is also a mom to Zuri, and while talking to BET for Father’s Day in 2023, the music executive shared how happy the little girl was to become a big sister.

 “Zuri is over the moon. When she wakes up, she goes right into his room. She wants to feed him. She wants to hold him. She wants to change him. She wants to do everything,” he said.

 Lewis also opened up about his big feelings surrounding having a son with Naughton.

 “When I found out I was having a little boy, it was a feeling that I can't even explain. I was still on the high of just getting married. It was just such a surreal, amazing feeling,” he said. “To finally get married and then have my kid [with] the person of my dreams, in full partnership, was an amazing feeling.”

 He also shared details about how the couple had landed on Tru's name and the special meaning behind it.

 "We actually went through a lot of different names. When Naturi looked up the meaning of Tru, we discovered it meant 'fully realized or fulfilled, and that dreams come true.' " he told BET, adding, "That is what we stand for. It's as if our lives and our legacy together have been fully realized in another human form."

 Naughton, meanwhile, spoke with PEOPLE in February 2023 when she announced that she and Lewis were expecting their first child together, sharing her delight at the happy news.

 "When I found out, I was shooting a movie and still on a high from my wedding, so it felt like the perfect way to start a new chapter with my hubby,” she said.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)