Catfish and the Bottlemen have been mocked by the public for their choice of stadiums for next year's tour.
The band confirmed they would play two dates in August 2025 in a post to their Twitter /X account. With Van McCann and the rest of Catfish and the Bottlemen confirming dates at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff and Tottenham Hotspur Stadium in London, the "jokes write themselves" according to one post.
Holding a gig at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium led to a comparison of the band's name to the form of the London-based team over the past decade. Football fans have frequently referred to the squad as bottle jobs, and the jokes since then have been as expected.
"THE BOTTLEMEN PLAYING AT SPURS," one user posted, with a GIF of Homer Simpson doubled over laughing. Another user referenced September 15 as a date for the "Bottlemen," but was referring to the North London Derby between Arsenal and Tottenham that day. A third joked: "Catfish and The Bottlemen at the Tottenham stadium HAD to be on purpose it’s too perfect."
"Something really really funny about The Bottlemen playing at Spurs’ stadium," another wrote. Some users believe Catfish and the Bottlemen will follow the trend of failing Tottenham Hotspur teams and fail to meet high expectations for the tour. One wrote: "Wish I was as confident as these lot thinking they can even get close to selling out a 60,000+ capacity stadium."
Another added: "I’m going to be bold here and suggest that Catfish and the Bottlemen aren’t Beyoncé and should, for want of a better term, consider pubs or an 02 Academy." The band's return has seen a series of festival date announcements including a headline slot at Leeds Festival. But two dates at the Principality in Wales Cardiff and Spurs' football stadium has been described as a "shambles".
"No new music and no chance they sell these out, shambles," one fan wrote. Another added: "The jokes write themselves. Tottenham Hotspur stadium hosting the Bottlemen." One user predicted: "This is going to be embarrassingly undersold."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.