ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
PASADENA, CA - SEPTEMBER 22:  Beyonce performs onstage during the 'On The Run II' Tour' at Rose Bowl ... More on September 22, 2018 in Pasadena, California.  (Photo by Larry Busacca/PW18/Getty Images for Parkwood Entertainment)
Beyoncé dominates the Hot 100 this week with songs from her new album Cowboy Carter. As tunes from her first country project claim nearly one-quarter of the entire ranking of the most-consumed cuts in the nation, the singer blows past some of the biggest names in music history, thanks to just a handful of new high-rising wins.
Two tracks from Cowboy Carter launch inside the top 10 on the Hot 100 this week. “II Most Wanted” with Miley Cyrus and Beyoncé’s cover of Dolly Parton’s “Jolene” begin their time on the tally at Nos. 6 and 7, respectively, on the list of the most-consumed tracks in the U.S.
As Beyoncé collects a pair of new top 10 hits, she advances on the ranking of musicians with the most placements inside the competitive region. She has now claimed 24 smashes that have reached the highest tier on the tally, and in one moment, she leapfrogs over a number of beloved musicians.
Paul McCartney, the Rolling Stones, and Whitney Houston have all snagged 23 top 10s on the Hot 100. Before this week, Beyoncé sat behind all of them, with 22 appearances between Nos. 1 and 10...but now she’s passed all three of those acts.
It’s worth mentioning that these figures represent the solo work from Beyoncé and McCartney. Both musicians also earned additional top 10 hits on the Hot 100 as members of a group. McCartney was one-fourth of The Beatles, while Beyoncé was a founding singer in Destiny’s Child. All the smashes they landed as part of those bands count as separate discographies.
This week, Beyoncé actually fills three spots inside the top 10 on the Hot 100. In addition to “II Most Wanted” and “Jolene,” her previous single “Texas Hold ‘Em” jumps back into the highest tier on the list. The lead Cowboy Carter single nearly recaptured the throne, as it leaps to No. 2.
23 songs featured on her new album land on the Hot 100 this week, with almost all of them being new to the ranking. With more than 20 new placements on the chart this frame, Beyoncé becomes the latest musician to accrue at least 100 wins on the tally, upping her career total to 106 placements on the list.