By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:29, 14 June 2024   |  Updated:  18:42, 14 June 2024   
 33
View  comments
Rihanna looked effortlessly cool in a brown leather trench coat while enjoying a night out at her favorite restaurant, Giorgio Baldi, in Santa Monica on Thursday. 
After grabbing a bite to eat at the celeb hot spot, frequented by stars like Beyoncé, Jay-Z, Hailey and Justin Bieber, the superstar, 36, was seen strutting back to her car in a pair of strappy black stilettos.
The mother-of-two looked extra glamorous while rocking a pair of black sunglasses, despite it being nighttime, large gold hoop earrings and her natural hair. 
Her love of the family-managed, Italian restaurant has been well-documented over the years, and she has been spotted at the eatery up to three times a week.
Earlier this year, she finally revealed her go-to order is 'calamari and langoustines and shrimp' to start and 'the signature spaghetti which is tomato basil.'
Rihanna looked effortlessly cool in a brown leather trench coat while enjoying a night out at her favorite restaurant, Giorgio Baldi, in Santa Monica on Thursday
Additionally, she says she will also get a dish that she 'kind of made up which is milk and cheese ravioli with a Bolognese meat sauce.' 
Her latest sighting comes after she opened up about her hopes for expanding her family with her partner A$AP Rocky, 35. 
The Diamonds singer, who is already a mom to sons RZA, two, and Riot, nearly one,  told Entertainment Tonight, earlier this week, that she 'definitely' wants 'more kids.'
The songstress recently said she would love to have a girl, but joked that clearly hasn't 'worked out' yet, since she welcomed two boys in 15 months apart. 
The nine-time Grammy winner went on to confirm that she is 'not pregnant.' 
Previously, Rihanna insisted that she loves being outnumbered by boys in her household.
'It makes me feel really cool to be a boy mom,' she told E! News in April. 'I get to be as casual and busted as I want to, but it also forces me to embrace the epic things about being a woman and female and all my femininity—I embrace it so much more now.' 
Additionally, the Ocean's 8 actress revealed that motherhood has made her a better businesswoman and more conscious of how she spends her time.
After grabbing a bite to eat at the celeb hot spot, frequented by stars like Beyoncé, JAY-Z, Hailey and Justin Bieber, the superstar, 36, was seen strutting to her pair in a pair of strappy black stilettos
'They bring purpose to every aspect of my life,' she said of her two kids. 'Everything has to be intentional, and everything has to be worth it—especially when it takes me away from them.'
That same month, the Umbrella hitmaker told Interview that she was looking to expand her ever-growing brood, just eight months after welcoming her second son. 
When asked how many kids she would like, the superstar gushed that she is open to having 'as many as God wants' her 'to have.'
'I would go for more than two,' the singer revealed. 'I would try for my girl. But of course if it’s another boy, it’s another boy.'
The performer became a mother on May 13, 2022, following the birth of her adorable little boy, RZA Athelston Mayers (pronounced 'Rizza').
Nine months after RZA's arrival, she surprised the world by announcing she was pregnant, again, during her Super Bowl halftime performance.
Her latest sighting comes after she opened up about her hopes for expanding her family with her partner A$AP Rocky, 35
RZA and their second child, Riot Rose, eight months, are only 15 months apart. Their youngest child was born August 1, 2023.
Additionally, she spoke about her relationship with her partner A$AP Rocky.
'We saw fashion the same. We saw creative the same. We ended up in the same circles a lot. And past that, when we grew up, we ended up supporting each other's brands and products and creative all the time,' she said of how her friendship with the rapper blossomed into a relationship.
Rihanna continued: 'I would wear his s**t, he would show up to my launches. But it wasn't until the end of 2019 [they got together].'
The Diamonds singer, who is already a mom to sons RZA, two, and Riot, nearly one, told Entertainment Tonight, earlier this week, that she 'definitely' wants 'more kids'
When asked if a flirty direct message or text prompted them to turn their platonic relationship romantic, the performer laughed.
'No! We've known each other for a long time. I've seen him in relationships. He's seen me in relationships. We've seen each other outside of relationships. We knew what we're capable of, and the trouble that we could bring to each other's lives. We can make or break each other's hearts. And so, we started dating with a lot of caution,' she said.
At the time, she said she just wanted to 'let whatever was supposed to happen, happen.'
'It was just, This is a flower. It's either going to die or blossom. But I'm going to let it decide itself,' Rihanna revealed.
Additionally, she spoke about her relationship with her partner A$AP Rocky and wanting to try for a baby girl next; seen in November 2021
Ultimately, she said the COVID-19 pandemic 'sped up' their relationship and she feels great being with someone that sees her as being 'worthy of being the mother of their kids' (pictured in May 2023)
Ultimately, she said the COVID-19 pandemic 'sped up' their relationship.
'Had it not been for COVID, we would've taken a lot more time to get comfortable with each other, to even know that we were ready,' she declared.
Additionally, she said it's a 'great feeling' being with someone that sees her as being 'worthy of being the mother of their kids.'
'I felt the same about him. I knew he would be a great dad,' she said about her longtime love.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group