In the blink of an eye, another year has gone by. They say the older you get, the faster time whizzes by. Boy is that true. As a kid it seemed to take forever to get from the start of the school year until Christmas break. Now, as an adult, September to December passes in a flash. We are all busier than ever. But even for my children, time goes by faster than it did a generation ago.
It’s natural at the end of the year to think back on the previous 12 months and reflect on what we did and all that happened. But when I looked at my new calendar and really paid attention to the new year of 2025, that number suddenly seemed so large. 2025… That means the year 2000 is 25 years ago! How did THAT happen?! The year 2000 seems like it was just a couple of years back. How can it be so long ago already?
A lot happened in my life in the year 2000. It was the year I graduated from college. I got engaged and started my first professional job. I said “see you later” to college friends and welcomed new friends and acquaintances into my life at work and beyond.
Thinking back to that time stirred up a lot of memories. So, to continue my trip down memory lane, I turned to Google to see what else I could evoke.
A lot was happening in the world at large in 2000, as well. The election results in the presidential race between Al Gore and George W. Bush were too close to call. Multiple recounts took place, and we all learned the term “hanging chad.” After more than a month, George W. Bush was finally declared the winner.
Another major headline in 2000 centered around Elian Gonzalez, a six-year-old boy who along with his mother fled Cuba by boat. The boat sank during the journey and Elian’s mother and most of the other passengers drowned. Elian was found floating in an inner tube by the U.S. Coast Guard. An international custody battle followed between his father in Cuba and relatives in the U.S. Ultimately, Elian was reunited with his father in Cuba.
Other notable headlines included the tragedy of the Concorde jet crash and Kathie Lee Gifford retiring as co-host of "Live with Regis and Kathie Lee."
In sports, the St. Louis Rams won the Super Bowl. The New York Yankees won the World Series. And Venus Williams won Wimbledon for the first time.
We met Beyoncé, not as a solo artist, but rather in her group Destiny’s Child. The most popular song of the year was “Smooth” by Santana and Rob Thomas. N*Sync, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Pink and Creed continued to reach higher levels of success.
Top movies of 2000 included "Gladiator," "Almost Famous," "Cast Away," "Erin Brockovich" and "X-Men."
On the small screen, it was the end of an era for me as one of my favorite TV shows, "Beverly Hills, 90210," aired its final episode. But it was also the start of a new era as "Survivor" debuted. It was a summer phenomenon and instantly became one of my favorite shows. Its enormous success kickstarted the new era of reality TV.
Indeed, the year 2000 was a long time ago. A lot has happened in the 25 years since, in the world and to me personally. I got married and became the mother of two children who are growing fast right in front of my eyes. I’ve lived in a couple of different houses and changed jobs a few times. Sadly, I’ve lost loved ones. But I’ve also had so many people come into my life whom I hadn’t even met in 2000. So, cheers to another new year ahead and all the experiences it will bring!
Addie Rugland
Addie Rugland is a freelance writer who lives in Northwood with her husband, daughter and son.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
A brood of six, fluffy yellow goslings produced at the nesting structure located on the west lawn pond at Apple Valley Place.
A brood of six, fluffy yellow goslings produced at the nesting structure located on the west lawn pond at Apple Valley Place.
Protected and managed by the Iowa Natural Heritage Foundation, Kothenbeutel Prairie is a 40-acre tract of native prairie grassland located abo…
Getting a dog is not an easy decision for me.
It’s nesting season, and for long-bearded, ill-tempered toms, the wooing of hens has become a priority. 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.