By 

	Ethan Millman


Morgan Wallen and Post Malone‘s collaboration “I Had Some Help” debuted at Number One on the Hot 100, Billboard announced on Tuesday, opening as one of the biggest debuts for a single this year.

	The single reps Malone’s second Number One of the year so far, following his collaboration with Taylor Swift on “Fortnight” the biggest song from The Tortured Poets Department. “I Had Some Help” opened with 76.4 million streams, beating out “Fortnight” for most single-week streams this year. The song dethroned Kendrick Lamar’s Drake diss “Not Like Us,” which fell to Number 2 while Tommy Richman’s “Million Dollar Baby” took third, Shaboozey’s “Bar Song (Tipsy)” came in at fourth, and Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” rounded out the Top Five. 

	“I Had Some Help” reflects the ongoing confluence between pop and country as the latter genre has been exploding in popularity on streaming over the past several years. Country is making its way into the mainstream pop sound: Beyoncé put out one of the year’s biggest albums with Cowboy Carter, while Malone himself is gearing up to release a full-blown country album as well. 

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	








	Malone performed “I Had Some Help” at the ACM Awards last week, and he also debuted the unreleased song “Never Love You Again.” 

	With the debut done, the question is how much longevity the song will have going forward. If Malone and Wallen’s respective chart histories are any indication, “I Had Some Help” could end up being one of the biggest songs of the year. Wallen’s “Last Night” was easily the top performing track of 2023, spending 16 non-consecutive weeks at Number One on the Hot 100 and going 7-times platinum. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.