The word NDA is written on wooden cubes.Dreamstime
Dear Eric: I have been on the board of a small nonprofit organization for nearly five years and signed a non-disclosure agreement. There have been two significant “issues” during my time on the board. Numerous executive board sessions were held; law enforcement conducted interviews and state agencies held inquiries.
My wife wants the details. I told her I signed the NDA and couldn’t give her any information. She claimed that we are married and shouldn’t keep secrets, and I could tell her what was discussed in the executive meetings.
– Secret Keeper
Dear Secret Keeper: I’ve signed and honored my share of NDAs (have I been to a party at Beyoncé's house? The world will never know.) None of those agreements included the clause “You can tell your wife if she’s curious.”
You’re welcome to have a lawyer take a look at yours to see if it specifically allows spousal disclosures of the protected topics. But I don’t see how the information you have would materially benefit your wife. Moreover, you’re putting yourself and your organization at unnecessary risk, even if she promises not to tell.
This isn’t what we mean when we talk about “keeping secrets” in a marriage. You’re not hiding a Swiss bank account. You’re simply not telling her information you’re legally bound not to disclose about a company with which she doesn’t have a relationship.
Read more Asking Eric and other advice columns.
Send questions to R. Eric Thomas at eric@askingeric.com or P.O. Box 22474, Philadelphia, PA 19110. Follow him on Instagram and sign up for his weekly newsletter at rericthomas.com.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices