Top Congressional Democrats reintroduce Equality Act on Trump’s 100th day in office
George Santos sentenced to 87 months in prison for fraud case
Democratic lawmakers travel to El Salvador, demand information about gay Venezuelan asylum seeker
Goodlander endorses Pappas’s Senate bid
EXCLUSIVE: Garcia demands answers on deportation of gay Venezuelan asylum seeker
D.C. liquor board extends drinking hours for WorldPride
Episcopal bishop to speak at WorldPride human rights conference
Pabllo Vittar to perform at WorldPride
$3.7 billion RFK stadium proposal draws support from Team DC
Welcome home: DC LGBTQ Center opens its doors to healing and hope
RFK Jr.’s HHS report pushes therapy, not medical interventions, for trans youth
Trump nominates Mike Waltz to become next UN ambassador
Second federal lawsuit filed against White House passport policy
HHS to retire 988 crisis lifeline for LGBTQ youth
Supreme Court hears oral arguments in LGBTQ education case
Executive director of LGBTQ Catholic group to travel to Rome for conclave
LGBTQ activist murdered in Lesotho
LGBTQ Kashmiri students targeted after terrorist attack
Potential Pope Francis successor views homosexuality as an ‘abomination’
Liberal Party wins Canadian election
INDIGNACIÓN: ¡El transfeminicidio de Sara Millerey en Colombia nos cuestiona como sociedad!
Suspensión de fondos de USAID golpea con fuerza a grupos LGBTQ en El Salvador
El suicidio de Rick: bullying, homofobia y una madre que busca justicia
Mujeres diversas marchan en El Salvador exigiendo justicia e igualdad en el 8M
Noboa y González van a segunda vuelta en Ecuador: ¿cuáles son sus propuestas LGBTQ?
TRAITOR: Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has blood on his hands
Congressional Equality Caucus should participate in WorldPride
How I changed my documents
We must show up to WorldPride 2025 in D.C.
Navigating employer-sponsored health insurance, care
PHOTOS: Victory Fund National Champagne Brunch
Tom Goss returns with ‘Bear Friends Furever Tour’
Calendar: May 2-8
English soccer bans transgender women from women’s teams
Theatre Prometheus spreads queer joy with ‘Galatea’
No, ‘Mid-Century Modern’ is not a ‘Golden Girls’ remake
Queer TV to watch this spring
Putting off watching ‘Monsters?’ You’re missing out
PBS ‘Disco’ is a Pride party you don’t want to miss
Lesbian road movie returns with campy ‘Dolls’
Union Market’s Last Call Bar a welcoming oasis for all
RAMMYs honors restaurant industry professionals
Behind the bar with Moon Rabbit’s Thi Nguyen
My Rehoboth Beach culinary tour
New D.C. restaurants opening just in time for spring
Theatre Prometheus spreads queer joy with ‘Galatea’
Timely comedy ‘Fake It’ focuses on Native American themes
‘Bad Books’ a timely look at censorship in local library
STC’s ‘Vanya’  puts pleasing twist on Chekhov classic
Out actor Ángel Lozado on his new role in ‘In the Heights’
Jacob Elordi rides high in ‘On Swift Horses’
Infectious ‘Egghead & Twinkie’ celebrates love and allyship
Heartfelt ‘Wedding Banquet’ remake a romcom worth seeing
An ‘Indian Boy’ challenges family tradition in sweet romcom
Sexy small town secrets surface in twisty French ‘Misericordia’
Tom Goss returns with ‘Bear Friends Furever Tour’
Kylie brings ‘Tension’ tour to D.C.
Busy season for live music in D.C.
Pride concert to take place at Strathmore after Kennedy Center rescinds invitation
J. Lo, Troye Sivan, RuPaul added to WorldPride Music Festival
Chronicling disastrous effects of ‘conversion therapy’
How one gay Catholic helped change the world
‘Pronoun Trouble’ reminds us that punctuation matters
New book helps vulnerable people to stay safe
‘Hurt Capital’ chronicles young life of bipolar, trans writer
PHOTOS: Victory Fund National Champagne Brunch
PHOTOS: Cherry ‘Fire’
PHOTOS: Night of Champions
PHOTOS: Mr., Mx, & Miss Capital Pride Pageant
PHOTOS: La Loca
April showers bring May flowers in life — and in real estate
Spring updates to sell your home for pride and profit
Navigating DMV real estate market during political unrest
New trends for old kitchens
Spring cleaning your rental relationship
US contributes more than $90 million to fight mpox outbreak in Africa
Mpox outbreak in Africa declared global health emergency
White House urged to expand PrEP coverage for injectable form
Young gay Latinos see rising share of new HIV cases, leading to call for targeted funding
Asian American and LGBTQ: A Heritage of Pride
US contributes more than $90 million to fight mpox outbreak in Africa
Mpox outbreak in Africa declared global health emergency
White House urged to expand PrEP coverage for injectable form
Young gay Latinos see rising share of new HIV cases, leading to call for targeted funding
Asian American and LGBTQ: A Heritage of Pride
New Mexico guv signs marijuana legalization
Delaware cannabis activists take on corporate marijuana
Virginia marijuana legalization takes effect July 1
Highstream 420 Festival Livestream
Cannabis Culture
NEW YEAR NEW YOU 2020: Local VIDA master trainer on trends, tips and technology at the gym
Why a personalized diet can help you achieve better results
Al Roker blasts Jillian Michaels for criticizing Keto diet
Make 2019 your year for fitness
Raising healthy adults starts now
NSO Labor Day performance held at U.S. Capitol
Published
on
By
The National Symphony Orchestra’s free annual Labor Day weekend concert returns to the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol on Sunday, Sept. 1. The performance is free and tickets are not required. Seating is first-come, first-served.
Fall concerts feature Sivan, Eilish, Lauper, more
Musical icons and newer stars to rock D.C. this spring
Tom Goss returns with ‘Bear Friends Furever Tour’
Calendar: May 2-8
Congressional Equality Caucus should participate in WorldPride
Out singer/songwriter to perform at Red Bear Brewing Co.
Published
on
By
Singer Tom Goss will bring his “Bear Friends Furever Tour” to D.C. on Sunday, June 8 at 8 p.m. at Red Bear Brewing Co. 
Among the songs he will perform will be “Bear Soup,” the fourth installment in his beloved bear song anthology series. Following fan favorites like “Bears,” “Round in All the Right Places,” and “Nerdy Bear,” this high-energy, bass-thumping banger celebrates body positivity, joyful indulgence, and the vibrant spirit of the bear subculture.
For more details, visit Tom Goss’s website.
Performance on Tuesday at Capital One Arena
Published
on
By
Aussie pop icon Kylie Minogue brings her acclaimed “Tension” world tour to D.C. next Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. at the Capital One Arena. Tickets are still available at Ticketmaster.
The show features songs spanning her long career, from 1987 debut single, “The Loco-Motion,” to “Padam, Padam” from her album, “Tension.”
Erivo, Kylie, Sivan, and more headed our way this spring
Published
on
By
One sure sign of spring’s arrival is the fresh wave of live music coming to Washington. With more than 10 venues and a diverse lineup of artists, the city offers no shortage of live performances for the new season.
In addition to this impressive list, don’t forget the many artists coming to town for WorldPride, May 17-June 8. In addition to headliner Cynthia Erivo performing on Saturday, June 7 at the two-day street festival and concert, many other performers will be in town. Jennifer Lopez, Troye Sivan, and RuPaul are among the featured performers at the WorldPride Music Festival at the RFK Festival Grounds, June 6-7. Visit WorldPrideDC.org for a list of other performers.
Grammy and Emmy Award-winning Mary J. Blige will take the stage at Capital One Arena on March 26 for her For My Fans tour. Two days later, on March 28, J Balvin will also perform at Capital One Arena for his Back to the Rayo tour.
The Lincoln Theatre will host the Gay Men’s Chorus of Washington for three performances—one on March 15 and two on March 16.
If dance parties are more your vibe, you’re in luck. DC9 is hosting a series of themed dance parties this month, starting with Poker Face: 2000s + Dance Party on March 14, the ever-popular Peach Pit ’90s dance party on March 15, H.O.T.S.: A Sapphic Dance Party on March 22, and RageRiot!—a burlesque and drag revue featuring a lineup of local drag kings, queens, and everything in between on March 29.
Australian queen of pop Kylie Minogue will bring her Tension tour to Capital One Arena on April 8, with British dance artist Romy as her special guest.
Indie singer-songwriter mxmtoon will stop in D.C. for their Liminal Space tour on April 4 at the 9:30 club, followed by indie rock band Gossip on April 5. The 9:30 club will also host two dance parties in April: Gimme Gimme Disco – a dance party inspired by ABBA on April 11 and Broadway Rave on April 18.
The Atlantis will feature Brooklyn-based indie rock band Pom Pom Squad on April 2.
Comedy duo Two Dykes and a Mic will bring their Going Hog Wild tour to the Howard Theatre on April 19.
DC9 has two dance parties lined up this month: Bimbo Night on April 4, hosted by Baltimore’s “premier red-tattooed Filipina diva” Beth Amphetamine, and Aqua Girls: A QTBIPOC Dance Party on April 5, celebrating “queer transcendence through music, movement, and community.”
The Anthem will welcome a lineup of big names in April, starting with Alessia Cara on April 8. Lucy Dacus will take the stage on April 18 and 19 for her Forever Is a Feeling tour, while funky pop artist Remi Wolf will headline on April 27, joined by special guests Dana and Alden.
Indie-pop artist Miya Folick will bring her Erotica Veronica tour to The Atlantis on May 1, followed by multi-genre musician SASAMI on May 2. Pop artist Snow Wife will close out the month at The Atlantis on May 31 as part of an official WorldPride 2025 event.
Queer rock band Lambrini Girls will perform at the Howard Theatre on May 4, while rock trio L.A. Witch will take the stage at DC9 on May 12.
Union Stage will feature Rachel Platten on May 3 for her Set Me Free tour, followed by Femme Fatale: A Queer Dance Party later that night.
The popular DJ festival Project Glow will return to RFK Stadium grounds on May 31 and June 1.
Pride month kicks off with “RuPaul’s Drag Race” star Trixie Mattel, who will perform at Echostage on June 3 as part of a series of official WorldPride 2025 events.
Queer icons Grace Jones & Janelle Monáe will take over The Anthem on June 5 for a WorldPride 2025 event performance.
Perfume Genius will bring his signature sound to the 9:30 club on June 7 as part of WorldPride 2025 festivities. Later in the month, Blondshell will hit the 9:30 club for her If You Asked for a Tour on June 24.
TRAITOR: Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent has blood on his hands
Potential Pope Francis successor views homosexuality as an ‘abomination’
Jacob Elordi rides high in ‘On Swift Horses’
Liberal Party wins Canadian election
© Copyright Brown, Naff, Pitts Omnimedia, Inc. 2021. All rights reserved | Powered by Keynetik.