"He wound up f**king his whole life up with that."

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

Fat Joe attributes Scott Storch‘s squandering of nearly $100 million to the super producer’s past drug abuse and generosity towards women.

	During an appearance on Shannon Sharpe’s Club Shay Shay podcast, the Bronx native was asked how a producer as financially well-off as Storch was at the height of his career could fall into bankruptcy in such a short period of time.

	According to Joe, who collaborated with Storch on numerous occasions throughout his career, the boardsman’s addiction was evident despite him not using in his presence out of respect. “You use a lot of drugs,” the Terror Squad leader said of what led to Storch’s downfall. “And he admits it. This ain’t me talking behind his back. Drugs f**ked him up.” Joe said Storch “f**ked up $90 million” because of these lifestyle choices.

	He continued, “People don’t disrespect me and do crazy sh*t in front of me. So whenever I went to hang out with Scott Storch, because he’s my brother, they wouldn’t use no drugs, they wouldn’t sniff no cocaine, they wouldn’t do no nothing. Scott Storch told me that the second I would walk out that door, a kilo of cocaine would come running through the door like it was raining coke.”

	










	Joe also claims that Storch’s addiction to cocaine began after being introduced to the drug during a sexual encounter with a pair of female celebrities. “I never use drugs because I might like it,” the 54-year-old said of his reasoning behind indulging in illegal substances.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Fat Joe Files Extortion Lawsuit Against Former Hypeman After "Pedophile" Claims		
			







	“Scott Storch, he had two of the most famous women in the world at the same time, they were gonna ménage [à trois] him. One threw the cocaine on the girl and was like, ‘Yo, you want to get the thing going?’ I mean, the most famous girls on Earth. He sniffed that cocaine off her sh*t, and he said the second he sniffed that it was never the same… He wound up f**king his whole life up with that.”

	Fat Joe also recalled Storch’s generosity towards women at the time, as he was gifting romantic partners expensive jewelry and vehicle at the height of his fame.

	“She had a rock so f**king big,” Fat Joe said of one women who boasted about Storch’s lavishing ways. “I was like, ‘Man, I was about to rob this girl, right.’ … To women, he was just awfully generous. So he was buying girls Rolls-Royces.”

	










	Beginning his career as a part of Hip-Hop band The Roots during the early ’90s, Scott Storch’s career would take off during the late ’90s and early ’00s, as he contributed to records by Dr. Dre, Pink, Christina Aguliera, Busta Rhymes, Mobb Deep, and more. 

	Between 2003 and 2005, Storch produced five Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 singles, including tracks by Beyoncé (“Baby Boy”), Terror Squad (“Lean Back”), Mario (“Let Me Love You”), Chris Brown (“Run It!”), and 50 Cent (“Candy Shop”).

	During the latter half of the decade, Storch would find himself in personal and financial turmoil, infamously squandering $30 million in a six-month span at one point. However, the producer has since kicked his addiction and even opened a rehab center to help others along their journey towards sobriety.

	Watch Fat Joe’s Club Shay Shay episode below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.