The 'Out Of This World' tour is hitting the road in North America this summer
Missy Elliott has announced details of her first ever headline tour for North America later this summer.
Today (April 8), the history-making musical polymath unveiled the dates for the ‘Out Of This World’ tour, which will start in Canada this July. She also revealed that she will joined by longtime friends and frequent collaborators Ciara, Timbaland and Busta Rhymes.
“This is an incredible time in my life as I am experiencing so many milestone ‘firsts,’” Elliott said in a statement. “Fans have been asking me to tour forever but I wanted to wait until I felt the time was right because I knew if I was ever going to do it, I had to do it big, and I had to do it with family! So get ready to be taken out of this world with me, Busta Rhymes, Ciara, and Timbaland! We can’t wait to share this experience with the fans!”
The 24-city run kicks off on July 4 at the Rogers Arena in Vancouver, British Columbia, making stops across North America in Los Angeles, Atlanta, Brooklyn, and more before ending in Rosemont at Allstate Arena on August 22.
Missy Elliott. Photo Credit: Derek Blanks with crowdMGMT
Pre-sale tickets will be available tomorrow (April 9) at 10am local time ahead of the general sale this Friday (April 12). You can find the tour dates below and tickets here.
JULY
4 — Vancouver, BC — Rogers Arena
6 — Seattle, WA — Climate Pledge Arena
9 — Oakland, CA — Oakland Arena
11 — Los Angeles, CA — Crypto.com Arena
13 — Las Vegas, NV — T-Mobile Arena
16 — Denver, CO — Ball Arena
18 — Austin, TX — Moody Center
20 — Houston, TX — Toyota Center
21 — Fort Worth, TX — Dickies Arena
24 — Tampa, FL — Amalie Arena
25 — Sunrise, FL — Amerant Bank Arena
27 — Atlanta, GA — State Farm Arena
AUGUST
 1 — Baltimore, MD — CFG Bank Arena
2 — Hampton, VA — Hampton Coliseum
3 — Belmont Park, NY — UBS Arena
5 — Philadelphia, PA — Wells Fargo Center
8 — Washington, DC — Capital One Arena
9 — Newark, NJ — Prudential Center
10 — Boston, MA — TD Garden
12 — Brooklyn, NY — Barclays Center
15 — Detroit, MI — Little Caesars Arena
17 — Montreal, QC — Bell Centre
19 — Toronto, ON — Scotiabank Arena
22 — Rosemont, IL — Allstate Arena
Elliott has shared an otherworldly tour announcement teaser, reuniting with longtime collaborators director extraordinaire Dave Meyers (‘Get Ur Freak On’, ‘Work It’), costume designer and NAACP Fashion Vanguard Award recipient June Ambrose, and acclaimed creative director Hi-Hat.
A post shared by Missy Elliott (@missymisdemeanorelliott)
Over her illustrious 33-year-long career, Elliott has become one of the most successful women in hip-hop and R&B music. She’s produced for and featured on tracks with Beyoncé, Ciara and Aaliyah. The Virginia native has been awarded an honorary doctorate from Berklee College of Music, a Billboard Women in Music Innovator Award in 2015 and has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
She even became the first-ever rapper inducted into the Songwriters Hall Of Fame and the first female rapper in the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame.
Elliott said the latter accomplishment seemed “so far out of reach” for a hip-hop artist and that “words cannot describe” the moment.
In other news, Cardi B sampled Missy Elliott’s ’90s rap classic ‘She’s A Bitch’ for her recent single, ‘Like What (Freestyle)’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.