SHARE


Yee-haw culture has been the topic of discussion these days, with exciting cultural moments like the release of Beyoncé’s country album and the cowboy aesthetic being more popular than ever.
Now, people are searching for more ways to incorporate Western themes into their homes. 
However, not everyone wants to hang antlers on their wall and go all out by hanging up Willie Nelson or John Wayne portraits. 
There are more subtle and aesthetically pleasing ways to bring Western decor into your home, and you can do it by deep-diving into the Western gothic home trend.
The Western gothic home trend is a cool way of incorporating trendy Western decor into your space with an edge, preventing your home from looking like a honky tonk bar. The motif is cowboy boots and hats, antique furniture, and modern details sprinkled throughout.
The Western gothic aesthetic also embraces some darker colors and hues, hence the gothic portion of the name. 
For instance, black walls are becoming more popular in American homes and are paired well with something Western, like a faux cowhide rug.
Another element of this trend that looks great in a home is greenery, more specifically, desert plants like succulents and cacti. 
Having them in your space is an especially great idea if you want to play around with darker or neutral colors, as they’ll brighten things up.
ccestep8 – stock.adobe.com – illustrative purposes only
You can also add statement decor items like cow or cowboy-themed artwork, decorative pillows, and little knick-knacks. If you love scouring a flea market for decor items, this aesthetic needs your services.
You could look for Western-themed art, like little statues and cool mirrors that would pull your space together.
I also have noticed that Western gothic homes play around with texture. Leather or faux leather is especially present in these spaces and looks great when paired with something different, like linen or wood.
If you’ve always been interested in country culture or Western themes, this home style is great for you, as you can play around with that side of your personality without getting labeled as a country bumpkin. 
Don’t be afraid to let your inner cowboy or cowgirl shine through a little bit. After all, with everything happening in pop culture, now’s the time to do it. Have fun!
Sign up for Chip Chick’s newsletter and get stories like this delivered to your inbox.
More About:Home