By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:32, 16 December 2024   |  Updated:  21:58, 16 December 2024   
 699
View  comments
Kim Kardashian's fans were stunned by her new look for a fresh SKIMS campaign shared on Monday.
The 44-year-old brunette beauty was showing off blonde locks as she posed in pinup styles.
One image saw her in a fur bikini that looked two sizes to small for her as it managed to do the impossible: show cleavage, side boob and bottom boob. 
Throughout the shoot, she had big blonde hair with heavily lined eyes making her resemble 1960s pinup actress Brigitte Bardot. 
'WINTER HEAT drops Wednesday, December 18 at 9AM PT / 12PM ET. Get the SKIMS app for early access,' the caption read.
But followers did not think she looked very much like herself or Brigitte. Rather, there were several comments on how she resembled Beyonce, and in some cases, Ciara, who hit the 'like' button on the post.
'I thought you was Beyoncé,' said one follower while another snapped: 'Thought it was Beyoncé for a sec.'
Kim Kardashian 's fans were stunned by her new look for a fresh SKIMS campaign shared on Monday. The 44-year-old brunette beauty was showing off blonde locks as she posed in pinup styles. One image saw her in a fur bikini that looked two sizes to small for her as it managed to do the impossible: show cleavage, side boob and bottom boob
Throughout the shoot, she had big blonde hair with heavily lined eyes making her resemble 1960s pinup actress Brigitte Bardot
This fan noted: 'I thought this was Beyonce or Ciara.' Then there was a question: 'Why are you dressed up like Beyoncé lol.'
One fan thought she looked Colombian: 'It's giving Shakira.'
Another person thought Kim's hair was fake: 'Award for the Best Supporting Actor goes to the 'WIG'.'
Mom Kris Jenner and pals such as Hailey Bieber, Nicole Williams English and Scott Disick hit the like button. 
In several of the images she had on a cable knit top and bottoms. The fur bikini photo saw her wear knee high boots as she posed by a furry throw. 
This comes days after the bombshell was seen in a lowcut top as she used a scooter to get around her new NYC shop for SKIMS. Earlier this month Kardashian broke her foot. 
Last week Kardashian said she is hoping to bring SKIMS to the runway. 
The reality TV's star's shapewear brand has been going from strength-to-strength since she launched it back in 2019.
Kim is now looking to the future and hopes to eventually create a SKIMS fashion show. 
'WINTER HEAT drops Wednesday, December 18 at 9AM PT / 12PM ET. Get the SKIMS app for early access,' the caption read
But followers did not think she looked very much like herself or Brigitte. Rather, there were several comments on how she resembled Beyonce, and in some cases, Ciara
'I thought you was Beyoncé,' said one follower while another snapped: 'Thought it was Beyoncé for a sec'
There did seem to be a resemblance to Beyonce, seen here on December 9 at the Mufasa: The Lion King premiere in Hollywood
She told WWD.com: 'I can absolutely see us doing a show, not like a regularly on the fashion schedule show, but maybe something a little bit more unique.
'It would have to be an experience more than a regular show, but I would never rule anything out.' In the interview, Kim went on to insist she's very hands-on with her brand and even though she doesn't design every piece, she makes sure each item gets her approval. 
She explained: 'I know every single product that we have, I have fit every single product that we have coming out. And I know if there is something that slid by me, that I didn't get the final approval on from the detail on the stitching. 
'And while I don't design everything for me ... if I can, I try to at some point, even if I'm just in my closet, show people how I would wear it versus how it was styled on someone else. 
'I love always showing our hosiery and shapewear. I think it's really important, because I wear shapewear with everything, and I think before [Skims] - it's not that it wasn't accepted - it just wasn't cool.' 
She added: 'Even if you think this sheer dress you need to go get it lined, no you don't. Just wear shapewear underneath and it'll do the job.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group