Before becoming Beyoncé’s father and CEO of a record label, Mathew Knowles was a salesperson. And next week, he’s coming to USF to talk about his career transitioning from sales to “building the brand of Beyoncé” and the lessons he’s learned.
Knowles will visit USF at 9:30 a.m. Monday for an hour-long event in the Muma College of Business Atrium. 
Elizabeth Brown, a Muma College of Business spokesperson, said the college’s new dean, David Blackwell, will have an informal sit-down with Knowles to talk about his success, failures and what he has learned throughout his career.
“I know our students are excited to hear, first-hand, from Mathew Knowles about his rise in the music industry, his entrepreneurial journey, how he started Destiny’s Child, and how he helped “Build the Brand of Beyoncé,’” Brown said.
Related: OPINION: Slay the USF classroom to slay the professional world – The Oracle 
Knowles was the top sales executive of medical equipment worldwide, but “took a risk” to launch Destiny’s Child, an all-girls music group from the 90s, including his daughter Beyoncé, according to his website. 
He also founded Music World Entertainment, a music management company and record label that has overseen the success of over 100 platinum and gold albums, according to his website.
Blackwell said he is excited to host Knowles and that it will be an “inspiring” event.
Related: USF welcomes three new deans. Here is what you need to know 
Davina Gould, Muma College of Business Director of Communications and Marketing, said having Knowles come to USF was “a little last minute.”
One of USF’s American Marketing Association (AMA) advisory board’s members, Tal Zlotnitsky, knew Knowles and worked with the College of Business and AMA to find time for him to visit USF. Since Knowles would already be in Florida for another event, the timing worked out, Gould said.
The event’s details were finalized on Aug. 30 and announced late Wednesday afternoon on the College of Business’s Instagram.
AMA’s President Lindsey Gile said this is the first time the organization will partner with the College of Business for this event series.
“We were actually originally going to have Dr. Knowles speak exclusively for our executive board members,” Gile said. “However, we were so thankful for this amazing connection with Dr. Knowles and wanted to share the opportunity to hear him speak with all USF students.”
Related: Taylor Swift USF course to be taught this fall – The Oracle
Knowles will be paid to come to USF, but agreed to come at a discounted rate since he would already be in the state for his speaking event in Fort Lauderdale, Gould said. She did not specify how much he would be paid.
Gould said they are expecting the event to be standing room only despite the event being hosted on a Monday morning. 
The atrium has 220 seats, but Gould is expecting around 200 to 250 attendees. USF AMA members will get exclusive seating at the event.
The doors for the event will open at 9 a.m. and guests can reserve a spot through Eventbrite. Students can submit questions for Knowles through the event’s registration link
His visit to USF is part of the Conversation with a CEO series hosted by Muma College of Business. 
The conversation is a free event the college hosts multiple times each semester for its students, faculty and alumni, according to its website. 
Last year, Tarte Cosmetics CEO Maureen Kelly was the first Conversation with a CEO guest to come to campus, Gould said.
Typically, the Conversation with a CEO takes place in downtown Tampa, but, since Knowles is “high profile,” Gould said they decided to host it on-campus to make the event more accessible for college students. The downtown event attracts more community members and alumni, so Muma has transitioned to hosting a few on-campus conversations for its students.
The event features top executives “who practice innovation and implement forward-thinking policies.”
Gile said she hopes all students can learn something from Knowles’ experience as a business owner.
“When managing celebrities, it’s really important to build their brand,” Gile said. “So, I hope students who are interested in marketing and branding will get a little insight into what it’s like being a professional in that space.”
Lily Belcher is the managing editor for The Oracle. She's a mass communications and professional and technical communications double major. She started at The Oracle in summer 2023 as a correspondent and worked her way up to news editor. She has been freelancing for local newspapers for four years and hopes to write for a major newspaper following her graduation. Reach her at belcher20@usf.edu
For Carolina Gutfreund, next year’s cuts to student organization funding won’t just shrink the Botanical Gardens Club’s budget — they’ve led her to step down as its president. “The idea of it being bad was just making me so sad because we put a lot of effort into our events,” said Gutfreund, a junior English […]

For Carolina Gutfreund, next year’s cuts to student organization funding won’t just shrink the Botanical Gardens Club’s budget — they’ve led her to step down as its president. “The idea of it being bad was just making me so sad because we put a lot of effort into our events,” said Gutfreund, a junior English […]
USF’s Morsani College of Medicine has been named the top medical school in Florida and ranked among the nation’s best in the 2025 U.S. News & World Report rankings. The college, now recognized as a Tier 1 institution, is the only medical school in Florida to receive this distinction.  Charles Lockwood, the executive vice president […]

USF’s Morsani College of Medicine has been named the top medical school in Florida and ranked among the nation’s best in the 2025 U.S. News & World Report rankings. The college, now recognized as a Tier 1 institution, is the only medical school in Florida to receive this distinction.  Charles Lockwood, the executive vice president […]
When confetti and champagne popped near the MSC Amphitheater during an Acts of Kindness event on April 24, Ashley Messer froze – afraid she was hearing gunshots. “All I could think for the rest of the event was that I just stood there like a deer in headlights,” said the junior English major. “I didn’t […]

When confetti and champagne popped near the MSC Amphitheater during an Acts of Kindness event on April 24, Ashley Messer froze – afraid she was hearing gunshots. “All I could think for the rest of the event was that I just stood there like a deer in headlights,” said the junior English major. “I didn’t […]
Facing budget cuts, loss of resources and logistical setbacks, USF’s Society of Aeronautics and Rocketry completed what its members called the most advanced rocket launch in the club’s 12-year history. Led by computer engineering senior Alvaro Lazaro, SOAR launched its high-powered rocket, Prometheus, during a nationwide NASA Student Launch competition, marking the first time the […]

Facing budget cuts, loss of resources and logistical setbacks, USF’s Society of Aeronautics and Rocketry completed what its members called the most advanced rocket launch in the club’s 12-year history. Led by computer engineering senior Alvaro Lazaro, SOAR launched its high-powered rocket, Prometheus, during a nationwide NASA Student Launch competition, marking the first time the […]
USF President Rhea Law has assembled a task force to promote “efficiency, transparency and strategic reinvestment” among university departments and staff. The team will be responsible for managing Florida State Department of Governmental Efficiency requests at USF, according to public records obtained by The Oracle.  Gov. Ron DeSantis created the Florida DOGE in February to […]

USF President Rhea Law has assembled a task force to promote “efficiency, transparency and strategic reinvestment” among university departments and staff. The team will be responsible for managing Florida State Department of Governmental Efficiency requests at USF, according to public records obtained by The Oracle.  Gov. Ron DeSantis created the Florida DOGE in February to […]
The USF Faculty Senate called on USF leadership to withdraw University Police from an agreement with the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement that will allow campus police to enforce immigration laws. During a special Faculty Senate meeting on Friday, senators expressed concerns over how USF’s international community – faculty and students alike – would be […]

The USF Faculty Senate called on USF leadership to withdraw University Police from an agreement with the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement that will allow campus police to enforce immigration laws. During a special Faculty Senate meeting on Friday, senators expressed concerns over how USF’s international community – faculty and students alike – would be […]
The Oracle is a student reported, student edited newsroom and needs support from readers like you.