The singer shared photos of herself and her husband JAY-Z enjoying some time together.

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

Beyoncé stands as one of the hardest-working musicians in the world, however, for her birthday, the chart-topper made sure to take some time off. Taking to Instagram, the Grammy-winning performer uploaded snaps from a tropical vacation, with a few cameos from her husband JAY-Z.

	In two separate carousel posts, the 43-year-old shared multiple photos from the intimate trip. Images include the “Diva” sporting a brown and green Emilio Pucci design, per Harpers Bazaar. Holding balloons and a cocktail, the Houston native seems party-ready.

	










	“I’m so grateful for another year,” detailed the mother of three in her short and sweet caption. “Thank you for the loving birthday wishes.”
A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce)

	Comments on the post wishing Queen Bey a happy birthday and showing love in general poured in from thousands of members of her Beyhive and celebrities such as Yung Miami and Niecy Nash.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Beyoncé Celebrates Tina Knowles' No. 1 Memoir At 'Cowboy Carter' Second LA Show		
			







	Additional moments highlighted in the global icon’s Instagram dump feature her in a body of water smoking a cigar at sunset, sandy feet juxtaposed against a bright red pedicure, a picturesque rainbow, and whisky cocktails with her latest announced venture Sir Davis.
A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce)

Sir Davis whisky was launched by Bey last month with Moët Hennessy. The brand is named after her great-grandfather, Davis Hogue, who was a farmer and moonshiner during the Prohibition era in the South, she felt as though her “love for whisky was fated.”  

	According to the official website, the taste of the American whisky is described as a “Rich & buttery toffee,” and “followed by an array of spices with cinnamon, clove, and classic rye spice up front. Followed by soft, malty, and biscuity notes intertwined with a vibrant citrus top note.”

	It is finished with hints of honey, and encountered with a soft, lingering finish reminiscent of plump sultanas and ripe cherries. Sir Davis retails for approximately $89.99.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.