By
Beyoncé embraced the holiday spirit by making a generous $100,000 donation to the University of Houston’s Law Center on Wednesday, December 11, through her BeyGood Foundation. 
According to reports, Beyoncé’s gift to her hometown college will provide critical support for the Criminal Justice Clinic, allowing it to hire a full-time director and significantly broaden its services. This expansion will create more opportunities for students to enroll in the program in the coming semesters, providing a deeper and more comprehensive educational experience. 
Dean Leonard Baynes of the University of Houston Law Center stated, “I am delighted that the BeyGood Foundation has made this very generous gift to the UH Law Center.” “Not only will this funding help establish a full-time criminal justice clinic that provides pro bono legal services in our community, but it will also supercharge our already excellent criminal law and justice programming.” 
Baynes added, “At UH Law, we envision a legal profession where ‘everyone has the opportunity to prosper,’ as BeyGood envisions, and we will achieve this vision by providing access to strong and effective legal representation in criminal proceedings. And together, through this gift, the BeyGood Foundation and UHLC will shepherd the next generation of criminal justice attorneys in the city of Houston, the state of Texas and the nation.”
Since its launch in 2013, Beyoncé’s BeyGood Foundation has remained dedicated to supporting a wide range of organizations and promoting economic prosperity and community well-being.
As 2024 draws to a close, Beyoncé’s schedule continues to be packed—she recently attended the premiere of Mufasa: The Lion King in Los Angeles with her family, reprising her role as Nala while also marking her daughter Blue Ivy’s debut in a feature film as Kiara. Beyoncé shared on Good Morning America, “Seeing Blue as Kiara and hearing her voice come out of that character.” “it was really hard to focus and do my job after that. I was like, ‘Wait, hold up, guys. Y’all gotta give me a second. I have to digest that.’ I’m so proud of her.”
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97