Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
South London songwriter and producer Sampha Sisay has been at the heart of many era-defining records. Over the years, his exquisite vocals and production have been called on by the likes of Beyoncé, Kendrick Lamar, Stormzy and Frank Ocean.
So, when he released his debut album Process in 2017 to great acclaim - it landed in the Top 10 and won the Mercury Prize - it felt like he was emerging from the shadows. But with his second album Lahai, he’s taken it up a notch, and should rightly be basking in the limelight.
On Thursday night, he played the first of two very special shows at Factory International’s landmark new venue Aviva Studios - his first time back on a Manchester stage in seven years. When he last played here, it was at Academy 2 and his first album hadn’t even dropped yet and then again in 2017 at Manchester International Festival.
Try MEN Premium now for FREE... just click here to give it a go
In a first for a new venue, Sampha performs in the round, a move that instantly creates intimacy and atmosphere in the immense and cavernous warehouse space. 
As the stage engulfed with smoke and David Bowie’s Space Oddity faded into the background, the performer and his band of multi-instrumentalists emerged from the crowd, but as they assembled themselves behind keyboards, drum kits and bongos, it felt as if we were watching the final preparations for spaceship launch as cosmic, otherworldly sounds flitted around the space.
While the soundscapes and production of the night at times felt like we had in fact lifted off, the lyrics, as ever, dealt with very personal, earthly matters. If Process was about grappling with grief and loss, and building a universe for the singer and his fans to get lost in, then Lahai, is about discovering this new landscape. 
His vocals are as ever soulful and tinged with vulnerability, but in a live setting where the arrangement is switched up and presented in new ways, you can really feel them in your chest. The bruised and breathy falsetto of Suspended offset by a skittering drum and bass that propels you in various directions, while the repetition of the keys in Stereo Colour Cloud and Dancing Circles creates a swirl of intensity and urgency.
It may sound heavy, but cloud-busting moments come when Sampha leaves his station behind the keyboard and dances around the stage - a truly joyous and affirming release for an artist sharing such personal quandaries with his audience. Likewise, just as the audience falls into complete silence for a the thread-bare (No One Knows Me) Like the Piano and poignant Too Much, they’re rapturous when Sampha, accompanied by his band form a drum circle.
Bookending his set with some of his biggest hits, Plastic 100°C with its heavy base, floating synth builds an almost panicked momentum, while Blood on Me feels feverish, but as intended and with skilful arrangements from Sampha his multi-instrumentalists it hits exactly as it supposed too. 
As the first artists to use perform in the round at Factory's new space, there was a lot of expectation on Sampha’s long-awaited return to Manchester. But he's the master of his craft, an artist with sumptuous vocals and thrilling arrangements in his back pocket. 
It was never in doubt that this would be a truly joyous, affirming and truly transcendent performance. While still humble and self-effacing, he's built up a loyal fanbase thanks to his highly personal music, and when delivered to an audience in a unique and intimate setting like the Warehouse, the connection only strengthens.