What on earth do these two have in common?
When it comes to compatibility, Virgo and Aquarius aren’t two zodiac signs you’d automatically put together. Virgo is an earth sign and Aquarius is an air sign, and these elements typically clash. In the zodiac, they form a 150 angle called a quincunx, indicating an awkward and even uncomfortable energy. And yet there’s something intriguing about this pair. Let’s talk about it:
 The Virgo Basics
Dates: August 23 to September 22
Element: Earth
Modality: Mutable
Ruler: Mercury
Represented by: The maiden
Tarot card: the Hermit
Famous Virgos: Beyoncé, Zendaya, Keke Palmer, Sofia Richie, Prince Harry, Keanu Reeves, Salma Hayek, Blake Lively, Sydney Sweeney, Nick Jonas, Chris Pine, John Mulaney, Lili Reinhart, Jason Derulo, Niall Horan, Liam Payne, Ava DuVernay, Melissa McCarthy
The Aquarius Basics
Dates: January 20 to February 18
Element: Air
Modality: Fixed
Ruler: Uranus
Represented by: The water-bearer
Tarot card: The Star
Famous Aquariuses: Harry Styles, Megan Thee Stallion, Michael B. Jordan, The Weeknd, Shakira, Yara Shahidi, Kerry Washington, Jennifer Aniston, Paris Hilton, Alicia Keys, Emma Roberts, Elijah Wood, Cristiano Ronaldo, Stephanie Beatriz, Elizabeth Olsen, Julia Fox
Virgo and Aquarius: Personality Traits
Virgo and Aquarius have a few major differences. As an earth sign, Virgo is very in tune with the world around them—the things they can see, hear, smell, taste, and touch. On the other hand, Aquarius is more interested in the unseen—concepts like the future, ideas, and time itself. To put it another way, Aquarius focuses on the big picture while Virgo is all about the details.
However, Virgo and Aquarius share some important traits and values. Both have a reputation for being a little bit reserved or aloof, preferring to observe rather than stand in the spotlight. Both are incredibly caring people who want to make the world a better place, though Aquarius is more likely to focus on working towards a big humanitarian cause while Virgo will focus on helping out their loved ones, one by one. Plus, both are incredibly intelligent, too. 
Virgo and Aquarius: Friendship Compatibility
If Virgo and Aquarius can get to know each other, they might find that for all their differences, they really admire each other. If they get to know each other on a deeper level, they can help each other grow and become incredibly close. But the difficulty is getting to know each other. Neither sign is particularly outgoing or open with people they don’t know well, and even if they’re placed together—like in a class, a sports team, or at work—Virgo and Aquarius might keep to themselves and miss out on the opportunity to form an incredible friendship with each other. 
Virgo and Aquarius: Sexual Compatibility
These two signs can have some ah-mazing sexual chemistry! Both are surprisingly kinky. Aquarius is known for their creativity and open mind, and in bed, this means that they want to try every kink, sex position, role play scenario, etc. you can think of. They likely have a penchant for sex toys in particular. For their part, Virgo is a mutable sign, meaning they’re also naturally open-minded and adaptable. Plus, Virgo is a people pleaser, including in the bedroom. They just want to make their partner feel good!  
If Virgo and Aquarius can actually get to know each other and start dating (see “Friendship Compatibility” above for the difficulties on that), they can have an incredibly rewarding relationship. They’re both incredibly caring and loyal partners who will support each other through anything and challenge each other to grow. They both value their “alone time,” too—which means that neither will get annoyed when the other wants a solo night in. However, it’s important for them to schedule quality together time, too, or they run the risk of living separate lives and never seeing each other! 
Along with everything I just said about relationships, Virgo and Aquarius run the risk of Aquarius steamrolling Virgo. See, Virgo is a total people-pleaser and Aquarius is incredibly stubborn. When they disagree on something, Virgo will probably give in just to make Aquarius happy. Virgo is als not the best with direct communication, so they will probably let resentment build up until they explode! To save this, Aquarius needs to make sure they’re hearing out Virgo’s POV and both signs need to try to be fair with each other.
Virgo and Aquarius: Compatibility Summary
All in all, Virgo and Aquarius aren’t two signs that astrologers would automatically pair together the way they would, say, Aquarius and Gemini or Virgo and Taurus. However, if they make an effort to get to know and truly understand each other, Virgo and Aquarius can have an incredibly rewarding relationship. 
Famous Virgo and Aquarius Couples
Together:
Broken up:
More Pairings for Virgo and Aquarius 
Your May Horoscope Has Officially Arrived!
Your Zodiac Sign Says A Lot About Your Bed Routine
All About the 12th House in Astrology
Taurus Celebrities Are the Best Celebrities 
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Shoes 
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 27
Your Horoscope for the Week of April 27
Your Horoscope for the New Moon in Taurus
All About Your “Big Three”
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Sunglasses
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 20-26
This Week's Horoscope Is a Doozy!
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.