Unbeatable food 🤝 Southern hospitality.
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
You’ve probably daydreamed about countless glam getaways abroad—Bali, the Maldives, maybe Cabo. But have ever you considered switching it up and adding an underrated domestic destination to your vision board? Stick with me here: There are some pretty incredible hidden gems right here in the USA that offer the kind of R&R you want from a good vacation. And one city that should be on your radar? Dallas. That’s right, Texas baby!I was a Lone Star State virgin for quite some time, but after a stay at The Ritz-Carlton’s newly-renovated Dallas property, I’m ready to recommend it to everyone I meet. Stepping out in Dallas is like stepping into a city designed and maintained by Walt Disney himself—everyone is so polite, the streets are clean enough to eat off of (but...don't), and the food is like a party in your mouth. And this hotel? Well, it was a shining star within the already-wonderful city. 
Needless to say, I would return to Beyoncé’s home state in a heartbeat. And if you want to follow my lead, keep reading for my full review of The Ritz-Carlton, Dallas, along with everything you need to do, see, and eat when you book your trip.
THE FIRST IMPRESSIONS
 As I mentioned, the Ritz-Carlton Dallas recently underwent a multi-million dollar renovation, and by the time I got there, it was giving rich. I pretty much felt like American royalty the moment I walked in. And after learning about the rooftop pool, swanky spa, impressive gym, mouth-watering in-room dining, live entertainment on the patio, and Krigler fragrances in the lobby...I decided there was no real reason to leave the hotel premises. 
The room I was staying in was larger than most New York City apartments (IYKYK), and the furniture would impress even the pickiest interior designer. I'm talking custom-made everything. Oh, and if you visit, don’t even bother packing shampoo. Because the complimentary toiletries? They’re Diptyque. CAN YOU EVEN?! (Yes, I took them all home with me.)
THE AMENITIES
Take it from me: You need to book yourself a spa treatment while you're here. Before exploring Dallas, I settled in and indulged in a Diamond Botanical Ritual at the hotel’s spa. The full-body treatment is supposed to help detoxify the body, boost immunity, and exfoliate your skin. I left feeling like a brand new person. Pro tip: arrive 30+ minutes early to your scheduled appointment to take full advantage of the hot tub, sauna, and steam rooms.
When you finally peel yourself away from the spa, go get a history lesson at the Krigler perfume store in the lobby. The manager, Yahivic, will walk you through tales of grandeur, and teach you how every signature scent came to be. She also knows who wore them! Want to smell like Jackie O.? Lovely Patchouli 55 is for you. Rather embody a modern-day princess? Try Extraordinaire Camelia 209, which Kate Middleton uses. 
Traveling is exhausting, which is why you're going to want to order room service immediately upon arrival (I did). Luckily, the menu at the Ritz-Carlton—which includes the most refreshing watermelon and feta salad and the fluffiest mashed potatoes I've ever had—is the stuff of dreams, and will get you feeling right. You can get it delivered to your bed (pretty sure my French toast was flown in directly from France), or even poolside. Either way, you deserve it.
Then there's the famous Fearing's, located in the lobby. If you’re in the mood for a five-star dining experience, this Southwest-inspired spot is where you'll wanna post up. It's the brainchild of celebrity chef Dean Fearing, and known for bold flavors and unique choices in meat. I highly recommend trying the buffalo and antelope! 
If you choose to head off-property (not that you’d need to!), I recommend checking out lunch at Beto & Son, a Mexican restaurant that brings a fresh and modern vibe to old-school family cooking. Fun fact about Dallas? The frozen margarita was invented here. And no one makes 'em quite like Beto & Son! Try the Liquid Nitrogen Margarita (which is made with actual liquid nitrogen and is prepared tableside with lots of bubbles) for proof.
Or, if you want to chow down somewhere with great views of the city, try Crown Block, located a block away from the city courthouse. They've got a hefty menu with a killer dessert section. The Society Party Cake, made with caramelized bananas and milk chocolate mousse, is heaven.
THE BOTTOM LINE
As far as I'm concerned, Dallas is being slept on. It deserves to be part of your 2024 travel plans, and The Ritz-Carlton is the perfect home away from home while you're in town. It's pure luxury, with refined rooms and the Southern hospitality people always talk about. If you're looking to treat yourself, do it here.
(FYI: The writer received comped accommodations, meals, and spa experiences during this getaway.)
Underrated Summer Travel Spots to Add to Your List
Cabo's Waldorf Astoria Is a Must-Visit in Mexico
I Had the Vibiest Vacay at AREV St. Tropez Hotel
Wanna Know What a Trip to the Masters Is Like? 
Looking to Book a Solo Trip This Year? 
Costa Rica’s Villa Avellana Is Next-Level Luxury
Inside: Cosmo Editor-Approved Hotels and Resorts
Nômade Tulum Was the Escape I Desperately Needed
An Honest Review of the Conrad Los Angeles Hotel
An Honest Review of Grand Hyatt Deer Valley
Only the Best Girls' Trip Destinations in the U.S.
Group Trip? Book This Luxe Vacay Home in Michigan
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.