“Barack Obama in Onawa” by IowaPolitics.com is licensed under CC BY-SA 2.0.
Barack Obama has shared his 2024 summer playlist, and mounting suspicions have been confirmed: The former president is having a Brat Summer.
In this latest dispatch of his longstanding yearly tradition, Obama shows his usual carefully honed balance of time-tested classics, throwback favorites and current pop hits. The former president’s selections span a variety of genres and eras, artfully and intentionally reflecting a diverse crosssection of American popular music. “With summer winding down, I wanted to share some songs that I’ve been listening to lately – and it wouldn’t be my playlist if it didn’t include an eclectic mix,” the 44th President wrote in an accompanying tweet. “I hope you find something new to listen to!”
Front and center in the latest songs to receive the President’s seal of approval are recent chart-topping pop cuts, including Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” Tommy Richman’s “Million Dollar Baby,” Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold ‘Em,” from the artist’s widely acclaimed eighth studio album Cowboy Carter, and Charli XCX’s “360,” which, alongside the greater album Brat has become a central component of Vice President Kamala Harris’ music-centered branding. R&B and hip-hop tracks also take up considerable share with Hope Tala’s “I Can’t Even Cry,” WILLOW’s “Symptom of Life,” Moneybagg Yo and Morgan Wallen’s “Whiskey Whiskey” and throwbacks like 2Pac’s “How Do You Want It,” Blackstreet’s “No Diggity,” Diggable Planets “Rebirth of Slick (Cool Like Dat)” and Jill Scott’s “Golden” getting a nod.
As always, Obama’s favorites place an emphasis on classics. This year, those familiar favorites from the vinyl days to take the spotlight include The Rolling Stones’ “(I Can’t Get No) Satisfaction,” Charles Mingus’ “Wednesday Night Prayer Meeting,” The Miracles’ “You Really Got a Hold on Me” and The Supremes’ “Where Did Our Love Go.” Of particular interest to Relix readers will be standards including Bob Dylan’s “Silvio,” Nick Drake’s “One of These Things First,” Bob Marley & The Wailers’ “Them Belly Full (But We Hungry)” and Lucinda Williams’ “Unsuffer Me.”
See President Obama’s full list of favorites below.
With summer winding down, I wanted to share some songs that I’ve been listening to lately – and it wouldn’t be my playlist if it didn’t include an eclectic mix. I hope you find something new to listen to! pic.twitter.com/aL400Ctpde
— Barack Obama (@BarackObama) August 12, 2024
Watch: Phish Become ‘Seinfeld’ Cast in New ‘Everybody’s Live with John Mulaney’ Sketch
Billy Strings Performs for Kids at Michigan’s Helen DeVos Children’s Hospital
H.O.R.D.E. Core: Phish, Blues Traveler, Widespread Panic & Aquarium Rescue Unit Revisit the Touring Festival
Listen: Bruce Springsteen Previews Unreleased Film Soundtrack ‘Faithless,’ from ‘Tracks II: The Lost Albums’
Daze Between New Orleans Day Two: Odes to The Allman Brothers Band, Meters and More
Listen: Van Morrison Shares “Cutting Corners,” Second Preview Single from ‘Remembering Now’
Listen: Warren Haynes Unveils Four ‘Million Voices Whisper’ Bonus Tracks, Including Classic Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young Cover
Copyright © Relix Media Group LLC.
All Rights Reserved.

Oniracom

1 Year. 8 Issues. Only $24.95