All products featured on Architectural Digest are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Beyoncé fans sent the fashion world into a shimmery silver craze when the “Cuff It” singer requested that BeyHive devotees wear chrome to her concert as a birthday gift. Kim Kardashian (who was in attendance at the Grammy winner’s celebratory September 4th show—alongside, among others, Jeff Bezos) is making sure the trend won’t conclude with the Renaissance tour. The socialite and entrepreneur just put her stamp of approval on the shiny shade as a decorative accent.
The Skims cofounder created a minute-long video for her 9.3 million TikTok followers in the platform’s viral “of course” format. She tours viewers through the headquarters of SKKN, her skin care company, where a life-size, chrome-colored version of her actual brain sits on display on her office desk. Back in December, Kardashian posted a video to Instagram showing off the 3D model. The conversation piece was a gift she received from the medical company Prenuvo, with whom she’s partnered in the past. Now we know where she keeps the offbeat present.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Using chrome tones to decorate seems to be a family affair, as the reality TV star’s firstborn child, North West, has also hopped on the trend. The 10-year-old posted a video showing off her new glittery set of diamond grills to TikTok last night. And just yesterday, West’s dad, rapper Kanye West, posted a video to Instagram showing off his own new grills in the same color.
Nothing about resplendent silver screams second place, if you ask us. Fans of the chrome trend looking to add a little sheen to their interior spaces à la Kim Kardashian can weave it in in bits and pieces with items like the below selection.
MoMA Design Store
CB2
Georg Jensen
The Studio Has Tons of A-List Cameos—Including Some of the Best Midcentury-Modern Architecture in LA
50 Cent’s Houses: Exploring the Rapper’s Over-The-Top Real Estate Portfolio
The Full House Victorian in San Francisco Sells for $6 Million
The Residence Offers a Peek Inside the White House—but What Really Goes Into Running the President’s Private Quarters?
Severance Twists the Mundane Trappings of the Office Into a Mind-Bending Hellscape
Inside Lana Condor’s Completely Transformed Dream Home
Actor Walton Goggins and Director Nadia Conners Imagine a New Life in the Hudson Valley
5 Secrets of the SNL Sets You Probably Didn’t Know
Not a subscriber? Join AD for print and digital access now.
Browse the AD PRO Directory to find an AD-approved design expert for your next project.
Subscriptions
Connect with AD
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Architectural Digest may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices