Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and popular culture. She has covered fashion, culture, art and music extensively. Marni joined Newsweek in 2024 from Frasers Group and had previously written for Cosmopolitan, Schon, The Fall and Voir Fashion. She is a graduate of The University of Edinburgh. You can get in touch with Marni by emailing m.mcfall@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Rapper Eminem will join former President Barack Obama tonight at a rally in his home state of Michigan for Vice President Kamala Harris.
The rapper is not expected to perform but will reportedly welcome Obama and speak about the presidential race.
Eminem is a long-time critic of former President Donald Trump, the Republican nominee, previously saying a "f****** turd would have been a better president." In 2017, he released a diss track aimed at the then-president, which led to the rapper being interviewed by the Secret Service over "threatening" lyrics.
Obama is a long-time fan of Eminem's, having previously revealed that he would listen to the track 'Lose Yourself,' while on the campaign trail in 2008.
Michigan is one of seven crucial battleground states in the 2024 presidential election. Tuesday's rally comes as the election is two weeks away, and Harris and Trump are locked in a dead-heat race for the White House.
While Eminem has yet to formally endorse Harris, given his prior remarks about Trump, there was little question about who the grandfather-to-be would be supporting.
Megan Thee Stallion: The three-time Grammy award-winning musician performed at Harris' first campaign rally in Atlanta on July 30. She sang her song " Body" and said, "I know my ladies in the crowd love their bodies. And if you want to keep loving your body—you know who to vote for!"
She also told the crowd that "real savages" vote when performing her song "Savage."
Lizzo: Michigan native Lizzo joined Harris at a campaign event in her hometown of Detroit on October 19 to mark the beginning of early voting.
Usher: The same day, Usher spoke at a campaign rally with Harris in Atlanta, where he said, "I'm supporting Vice President Harris because she fights for everyone's rights and freedoms."
Lil Jon: The Atlanta rapper and producer represented Georgia in the delegate portion of the Democratic National Convention in August. He told the crowd, "We are officially here tonight to nominate Kamala Harris for president," before performing a rendition of "Turn Down for What."
Maren Morris: The country artist performed on the third day of the Democratic National Convention in August, embracing the Harris-Walz campaign.
Quavo: The rapper spoke at Harris' campaign rally in Atlanta on July 30, saying, "If you've never voted before, make sure you get out and vote right now, cause this is the real one."
Lance Bass: The former NSYNC member appeared in one of Harris' first TikTok videos, saying, "Hey Kamala, what are we gonna say to Donald Trump in November?" She responded, "Bye, bye, bye," in reference to the NSYNC lyric.
Stevie Wonder: The singer spoke on the third day of the DNC before performing the song "Higher Ground."
Other prominent musicians who have endorsed Harris include Taylor Swift, Cher, John Legend, Stevie Nicks, Olivia Rodrigo, Neil Young, Willie Nelson, Moby, Lil Nas X, Katy Perry, Kesha, Jon Bon Jovi, James Taylor, Beyoncé, Charli XCX, Billie Eilish, Bon Iver, Ariana Grande, Barbra Streisand, Cardi B and Bruce Springsteen.
Do you have a story we should be covering? Do you have any questions about this story? Contact LiveNews@newsweek.com.
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Newsweek is committed to journalism that's factual and fair.
Hold us accountable and submit your rating of this article on the meter. 
Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and popular culture. She has covered fashion, culture, art and music extensively. Marni joined Newsweek in 2024 from Frasers Group and had previously written for Cosmopolitan, Schon, The Fall and Voir Fashion. She is a graduate of The University of Edinburgh. You can get in touch with Marni by emailing m.mcfall@newsweek.com.
Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and popular culture. She has covered fashion, culture, art and music extensively. Marni joined Newsweek in 2024 from Frasers Group and had previously written for Cosmopolitan, Schon, The Fall and Voir Fashion. She is a graduate of The University of Edinburgh. You can get in touch with Marni by emailing m.mcfall@newsweek.com.
Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC