Kamala Harris and Tim Walz will crisscross the United States to visit all seven battleground states in the coming days, part of a final blitz before the Nov. 5 election.
Harris, the Democratic presidential nominee, spent Sunday in Philadelphia, attending church services in the morning and visiting a barbershop. The vice president also plans to stop at a Puerto Rican restaurant and a youth basketball facility.
She has tried to keep the focus on abortion rights in the closing stretch of the campaign, including during appearances with Beyoncé and Michelle Obama. In an interview with CBS News that aired Sunday, Harris declined to say whether she would support any restrictions on abortion, emphasizing the need to restore Roe v. Wade.
“It is that basic,” Harris said.
The nationwide right to abortion was overturned two years ago by the conservative majority on the Supreme Court, including three justices nominated by then-President Donald Trump.
“My first priority is to put back in place those protections and to stop this pain and to stop this injustice that is happening around our country,” Harris said.
She also brushed off Trump’s claim that he would not sign a national abortion ban if elected. “He says everything, come on,” Harris said. “Are we really taking his word for it?”
While Harris campaigns in swing state Pennsylvania, her running mate will be in Las Vegas on Sunday. On Monday, the Minnesota governor will visit Manitowoc and Waukesha, Wisconsin, before joining Harris for a rally in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Singer Maggie Rogers is expected to perform.
Harris will be in the nation’s capital on Tuesday to deliver what her campaign calls her “closing argument” in a speech from the Ellipse, a grassy space adjacent to the National Mall. It’s the same place where then-President Donald Trump spoke on Jan. 6, 2021, when the Republican called on his supporters to march on the Capitol.
Walz will campaign on Tuesday in Savannah and Columbus, Georgia.
Harris plans to visit North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin on Wednesday. The event in Madison, Wisconsin, is expected to feature musical performances by Mumford & Sons and others.
Walz will be in Charlotte and Asheville, North Carolina, that day.
Harris will rally in Reno, Las Vegas, and Phoenix on Thursday. The band Maná will perform in Las Vegas and Los Tigres del Norte will perform in Phoenix.
Walz plans to campaign in Harrisburg and Erie, Pennsylvania, and Detroit.
___
Republished with permission of the Associated Press.
October 27, 2024 at 11:18 am
There is not an original thought in her tiny brain.  Trump says no taxes on tips.  What does Kammy do?  Trump visits a barbershop in Philly.  What does Kammy do?  What’s next McDonalds?  I would love to see Kammy go on the Joe Rogan show.  There is no way in hell that will happen though.  She just isn’t smart enough.
October 27, 2024 at 3:20 pm
They superimposed Karambulas head onto an old 70s picture of a Canadian woman who died of cancer then got caught. Nothing shows desperation more than that. They just can’t admit she lies, yet they cry about others lying? These people are real pieces of work.
October 28, 2024 at 2:40 am
I essentially make about $9,000-$13,000 every month on the web. It’s sufficient to serenely supplant my old employments pay, particularly considering I just work around 10-13 hours every week from home. I was stunned how simple it was after I attempted it duplicate underneath web…..
Begin here>>>>>>>>> Payathome9.Com
October 27, 2024 at 3:15 pm
I can’t tell is it emotional political panhandle for votes
Or just trade with nothing in return
October 27, 2024 at 3:16 pm
Imaging running on the promise of fixing all the problems you and your party created in the first place. Yes, there are people dumb enough to buy into it, hook, line and sinker.
October 27, 2024 at 4:45 pm
Yup.
Comments are closed.
Florida Politics is a statewide, new media platform covering campaigns, elections, government, policy, and lobbying in Florida. This platform and all of its content are owned by Extensive Enterprises Media.
Publisher: Peter Schorsch @PeterSchorschFL
Contributors & reporters: Phil Ammann, Drew Dixon, Roseanne Dunkelberger, Liam Fineout, A.G. Gancarski, Ryan Nicol, Jacob Ogles, Cole Pepper, Andrew Powell, Jesse Scheckner, Janelle Taylor, Drew Wilson, and Mike Wright.
Email: [email protected]
Twitter: @PeterSchorschFL
Phone: (727) 642-3162
Address: 204 37th Avenue North #182
St. Petersburg, Florida 33704
© Copyright by Extensive-Enterprises 2025. All rights reserved. STAFF LOGIN