Instead of chasing what everyone else is wearing, she's returning to her all-time favorites.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

I've written about dozens of collaborations in my years as a fashion editor, from folksy cottagecore dresses at Dôen and Gap to nearly-naked two-piece sets for J.Crew and Maryam Nassir Zadeh. Alexa Chung's collection for Madewell, arriving online today, September 4, zigs where other collaborations zag. Instead of gently tweaking 2024 trends in its favor, it goes the anti-fall trend route. I, for one, am grateful.
Alexa Chung designed a 14-piece capsule for Madewell, including this suede coat and slouchy jeans.
Alexa Chung for Madewell consists of 14 pieces that would look as at-home in Chung's closet today as they would in her 2010, Tumblr-filtered heyday—which is the same year she first collaborated with Madewell. Now in her forties and still very much part of the fashion scene, Chung knows what is (and isn't) a reflection of her personal style. The collection's tight edit of voluminous-but-wearable denim maxi skirts and relaxed straight-leg jeans prove it. But this isn't a collection just for It girls: All items are available in sizes 23–33 with prices starting at $128.
Alexa Chung first designed a collection for Madewell in 2014. 
It isn't totally accurate to call Alexa Chung for Madewell exempt from fall denim trends. The collection's lookbook includes denim-on-denim outfits—a style Bella Hadid and Beyoncé have also favored heading into fall—as well as extra-long maxi skirts resembling runways from Stella McCartney to Ganni. '70s suedes also show up in the form of a mini skirt suit and a floor-grazing duster jacket; we've all seen the boho revival these items could fit into. The difference is that they're cut into easygoing shapes that can last. Alexa Chung herself spoke about their longevity and wearability. "These pieces easily fit into my wardrobe because they’re incredibly personal," she told Vogue in a brief interview about the collection.
Alexa Chung's twists on Madewell denim and classic shirting will return for a second drop in November.
Fall trends are going to come, go, and circle back again in a few years. To me, Alexa Chung for Madewell's slouchy jeans and no-fuss button-up shirts have the longevity to last through every fashion cycle. Scroll down to shop the first timeless drop that's bound to sell out—and if it does, don't fret. You'll can get another fill of 2014 Tumblr-approved styles in a second drop arriving in November.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

It set the standard for greener, more responsible ingredients.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


A royal historian and former royal butler weigh in.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


It also comes from an insider-favorite Adidas collaborator.


I can't resist following their lead.


From her closet to our carts.


Here's exactly what to buy.


We can all learn something from her sophisticated styling.


It's chic in any zip code.


All A-listers seem to love this shoe.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.