search
Deals from Fisher Island to North Palm Beach ranged from $9.4M to $12.9M
SHARE THIS ARTICLE
FONT SIZE
In the latest roundup of South Florida luxury residential deals, a home tech mogul, a tobacco and real estate heiress and a retired music industry boss bought and sold homes in the tri-county region. 
The deals spanned from Fisher Island to North Palm Beach, and ranged in price from $9.4 million to $12.9 million. 
Golden Beach
In Golden Beach, smart home tech mogul Marc Farbstein bought a half-acre waterfront lot for $9.4 million.
Records show Farbstein’s trust bought the site at 416 Golden Beach Drive from a Florida entity named for the address and managed by Natalia Vlasova. The entity was previously registered to former hockey player Darius Kasparaitis and Luibov Temkina, according to business records.  Kasparaitis now runs the development firm Verzasca Group in Miami.
Alan Eskenazi Bone of Miles Goldstein Real Estate and Timur Lobanov of Verzasca International Realty had the listing. Ryan and Max Farbstein of Official brought the buyer. 
Marc Farbstein is CEO of Premium Digital Control & Automation, a Hollywood-based home automation tech firm. He flipped a waterfront Fort Lauderdale home for $11.8 million last year. The Golden Beach site he bought comes with plans for a mansion, Eskenazi Bone confirmed. The selling entity bought the site for $3.2 million in 2021, records show. 
Fisher Island 
The eldest daughter of Vector Group founder and chairman Bennett LeBow, Karen Eisenbud, sold her Fisher Island condo for $10.5 million.
Records show Eisenbud’s LLC sold unit 5263 at 5263 Fisher Island Drive in the island’s Bayview building to Marcel Bach, who owns the luxury real estate brokerage Bach Immobilien in Gstaad, Switzerland.
The Vector Group is a holding company for cigarette maker Liggett Vector Brands and the real estate firm New Valley Realty, and is led by president and CEO Howard M. Lorber. 
Karla Abaunza with Luxury Living Realty had the listing, and Maria Martinez with Konsulent Group brought the buyer.
Eisenbud’s late mother, Geraldine LeBow, bought the unit for $1.7 million in 2004, records show. The condo spans 3,800 square feet, four bedrooms, four bathrooms and one half-bathroom, according to property records. Eisenbud listed the condo for $11 million in May and went into contract earlier this month. 
North Palm Beach
In North Palm Beach’s Lost Tree Village, former Capitol Records CEO Steve Barnett sold his house for $12.9 million.
Records show Steve and Nancy Barnett sold the home at 1225 Lake Worth Lane to Kimberly Dimeo. She is the wife of Brad Dimeo, who heads his family’s Rhode Island construction firm Dimeo Construction. 
James Kenny and Paul Kaneb of K2 Realty had the listing. 
Steve Barnett had a decades-long career as a music executive, ending with an eight-year stint as chairman and CEO of Capitol Records. He worked closely with Universal Music Group CEO Lucian Grainge, and artists like Paul McCartney, Beyoncé, Adele, AC/DC and Elton John over the course of his 50 year career, the Los Angeles Times reported. 
He and his wife, Nancy Barnett, bought the half-acre Lost Tree Village property for $2.3 million in 2017, records show. They built the 5,500-square-foot house in 2019, and it has four bedrooms, five bathrooms, two half-bathrooms and a pool. The deed links them to a home in Key West. They sold their Beverly Hills mansion for $17 million in 2019. 
All rights reserved © 2025 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc.