Tina Knowles is clarifying her reasoning behind a shady post she interacted with on social media aimed at Janet Jackson. Knowles, who is the mother of Grammy-winning artists Beyoncé and Solange, addressed her followers on Instagram about a post that was criticizing Jackson's ticket sales.
“I am saddened by this. Janet Jackson is an icon and I would never question another artist. I took Destiny’s Child to see Janet when they were 15 years old. They always looked up to her and she opened doors for Beyoncé,” she captioned the IG video.
“Why would I hate on her ? I know now not to be in a rush and to be very careful. (I learned my lesson) ! Especially when I have so much going on.. I just wanted to clarify. . I do know that you can see people’s likes so I would be pretty dumb to do that.”
In the video, Knowles continued to praise Jackson for her large production for tours noting that she knows firsthand how much those productions cost after touring with Beyoncé. Knowles also acknowledged the legacy of the Jackson family calling them the "first family of music."

A post shared by

Just as Knowles mentioned in her video, she likes to use her platform to promote positivity, especially when it's about one of her girls. The fashion designer took to Instagram last month to celebrate Beyoncé's success in the box office for Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé. 
"When you see how hard someone works and all the sacrifices they make because for the last month my child was in a studio almost 24 hours a day I was with her most of that time sleeping in the studio," she wrote on Instagram. "She only went to take her kids to school to shower and come back."
Tina continued: "There are only a few people that understand how hard she works! how she works on every single thing that goes out in a movie or a video or a tour . #that is why I ride so hard for her !!! She deserves every accolade that she gets."
According to Deadline, Beyoncé had the No. 1 movie in the U.S. for the first weekend. The film grossed $22 million at the box office.
Even if you couldn't get tickets for Beyoncé's Renaissance World Tour, you surely have seen many of the highlights online. The tour started back in May overseas, and the multi-hyphenate performer has not skipped a beat since.
The Renaissance tour is in support of her Grammy-winning album of the same name. Renaissance scored Beyoncé her seventh No. 1 album on the Billboard 200 when it was released last year. At the 2023 Grammy Awards, the singer became the most-awarded artist in Grammy history. Hungarian-British orchestral and operatic conductor Georg Solti previously held the title with 31 Grammy wins. She took the lead with her acceptance of Best Dance/Electronic Music Album for Renaissance, her 32nd.
"I want to thank God for protecting me. Thank you, God. I'd like to thank my Uncle Johnny, who's not here, but he's here in spirit," Beyoncé began when she took the stage. "I'd like to thank my parents, my father, my mother for loving me and pushing me. I'd like to thank my beautiful husband, my beautiful three children who are at home watching. I'd like to thank the queer community for your love and for inventing this genre. God bless you. Thank you so much to the Grammys. Thank you."
That night she also won Best Traditional R&B Performance for "Plastic Off The Sofa," Best R&B Song for "Cuff It," and Best Dance/Electronic Recording for "Break My Soul."
Her Grammy acceptance came four days after the announcement of her Renaissance World Tour. She has been able to see fans all over the world; her dates have included Paris, Stockholm, New Jersey, Boston, Los Angeles, her home city of Houston, and more before ending the tour on Oct. 1 in Kansas City.
The Renaissance World Tour marks Beyoncé's first tour in five years. Her last tour was in 2018 for On The Run II alongside husband Jay-Z.
Take a look at nine viral moments from the Renaissance World Tour below:
It was a huge surprise when Blue Ivy joined Beyoncé on stage for the first time during the Renaissance Tour back in May. She showed off her dancing skills as Beyoncé performed "My Power" and "Black Parade" during the Paris tour stop. After her performance, Beyoncé took to Instagram to share how proud she was of her daughter.
"My beautiful first born [prayer emoji] I’m so proud and thankful to be your mama," she captioned the post. "You bring us so much joy, my sweet angel."

A post shared by

This was not the first time Blue Ivy has joined her mother on stage. For Beyoncé's Dubai performance, they sang "Brown Skin Girl," which is from Beyoncé's 2019 Lion King companion album. "Brown Skin Girl" won Best Music Video at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards. Blue made an appearance in the visual and is credited as a songwriter and contributed vocals to the record. She won her first Grammy for the song and became the second youngest at age nine to win the award.
Take a look at a recent video of Blue Ivy dancing with Beyoncé below:
https://twitter.com/beyonceaccess/status/1695130481342198033
(Photo by Chris Graythen/Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
Some fans were convinced that Beyoncé shaded Donald Glover's Amazon Prime series Swarm when she was performing the Renaissance track "America Has a Problem." She shouts to the crowd, "Swarm on these hands, n----!"
The series, which features Dominique Fishback and her mentee Chlöe Bailey, is about the extreme fandom and how it leads Fishback's character (Andrea) to commit violent acts due to an obsession with a pop star (who seems to resemble Beyoncé). The series came out shortly before Beyoncé hit the road.
However, it could also just be a coincidence that Beyoncé used the word "swarm" and did not call out the series since she is dressed in a bee-inspired stage costume. The "shade" was never addressed by either party publicly.
Take a look at the moment here.
Erykah Badu pointed out that she and Beyoncé wore similar hats on their tours. "Hmm. I guess I’m everyone’s stylist. My favorite chrome mirror hat," the "Better Call Tyrone" singer captioned a side-by-side photo of she and Beyoncé wearing the hats.
She additionally went into Beyoncé's comments writing, "I’m flattered."
The Renaissance creator responded by shouting her out in the "Break My Soul (The Queens Remix)," she typically sings "Badu, Lizzo, Kelly Rowl." However, during the Boston performance, she just sang "Badu, Badu, Badu, Badu."
Fans believed she was responding to Badu's shady comment but also in the same breath shading Lizzo due to her recent harassment allegations by her former tour dancers.
Take a look at the moment below:
https://twitter.com/PopBase/status/1686569615147892736
Beyoncé was able to make a couple's day when she was asked to reveal the sex of their unborn child during her Germany tour stop. A backup dancer handed Beyoncé a small white envelope with a red heart sticker.
"I’ve seen this sign that says do my gender reveal, I just want to do this right," Beyoncé said before being handed the envelope.
"Girls," she told the crowd making a nod to her song 2011 hit "Run the World," but the envelope read singular "Girl."
"Congratulations," the "Cuff It" singer said. "Congratulations beautiful. God bless you."
Take a look at the moment below:
The tour announcement came seven months after the release of Renaissance in 2022 so everyone had time to memorize the lyrics before they attended a show. So, it should not have come as a surprise when "Energy" was performed and Beyoncé sang, "Big wave in the room, the crowd gon' move/Look around everybody on mute," the audience is supposed to go silent. After a few fails, the audience at her tour stops got the hang of it, and during Beyoncé's pause, they were able to get it together.
Take a look at Vegas' "mute challenge" below:
https://twitter.com/BeyLegion/status/1696028723190157730
(Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
Beyoncé is known for her visual albums and it is no secret that the Beyhive has wanted a visual component alongside Beyoncé's Renaissance. However, we've never gotten a direct response until now. During her Kentucky tour stop in July, she gave fans an answer. The singer responded, "You are the visuals baby" in a now-viral clip.
Take a look at the clip here.
Kendrick Lamar joined Beyoncé on stage during her birthday show (Sept. 4) in Los Angeles. The two performed the remix to Beyoncé's "America Has A Problem"; Kendrick is the featured artist on the song. Not only was Kendrick's surprise to the audience but when his mic went out that moment went viral because Beyoncé just began dancing. Take a look at that moment above.
In the middle of a costume change, Beyoncé ran on stage to embrace Diana Ross. The legendary singer came onto the Renaissance Tour as a surprise to Beyoncé.  Diana sang "Happy Birthday" to the star while the crowd joined in. Take a look at the moment above.
The Houston Hotties (aka Megan Thee Stallion and Beyoncé) linked up when the Renaissance creator surprised the crowd with Megan during her Houston tour stops. The two performed their Grammy-winning 2020 hit "Savage Remix" for the first time ever. Megan thanked Beyoncé for sharing the stage with her.
"I will never stop screaming about this moment! I have loved @beyonce MY WHOLE LIFE this means EVERYTHING TO ME!!! I love you [crown emoji] [bee emoji] thank you thank you thank you for everything," she captioned her TikTok.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!