Today's e-Edition
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Today's e-Edition

			Trending:		
One of the truly entertaining moments in an otherwise shaky 2024 Golden Globes Awards ceremony Sunday was when Selena Gomez was caught on video, rushing to Taylor Swift’s table to share some hot gossip with her and model Keleigh Sperry about something — or someone.
Page Six reported Monday that a professional lip reader, Jeremy Freeman, confirmed a theory put out by internet sleuths. It is that Gomez was whispering to her gal pals about how she had approached hot new couple Timotheé Chalamet and Kylie Jenner to ask Chalamet for a photo with them — and that Jenner waved her off.
Whatever Freeman believes he saw Gomez saying, Chalamet dismissed the idea that his girlfriend snubbed Gomez. When a reporter for TMZ spotted the “Wonka” star walking in Beverly Hills Monday night, the reporter rushed up to ask him if Jenner and Gomez had any conflicts. Chalamet quickly responded “no.” When asked if he and Gomez were “cool,” Chalamet said, “Yeah, of course,” the tried to walk off.
The idea that there was a snub gained traction Monday when people on the internet, as well as Freeman, whom Page Six identified Monday as a lip-reading expert, viewed one or more of the video clips that have been circulating on social media. The clips show  the moment that Gomez was caught conspiratorially sharing some hot gossip with the pop mega-star and with Sperry, the wife of Miles Teller.
Freeman deciphered the conversation for Page Six “exclusively,” and he said that Gomez went up to Swift and Sperry and told them, “He didn’t want a picture with me. He said no.”
Sperry appeared to clarify whom Gomez was talking about, Freeman explained. “Timothée?” Sperry asked, according to Freeman. Gomez replied with a nod.
In response to what Gomez said, Swift’s jaw dropped. But it is unclear what the “Bad Blood” singer replied as she leaned in to whisper in Gomez’s ear.
Before Chalamet brushed off the idea that he and Jenner snubbed Gomez, a source close to Swift denied this theory, telling Page Six that Gomez was not talking about Chalamet and Jenner. People magazine similarly quoted “a source close to Gomez” who said that the “Only Murders in the Building” star “was absolutely not referencing anything about Timothée or Kylie.” The source insisted to People that Gomez “never even saw or spoke to them.”
Chalamet and Jenner “turned heads” when they were arrived at The Beverly Hilton Sunday, sometime after Sunday night’s ceremony began, People reported. Attendees shared images on social media of the couple together at their table, sharing a kiss and appearing to be affectionate in other ways. Chalamet attended the Golden Globes because he was nominated for his role as Willy Wonka in the hit new film, “Wonka.”
Reports and rumors began to emerge last spring that Chalamet and Kylie Jenner were dating, much to the dismay of some of the Academy Award-nominated actor’s fans. They worry he could be tarnishing his image as a talented film artist by dating a member of the attention-seeking Kardashian family, known for their reality TV show and their many scandals, which often involve their tumultuous love lives.
Since then, Chalamet and Jenner have made a number of public appearances together, starting when they were seen kissing at Beyoncé’s Renaissance World Tour in early September, People said. They were also spotted at the 2023 U.S. Open and at a “Saturday Night Live” after-party following Chalamet’s hosting stint in November.
With this video of Gomez, Swift and Sperry at the Golden Globes, people who like to speculate on Chalamet and Jenner’s surprise romance have been left to ponder some theories, related to the idea that they didn’t want to be photographed with Gomez, according to the Daily Beast. 
Some wonder if their supposed refusal stems from Jenner being a possessive girlfriend, the Daily Beast said. Others suggested that the makeup mogul’s friendship with Hailey Bieber would keep her from wanting her boyfriend to be photographed with Gomez; Hailey Bieber, the “nepo baby” wife of Justin Bieber, famously does not get along with Gomez. Gomez and Justin Bieber, of course, dated on and off for several years.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group