E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			Trending:		
Beyoncé doesn’t play about keeping her three kids with Jay-Z out of the spotlight.
These days, Queen Bey rarely gives interviews, appears in public or posts about her personal life on social media — and the “Renaissance” artist says that’s all intentional.
“It’s very easy for celebrities to turn our lives into performance art,” she told GQ in an interview highlighting her recently launched whisky brand, SirDavis.
The 32-time Grammy winner says her priority is keeping her children’s lives protected from the public. “One thing I’ve worked extremely hard on is making sure my kids can have as much normalcy and privacy as possible, ensuring my personal life isn’t turned into a brand.”
“I have made an extreme effort to stay true to my boundaries and protect myself and my family. No amount of money is worth my peace,” she told the outlet.
When asked about her 12-year-old daughter, Blue Ivy Carter, joining her on the Renaissance Tour, the 43-year-old said she builds her schedule around her family.
“I try to only tour when my kids are out of school. I always dreamt of a life where I could see the world with my family and expose them to different languages, architecture and lifestyles,” she said, adding that her kids go “everywhere” with her.
“They come to my office after school, and they are in the studio with me. They are in dance rehearsals,” she said. “It’s natural that they would learn my choreography.”
But despite seemingly being able to do it all, Beyoncé contends that “raising three kids isn’t easy.”
“The older they get, the more they become their own individuals with unique needs, hobbies and social lives,” she explained. “Parenting constantly teaches you about yourself. It takes a lot of prayer and patience. I love it. It’s grounding and fulfilling.”
The “Cowboy Carter” artist also reflected on life before her three kids, when she and husband Jay-Z communicated much differently than today.
“Our children can FaceTime and see their friends at any given moment,” she said. “My husband and I? We used calling cards and Skype when we were falling in love. I couldn’t afford the international hotel bills, so I literally would get international calling cards to call him.”
The singer says it’s today’s “world of access” that inspired her not to accompany her latest releases, “Renaissance” and “Cowboy Carter,” with music videos.
“The music is so rich in history and instrumentation. It takes months to digest, research and understand. The music needed space to breathe on its own,” Beyoncé continued. “Sometimes a visual can be a distraction from the quality of the voice and the music. The years of hard work and detail put into an album that takes over four years! The music is enough. The fans from all over the world became the visual.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group