ODESZA performs during day two of the Governors Ball Music Festival on Saturday, June 10, 2023, at Flushing Meadows Corona Park in the Queens borough of New York.Invision/AP
The annual, three-day music festival Governors Ball, also known as Gov Ball, will be held at Flushing Meadows–Corona Park in Queens, NY on Friday, June 7 through Sunday, June 9, 2024.
The all-ages, multi-genre music festival will feature more than 60 performances across three stages from some of the biggest names in pop, rock, hip-hop, electronic and more.
Whether you’re a music festival aficionado or a first-timer wanting to get in on the fun, here’s everything you need to know about this year’s Gov Ball.
Related: Top 20 best summer music festivals of 2024 you don’t want to miss
Friday, June 7′s headliners include Post Malone and Rauw Alejandro. Other performers include Dominic Fike, Labrinth, Farruko, Alex G, Goth Babe and more.
Saturday, June 8′s headliners include The Killers and 21 Savage. Other performers include Carly Rae Jepsen, Sabrina Carpenter, Sexxy Red, TV Girl and more.
Sunday, June 9′s headliners include SZA and Peso Pluma. Other performers include Reneé Rapp, Don Toliver, Chappell Roan, Faye Webster and more.
Check out the full line-up and schedule here.
Governors Ball has limited general admission and VIP tickets available. Greater ticket availability and value can be found on secondary ticket market platforms like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek or StubHub.
Get a three-day ticket to experience the whole weekend, starting at $496 on Vivid Seats, $612 on SeatGeek or $450 on StubHub.
Get a one-day ticket for Friday, June 7, starting at $139 on Vivid Seats, $133 on SeatGeek or $117 on StubHub.
Get a one-day ticket for Saturday, June 8, starting at $156 on Vivid Seats, $157 on SeatGeek or $146 on StubHub.
Get a one-day ticket for Sunday, June 9, starting at $384 on Vivid Seats, $431 on SeatGeek or $360 on StubHub.
Start the party early or stick around after the festival for Governors Ball After Dark, where special artists perform individual sets at venues across NYC.
Tezzo Touchdown - Thursday, June 6 - Irving Plaza (16+) (TICKETS)
The Thing x Telescreens - Thursday, June 6 - Mercury Lounge (18+) (TICKETS)
TV Girl w/ Jordana - Thursday, June 6 - Warsaw (All Ages) (TICKETS)
Farruko - Friday, June 7 - The Venue at Hard Rock Hotel NY (21+) (TICKETS)
Flo - Friday, June 7 - Sony Hall (All Ages) (TICKETS)
Skizzy Mars w/ Hotline TNT - Friday, June 7 - Mercury Lounge (21+) (TICKETS)
Ryan Beatty - Saturday, June 8 - Bowery Ballroom (18+) (TICKETS)
d4vd - Tuesday, June 11 - Irving Plaza (16+) (TICKETS)
Looking for a place to stay near the festival? Find the best rates and options when you book your hotel through Expedia.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices