By 

	Thania Garcia


Toby Keith has posthumously earned his fifth No. 1 album, topping the Billboard 200 list (dated Feb. 17) with his nearly 16-year-old greatest hits compilation. 

	Including folk and country singles like “Who’s Your Daddy?,” and the Willie Nelson-featuring “Beer for My Horses,” Keith’s “35 Biggest Hits” just barely managed to take the No. 1 slot this week from Morgan Wallen’s “One Thing at a Time.” The latter, also a country album, has topped the chart for 18 nonconsecutive weeks since its release in March 2023. “One Thing” garnered 65,000 album units this week while Keith’s compilation album logged the equivalent of 66,000 units, including 64 million streams and 11,000 copies sold, according to data provided by Luminate. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					How to Watch the 2025 NBA Playoffs Online Without Cable		
			








	The country superstar, 62, died on Feb. 5 after battling stomach cancer, a diagnosis he first shared with the world in June 2022. “He fought his fight with grace and courage,” the confirmation statement uploaded to his website and social media reads.




			Popular on Variety		






	With a pair of country hitmakers owning the top two slots on the list, SZA’s “SOS” moves up to No. 3 following the R&B singer’s prominent placement at the Grammy Awards. SZA took home a total of three awards during the Feb. 4 show. She also treated audiences to a performance of “Kill Bill,” and premiered a new single called “Saturn” during the show’s commercial breaks. 

	At No. 4 this week is 21 Savage’s “American Dream,” and trailing close behind is Grammy-winning Album of the Year, Taylor Swift’s “Midnights.” Drake’s “For All the Dogs” is at No. 6; Noah Kahan’s “Stick Season” moves to No. 7; Swift’s chart-topping “1989 (Taylor’s Version)” is at No. 8 and her former leader “Lover” is at No. 9. Zach Bryan’s self-titled album rounds out the top 10. 

	On the singles chart, Jack Harlow reclaims his No. 1 with “Lovin on Me” entering its fifth nonconsecutive week at the peak. Meanwhile, Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” lifts to a new high at No. 2 as Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” jumps from No. 8 to No. 3. 

	Luke Combs’ “Fast Car,” which was nominated for best country solo performance, moves back into the Top 10 following Combs’ Grammys performance with Tracy Chapman, whose original version was released in 1988.

	Also getting a Grammys boost was Miley Cyrus’ “Flowers,” which lifted from No. 32 to No. 10 this week. Cyrus delivered a dazzling rendition of the anthem — which won record of the year and best pop solo performance — for the 66th annual ceremony. 
The Business of Entertainment