Next year's edition of the iconic festival will take place from June 25 to June 29
Glastonbury have announced ticket sale details for 2025. Find further details below.
The Somerset-based festival is notoriously hard to get tickets for. For this year’s edition, coach and ticket packages sold out in 25 minutes, and then the general ticket sale sold out in just under an hour.
Re-sale tickets – those that were unwanted by fans or for any balances that had not been paid – then went on sale in April. Coach and ticket options sold out in just 18 minutes, while general admission re-sale sold out in 22 minutes.
It followed the news that Glastonbury 2024 had the “highest percentage of ticket balances paid ever” – meaning that “very limited” tickets were available in the re-sale, according to festival boss Emily Eavis.
Now, organisers have announced that coach and ticket packages for Glastonbury 2025 will go on sale at 6pm (GMT) on November 14, followed by standard tickets at 6pm (GMT) on November 17. As always, you’ll need to register before buying tickets. Check out Glastonbury’s website for more information.
Glastonbury Festival 2025 tickets will go on sale on Thursday, November 14th (coach + ticket packages) and Sunday, November 17th (standard tickets).Info at https://t.co/iNoqjqbQ5T pic.twitter.com/hajhnEjwJb
— Glastonbury Festival (@glastonbury) October 10, 2024
General admission tickets will be £373.50 plus a £5 booking fee. After they inevitably sell out, re-sale will commence in spring, following the announcement of the line-up.
The 2025 festival will run from Wednesday, June 25 to Sunday, June 29. You can check out everything we know about it so far here.
As for next year’s headliners, nothing has been announced yet. However, Emily Eavis has confirmed she’s “already in talks with some acts”. Check out a list of artists rumoured to be taking to the Pyramid Stage in 2025 here.
Dua Lipa and Tame Impala’s Kevin Parker at Glastonbury 2024. CREDIT: Harry Durrant/Getty Images
This year’s festival saw Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA headline the Pyramid Stage at Worthy Farm, with Shania Twain taking the legends slot. Other artists to perform over the weekend included Little Simz, Justice, Avril Lavigne, The National, LCD Soundsystem, Fontaines D.C. and Idles.
In a four-star review, NME described Lipa’s Friday headline set as “a glittering celebration of pop in its highest form,” while calling Coldplay’s four-star performance on Saturday “a good crack at making history with a set that felt like home.”
NME gave SZA’s Sunday headline performance a four-star review, calling it “hypnotic and potent”, though it received a mixed reception due to the technical and audio difficulties the R&B star faced throughout her set.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.