By
With her talents and looks, you would think SZA would have many admirers. However, despite having plenty of fish to pick through she has trouble keeping them. During a recent interview with Chicken Shop Date‘s host Amelia Dimoldenberg, the singer says she “can’t keep a man.” The “Snooze” singer says while she has no problem getting dates, achieving a substantial relationship has been a bit out of her reach. “I feel like I can catch ’em, but I cannot keep ’em,” she began. 
The singer continued: “They get with me and they realize I’m f*cking weird, and then it’s just like, ‘Aight.’” SZA added, “The butt makes it seem like it’s normal. On the outside, like, I wanna shake a** an do all the normal things. But I also wanna just, like… I wanna swim in the swamp and I wanna, like, collect methane gas with my man. That’s my type of sh*t.” Check out the full conversation below. 
In other news, SZA recently linked up with Simone Biles ahead of the Paris Olympics. In the past, SZA has been open about her involvement in the sport during her youth. So it’s no surprise when the “Snooze” singer got a chance to link up with Biles, she jumped at the chance. Throughout the chat, the two discussed their love of the sport and even spent some time tumbling around. “This is my dream to talk to you. I’m not even kidding,” the singer gushed. SZA calls Biles her “wildest dream,” and says that “I just have never seen anything like you.”
On the music front,  SZA has revealed that her upcoming Lana album is ready to drop. During a recent set in London at Hyde Park, the singer told the crowd “New album, you ready?” To which the crowd immediately roared as she shared a sneak peek of a new track. No information about the album, other than its name has been released. Later, SZA shared a clip of the song’s lyrics on X, writing, “I know you told stories about me. most of them awful. All of them true. Here’s some for u.”
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97