Glastonbury is underway and it looks like there's already been some awkward encounters in the celebrity world.
The festival will see some of the biggest names in the music industry such as SZA, Shania Twain, Coldplay and Dua Lipa. But some other celebrities who aren't the best of friends risk coming face to face.
Mia Regan looked as stunning as ever as she went to day four of the festival on Saturday. The ex-girlfriend of Romeo Beckham wore black shorts with a matching bralette along with a green and white headscarf and walking boots, as her ex's brother Cruz Beckham went public with his new girlfriend.
Daisy Edgar-Jones has also been seen at the event wearing a white strappy top and denim shorts paired with wintery Hunter boots. Daisy put on a loved-up display with her boyfriend Ben Seed as they walked arm-in-arm around the field.
The couple looked loved up as they enjoyed the iconic festival together. Ben used to be in a relationship with Anya Taylor-Joy. Many other famous faces have also been spotted over the weekend. Lady Bird actress Saoirse Ronan made a surprise appearance during a Q&A for Andrew Haigh-directed film All Of Us Strangers at indoor cinema space Pilton Palais where she interviewed the filmmaker and stars Andrew Scott and Paul Mescal.
Meanwhile, Charlotte Church sang “Free Palestine” with a crowd of hundreds as she led an improvised number during an intimate and politically charged appearance at Glastonbury. Florence Pugh also revealed she is “tiptoeing” towards directing and producing films, as she appeared during a Dune: Part Two Q&A.
Whether you want to relive your favourites from the Pyramid stage or missed out on tickets, Amazon has launched a pre-Amazon Prime Day deal that means you can listen to millions of songs including those from this year's top Glastonbury artists totally free. Amazon Prime members can get five months of music - streamed and downloaded for when you don't have wifi - completely free in a limited time deal.
Coldplay are set to become the first act to headline Glastonbury Festival five times. The Saturday performance marks the British band’s first Pyramid Stage appearance since 2016, and it will see them overtake The Cure, who have headlined the slot four times.
Dua Lipa described her Glastonbury experience as “the maddest night of my life” when she took to the stage on Friday and treated revellers to a selection of her popular tracks, including These Walls, Break My Heart, Hallucinate, Electricity, Physical and Don’t Start Now. “This has been a massive dream come true,” Dua Lipa said before adding, “Glastonbury, I love you.”
On Sunday, American R&B singer SZA will headline the festival, with country music star Shania Twain to play the coveted Legends slot. Festival-goers on Saturday can look forward to some sunny weather as they explore Worthy Farm and its many attractions.
A spokesperson for the Met Office told the PA news agency that Saturday will be “a dry day with sunny spells throughout the morning, some cloud building as we head into the afternoon”. There will be highs of 20-21C in the afternoon and the “possibility of overnight rain”. On Sunday there will be highs of 18-19C in the afternoon.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.