Music Discovery  Starts Here
Governors Ball Music Festival (photo by Charles Reagan, PR)
New York City is chock full of music this month, especially since June is NY Music Month — and one of the best events for a totally hybrid rock, pop, hip hop and dance immersion is the Governors Ball Music Festival, returning this weekend, June 7-9, at Flushing Meadows Corona Park in Queens.
The event, splashed across three days, is an eclectic smorgasbord no matter what you've got in mind,  from headliners SZA, Post Malone, and The Killers to bands and artists further down the bill who are destined for (and have already achieved) great things. That list includes the artists and bands who all participated in FUV's first Gov Ball pre-fest Q&A: Stephen Sanchez, Blondshell, Hippo Campus, Carly Rae Jepsen, Geese, Lauran Hibberd, Baby Queen, Cannons, and Fcukers.
There are still tix available for the Gov Ball weekend and public transportation makes it easy to get to Queens — so sort out your plans and check out these artists and their suggestions:
"It feels like all of the culture is in New York; it’s almost like we’re stepping out in front to play in front of the world. Also that’s one helluva big crowd." - Stephen Sanchez
"I’m from New York, so Gov Ball is the festival my friends and I went to growing up! It feels very full circle for me. I saw so many bands and artists there that I loved and I think it’s going to feel very nostalgic." - Blondshell's Sabrina Teitelbaum
"We’re stoked to be a part of the Gov Ball lineup this year! It’s been five years since our last Ball and we’re honored to play alongside such incredible artists in a city we hold dear to our hearts." - Hippo Campus's Nathan Stocker
"It’s an honor and privilege to be on the lineup for Gov Ball this year! We couldn’t be more excited and grateful to experience such an amazing festival with a truly incredible lineup! Means the world to us to be a part of it." - Cannons' Michelle Joy
"I’m 11/10 excited to be back in town for Governors Ball. It was a really celebratory feeling the last time we played in 2021. Musically, it’s one of those festivals where there is such a cool variety of artists that you just want to skip around and see everything at once. And this year is no different. All I can say is the band and I are thrilled to get to work and get the crowd dancing again." - Carly Rae Jepsen
"It’s literally a dream. Being a UK artist, and having Governors Ball be my first ever US festival is honestly crazy. I never thought I’d be able to go, let alone play. It’s going to be amazing. I feel so lucky." - Lauran Hibberd
"I’ve never been but have heard lots about Gov Ball, and I know it draws a large crowd. Playing a really large fest happening in my hometown is gonna be real fun! Hopefully, we’ll get to play for a lot more New Yorkers than we ever have before." - Geese's Emily Green
"It's exciting. I remember going to Gov Ball as a teenager; it feels like full circle to be playing it now." Fcukers' Shanny Wise
"This will actually be my first American festival so it's quite a big deal for me. New York is one of my favorite places in the world and I've wanted to play Governor's Ball for so long. I feel very lucky to be part of such an amazing lineup of artists." - Baby Queen
"Would absolutely murder to see Labrinth. I’d be keen to see Hippo Campus too. When I was in high school, I held a sign up at their show asking to play with them and they said no, now we’re in the same business. LOL." - Stephen Sanchez
"Honestly I’m really excited to see Post Malone. I’m a big fan and I’ve never seen him live. Plus I don’t feel like he plays in New York a lot!" - Blondshell's Sabrina Teitelbaum
"Hoping to catch TV Girl because French Exit was formative for us when we started our band." - Hippo Campus's Nathan Stocker
"We can’t wait to catch SZA and Chappell Roan, loving the lineup for our day! We love SZA and what she’s been doing and we all watched Chappell Roan's Coachella performance this year and were really impressed, instantly became fans, so we are very excited to see catch her set live!" - Cannons' Michelle Joy
"SZA, Killers, Post Malone and Sabrina Carpenter — love, love them all" - Carly Rae Jepsen
"I am obsessed with Chappell Roan right now, so I’m beyond excited for her set. The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess has been my favorite album release in the last year. She’s changing the game! It’s going to be awesome to watch her live for the first time at Gov Ball." - Lauran Hibberd
"There’s no one I’m super familiar with playing the day we are, so if I’ve got time I’d like to explore a bit. I’m curious to see Chappell Roan and SZA as well." - Geese's Emily Green
"Sexyy Red, 'SkeeYee.'" - Fcukers' Shanny Wise
"I would love to watch my mate G Flip, but we're on at the same time! I'm really looking forward to seeing Chappell [Roan] and obviously SZA. Faye Webster too. I've never seen her live and I really love her." - Baby Queen

View the discussion thread.

Listener-Supported Public Media from Fordham University