Kendrick Lamar is “Not Like Us.” 
In fact, he’s full of surprises.
The Pulitzer Prize-winning rapper released multiple diss tracks aimed at Drake earlier this year, dropped his new album “GNX” in November and just announced he’s embarking on the ‘Grand National Tour’ with SZA next year.
From April through June, the co-headliners will take their hit-filled catalogs to stadiums all over North America.
Midway through the run, they’re scheduled to play back-to-back nights at East Rutherford, NJ’s MetLife Stadium on Thursday, May 8 and Friday, May 9.
Prior to the nationwide trek, Lamar is slated to perform at the 2025 Super Bowl in New Orleans, LA on Sunday, Feb. 9. As of now, Jon Batiste, Lauren Daigle, Ledisi and Trombone Shorty are scheduled to join him but we’d bet SZA makes an appearance too.
“Rap music is still the most impactful genre to date,” the “Swimming Pools” rapper said, after he was announced as the halftime act back in September. “And I’ll be there to remind the world why. They got the right one.”
SZA has one non-tour date lined up as well. She’ll lend her talents to an iHeartRadio Jingle Ball show on Friday, Dec. 6 at Los Angeles, CA’s Intuit Dome alongside Tate McRae, Meghan Trainor, Kane Brown and more.
Fans can purchase tickets for all upcoming Kendrick Lamar and SZA shows on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale for the ‘Grand National Tour’ is Friday, Dec. 6.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all show dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found here.
Although we don’t know who will be playing at next year’s Super Bowl in New Orleans — well, it’ll obviously be the Chiefs and Lions but we don’t officially know this yet — Kendrick has been confirmed as the halftime entertainment.
If you want to be there for the big event, tickets can be picked up as soon as today. 
At the time of publication, prices start at $4,932 before fees on Vivid Seats and are subject to fluctuation.
As noted above, SZA has one Jingle Ball gig scheduled this year.
In addition to the aforementioned headliners, Benson Boone, Madison Beer, T-Pain, Paris Hilton and NCT Dream are also slated to perform at the Intuit Dome on Friday, Dec. 6.
You can grab tickets for the genre-bending one-off show here.
On June 19, Lamar put on a now legendary show at Inglewood, CA’s Kia Forum that ended with him playing his iconic “Not Like Us” Drake diss track five (!) times. Although he didn’t play anything from the yet-to-be-released “GNX,” this is what Kendrick took to the stage, courtesy of Set List FM.
01.) “euphoria”02.) “DNA.”03.) “ELEMENT.”04.) “Alright”05.) “Swimming Pools (Drank)”06.) “Money Trees”07.) “WIN” (Jay Rock cover)08.) “King’s Dead” (Jay Rock, Kendrick Lamar, Future & James Blake cover)09.) “6:16 in LA”10.) “Collard Greens” (ScHoolboy Q cover)
11.) “That Part” (ScHoolboy Q cover)12.) “King Kunta”13.) “m.A.A.d city (Part I)”14.) “HUMBLE.”15.) “Like That” (Future & Metro Boomin cover)16.) “Still D.R.E.” (Dr. Dre cover)17.) “California Love” (2Pac cover)18.) “Not Like Us”19.) “Not Like Us”20.) “Not Like Us”21.) “Not Like Us”22.) “Not Like Us”
The 35-year-old icon’s latest performance was a headlining gig at the Osheaga Music and Arts Festival in August 2024. According to Set List FM, here’s what she performed that day.
01.) “PSA”02.) “Love Galore”03.) “Go Gina”04.) “Broken Clocks”05.) “All the Stars” (Kendrick Lamar & SZA cover)06.) “Prom”07.) “Garden (Say It Like Dat)”08.) “Drew Barrymore”09.) “F2F”10.) “Forgiveless”11.) “Ghost in the Machine”12.) “Blind”13.) “Shirt”14.) “Kiss Me More” (Doja Cat cover)15.) “Kiss” (Prince cover)16.) “I Hate U”17.) “Snooze”18.) “Kill Bill”19.) “Low”20.) “Supermodel / Special”21.) “Nobody Gets Me”22.) “Normal Girl”23.) “Saturn”24.) “Rich Baby Daddy” (Drake cover)25.) “The Weekend”26.) “Good Days”27.) “20 Something”
On Nov. 22, Lamar shocked the world with his previously-unannounced sixth studio album “GNX.”
Made up of 12 tracks, the talented lyricist delivers his trademark speedy rhymes — that are almost impossible to get out of your head in the best way — over sparse drumbeats and samples.
Personally, our favorite tracks here are the impressively minimalist rapper’s delight “wacced out murals,” Latin-infused “reincarnated” and lively party-starter “tv off” feat lefty gunplay.
Stick around until the end, too. Kendrick teams up with SZA for the evocative, sensitive duet “gloria.” We can’t wait to hear this one live.
Want to check the record out for yourself? Click here to listen to “GNX.”
SZA’s 23-song, 2022 album “SOS” has proven to be a hit with critics and fans.
Rolling Stone said the record “delivers sharp barbs and juicy revelations” in a four-star review.
“SZA’s long, ambitious, luxurious new album solidifies her position as a generational talent,” raves Pitchfork. They summed up that sentiment calling her “otherworldly, but you just might know someone a little like her, too.”
If you want to brush up on the record before you see her live, you can stream “SOS” here.
Although it will be difficult to top Kendrick and SZA’s upcoming jaunt in terms of pure star power and scale, we’re just as excited to catch a number of big names live these next few months.
Here are just five we can’t wait to see in the near future.
• Tyler, The Creator
• Denzel Curry
• Mary J. Blige
• Trey Songz with Omarion and Bow Wow
• Rod Wave
Who else is on the road? Take a look at our list of all the 2025 Grammy nominees on tour over the next few months to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change