Photo: Getty Images
Jelly Roll revealed which celebrity he was looking forward to meeting most when he arrived Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles, California. The Nashville, Tennessee-born superstar caught up with iHeartRadio’s Tanya Rad and EJ on the red carpet (rather, the yellow carpet) during the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards - On The Carpet Live! Presented by Otezla on Monday evening (April 1).
“This is so cool, man. I feel like a little kid, I’m so excited,” Jelly Roll told Tanya Rad and EJ, and immediately gushed over the Memphis, Tennessee-born rapper. “GloRilla’s here! I’m so excited to meet GloRilla. I got so many people here that I’m fans of. Justin Timberlake’s here. Cher is here. I mean, what a night, dude. I’m like a fly on a bull’s butt! You know what I mean? This is a big deal, dude!”
When asked which celebrity Jelly would be most excited to collaborate with, the Whitsitt Chapel artist said “everybody here,” and listed GloRilla and SZA as “awesome” collab partners. Both Jelly Roll and Gorilla receive multiple nominations at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards, including in the Country Artist of the Year and Hip-Hop Song of the Year, respectively.
The genre-spanning awards show honors some of the biggest moments in music over the past year. Some of the artists receiving the most nominations include 21 Savage, Beyoncé, Billie Eilish, Blink-182, Carin León, David Kushner, Doechii, Doja Cat, Drake, Dua Lipa, Fall Out Boy, Foo Fighters, Grupo Frontera, Ice Spice, Jelly Roll, Jung Kook, Karol G, Lil Durk, Luke Combs, Megan Moroney, Metro Boomin, Miley Cyrus, Morgan Wallen, Noah Kahan, Olivia Rodrigo, Paramore, Peso Pluma, Rema, Selena Gomez, Shakira, SZA, Taylor Swift, The Weeknd, Tyla, Usher and Yng Lvcas.
See the list of 2024 iHeartRadio Music Award winners here.
Jelly Roll also spoke with Tanya Rad and EJ about genre boundaries in music and blurring those lines. He said music often transcends those boundaries, and he’s more interested in connecting with listeners and speaking for those who aren’t often spoken for. Jelly Roll, known for blended elements of multiple genres of music, joined forces with Lainey Wilson to perform “Save Me” during the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards (and followed the performance with a powerful acceptance speech). Other artists in the lineup included TLC, host Ludacris and more. Cher will receive the Icon Award, and Beyoncé is receiving the Innovator Award. 
If you missed any of the iconic moments from this year’s iHeartRadio Music Awards, or just want to relive them all, the show will be available to stream on Hulu the next day for 21 days.