Glastonbury is set to return in 2024, with the legendary festival scheduled from Wednesday, June 26, to Sunday, June 30. This year's headliners include Dua Lipa, Coldplay, and SZA, with Shania Twain gracing the Legends Slot.
A host of other artists are lined up to perform at the festival over the weekend, with a stellar line-up planned for the Pyramid Stage, Other Stage, Park Stage, West Holts, and Woodsies.
Festival-goers and those tuning in from home can look forward to performances from an array of artists including PJ Harvey, Paul Heaton, Anne-Marie, Jungle, Jamie XX, Sampha, Kate Nash, Little Simz, Disclosure, The Streets, Camila Cabello, Bloc Party, Jessie Ware, Corrinne Bailey Rae, Janella Monae, Paloma Faith, Seasick Steve, Avril Lavigne, James Blake and more. There are also whispers of a few secret performances. Past surprise acts have included the likes of Foo Fighters and Radiohead.
READ MORE: Jeremy Clarkson teases final episode of The Grand Tour with exciting behind-the-scenes snap
MORE TV: Loose Women turns frosty as Kelle Bryan forced into awkward Spanx confession
While an estimated 200,000 festival-goers are anticipated to flock to Worthy Farm for a weekend of art and music, there will be thousands more who missed out on tickets. However, those still keen to catch the action can tune into extensive coverage on the BBC over the weekend, reports the Express.
Viewers can switch between BBC One, BBC Two and BBC Four to see their favourite artists on stage, and there will also be a Glastonbury Channel Live and five live streams from each of the main festival stages available on BBC iPlayer throughout the weekend. Here's how you can enjoy Glastonbury 2024 from the comfort of your own home.
Glastonbury 2024 television schedule
Dua Lipa is set to headline the Pyramid Stage from 10pm to 11.45pm at Glastonbury 2024, with coverage kicking off on BBC Two at 7:30pm as the festival gears up to welcome the BRIT Award-winning singer.
The coverage will then switch to BBC One at 10:30pm for Dua Lipa at Glastonbury 2024. Concurrently, BBC Four will be showcasing Paul Heaton and Sugababes at Glastonbury on the Pyramid Stage and West Holts stage from 7:30pm, before moving onto cover Dexys and PJ Harvey at Glastonbury 2024 from 9pm.
Idles at Glastonbury 2024 on the Other Stage will be broadcasted on the channel at 10:15pm, while soulful multi-instrumentalists Jungle will be introduced to viewers from 11:30pm.
Highlights from the first full day of music at Glastonbury Festival will commence on BBC Two and BBC iPlayer at midnight with Glastonbury 2024 Live.
Coldplay is scheduled to headline on Saturday, June 29 with their set running from 9.45pm to 11.45pm. Viewers can tune in to watch the set from 10pm on either BBC One or BBC Two depending on football schedules, and it will also be available on BBC iPlayer.
However, before Coldplay's set, BBC Two will be covering Glastonbury from 5pm on Saturday, featuring performances from across the five main stages, including Michael Kiwanuka from the Pyramid Stage and Camila Cabello from the Other Stage. Coverage will also include Little Simz from the Pyramid Stage, as well as The Streets on the Other Stage.
BBC Four's coverage kicks off at 7pm with Corinne Bailey Rae and The Last Dinner Party at Glastonbury 2024, live from the West Holts stage and Other Stage. From 8pm, viewers can tune into Keane and Nitin Sawhney at Glastonbury 2024, while Orbital at Glastonbury 2024 will light up the Park Stage from 9:15pm.
The BBC Four coverage continues with Jessie Ware at 10:15pm and Disclosure at 11:45pm. Highlights from Saturday will be replayed from midnight on BBC Two.
SZA is set to headline on Sunday, June 30, with her performance scheduled from 9.30pm to 11.15pm. SZA at Glastonbury 2024 officially starts on BBC Two at 10pm, but the build-up will begin on the channel from 7:30pm.
Early evening coverage across the five main stages will feature Janelle Monae, Avril Lavigne and Brittany Howard. According to the Radio Times television guide, this year's Glastonbury Festival legend, Shania Twain, will have her set aired on BBC Two from 6:15pm.
Coverage on BBC Four begins at 7pm with Seasick Steve and Paloma Faith, followed by Steel Pulse and Brittany Howard at 8:30pm. Viewers can tune in to see The National closing the Other Stage from 9:45pm.
Highlights from Sunday's festival will be available on BBC Two and BBC iPlayer from 11.45pm.
The BBC television and radio presenting team includes Annie Macmanus, Arielle Free, Cerys Matthews, Clara Amfo, Craig Charles, Danny Howard, Deb Grant, Dermot O'Leary, DJ Target, Emily Pilbeam, Huw Stephens, Jack Saunders, Jamie Laing, Jamz Supernova, Jo Whiley, Katie Thistleton, Lauren Laverne, Matt Everitt, Nathan Shepherd, Nick Grimshaw, Sarah Story, SHERELLE, Tom Ravenscroft, Vick Hope, and Zoe Ball.
As usual, there is a lot of buzz around this year's secret acts. Every year, Glastonbury surprises its audience with unannounced performances and so the 2024 rumour mill in overdrive.
While nothing has been confirmed, Taylor Swift fans are on high alert as the pop star is currently in the UK for her Eras Tour. Despite a scheduling conflict, many are still holding out hope.
Other rumoured artists include Kasabian, and The Killers, while there's also lots of specualtion around Kings of Leon and Green Day who are both currently on or soon to be kicking off their UK tours.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.