By 

	Anna Tingley


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Variety may receive an affiliate commission.

	Music’s biggest night is almost here. 

	The 66th Grammy Awards will take place at Los Angeles’s Crypto Arena on Sunday, Feb. 4. Trevor Noah will return to host this year’s star-studded event, which will feature special performances by Joni Mitchell, Travis Scott, Olivia Rodrigo, Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa and more. 

	The ceremony will broadcast on CBS starting at 5 p.m. PT, but cable-cutters can stream the entire event live online on Paramount+ With Showtime (currently offering a free trial). Those without cable can also tune into the event on a variety of live TV streamers such as DirecTV, Sling TV and Hulu + Live TV. 











			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					Snoop Dogg Seals New Pact With NBCUniversal for His Death Row Pictures and a Return to 'The Voice'		
			








	It’s important to note that Paramount+ Essential subscribers will not have the option to stream the show live, but will have access to view the special on-demand the day after the special airs, in the U.S. only. 

	If you don’t want to sign up for Paramount+ With Showtime, DirecTV, which has a live feed of CBS, is the best way to stream the ceremony online. Plus, the streamer is also currently offering a 5-day free trial.

	Eilish and Rodrigo are among the most-nominated artists on the bill (and, at 22 and 20 respectively, among the youngest) with six nods each while R&B star SZA leads the list with a total of nine nominations. Following SZA, tied with seven nominations apiece, are Victoria Monét, Phoebe Bridgers (six of those for her work with Boygenius, one for a collaboration with SZA) and mixing engineer Serban Ghenea.

	In the album of the year category, the eight contenders include six holdovers from the record of the year category — SZA, Swift, Rodrigo, Boygenius, Cyrus and Batiste — plus albums by Lana Del Rey and Janelle Monae. Keep track of the 2024 Grammy winners in real time here. 

	This year’s ceremony also includes three new categories announced last June: best African music performance, best alternative jazz album and best pop dance recording. In a major change, the four top categories — album, song, record of the year and best new artist — were reduced to eight nominees from 10. The move represented a reverse from the abrupt expansion of the field in 2021 from eight to 10 nominees. The Recording Academy also introduced a rule accounting for AI, stating that only human creators are eligible for Grammy awards.

	










	Stream the 2024 Grammy Awards on Paramount+ With Showtime below:
The Business of Entertainment