Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Glastonbury 2024's line-up has been announced with big names set to play the Pyramid Stage.
Dua Lipa will be the big star, with Coldplay, Sza, and Shania Twain also headlining. Other artists like LCD Soundsystem, Little Simz, Burna Boy, PJ Harvey, Cyndi Lauper, Michael Kiwanuka, Janelle Monae, Seventeen, Paul Heaton, Keane, Paloma Faith, Olivia Dean and Ayra Starr have also been announced.
Avril Lavigne is also set to play her hits as well as the Sugababes and Corinne Bailey Rae.
Other singers and bands taking part include Disclosure, Anne-Marie, Camila Cabello, Jessie Ware, Jamie XX and London Grammar.
Not everyone is happy about the line-up though. Some fans were quick to share their disappointment reports the Mirror.
Get all the latest updates on food, drink, entertainment and events in the North East with our free What’s On newsletter
One person tweeted: "Tenth year and by far the worst line up. No wonder there were no leaks."
Someone else said: "Crikey all other festivals are hands down beating Glastonbury on line up and variety of big music headliners, @iowfestivalblog is better then @glastonbury this year."
And another person said: "Pyramid gets worse every single year. That's probably the worst set of headliners I've ever seen. Thankfully there's enough across the rest of the lineup."
However, others hit back at the criticism, with one commenting: "Here come the moaners! Give your ticket to someone who appreciates it in the resale! " While another gushed: "Wow, the Glastonbury 2024 line-up is absolutely incredible! So excited to see powerhouse artists like @DUALIPA, @coldplay, and @sza taking the stage. What a testament to the power of persistence, passion, and hard work. Let this be a reminder to never give up on your dreams, no matter how big they may seem. These artists once dreamt of performing at Glastonbury, and now they're headlining. Let's chase our own dreams with the same determination and drive. #Glastonbury2024."
Last year's line-up received rave reviews after Arctic Monkeys closed the Pyramid Stage their third time topping the bill. Lizzo was also on the line-up and Sir Elton John's headline slot on Sunday night marked his final UK show of his farewell tour.
Saturday night also saw US rockers Guns N' Roses headline, after the original line-up of Axl Rose, Slash and Duff McKagan reunited in 2015.
In February, Liam Gallagher hinted that he might be performing at Worthy Farm. The former Oasis member is now a solo artist and preparing to go on tour with new music that he created with The Stone Roses guitarist, John Squire.
A fan asked him if he'd be at Glastonbury this summer, and he replied: "Yeah."
Earlier this month, Billy Joel, the singer of Uptown Girl, released his first single in 17 years, Turn the Lights Back On, which made some speculate he could also perform at the June concerts.
Emily Eavis, who helps organise Glastonbury, had previously said on Instagram that Dua Lipa, Coldplay, and Madonna were not going to be the main acts at the 2024 festival. In November, she said: "As always, there is much speculation and excitement about who is playing at Glastonbury. We are working on the line-up day and night at the moment, but it's still changing every day. The story about our confirmed headliners is untrue. As always, we love your enthusiasm and guesswork but accurate news on headliners will be with you sometime in the new year."
Lat last year, fans were upset when ticket sales were stopped just hours before they were due to start and delayed by two weeks. This was done to be fair to some customers who didn't know their registration had run out.
Some older profiles were suddenly deleted before the tickets were released, and people said they hadn't been told about this problem. Tickets for 2024 cost £355, plus a £5 booking fee.
Registration was opened again for a week before tickets were released on November 19. But, problems with the ticket website made fans angry as 200,000 tickets for the event at Worthy Farm were bought in less than an hour.
Last year, Glastonbury was criticised because all four big acts Arctic Monkeys, Guns N' Roses, Elton John, and Yusuf / Cat Stevens for the Legends slot were men. Eavis talked about this saying: "I've always been really passionate about gender split [on festival line-ups] and I think, actually, our problem was that I'd been so outspoken about it that having a year when there wasn't a female sent people a bit mad - or some people. And we did have a female - she pulled out and we replaced them with Guns N' Roses. But everyone knows that it's top of my list.
"It is difficult with female artists because there aren't enough headliners. But we're also creating them. We're putting the bands and female artists on smaller stages and bringing them through all the time. And who knows? Next year we might get two. And certainly, I can say that the legend is female."
Glastonbury 2024 will be at Worthy Farm Somerset from Wednesday June 26 to Sunday June 30.
‎Follow the Worthy Welly: Glastonbury Festival news and updates channel on our WhatsApp channel