Taylor Swift with her Grammy on the red carpet at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards, at the Los Angeles Convention Center, in downtown Los Angeles, CA, Sunday, Mar. 14, 2021. (Jay L. Clendenin / Los Angeles Times via Getty Images)Los Angeles Times via Getty Imag
Taylor Swift is used to breaking records, and Sunday night the decorated singer could make Grammy history (again).
Aside from her other numerous accolades, Swift is the first and only female solo artist to win Album Of The Year three times for her solo recordings, according to The Recording Academy. 
She won the award in 2009 for “Fearless,” in 2015 for “1989″ and in 2020 for “folklore.” This year, the 34-year-old could become the first artist to win Album of the Year four times if she wins for her 2022 album “Midnights.”
The only other artists who have won Album of the Year three times are Stevie Wonder and Frank Sinatra. 
“Midnights” is up against “World Music Radio” by Jon Batiste, “the record” by boygenius, “Endless Summer Vacation” by Miley Cyrus, “Did You Know That There’s A Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd” by Lana Del Rey, “The Age Of Pleasure” by Janelle Monáe, “GUTS” by Olivia Rodrigo and “SOS” by SZA. 
Swift could also win her first Song of the Year trophy after her record-breaking seventh nomination for “Anti-Hero” this year. Swift is the most-nominated songwriter in the category ever, and thus the most-nominated songwriter without a win. 
This years, she’s up against “A&W” by Lana Del Rey, “Butterfly” by Jon Batiste, “Dance The Night” by Dua Lipa, “Flowers” by Miley Cyrus, “Kill Bill” by SZA, “Vampire” by Olivia Rodrigo and “What Was I Made For?” by Billie Eilish. 
In total, Swift has six nominations at the 2024 Grammy Awards. The other four include Best Pop Vocal Album for “Midnights,” Best Pop Duo Performance for “Karma” with Ice Spice, Best Pop Solo Performance for “Anti-Hero” and Record of the Year for “Anti-Hero.” Swift has received 52 Grammy nominations to date. 
As for Grammy wins, Swift currently has 12, according to The Recording Academy. She won her first set of Grammys in 2010 for Best Country Album (”Fearless”), Best Country Song (”White Horse”), Best Country Vocal Performance (”White Horse”) and Album of the Year (”Fearless”). 
From there, Swift won two awards for “Mean” at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards in 2012. That night she took home the award for Best Country Song and Best Country Vocal Performance. 
Swift’s other Grammys include Best Song Written For Visual Media for “Safe & Sound” (from “The Hunger Games”), Best Music Video for “Bad Blood,” Best Pop Vocal Album for “1989,” Album of the Year for “1989,” Album of the Year for “folklore” and Best Music Video for “All Too Well: The Short Film.” 
If Swift wins all six of her nominations Sunday night, then she will have 18 Grammys in total. The feat would land her among the artists with the most Grammys of all time, according to a list from The Recording Academy. The artists with 18 wins under their belt are Jimmy Sturr, Paul McCartney and Aretha Franklin. 
The 66th Annual Grammy Awards will take place on Sunday, Feb. 4 at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, California. The show will air live on CBS and Paramount+ at 8 p.m. EST. You can also watch the Grammys on DirectTV and Fubo. Click here for the full list of nominations.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices