Drake is urging SZA to release an unreleased track. The Toronto rapper posted to his Instagram Story on Sunday (Jan. 21) asking her to release the song to streaming platforms.
"My [goat emoji] pls drop this," he wrote with a screenshot of the song which a fan posted to SoundCloud.
Drake is referring to the song "Joni" which SZA has mentioned before but has never officially released.
SZA has made it known that she is not a fan of people releasing her music for her.
"LEAKING MY MUSIC IS STEALING . THIS IS MY JOB . THIS IS MY LIFE AND MY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. YOU ARE A F------ THIEF AND I PROMISE TO PUT MAXIMUM ENERGY INTO HOLDING EVERYONE ACCOUNTABLE TO THE FULL EXTENT OF THE LAW . I AM TIRED," SZA wrote Saturday (Jan. 6) on X formerly known as Twitter.
She previously spoke about how people "ruin" songs when they leak them in her interview with Variety in November 2023.
"Then it’s not mine anymore; it’s actually yours. It’s something unfinished that you decided was ready to be shared," she said.
Drake and SZA collaborated twice last year. The first time was for "Slime U Out," the lead single to Drake's For All The Dogs. The song debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. For the deluxe version of the album, For All The Dogs: Scary Hours Edition,  the duo was paired with Sexxy Red for "Rich Baby Daddy."
It's possible that if SZA takes Drake's suggestion, "Joni" could end up on LANA, which is the deluxe of the record-breaking album SOS. Fans are still waiting for an official release date from the R&B crooner.
However, fans might hear SZA's vocals on an  upcoming remix to Flo Milli's viral song "Never Lose Me."
"He speed in a Jeep with his hand on my booty/ He touchin’ on me, I get goofy/ From the ‘burbs, so I’m actin’ so bougie/ From the ‘burbs, but I suck it like Suki," the lyrics from SZA's text read to Flo Milli. The new lyrics take on the flow of Flo's chorus.
A release date for her "Never Lose Me" remix has not been announced at this time.
SZA and the "S" stands for "sexy" (jk, it's really Solana). Listening to SZA's music from her very first full-length project, you can see how her confidence has grown. In 2017, she released her debut album CTRL. In the song "Drew Barrymore" she sings about her insecurities and how she wants to be better to impress a guy she wants.
"I’m so ashamed of myself think I need therapy-y-y-y/ I’m sorry I’m not more attractive/I’m sorry I’m not more ladylike," the New Jersey native sings.
Now, if you fast forward to 2022, five years after that song was released, SZA is singing a different tune. In the title track of SOS, which serves as the intro to the project, she is screaming that she commands respect.
"Give me a second, give me a minute/Nah, lil' bitch, can't let you finish/Yeah, that's right, I need commissions on mine/All that sauce you got from me/All that shit I gave for free/I want it back, want it back/This ain't no warnin' shot/Case all you h--- forgot/Know you been more than lost/Without me," she belts in the first verse.
It's very apparent that in those five years, she has thought of herself differently. While filters, body enhancements, and facial injections are common in this day and age, as a celebrity, she has been very upfront about cosmetic procedures she has done in the past. She first addressed the Brazilian butt-lift rumors in the intro SOS.
"So classic, that a-- so fat, it look natural, it's not," she sings later in the song.
In an interview with Elle back in May, she admitted to getting the body enhancement.
"I always wanted a really fat a-- with less gym time,” SZA said. "I didn’t succumb to industry pressure, I succumbed to my own eyes in the mirror and being like, No, I need some more a--."
She also defended herself against the harmful rumors about her getting work done on her face, which she has denied.
"I heard I had a facelift, I heard I had a nose job, I heard my teeth were fake," she told The Wall Street Journal. "Now do I need to go out and get a nose job because you all made me feel like I need one?" the singer asked.
BBL or not, SZA takes the cake on posting some of the sexiest Instagram photos. Take a look at seven of her best below:

A post shared by

This SZA look is so effortless. From the slightly messy curls, the oversized white cardigan, and the tan yet sparkly matching top and bottom, it's very easy to recreate at home. Her makeup matches the two-piece with white eyeliner and a mix of both tan and white eyeshadow.

A post shared by

We think it's possible SZA looks good with any hair length. In this sexy shot, the singer wore a short haircut with a corset-esque styled t-shirt. She paired it with a tan mini-skirt and the look is nothing less than a chef's kiss.

A post shared by

SZA knew exactly what she was doing with this photo and it worked. The singer bent down in one of her signature poses wearing a matching blue bikini top and shorts. She elevated the outfit with a denim hat and flower-printed denim shoes.

A post shared by

We're not even going to lie...we audibly gasped when she posted this photo shortly after walking the stage at the Grammys this year. SZA wore a black cutout dress that was short in the front and long in the back. In her caption, she mentioned that she had such a good time at the award show. We did too, seeing her in this beautiful dress.

A post shared by

The OG SZA fans know she broke Instagram when she posted this photo. It was the neon green hair for us (and the rest of social media). Her outfit is barely noticeable except for her black stripy shoes, but she proved with just the hair and her face card that's all she needed.

A post shared by

Who would have thought having mud on your face could be sexy? In promotion for her sophomore album SOS, SZA posted a photo of herself covered in mud. The singer wore a dark green crop top and matching pants that had the button open, revealing a bikini bottom. The grundy concept was a first for the singer but the risk made it one of her most sexiest posts.

A post shared by

This photo is by far the most sexiest SZA currently has on her timeline. It is a screenshot from her song "PSA" which was initially expected to be the lead single to SOS. Not only did she never release the song prior to the album, the song is still in her vault and also did not appear on the final tracking list. While we only hear a snippet of the singer's sultry vocals, the "PSA" teaser at least gave us a visual to gawk at in the meantime.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!