Manage your account
Fire up those group texts and grab your frisbees, blankets, hydration packs, and sunscreen. Louisville native Jack Harlow's multi-day outdoor hip hop music event, Gazebo Festival, takes over downtown during Memorial Day weekend.
The two-day music festival, held May 25-26 at Louisville's scenic Waterfront Park, 131 River Road, features 26 acts and includes performances by Harlow and co-headliner SZA, James Blake (DJ Set), Omar Apollo, PinkPantheress, Vince Staples, Majid Jordan, Larry June, Veeze and Channel Tres.
Held on two stages with a view of the Ohio River, the outdoor venue in downtown Louisville will also feature Rich Homie Quan, Jordan Ward, Ravyn Lenae, Paris Texas, Karrahbooo, Karri, Dom Haley, Shy!!!, Slum Village, Amaarae, Dahi, BNYX, Malcolm Todd, James Savage, Ace Pro, and Coop Le Moderne.
In addition to the music, local food, beverages, and additional activations will be located throughout the concert venue and a portion of each ticket supports the Jack Harlow Foundation, which helps local community organizations.
Here’s everything you need to know about the inaugural Gazebo Festival, from ticket information to festival hours and most importantly, the lineup.
Gazebo Festival is on Saturday, May 25, and Sunday, May 26 in downtown Louisville at Waterfront Park, 131 River Road. The festival hours are Saturday and Sunday 1-11 p.m.
Tickets are available online and at the festival box office at Waterfront Park, which will be open daily beginning Friday, May 24.
General admission weekend tickets are $255. Single-day general admission is $155.
A VIP weekend ticket costs $740 and offers access to a VIP lounge with air conditioning, premium restrooms, dedicated bar and food offerings, and a merchandise tent. VIP ticket buyers will also have access to dedicated VIP entrance lanes into the festival and up-close, premium viewing at both stages. VIP tickets include a branded clear tote bag and a limited edition festival line-up t-shirt. Single-day VIP tickets are $395.
Re-entry into the festival is not permitted. Once you have entered the venue each day, you will not be allowed to leave and come back in.
There are a number of parking lots and garages around Waterfront Park, as well as public transportation. Ride-sharing is highly encouraged.
Lockers are 8 inches high, 12 inches wide, and 18 inches deep and are available for rent for the weekend. Each locker has room for backpacks or purses and is equipped with an internal universal phone charger. Reserve a locker at secure.mobilecharginglockers.com.
To keep track of everything happening during the two-day festival download Gazebo Fest's app at the Apple Store link https://rb.gy/nyiqf3 or Google Play Store link https://rb.gy/76kqpf.
In the event of a weather evacuation, fans will be readmitted through the main festival entrances once it is safe to do so and the all-clear is issued. The performance schedule will be adjusted accordingly, so no one has to choose between safety and a good time.
The two-day event will highlight some of Louisville’s best local food including Red Top, Four Pegs, Pizza Lupo, Kizito Cookies, Gus's World Famous Fried Chicken, RK Bluegrass, All Thai'd Up, Happy Belly Bistro, Foko, Please & Thank You, Ramiro's, Spinelli's and Str8 Drop.
Yes, you can bring in an empty hydration pack or empty water bottle and fill it with free water at two water stations on-site.
As music fans wander throughout Waterfront Park, they can also expect to find these activations:
LIFEWTR, the premium water brand, will create a bespoke water bar inside the festival’s garden
Jim Beam, the world’s number one bourbon from Clermont, Kentucky, will sell custom cocktails throughout the festival
The 100% Blue Agave Tres Generaciones Tequila will provide custom cocktails throughout the festival
Local banking partner, Republic Bank, will hold a VIP ticket sweepstakes and host a VIP viewing lounge
Rockstar Energy Drink will host an AI portrait generator experience, and partner with local convenience store chain Thorntons for a ticket sweepstakes at select locations
MyMuse, a functional beverage brand, will feature its Organic Enhanced Water, a hydrating flavored water supporting immunity + electrolytes and antioxidants. Festival attendees can check out an interactive space, and enjoy complimentary tastings and a photoactivation.
SZA
Vince Staples
James Blake (DJ set)
Majid Jordan
Larry June
Rich Homie Quan
Jordan Ward
Ravyn Lenae
Paris Texas
Karrahbooo
Karri
Dom Haley
Shy!!!
Jack Harlow
Omar Apollo
Pinkpantheress
Veeze
Channel Tres
Slum Village
Amaarae
Dahi
BNYX
Malcolm Todd
James Savage
Ace Pro
Coop Le Moderne
Yes. A portion of proceeds from every ticket, plus a number of other on-site revenue streams, will benefit various community organizations in Louisville through the Jack Harlow Foundation. Harlow created The Jack Harlow Foundation in 2023 to reinvest, uplift, and support organizations in his hometown of Louisville. In 2023, the Jack Harlow Foundation distributed more than $500,000 in funds and product donations.
Reach features reporter Kirby Adams at kadams@courier-journal.com.
This article originally appeared on Louisville Courier Journal: Gazebo Festival 2024 guide: lineup, tickets, parking information