The Brit Awards 2024 are here and London singer/songwriter Raye has broken another award, by winning six gongs, the most one artist has ever achieved in one year. She was nominated for seven in total.
The annual celebration of British and international music returns to a Saturday evening for the second time - rather than the regular Tuesday slot it held for years.
The London-born star sealed her triumphant sweep of the awards ceremony as her record, My 21st Century Blues, was named album of the year. She was also named artist of the year, best new artist and R&B act.
She won song of the year for Escapism featuring 070 Shake and was also handed the gong for songwriter of the year – the first woman to get the prize in a pre-announced win.
The prize, which began in 2022, has previously been won by Suffolk singer Ed Sheeran and British record producer Kid Harpoon, who worked with Harry Styles on the album Harry’s House.
Raye sobbed as she collected her final award, Best Album, she said: “You just don’t understand what this means to me.”
She added: “Is this happening right now? I’m so sorry… I’m ugly crying on national television.
“I’m so proud of this album. All I wanted was to be an artist.”
When Kylie Minogue took to the stage to collect the global icon prize, she paid tribute to the London-born star. She said: “I’m just going to be sobbing with Raye, Raye you did that.”
She added that “there’s a part of me that’s the 14-year-old girl in the room dreaming of making music”.
Talking to music students in the room, she said: “I just feel your promise and I’m so excited for you.”
“I love you, and I will always love you, you have my heart.”
Minogue closed the show with a medley of her biggest hits, including Can’t Get You Out Of My Head, All The Lovers, Slow, Padam Padam and Love At First Sight.
The event, which was held at the O2 in London, had performances from Dua Lipa, RAYE, electronic dance group Jungle and Nigerian rapper and singer Rema. Dance act Chase & Status and two-time Brit winner Becky Hill, also performed.
This year’s awards show was hosted by Love Island: All Stars presenter Maya Jama, Radio 1's Clara Amfo and The One Show's Roman Kemp.
Nominees also included Raye, Jessie Ware, Blur, Little Simz and The Rolling Stones. The Brit Awards 2024 take place on Saturday, March 2 and will be broadcast live on ITV1, STV, ITVX and STV Player.
Get all the latest from the event via the live blog below.
Here is a full list of winners from the 2024 Brit Awards:
Brits Rising Star – The Last Dinner Party
Mastercard Album of the Year – Raye: My 21st Century Blues
Artist of the Year – Raye
Group of the Year – Jungle
Best New Artist – Raye
Song Of the Year – Escapism from Raye ft 070 Shake
International Artist of the Year – Sza
International Group of the Year – Boygenius
International Song of the Year – Miley Cyrus: Flowers
Producer of the Year: Chase & Status
Songwriter: Raye
Genre Categories:
Alternative/Rock Act: Bring Me The Horizon
Hip Hop/Grime/Rap Act: Casisdead
Dance: Calvin Harris
Pop Act: Dua Lipa
R&B Act: Raye
Kyle said: "I really tried to think hard about what to say tonight.
"It's been a lifetime, 36 years and counting of experience together. What really gets me is a love of people and connection. There's a part of me still 14 years old in my room dreaming of the music industry."
"Anything's possible."
Raye wins her sixth award for Best Album and says "You just don't understand what this means to me."
She takes her granny up on stage, Agatha Dawson, who Raye takes her middle name from. Who she thanked and then apologised for being on the stage "ugly crying".#
She thanked her grandmother: “My grandma is awake ’til 3am praying for me and my beautiful sisters,” she said.
“Is this happening right now?” Raye added, as she became more emotional, breaking down in tears.
“I’m so sorry… I’m ugly crying on national television. I’m so proud of this album. All I wanted was to be an artist.”
Shout out to the Polydor executive who didn't see any point in letting Raye put out an entire album. #BRITs2024 pic.twitter.com/ayWncPr53b
American singer Miley Cyrus has been handed the Brit Award for international song of the year for her track Flowers, but sent a video message instead of attending the ceremony.
“Thank you for giving me somewhere to wear this dress,” she said while paying tribute to fans for enjoying the upbeat hit track, about break-ups, “throughout the world”.
Cyrus added that the message was “short”, like the pretty nice dress she was wearing.
She picks up Artist of the Year and says 'this is wild' as she looks on in disbelief.
This means that she's broken the record with five awards in one year already.
She's picked up songwriter of the year, song of the year, R&B artist, new act. Is there anything this woman can't do?
It was worth sitting through the dross to see that performance from RAYE!#BRITs #BritAwards
Dua Lipa picked up Best Pop Act. 
She said: “For more reasons than one, my fans are the reason I’m standing here today.
“This means so much, I’m so happy to be here.
“You guys give me this radical sense of confidence that I can do anything and I can try and I can experiment, you are there for me and have supported me.”
Best International Group Award goes to Boy Genius. 
The mother and son stars of The Traitors 2024 have made an appearance at The Brit Awards.
Diane and Ross Carson shocked audiences and fellow Traitors in January when they revealed they were related. 
They donned a cape alongside Maya Jama and Clara Amfro and voted for the next live performance - Raye!
The hip hop/grime/rap act Brit Award has been handed to Casisdead.
Calvin was up against Fred Again, Romy, Becky Hill and Barry Can't Swim.
Accepting the prize, he said: “Ellie, I wouldn’t be on this stage this year if it wasn’t for you, what you brought to Miracle was unbelievable.
“I couldn’t have done it with anybody else in this room.”
He also offered his thanks to “my beautiful wife”.Calvin is married to TV presenter Vick Hope.
That's three from three for Raye!
Accepting the prize, she asked the crowd to please not listen to her first mix tape, adding: “I got to start again, the artist I was three years ago would not believe the sight she was seeing.
“I’m in control now.”
While she was on stage, she was also presented with the songwriter of the year prize, which was pre-announced.
She said: “Whilst I’m here I just want to have a meaningful conversation about giving songwriters master royalty points.”
She added: “It can be net costs, it doesn’t have to be at your expense, it just means if the songs win big, the writers get to win big too.”
She was up against Mahalia, Olivia Dean, PinkPantheress and Yussef Dayes.
Actor Luke Evans on the red carpet earlier this evening. 
You'll recognise him from current BBC drama, The Way as well as roles in Pembrokeshire Murders, Beauty and the Beast and The Hobbit.
Roman Kemp and Global Icon Kylie Minogue continue their new friendship in the audience as the former challenges to slurp some booze from a pair of heels. 
Kylie was game, she's a good sport and said: "Ooo Aperol!"
We don't think it was, though. 
A bit of a sweary "thank you" from Bring Me The Horizon's Oli Sykes after they picked up alternative/rock act of the year. Needless to say they were lost for words. Oli said: "Cheers to the Brits for making a voting system so complicated only our fans could be a**** to vote I guess."
Other nominations were Blur, The Rolling Stones, Young Fathers and Yussef Dayes.
It's been a brilliant year for RAYE and she's just got her second award of the night already. This time she's got R&B act of the year. She was up against the likes of Cleo Sol, Jorja Smith, Mahalia and SAULT. She praised her fellow nominees, calling Mahalia a "queen."
"I just want to say when I was 15 I wanted to be an R&B artist and I was told it doesn't sell in the UK," she told the crowd. "R&B is so important and there are so many brilliant artists in the UK that are eating it up." She paid tribute to a host of other artists including Georgia Smith and Mahalia. 
Jungle took home the award after being up against Headie One and K-Trap, Blue, Chase & Status and Young Fathers. They tearfully thanked their fans as they received the gong and said they were in disbelief.
Monica Dolan and her real-life counterpart, Jo Hamilton, gave Ray her award and Jo thanked the audience for the support.
She also added that she hoped the support would continue as "the government still haven't given" postmasters their money back.
Raye scoops the Brit for Best Song!
RAYE ft. 070 Shake - Escapism. Raye has taken an early win at the Brits with song of the year for Escapism featuring 070 Shake.
“I’m shaking, wow,” she said. “I don’t really know what to say, thank you to my team, I’ve always wanted to say thank you to my team.”
Raye added that “no-one would take me” before her music distributors agreed to back her.
Maya Jama's kisscam picks up Roman and Kylie...
Roman looks like he doesn't know what to do with himself!
Speaking on the red carpet, Dua said: "Well I love to add a little bit of danger to my performances and it’s all just about having fun and creating a spectacle and I mean what better place to do that than at home in London, at the Brits… I’m so happy to be here and I’m so excited to go and do my warm-up and get ready to go on stage.”
She opens the show with a wicked performance of Training Season accompanied by a team of amazing acrobats.
The One Show host and outgoing Capital FM DJ excitedly asked his Spandau Ballet star dad, Martin, and Wham! backing singer mum, Shirlie if they wanted to tag along. He appeared on Lorraine earlier this week and stand-in host, Louise Minchin quizzed him about his new job and whether his folks had offered any advice.
Read what they said, here. 
With her list of nominations at this year's awards RAYE has broken records, becoming one of the most nominated artists in any one year to date. She has seven Brit nominations this year including Artist of the Year, Mastercard Album of the Year, Best New Artist, Pop Act, R&B Act, and for Song of the Year with Mastercard - in which she receives two nominations, for Prada with cassö and D-Block Europe, and for Escapism ft 070 Shake. 
Nominees for the 2024 awards also include Arlo Parks, Blur, Calvin Harris, Central Cee, Dave, Fred again.., Jessie Ware, J Hus, Little Simz, Olivia Dean, Mahalia, PinkPantheress, Miley Cyrus, Olivia Rodrigo, The Rolling Stones, SZA, Taylor Swift, Young Fathers.
The Houdini singer was the first star to be announced as a performer for this year's ceremony, and she has also received three nominations: for Artist of the Year, Pop Act and Song of the Year. 
Comedian Rob Beckett decided to shake things up and walk down the red carpet in a unique outfit. The 38-year-old star had all eyes on him as he posed on the red carpet in a blowup giraffe costume. In one photo, he reached his arms out and beamed for the cameras as his head popped out of the giraffe's neck.
Layton Williams, who hosted the red carpet live stream across the Brits’ Instagram and Facebook pages with Harriet Rose, donned a green jumpsuit for the night. While Irish TV and radio presenter Laura Whitmore wore a black, off the shoulder dress, coupled with a revealing slit on the bottom half of the outfit.
Fleur East wowed fans as she showed off her huge baby bump on the red carpet at the 2024 Brit Awards on Saturday night. Fleur announced she was expecting her first child in January this year on Instagram. 
Taking to the red carpet with her baby bump on Saturday, Fleur dazzled in a tight brown jumpsuit with sequin shoulder-pads and a ruffled black shawl. The PA news agency pictured the star lovingly holding her growing bump while posing for the camera.