SZA's 2022 single "Kill Bill" pushed the boundaries of pop music. The groundbreaking song didn't just have eerie, vintage soda shop-influenced production, but ominious lyrics to match, which made it a chart-topping classic.
But in retrospect, the singer-songwriter recalls the "Kill Bill" lyrics as being borderline extreme. SZA recently visited the webseries Chicken Shop Date, where host and comedian Amelia Dimoldenberg brought up the artist's first-ever No. 1 Billboard hit.
"You might kill your ex?" Dimoldenberg asked around the 1:45-minute mark of the video above.
"Oh my God, after I said that, I was like, ‘That was so crazy and harsh,'" SZA replied. "I was just randomly slightly enraged."
"So you'd rather be in jail than alone?" Dimoldenberg continued, referencing "Kill Bill" again. "I would rather be alone than in jail."
"Me too," SZA agreed. "'Cause I sung that it has to be the case."
Before "Kill Bill" became a certified classic, SZA wasn't completely sold on the record, once telling Billboard that the song's success made her "pissed off" because it was "super easy" to write.
"I knew it would be something that pissed me off," she said. "It’s always a song that I don’t give a fuck about, that’s just super easy [that performs well], not the shit that I put so much heart and energy into."
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Flo Milli Shares What She Learned From "Never Lose Me" Collaborators Cardi B and SZA
music | BY Trace William Cowen
SZA Shares Stripped-Down Cover of Eminem Classic "Lose Yourself"
music | BY Alex Ocho
SZA Threatens to End Australian Show Over Thrown Objects: ‘I Will Leave’
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.