By ZAC CAMPBELL 
 Published:  18:22, 30 May 2024   |  Updated:  18:36, 30 May 2024   
 2
View  comments
The BBC have announced plans for TV coverage of this year's Glastonbury festival are set to be the 'longest celebration of the festival yet'. 
It is set to include more than 90 hours each of both live performances and radio coverage from the festival - which is one of the most eagerly anticipated music events of the year. 
So, when exactly is Glastonbury festival taking place this year? How can you watch it and who will be headlining the 2024 edition at Worthy Farm? 
Read on below for everything you need to know about how to follow coverage of Glastonbury 2024.  
The BBC have announced plans for TV coverage of this year's Glastonbury festival are set to be the 'longest celebration of the festival yet'
Dua Lipa (pictured), Coldplay and SZA will headline Glastonbury 2024, with Shania Twain playing the legendary Sunday slot
The hotly-anticipated festival will be taking place at Worthy Farm in Somerset from Wednesday June 26 to Sunday June 30.
The BBC, which is the exclusive broadcast partner of the festival, has unveiled plans for the corporation's 'longest celebration of the festival yet'. 
It will include 'over 90 hours of live performances from the five main stages on BBC iPlayer, extensive coverage on TV [and] 90 hours of radio broadcasts live from the festival', according to the broadcaster, via NME. 
Lorna Clarke, BBC Director of Music, said: 'The BBC's coverage of Glastonbury is one of the biggest jewels in the BBC's pop crown and we're evolving our programming to bring audiences many ways to enjoy the festival across our platforms – it's their Glastonbury on the BBC.
'This year will see the debut of Glastonbury Channel II, a welcome addition to our multiple BBC iPlayer streams, giving viewers a rolling round-up of the key moments from each day.'
Clarke added: 'We're also proud that for the second year, Pyramid Stage – Signed returns, with performances from Glastonbury's most iconic stage in British Sign Language, bringing the Glastonbury experience closer to all viewers.'
BBC Sounds is set to have further coverage featuring special episodes of Annie Mac and Nick Grimshaw's podcast, Sidetracked. Pictured: Annie and Nick at the BRIT awards in February
New additions to the schedule for 2024 include the Glastonbury Channel II on iPlayer, as well as a series of 30-minute TV specials from the likes of Dua Lipa and Coldplay on BBC Two.
BBC Sounds is set to have further coverage featuring special episodes of Annie Mac and Nick Grimshaw's podcast, Sidetracked, which will air weekly from Monday June 3. 
A bonus edition entitled Glastonbury According To Sidetracked will be available after the event.
Additionally, The One Show will be broadcast live from Worthy Farm on the first full day of music on Friday June 28.
The Classic Glastonbury Channel - which is available to view on BBC iPlayer - will stream previous iconic sets from June 10. 
This is set to include legendary shows from the likes of Elton John, Kylie Minogue and Ed Sheeran.
The Glastonbury Highlights Channel has been set up for fans who want to catch up on must-see recaps of live performances and performances from years gone by. 
This will be available to stream after the festival ends - from Monday July 1 until Sunday July 14.
Coldplay will be the sole male headliner for this year's much-anticipated event at Worthy Farm. Pictured: The group in concert at the Etihad Stadium in Manchester in May 2023
SZA (pictured) will be one of two female headliners at the festival - marking the first time in the event's history that female acts have taken two of the three headline slots
Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA will headline Glastonbury 2024, with Shania Twain playing the legendary Sunday slot. 
It marks the first time in the event's history that female acts have taken two of the three headline slots.
Other acts on this year's line-up include Brit Award-winning rapper Little Simz and Afrobeats star Burna Boy, making his Pyramid Stage debut.
Big names like LCD Soundsytem, PJ Harvey, Cyndi Lauper, Michael Kiwanuka, Janelle Monae, Paul Heaton, Keane, Paloma Faith, Olivia Dean and Ayra Starr will also be hitting the stage.
Thirteen-member boyband Seventeen are set to become the first K-pop band to perform on the Pyramid stage.
Heading up the Other stage will be IDLES, Disclosure and The National, with The Streets, Two Door Cinema Club, Avril Lavigne and breakout stars The Last Dinner Party also set to play on the festival's second-biggest platform.
Joining these will be Camila Cabello, Bombay Bicycle Club, Bloc Party and Confidence Man.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group