SZA has been announced as one of the headliners of Lollapalooza 2024 to be held Aug. 1-4 in Chicago, Illinois.Photo by Matt Smith | The Star-Ledger
Live Nation today announced the headliners for Lollapalooza 2024, which include SZA, Tyler, Blink-182, The Creator, The Killers, Future X Metro Boomin, Hozier, Stray Kids, Melanie Martinez and Skrillex.
Also performing will be Deftones, Tate McRae, Conan Gray, Reneé Rapp, Victoria Monét and more.
The festival will take place Aug. 1-4, 2024, in Grant Park in Chicago, Illinois.
Fans can sign up for the presale, which will be held 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Thursday, March 21. According to Live Nation, the presale is “the only way to guarantee the lowest price on 4-day general admission, GA+, VIP and platinum tickets.” Ticket prices will increase when the public sale starts after the presale.
One-day tickets will be available at a later date. Children age 8 and younger may attend for free with a paying adult. Kidzapalooza will feature an interactive music playground with performances, activities, music and dance workshops.
“In 2024, Skrillex will return to Grant Park to perform for the first time in a decade, while Perry’s Stage will feature one of its most epic lineups in recent history with powerhouse performances from Zedd, FISHER, Zeds Dead, and many more. South Korean K-Pop boyband Stray Kids will make their highly anticipated Lollapalooza Chicago debut. Don’t miss Icelandic singer-songwriter Laufey performing a one-of-a-kind set featuring the Chicago Philharmonic,” Live Nation said.
Break-out artists appearing include Benson Boone, Raye, The Last Dinner Party, d4vd, Tyla, Qveen Herby, Flo, Olivia Dean and more.
Blink-182 will be one of the headliners for Lollapalooza 2024, Aug. 1-4 in Chicago, Illinois. (Courtesy of Live Nation)Live Nation
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices