We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Here's where to watch all the action from Worthy Farm.
Glastonbury Festival 2024 is almost upon us, as hundreds of thousands of festival fans descend onto Worthy Farm for a weekend of music, cider and (hopefully) sun from Wednesday 26 June to Sunday 30 June 2024.
Revellers at the festival will be able to use the official Vodafone Glastonbury line-up app to plan who they want to watch or check the official Glastonbury website. Meanwhile, you can also keep up to date with smaller festival happenings using Worthy FM, Glastonbury's free on-site radio station run by volunteers.
However, if you weren't one of the lucky few to secure yourself a ticket in the sale, resale, or one of the many Glastonbury competitions that have been running – never fear, as you can still catch the likes of headliners Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA from the comfort of home thanks to the BBC's extensive coverage. 
The BBC has extended their coverage to be bigger than ever before with a whopping six weeks of content running on BBC Sounds, BBC Radio, TV, and iPlayer from Monday, June 3 - Sunday, July 14, 2024. 
Glastonbury Festival will once again have extensive coverage from the BBC, following their commitment to music as a key content pillar. 
There are more than 100 different stages at the Glastonbury Festival, and while the BBC won't be covering all of them, they'll have highlights from the big five, which includes the Pyramid Stage, The Other Stage, West Holts, Woodsies (formally the John Peel) and the Park Stage. Plus, their own stage BBC Introducing. There will also be dedicated live coverage on BBC Sounds and BBC radio during the build-up and following the festival.
There will be two dedicated Glastonbury TV channels on BBC iPlayer, The Glastonbury Channel Live, which will stream performances as they happen, along with the newly launched Glastonbury Channel II, which will collate highlights from across the weekend.
BBC Music on YouTube will be publishing highlights from various sets across the weekend from the official Shania Twain flashmob dance to this year's poet-in-residence, Sally Jenkins, while the official Glastonbury YouTube channel will also be publishing highlights from across the weekend. You can also catch highlights on the BBC Glasto Instagram and Twitter, as well as the official Glastonbury Festival social media on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter. 
There will be multiple live streams dedicated to Glastonbury on BBC iPlayer from Friday 28 June to Sunday 30 June with times varying slightly for each. 
The main channel will stream live performances which will broadcast in Ultra HD (the best picture quality the performances have ever been broadcast in, according to the Beeb), and will also feature interviews, exclusive performances, and some backstage bits with the BBC presenting team. 
There'll be over 90 performances available by the end of the weekend, including (deep breath) Dua Lipa, Coldplay, SZA, Shania Twain, Anne-Marie, AURORA, Baxter Dury, Black Pumas, Brittany Howard, Declan McKenna, Dexys, Ghetts, Headie One, IDLES, James, Jordan Rakei, Justice, Kenya Grace, Kim Gordon, NewDad, Nia Archives, Nitin Sawhney, Nothing But Thieves, Olivia Dean, Otoboke Beaver, Paloma Faith, Remi Wolf, Soccer Mommy, Soft Play, Squid, Tems, The Mary Wallopers, The Vaccines, Yard Act and more.
In the meantime, your best first point of call is the BBC Music at Glastonbury hub on the BBC website, which includes all of the iPlayer and BBC Sounds highlights, as well as highlights from previous years and that famous Glastonbury webcam. 
Since early June there's been a host of specials, podcasts, and playlists in the build-up and throughout Glastonbury. 
Of course, this is in addition to the extensive coverage on 6 Music, Radio 1, Radio 1 Dance, Radio 1Xtra and Radio 2.
Shania Twain - Tracks of My Years with Vernon Kay - BBC Radio 2 / BBC Sounds
My Glastonbury – Dua Lipa, Coldplay, and Little Simz share their Glastonbury stories with viewers in new 30-minute specials. BBC Two / Player – starting Monday, 24 June, 10.10pm.
Woman's Hour – Anita Rani brings listeners special guests, live music and explores the women behind Glastonbury, including the new 'Arrivals' stage in Shangri-La, Glastonbury’s first dedicated South Asian space. BBC Radio 4 / BBC Sounds – Friday, 28 June, 10-11am.
Glastonbury: 50 Years and Counting – A documentary by Francis Whately charting the creation of the festival by Michael Eavis, and his daughter Emily Eavis, featuring contributions from previous headliners from 1970 - 2022. BBC iPlayer
Stormzy: Road to the Pyramid Stage – Charting grime superstar Stormzy on his journey to headline Glastonbury. You can also catch his full set from 2019 straight afterwards on BBC One. BBC One, 10.40pm, Monday 20 June
Live at Worthy Farm: Backstage – A documentary charting how the special virtual version of Glastonbury came together online during the Covid-19 pandemic. BBC iPlayer 
Glastonbury Festival takes place from Wednesday 26 June – Sunday 30 June with coverage across the BBC, including iPlayer and BBC Sounds. 
The official Vodafone Glastonbury Festival 2024 app is available on Google Play and the App Store now.
Laurence Mozafari (he/him) is a multi-award winning journalist, editor, and presenter. A former Editor-in-Chief of Digital Spy, Laurence previously held roles as the site's Editor, Deputy Editor, and Associate Editor focusing on news, social, and video. Laurence hosted the BBC Sounds podcast Obsessed with Peaky Blinders in 2019. He also hosts his own podcast production, Time of My Life, where he interviews fascinating elders about their life lessons, including Only Fools and Horses' Sir David Jason, Star Trek’s George Takei and Bridgerton’s Adjoa Andoh.

Laurence was named Editorial Director – Youth Audience at Reach in early 2025. Prior to joining Digital Spy, he was previously at Bauer Media working as Digital Editor of Heat magazine's website Heatworld.com, and has also worked at and written for Sky, NME, Q magazine, Grazia, Closer, FHM and dedicated careers website GoThinkBig. He secured a first-class BA journalism degree at Staffordshire University, along with several NCTJ qualifications, and now has 14 years' experience in digital publishing covering TV, movies, music, gaming, tech, showbiz, and travel.

Laurence has been a broadcasting contributor on television and radio, including KISS, Heat Radio, BBC Radio London, Radio 5 Live, and BBC Breakfast.

He is also a visiting lecturer at various universities teaching journalism, including City, University of London, Nottingham Trent, Staffordshire University and London Metropolitan. Laurence has won numerous awards in his journalism career, including the BSME Talent Award’s Best Deputy Editor, the PPA's 30 Under 30, and the New Editor and Editor of the Year at the AOP and BSMEs. He led Digital Spy to win PPA's Digital Content Team of the Year twice, along with the British Media Awards’ Brand of the Year in 2021.

Laurence joined the committee for the British Society of Magazine Editors in 2022 and was named vice-chair in 2025. He has since hosted panels with CEOs of Immediate Media and the Media Trust at the PPA Festival, as well as presenting his own radio show on Green Man Radio at Green Man Festival in 2022. Laurence is also a Brits voting academy member.

Laurence has been lucky enough to interview numerous celebrities, actors, and musicians throughout his career. Arnold Schwarzenegger loved his hair, Jimmy Carr loved his coat and Antonio Banderas gave a shout-out to his mum. Laurence has covered set visits for The Witcher on Netflix and Marvel’s Inhumans, he got Daisy Ridley to do a Chewbacca impression and loves Marvel, PlayStation, Glastonbury and craft beer.  Linkedin 
 
Netflix drops first trailer for horror sequel
EastEnders' Michelle Collins explains Cindy return
Matt Damon spy trilogy now streaming for free
Emmerdale star breaks silence on dramatic split
Drag Race All Stars 10 confirms guest judges
Nolan's Batman trilogy is on TV this weekend
Tom Cruise on how he prepares for M:I stunts
First look at Avatar: Fire and Ash
This Morning star admits she feared being fired
Emmerdale's Ruby confirms Joe and Noah truth
Blue Prince creator is "relieved" the game is out
Emmerdale’s Lawrence Robb teases danger for John
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.