Music fans up and down the country will be attempting to get their hands on Glastonbury 2025 tickets this week. The highly sought after tickets will go on sale Thursday, November 14 and Sunday, November 17. 
Today will be the first chance fans will have to secure tickets as they go on sale at 6pm. The sale will be for coach and ticket packages only. To purchase tickets for the Worthy Farm festival you need to have registered for the Glastonbury 2025 ticket ballot. 
Registration closed at 5pm on Monday November 11. There will be no opportunity to submit/edit a registration until after the November ticket sales.
Fans have been treated in recent years to some top artists taking to the Glastonbury stages. This year’s instalment saw Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA headline the Pyramid Stage. The 2025 Glastonbury Festival will take place from Wednesday, June 25 to June 29.
A huge change has been made to the way people will be able to purchase Glastonbury Festival tickets. Usually, those hoping to bag tickets would have to refresh the landing page when tickets went on sale but things will be different this year.
Bosses for the festival made the announcement. Fans will now be placed in an online virtual queue in what will be a completely new way of booking tickets for the famous festival.
Next year's Glastonbury festival will take place from June 25 to June 29 2025 at the usual location of Worthy Farm in Somerset. Line-ups for the famous festival are still to be announced. 
We'll be bringing you everything you need to know, including ticket prices, coach packages, availability and more. Follow along below for live updates as Glastonbury 2025 tickets go on sale.
In less than one hour the Glastonbury 2025 coach tickets have sold out. Glastonbury said: "The Glastonbury 2025 tickets + coach travel which were on sale this evening have now all been sold. Our thanks to everyone who bought one. 
"Standard tickets are on sale at 9am GMT on Sunday morning - and @nationalexpress will offer coach travel to standard ticket holders from across the UK."
The Glastonbury 2025 tickets + coach travel which were on sale this evening have now all been sold. Our thanks to everyone who bought one. Standard tickets are on sale at 9am GMT on Sunday morning - and @nationalexpress will offer coach travel to standard ticket holders from…
Wednesday coach tickets for Glastonbury 2025 have sold out in under 30 minutes.
Glastonbury has issued a message to customers, they said: "Wednesday coach tickets for Glastonbury 2025 are now sold out, limited departures are still available for Thursday departures."
Glastonbury 2025 ticket sale has officially kicked off! 
Are you trying for tickets? Keep us up to date!
I'm in the queue and hoping for a change of luck when it comes to Glastonbury tickets.
Ready to be hurt again[image or embed]
Tickets to Glastonbury Festival include:
Last year the three headlining acts were Dua Lipa, Coldplay, and SZA, with Shania Twain performing in the traditional Sunday Legends slot. Acts including Olivia Rodrigo, Harry Styles, Sam Fender, Eminem and Stevie Wonder are among the names at the top of the bookies' lists for 2025.
The artists rumoured to be performing at the festival next year are listed below. The first official line-up poster doesn't usually get revealed until the beginning of March, followed by the full line-up announcement at the end of May.
To purchase tickets for the Worthy Farm festival you need to have registered for the Glastonbury 2025 ticket ballot. Those who have registered should have received a unique registration number by email, confirming the registration.
Registration closed at 5pm on Monday November 11 and there will be no opportunity to submit/edit a registration until after the November ticket sales.
General admission full weekend tickets (valid from Wednesday 25th June to Sunday 29th June) for Glastonbury 2025 cost £373.50 + a £5 booking fee. You can book up to 6 tickets per transaction by paying a deposit of £75 per person when tickets go on sale (plus the coach fare, if you are booking a ticket and coach travel option).
The remaining balance will then be payable in the first week of April 2025 (from 09:00 BST Tuesday 1st April – 23:59 BST Monday 7th April) when it should be possible to add car parking passes and cancellation protection to your booking. Postage and packing (£10.25) is charged per order – rather than per ticket – when paying your remaining ticket balance.
Ticket and coach travel options will go on sale at 6pm on Thursday November 14, with general admission tickets on sale at 9am on Sunday November 17. Everyone, aged 13 or over, who wishes to attend the Festival must be individually registered before they can try for a ticket in the ticket sales.
Attempting to book tickets online using multiple browser tabs can confuse the ticket sales process and cause your transaction to fail. It is advised that you use just one browser tab when trying to book tickets, in order to avoid possible problems with your transaction.