The songstress opens up about getting a BBL, her love for Tracee Ellis Ross, and her thoughts on starting a family—all while serving us the bohemian chic style we adore.
Source: Rachpoot/Bauer-Griffin / Getty
SZA is the epitome of effortlessly cool on the December 2024 cover of British Vogue. With her larger-than-life natural hair and bold fashion choices, she once again proves why her style is as iconic as her music. Rocking a neon-green cable-knit ensemble that’s both cozy and high-fashion, SZA gives us “carefree Black girl” vibes with a twist. 
The cover is a whole mood: bold, unapologetic, and vibrant. We’re here for every bit of it.
The rest of SZA’s editorial images are just as captivating. In one shot, the Glastonbury Festival performer brings the heat in black, posing in a classic black dress with a sheer stripe design that hugs her curves and radiates sophistication. In another, she returns in lime-green wearing a mini bodycon dress with a flowing cape, her natural hair adding movement and drama.
 


					Related Stories
				





SZA & Elmo: The Link-Up We Never Knew We Needed!






SZA Performs New Song About Gratitude On ‘Sesame Street’ [Video]






Singing For Something Special: SZA Stops By Sesame Street To Teach Elmo & Friends About Gratitude And Kindness






Each look in her Vogue spread tells a story, reflecting her unique talent for blending moods and aesthetics. SZA’s stylist, Alejandra Hernandez, reveals that the singer’s laid-back approach to fashion guides her wardrobe. According to Hernandez, SZA often asks for “moods” instead of “looks” when choosing outfits.
 “Her style is very similar to her music: a mix of so many different genres,” Hernandez tells the fashion publication, adding that SZA is also an “emotional person.”
This fluidity allows SZA to transition seamlessly between trends, designers, and fashion statements. She loves everything from Maison Margiela and Valentino to Roberto Cavalli and vintage Tom Ford. And she’s known for mixing in more casual, quirky pieces like oversized tees and rugby polos.
RELATED: SZA Debuts A Short New Hair Style
What ties SZA’s style and music together is her authenticity. Whether she’s rocking oversized vintage or haute couture, SZA encourages us all to live boldly and deeply. Often quite literally.
In her Vogue UK interview, SZA opens up about her journey, discussing weight gain after her BBL, new music, and the challenges of finding love as a celebrity. Comparing her journey to Tracee Ellis Ross’ recent empowering words about life and love, SZA alludes to forming relationships and connections her way.
For more on SZA—”A Supernova on Her Own Terms”—and to see all her bohemian glam, check out her story here.
RELATED
SZA Admits She Regrets Her BBL: ‘I’m So Mad I Did That Sh*t’
SZA Is School Girl Chic In A Black And White Maison Margiela Look


SZA Is Bohemian Chic And Unapologetically Bold On The December Cover Of ‘British Vogue’ 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Listen Live								

									Weekend Roundup: Love, Noise, & MLK Community Day								

									iPower Under 30: Antonio Knoxx								

									Weekend Roundup: Neverland, VMFA Afterhours, & The Big Game								

									iPower Under 30: Rivers Taylor								

									Weekend Roundup: Black Panther, Hip Hop Skating, & More!								

									Weekend Roundup: The Fan, Brunch, & “Mr. Cooper”								

									Win A New Home with St. Jude's Home Giveaway!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.