LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA – JUNE 25: Coco Jones attends the BET Awards 2023 at Microsoft Theater on June 25, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. 
Hello my luvs are you ready for the 2024 BET Awards? Snagging a ticket used to feel like hitting the jackpot - very much Charlie & The Chocolate Factory energy. Well, now, thanks to Wal-Mart, exclusive VIP access is just a cash splash away! Yes my luvs, the "EBT" Awards - can you believe it? Change is real as we gear up for this spectacular event either way.
Despite his ongoing controversy with Kendrick Lamar, leading the pack with an impressive seven nods is the one and only Drake, closely followed by the iconic Nicki Minaj with six nominations. Brace yourself for a star-studded lineup featuring the likes of J. Cole, the soulful SZA, and the talented Victoria Monét - it's a lineup that promises an unforgettable evening.
Mark your calendars for the much-anticipated 2024 BET Awards, broadcasting live from the vibrant city of Los Angeles on June 30! This year's theme? A tribute to the richness of Culture. Behind the scenes, the dynamic duo of Connie Orlando and Jamal Noisette are meticulously crafting a night that will be etched in our memories.
The stage is all set for electrifying performances by the Princess of Memphis GloRilla, BIG Latto fresh off of her sold out Birthday Bash ATL performance, the captivating Muni Long will definity go for "Hours & Hours", and many more. Songs like Shaboozey's infectious "A Bar Song (Tipsy)" and the soulful rendition of Beyoncé's "Texas Hold ’Em" are poised to steal the spotlight.
In the Album of the Year category, the battle intensifies as Victoria Monét's "Jaguar II" and Killer Mike's "Michael" go head-to-head. The competition is fierce, the anticipation sky-high.
The BET Awards have always been a platform celebrating talent, diversity, and creativity, with phenomenal artists like Burna Boy and Doja Cat making waves. It's a glorious celebration of music in its myriad forms.
Prepare for an enchanting night filled with stars, performances, and entertainment at the BET Awards! The stage is set for luminaries like Blue Ivy Carter (OMG y'all our baby is set to make herstory per usual), the sensational Halle Bailey, and many more to shine bright.
Let the excitement build for the BET Awards - an event that promises to be an absolute showstopper, one that you definitely do not want to miss! You think Kendrick & Drake might both "Pop Out?" They along with the Ville's own J. Cole are all nominated for best male Hip Hop Artist. BET being messy? Keep scrolling to check out more nominations along with my personal predictions! 
Chris Brown, 11:11
Gunna, A Gift & A Curse
21 Savage, American Dream
Usher, Coming Home
Drake, For All the Dogs (Scary Hours Edition)
Victoria Monét, Jaguar II                                                                    
Killer Mike, Michael
Nicki Minaj, Pink Friday 2
Beyoncé
Coco Jones
Doja Cat
H.E.R.
Muni Long
SZA
Tyla
Victoria Monét
Brent Faiyaz
Bryson Tiller
Burna Boy
Chris Brown
Drake
Fridayy
October London
Usher
¥$, Ye, Ty Dolla $ign
2 Chainz & Lil Wayne
41
Blxst & Bino Rideaux
City Girls
Flo
Maverick City Music
Wanmor
Lil Durk feat. J. Cole, “All My Life”
Beyoncé feat. Kendrick Lamar, “America Has a Problem (Remix)”
Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice (With Aqua), “Barbie World”
Cardi B feat. Megan Thee Stallion, “Bongos”
 ¥$, Ye, Ty Dolla $ign feat. Rich The Kid, Playboi Carti, “Carnival”
Lola Brooke feat. Latto & Yung Miami, “Don’t Play With It (Remix)”
Nicki Minaj feat. Lil Uzi Vert, “Everybody”
Usher, Summer Walker & 21 Savage, “Good Good”
Drake feat. Sexyy Red & SZA, “Rich Baby Daddy”
Cardi B
Doja Cat
GloRilla
Ice Spice
Latto
Megan Thee Stallion
Nicki Minaj
Sexyy Red
21 Savage
Burna Boy
Drake
Future
Gunna
J. Cole
Kendrick Lamar
Lil Wayne
41
4Batz
Ayra Starr
Bossman Dlow
Fridayy
October London
Sexyy Red
Tyla
Doja Cat, “Agora Hills”
Lil Durk feat J. Cole, “All My Life”
Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice (With Aqua), “Barbie World”
Cardi B feat. Megan Thee Stallion, “Bongos”
Drake feat. J. Cole, “First Person Shooter”
Usher, Summer Walker & 21 Savage, “Good Good”
Victoria Monét, “On My Mama”
Drake feat. Sexyy Red & SZA, “Rich Baby Daddy”
Doja Cat, “Agora Hills”        
Lil Durk feat. J. Cole, “All My Life”
Gunna, “Fukumean”                                                  
Jack Harlow, “Lovin on Me”
Muni Long, “Made for Me”                                                  
Victoria Monét, “On My Mama”                                            
Drake feat. Sexyy Red & SZA, “Rich Baby Daddy”
Chris Brown feat. Davido & Lojay, “Sensational”    
Beyoncé, “Texas Hold ‘Em”                                                  
Tyla, “Water”                                                             
Asake (Africa)
Aya Nakamura (France)
Ayra Starr (Africa)
Bk’ (Brazil)
Cleo Sol (UK)
Focalistic (Africa)
Karol Conká (Brazil)
Raye (UK)
Tiakola (France)
Tyla (Africa)
Beyoncé, “16 Carriages”
Nicki Minaj feat. Tasha Cobbs Leonard, “Blessings”
Ayra Starr, “Commas”
Flo feat. Missy Elliott, “Fly Girl”
Megan Thee Stallion, “Hiss”
Victoria Monét, “On My Mama”
SZA, “Saturn”
GloRilla, “Yeah Glo!”
American Fiction
Bob Marley: One Love
Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
The Book of Clarence
The Color Purple
The Equalizer 3
The Little Mermaid
Anthony Mackie
Colman Domingo
Damson Idris
Denzel Washington
Donald Glover
Idris Elba
Jeffrey Wright
Lakeith Stanfield
Angela Bassett
Ayo Edebiri
Coco Jones
Danielle Brooks
Fantasia
Halle Bailey
Issa Rae
Regina King
Akira Akbar
Blue Ivy Carter
Demi Singleton
Heiress Diana Harris
Jabria McCullum
Jalyn Hall
Leah Jeffries
Van Van
A’ja Wilson
Angel Reese
Coco Gauff
Flau’jae Johnson
Juju Watkins
Naomi Osaka
Sha’carri Richardson
Simone Biles
Anthony Edwards
Gervonta Davis
Jalen Brunson
Jalen Hurts
Kyrie Irving
Lebron James
Patrick Mahomes
Stephen Curry
Hello my luvs, y'all know my crush on Moneybagg Yo got me vibing to his music at first, but let me tell you, BAGG drops bangers left and right. When he hinted at Speak Now, I was hype for that Chris Brown feature. I mean, who wouldn't be? But hold my drink! When I got to track 15 and Morgan Wallen two-stepped in with Whiskey Whiskey, I was shooketh. So, let's dive into the magic of Moneybagg Yo and some of my fav tracks from his latest drop!
Multi-platinum rap king Moneybagg Yo just unleashed his much-awaited album, SPEAK NOW. This 17-track beast does not disappoint. As a matter of fact, don't miss the new music video for “TABOO MIAMI” – it’s a vibe! Directed by Frankie, it’s got all the flashy visuals and quick cuts of what we love to see i.e. Bagg living it up in Miami clubs.
While hyping up Speak Now on Instagram, Moneybagg Yo dropped some wisdom, saying, “To Every Action There’s A Reaction, Timing Is Everything And Information Is Power Im In Raw Form Aint No Cut On This Sh** This For My Day 1 Core Fan Base The Ones Who Was There Since The Beginning!!” With the album out, it's prime time to dive into the tracklist and give you a day 1 fan's opinion on Speak Now.
SPEAK NOW kicks off with “ALL YEAR,” setting the tone with high-energy beats and scorching bars. Other killer tracks include “GANGSTA RELATE” with Lil Durk, diving into the struggles that shaped Bagg, and “WHISKEY WHISKEY” with Morgan Wallen—a southern hip-hop/country mix about drowning your sorrows. The single “TRYNA MAKE SURE” stands tall, and the fresh “PLAY DA FOOL” is fire too. Check out the full tracklist for SPEAK NOW below.
In just a few years, Moneybagg Yo has become one of the most versatile voices in hip-hop—he's got the clubs and the streets on lock. Beyond his hometown love, critics and fellow rappers are rockin with him. With industry respect, love of the ladies, plus multiple Awards and nominations Bagg has transitioned into a rap titan at the top of his game. With Speak Now, he reintroduces himself with multi-genre anthems that are impossible to ignore. Bae's about to Speak Now, just listen!
Top Tracks from Moneybagg Yo's 'Speak Now':
This track kicks things off with a bang, serving up energetic beats and blazing verses that get you hyped.
Imagine hip-hop and country walking into a bar—this song is their love child, full of feels and heartache.
Crank up the bass and let those heavy notes and swelling chords hit you right in the feels.
A deep, introspective anthem that dives into life's ups and downs—cue the contemplative head-nod.
Moneybagg Yo goes solo here with autotuned vocals and some serious self-reflection vibes.
Picture pounding piano keys and earth-shaking 808s—this one's an anthem that's perfect for any hype playlist.
Flashy music video alert! This track captures the wild spirit of Miami’s nightlife, no sunscreen required.
We've all been here.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!