As Swifties waited, and anticipated, the release of "The Tortured Poets Department," many in Australia turned to her catalog.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Taylor Swift returns to the zenith of Australia’s albums chart with Lover, while Hozier bags a sweet No. 1 single.

	As Swifties waited, and anticipated, the release of The Tortured Poets Department, which dropped at midnight, many in Australia turned to her catalog.

Lover (via Universal) rebounds 4-1 for a third non-consecutive week at No. 1, and first stint at the summit since 2019.  






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Benson Boone		
					






















	
		
					Dua Lipa		
					






















	
		
					Future		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Swift’s Lover leads a top three ahead of SZA’s SOS (RCA/Sony), up 13-2, and Swift’s rerecorded LP 1989 (Taylor’s Version), up 5-3, respectively. SZA’s sophomore album spikes as her Australian arena tour gets underway, Friday, April 19 with a concert at Brisbane Entertainment Centre, produced by Live Nation.




			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Further down the ARIA Chart, published late Friday, is Linkin Park’s fourth compilation Papercuts (Warner), new at No. 7. The nu-metal favorites have previously led the national tally with 2000’s Hybrid Theory, 2007’s Minutes To Midnight and 2010’s A Thousand Suns. 

	










	Also new to the national survey is We Still Don’t Trust You (Universal/Sony), the second collaborative album from Future and Metro Boomin. It’s new at No. 15, and the followup to We Still Don’t Trust You, which recently bowed at No. 2. 

	Over on the ARIA Singles Chart, Hozier bags his first No. 1 with “Too Sweet” (Columbia/Sony), up 2-1. “Too Sweet” is Hozier’s second top 10 appearance on the Australian chart after his signature song “Take Me To Church” reached No. 2 back in 2013. “Too Sweet” also lifted to No. 1 in the U.K. earlier this month, for Hozier’s first leader there. 

	According to ARIA, Hozier is the fourth solo male singer to reach the top this year on the Australian chart, following U.S. artists Jack Harlow (“Lovin On Me”), Noah Kahan (“Stick Season”) and Benson Boone (“Beautiful Things”). 

	“Beautiful Things” (via Warner) dips 1-2 on the latest frame, while British EDM producer Artemas holds onto third spot with “I Like The Way You Kiss Me” (10K/ADA).

	The top new debut on the ARIA Singles Chart belongs to U.S. pop singer and actor Sabrina Carpenter, whose “Espresso” shoots in at No. 7. “Espresso” (Island/Universal) is the follow-up to “Feather,” which peaked at No. 22 in 2023. 

	Also appearing for the first time on the ARIA Chart is Dua Lipa’s “Illusion” (Warner UK), new at No. 21.“Illusion” is the third single from the British pop star’s forthcoming third studio album Radical Optimism, following “Houdini” (No. 7 peak) and “Training Session” (No. 12).










Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.