A Glastonbury Pyramid Stage headliner has announced they're taking a break from live performances.
SZA who headlined the iconic festival on Sunday, June 30, failed to draw in huge crowds like previous headliners on the famous Pyramid Stage. Announcing her hiatus from the stage following a performance at Montreal's Osheaga festival on Sunday night (04.08. 24), the 34-year-old artist is turning her attention to personal endeavours.
 Posting on X, formerly known as Twitter, SZA shared: "Yesterday was my last show for a while. Finally bout to get my life together thank u God. (sic)". Her 8.5 million followers were quick to respond to the news, with one writing: "May your vocals be well rested, may you find joy, may you stay ignited from your time in travel, may you feel grounded but not stagnant in stillness." 
A second penned: "Does this mean you're getting into the studio?? we need to hear that beautiful voice of yours again." "Don't forget to get that album together in the process," wrote a third. Meanwhile, another typed: "Take time for u! Ily Solana."
Before this declaration, she engaged with a fan online, who expressed that they found her concerts incredibly enlivening and energising. SZA excitedly replied: "This makes me so happy cause that's all I'm tryna do!! I jus wanna capture yalls energy mix it up w mine add some love and throw it back . All within 90 mins... I love you (sic)".
Having headlined Glastonbury Festival in June, SZA confessed onstage about battling nerves before performing on the Pyramid Stage. Addressing her audience, SZA admitted: "Glastonbury, I was so nervous to be here with you today. I'm so grateful, you have my deepest love and my deepest respect. I love you always, god bless you. Get home safely, my name is SZA, good night."
The 'Saturn' songstress has been candid about her mental health, revealing earlier in the year that three therapists help her navigate through her struggles. The sensation behind 'SOS', known for the smash hit 'Kill Bill', has confessed that skyrocketing to fame has been tough, leading to outbursts of "frustration" due to the overwhelming demands, leaving her so pressured she doesn't even want to step outside her door.
The star got candid with Zane Lowe on Apple Music 1: "So I've been really trying to get my spiritual hygiene together because I realised as of recent that a lot of this s*** is not normal. And I didn't know how to process that experience."
"And I was having a lot of lashing out and a lot of frustration. And there's a lot of opinions, a lot of entitlement to your space, a lot of entitlement to your time, a lot of expectation."
Follow Mirror Celebs onTikTok,Snapchat,Instagram,Twitter,Facebook,YouTubeandThreads.
Love Glastonbury? From tickets to headliners, get the latest updates direct to your inbox with Worthy Welly