September 20, 2024
2:32 PM
Photo by Harry Durrant/Getty Images
SZA took to social media to voice her concerns over the resurgence of nitrous oxide, commonly known as whippits, and its potential mind-altering effects, particularly on Black youth.
“Sorry to be old n annoying but.. Is no one gonna talk about how galaxy gas came out of no where and is being MASS marketed to black children?”the singer questioned on X.  the government is doing NOTHING ? .. since when are we selling whip its at the store ???? Somebody protect the children.
The TDE songstress also shared a screenshot detailing nitrous oxide’s potential side effects, including neurological and psychiatric harm. In a follow-up tweet, she highlighted the unsettling use of playful designs and bright colors in Galaxy Gas’s marketing, asking, “Something about the childlike designs and marketing is so spooky like .. stars and bright colors? you tryna entice the kids on purpose?”
RELATED: SZA Opens Up About Her Transition from Gymnastics to Music
SZA’s comments quickly circulated on social media before being picked up by The Shade Room, where she faced some pushback from critics who argued that the product had been around for years.
"Yes .. I’m aware whippits have been around since we were younger . GALAXY GAS however was founded in 2021 in metro Atlanta and is currently being marketed to CHILDREN," the singer fired back. "It has childlike branding and marketing and being sold at Walmart and gas stations like cigarettes .. that’s not normal . Stop being dense and HELP THESE KIDS . Hell.”
Notably, Galaxy Gas is readily available through online platforms like Amazon, offering a variety of enticing flavors such as strawberry cream, mango smoothie, vanilla cupcake, and blue raspberry.
SZA isn’t the only artist speaking up. Rapper Lil Gnar recently got some praise for his viral "Galaxy Gas" tutorial, where the Chief Keef affiliate and 43B signee casually unscrewed the canister's nozzle and tossed it right into the trash—making a clear point about ditching the product.
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.