By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:31, 4 February 2024   |  Updated:  23:46, 4 February 2024   
 28
View  comments
Justin Bieber is still having the time of his life during NHL All-Star weekend in Toronto.
The Peaches singer, 29 and his wife Hailey Bieber, 27, were seen with The Kid LAROI, 20, and pop star Tate McRae, also 20, on Saturday night. 
The couples went on their double date at Alobar in the Yorkville neighborhood of Toronto on Saturday night. 
Justin looked festive in an oversized red coat with huge white polka dots on it which he paired with jeans, a grey sweater and a black Balenciaga ball cap that retails for $450.
The Rhode Beauty founder, meanwhile, looked elegant in a fur jacket and grey pants with her hair blown out and her makeup done to perfection.
Justin Bieber is still having the time of his life during NHL All-Star weekend in Toronto; seen on Saturday night
His wife Hailey Bieber looked elegant in a fur jacket and jeans with her hair blown out and her makeup done to perfection
Bieber was also a celebrity captain as were Michael Bublé – who revealed he was high on mushrooms during the game – and Will Arnett 
McRae performed at halftime of the All-Star game, wearing a sparkly silver crop top.
She performed her hits Greedy, Exes, and You Broke Me First as well as her single Run for the Hills for the first time.
During the game, LAROI and McRae were spotted holding hands as they made their way through security.
The Heaven singer wore a white and yellow NHL jersey and Tate in a casual shirt and jeans with a purple and black leather jacket.
McRae, who is a native of Calgary also served as the celebrity captain during the All-Star festivities.
Bieber was also a celebrity captain as were Michael Bublé  – who revealed he was high on mushrooms during the game – and Will Arnett.
The Baby singer, who is a native of London, Ontario, was mic'd up as he joined the NHL's best in warmups. 
In a video posted by Sportsnet, the hockey stars were seen taking pictures and interacting with the two-time Grammy winner, who helped put the teams together on Friday.
The couples went on their double date at Alobar in the Yorkville neighborhood of Toronto on Saturday night
Justin looked festive an an oversized red coat with huge white polka dots on it which he paired with jeans, a grey sweater and a black Balenciaga ball cap that retails for $450
Bieber and his group were flanked by his body guards as they walked down the street in Toronto
Along with the Biebers were The Kid LAROI, 20, and pop star Tate McRae, also 20
McRae performed at halftime of the All-Star game, performing her hits Greedy, Exes, and You Broke Me First as well as her single Run for the Hills for the first time
McRae, who is a native of Calgary also served as the celebrity captain during the All-Star festivities
In a video posted by Sportsnet, the hockey stars were seen taking pictures and interacting with the two-time Grammy winner, who helped put the teams together on Friday
'It's been a minute,' Bieber told Toronto Maple Leafs defenseman Morgan Rielly. '[It's] so fun though, this is the dream'
During the game, LAROI and McRae were spotted holding hands as they made their way through security with the Heaven singer wearing a white and yellow NHL jersey and Tate in a casual shirt and jeans
Bieber also performed during the All-Star weekend for the first time since canceling his 2023 world tour
Bieber performed Baby, Peaches and Eenie Meenie,' as well as his rendition of SZA's Snooze in front of his home team's crowd.
'It's been a minute,' Bieber told Toronto Maple Leafs defenseman Morgan Rielly. '[It's] so fun though, this is the dream.'
Bieber was also taped telling Saint Louis Blues center Robert Thomas that he was 'just here for [a] warmup' - suggesting that he would 'get hurt' if he played in the game. 
Bieber also performed during the All-Star weekend for the first time since canceling his 2023 world tour. 
Bieber performed Baby, Peaches and Eenie Meenie,' as well as his rendition of SZA's Snooze in front of his home team's crowd.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group