Rumours are sweeping Glastonbury that Taylor Swift could make a surprise appearance on Sunday night.
Despite the incredible hype, fans are set to be disappointed.
Festival-goers are speculating that she could take to the stage during The National’s headlining slot on The Other Stage. Earlier this year, The National collaborated with Taylor Swift on the track The Alcott, which features on their album, First Two Pages of Frankenstein.
It’s rumoured she could join them for the stage for that song. But despite both Taylor and The National being currently on tour, it seems the speculation is wide of the mark.
Taylor will be performing the final night of a three-night run at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin that evening. She is set to finish her set around 10.45pm..leaving her just a 30-minute window to helicopter herself to Glastonbury before the National’s set finishes at 11.15pm.
Taylor Swift was supposed to headline Glastonbury in 2020 but the event was cancelled due to the COVID pandemic. She is currently an odds-on favourite to headline 2025 although Emily Eavis has suggested that next year could be a fallow year - meaning Glastonbury returns in 2026 instead.
Her 152-date Eras tour has become the most lucrative set of concerts in history. While the National are headlining on the Other Stage, SZA will be gracing the Pyramid stage for her Glasto debut. She would have performed at BST Hyde Park the night before in London.
Many have questioned SZA’s pedigree as a headliner but insiders expect her to be the surprise package of the festival. She was drafted into the headline slot after talks between Glastonbury and Madonna reportedly broke down.
Saturday night’s Glastonbury sees Coldplay take to the stage in a hotly anticipated set. Little Simz, The Streets and Orbital are also performing.
Whether you want to relive your favourites from the Pyramid stage or missed out on tickets, Amazon has launched a pre-Amazon Prime Day deal that means you can listen to millions of songs including those from this year's top Glastonbury artists totally free. Amazon Prime members can get five months of music - streamed and downloaded for when you don't have wifi - completely free in a limited time deal.
Follow Mirror Celebs onTikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.