Manage your account
Twice leads the Billboard 200 this week with their six-song EP, “With You-th,” opening at No. 1 with the equivalent of 95,000 units sold in the United States.
The K-pop group — comprised of members Nayeon, Jeongyeon, Momo, Sana, Jihyo, Mina, Dahyun, Chaeyoung, and Tzuyu — hit the summit thanks to the record’s impact in physical revenue, which made up 90,000 of their 95,000 unit total, according to music data tracking firm Luminate. It’s the top-selling album of the week ending Feb. 29 and represents the largest sales week of the year so far. The EP was available in 14 collectible variations and three different vinyl versions.
More from Variety
Beyoncé's 'Texas Hold 'Em' Becomes Her Ninth Solo No. 1 With Strong Radio Presence
Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign Lead Billboard 200 With Controversial Album 'Vultures'; Beyoncé Tops Country Chart With 'Texas Hold 'Em'
Toby Keith Posthumously Returns to No. 1 on Billboard 200 With '35 Biggest Hits' Album
“With You-th” is Twice’s fifth Top 10 record and the third record by a K-pop girl group to hit No. 1 behind Blackpink’s sophomore full-length “Born Pink” (2022) and NewJeans’ “Get Up” (2023).
Since making their debut in 2015, the nine-woman K-pop group has headlined global, stadium tours with their signature light pop, fluttering choreography and candied lyrics. They are currently on the road for their “Ready to Be” tour, They perform at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas on March 16.
Notably, the Top 10 of the Billboard 200 also includes a second K-pop girl group, with Le Sserafim — a five-member group formed by Source Music (under the Hybe umbrella) — debuting at No. 8 with “Easy.”
At No. 2 this week is Morgan Wallen’s “One Thing at a Time” in its 52nd week on the chart, with the equivalent of 67,000 units sold. A March 3, 2023 release, “One Thing” has not left the top six of the Billboard 200 since its release due to its popularity on streaming. The album ended 2023 as the most popular album of the year in the U.S., according to Luminate’s Year-End report. The album’s lead single, “Last Night,” was the year’s most-streamed song by on-demand audio streams.
To commemorate its first anniversary, Wallen has released a special seven-track LP dubbed the “Abbey Road Sessions,” comprised of live recordings from “One Thing,” in addition to the previously unreleased track “Lies Lies Lies,” and a newly recorded cover of Nothing But Thieves’ “Graveyard Whistling.” 
Also this week, “Vultures 1,” by Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign slips to No. 3 after spending two weeks at No. 1, while Noah Kahan’s “Stick Season” is at No. 4 and SZA’s “SOS” is at No. 5.
SZA’s lone single “Saturn” also occupies the No. 6 slot on the singles chart this week, following the song’s arrival on streaming on Feb. 22. SZA also appears at No. 9 with her “SOS” song “Snooze.”
Meanwhile, Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold ‘Em” leads the list for a second week with 28 million radio airplay audience impressions and 26 million streams. Since Beyoncé’s label Columbia began promoting the single to multiple radio formats, “Texas” appears on charts for Adult R&B Airplay, R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay, Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay, Adult Alternative Airplay and is currently No. 38 on Country Airplay. Its highest ranking in airplay is on the Adult Pop chart, where it jumped from No. 28 to No. 16 this week.
Best of Variety
'One Tree Hill' Star Bethany Joy Lenz Announces Memoir 'Dinner for Vampires' Detailing Her Decade in a Hollywood Cult
This 'Sopranos' Box Set Is More Than Half Off Right Now
What's Coming to Disney+ in March 2024
Sign up for Variety’s Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.