Eilish released 'Hit Me Hard and Soft' on May 17.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	SZA is loving Billie Eilish’s Hit Me Hard and Soft.

	The “Kill Bill” singer took to X on Monday (June 3) to gush over Eilish’s third studio album, which arrived on May 17. “Billie went f—ing crazy. This album is gorgeous,” SZA wrote.
Billie went fucking crazy . This album is gorgeous

	Produced as usual by the pop star’s brother and longtime collaborator, Finneas, the 10-track set marks Eilish’s third studio LP, following 2019’s When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? and 2021’s Happier Than Ever, both of which spent three weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard 200. No singles preceded the project, with the 22-year-old singer telling fans from the moment she announced it, “i wanna give it to you all at once.”






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Billie Eilish		
					






















	
		
					SZA		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	On the Billboard 200 chart dated June 1, Hit Me Hard and Soft debuted at No. 2.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	“Every time you put anything out, it feels like your nudes leaked a little bit,” the nine-time Grammy winner previously told Apple Music’s Zane Lowe of the album. “I think this one specifically is like that. Something that Finneas and I said to a couple of people when we started to play it for people is we kind of made the album that if somebody had said, ‘I want you to make an album and no one is going to hear it. You don’t have to worry about anyone’s ears or opinions or anything at all. It’s in your contract to make an album but no one can hear it.’ We pretty much made that album. We made that album without much thought of other people.”




			Trending on Billboard		





Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.