Megan Thee Stallion embraces Angel Reese during the rapper’s Lollapalooza performance (Photo Credit Instagram).
Since its inception in 1991, Lollapalooza has spotlighted Black culture, celebrating its significant impact on music, art and fashion. This year’s festival continued that tradition with a diverse lineup of artists, from iconic hip-hop and R&B performers to up-and-coming talents, showcasing the rich musical traditions of the African American community.
This year’s festival highlighted the new leaders in the music scene: musicians who embrace femininity and can energize the crowd with movement and positive messages.
On Thursday, recent Grammy Award winner Tyla brought the heat all the way from South Africa to Chicago, performing hits like “Truth or Dare” and cooling the audience off with her famous song “Water.” Not to be outdone is British singer, rapper, songwriter and record producer Labrinth, who captivated the crowd with his gospel-tinged operatic songs, including “Still Don’t Know My Name.”
In June, Megan Thee Stallion was announced as Tyler the Creator’s replacement. During her performance, Megan addressed the criticism she received for performing at a Kamala Harris rally in Georgia. “They were fake mad that I was popping it for Kamala,” she told the Chicago crowd after performing “Girls in the Hood.”
The Grammy winner added, “Kamala said she wants a ceasefire. Kamala said she supports women’s rights. Kamala said y’all tired of those high a– gas prices. Kamala said, ‘I’m for the people.'” Megan added, “Tonight, I’m not giving y’all my lightest twerk. I’m giving y’all my hardest twerk in the…rain. It’s Hotties for Harris!”
Professional basketball player for the WNBA Chicago Sky, Angel Reese, surprised Megan Thee Stallion on stage, showcasing their friendship with a hug and a shoutout, “Sista!”
A post shared by Megan Thee Stallion (@theestallion)
On Friday, female rapper Sexyy Red commanded the stage, letting everyone know she was in the building with her “Make America Sexyy Again” hat prop. Known for her bold, don’t-give-no-effs songs, Red also united the crowd with renditions of pop favorites like “Party in the U.S.A” by Miley Cyrus and “We Are Young” by Fun, featuring Janelle Monáe.
Victoria Monét, who has had a stellar year in music with Grammy wins and viral TikTok dances, made her Lollapalooza debut. Her performances, including the hit “On My Mama,” captivated the crowd. Chance The Rapper made a surprise appearance during singer and songwriter Renee Rapp’s set. SZA closed out the second day of Lollapalooza with her soothing, electric set, taking the audience on a journey from a forest scenery to another galaxy with “Saturn.”
Saturday was just for the fellas. Rapper Armani White, who has a huge song about wearing a big t-shirt like “Billie Eilish,” had an energetic performance full of high vibes and even hung out in the crowd for a minute while signing autographs. 
A post shared by Lollapalooza (@lollapalooza)
Killer Mike took to the stage and touched on his leadership, politics and family with “Motherless” and the music industry with his down-South flow. Rapper Future and producer Metro Boomin had a collaboration, “Like That,” but it was cut short due to overcapacity.
On the final Sunday, Vince Staples brought a fan on stage and asked him if he hypothetically says the N-word when he goes home. The fan replied, “I do not.” 
Staples allowed his fans to proceed and perform his song “Press Play.” Teezo Touchdown, who typically wears nails in his hair but may have been too hot in Chicago, performed in his unique style, “Familiarity” and “Impossible,” and concluded with the R&B singer and Songwriter SIR.
The festival lineup showcased artists from various backgrounds, genres and experiences. Per custom, Lolla provided a platform for global superstars and emerging local talents. The festival aimed to create a stage where everyone could see themselves represented. This musical diversity entertained and educated the audience about different cultural expressions and musical traditions.
Lollapalooza dedicated specific spaces to highlight the contributions of marginalized groups. These areas included stages for LGBTQ+ and Indigenous artists and ASL interpreters for people with disabilities. These efforts ensured the festival was accessible and welcoming to all attendees, promoting community and belonging.
Lolla demonstrated its commitment to continually updating and evolving safety and security protocols; the festival included educational and preventative measures to keep attendees safe.
Partnering with This Must Be The Place, an overdose prevention non-profit, the festival educated music fans about the dangers of Fentanyl. It provided them with the life-saving opioid reversal medicine, Naloxone (commonly known as Narcan).
A special training session for the press was held inside the press lounge at the festival location.
Despite a rain-soaked start, Lollapalooza brought on the party, offering attendees a unique experience to see their favorite artists. It was also the place to hang out with friends and family and enjoy the food, beverages and summer weather—when it finally, truly cleared up. 
Since it only happens once a year, you’ll want to be ready for next year’s lineup in 2025.
Marshelle R. Sanders is a reporter for The Chicago Defender with deep roots in Chicago, IL, and the nearby suburb of Bellwood, IL. Her journalism has been featured in esteemed publications such as Felix Magazine and Eventnoire. In addition to her reporting, Marshelle is an influencer behind “The Beverage Library,” a brand that combines her passions for beverages and books to promote a relaxed social lifestyle. She is also a skilled mixologist. Marshelle holds degrees from Triton College and Governors State University.

See author's posts

Tags: black culture, hip-hop, Inclusivity, Labrinth, Lollapalooza 2024, Marshelle Sanders, Megan Thee Stallion, music festival, R&B, SZA, Tyla, Victoria Monet
Copyright © 2025. Real Times Media. All Rights Reserved.
Accessibility Tools