This comes after years of on-and-off tension between the duo.

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

SZA was on a high last week after releasing the deluxe edition of SOS, but drama quickly followed. The 35-year-old singer recently revealed that she is no longer managed by TDE’s President Terrence “Punch” Henderson.

	A fan account made the announcement on X (formerly Twitter) and was aggregated by another fan account on Instagram. The four-time Grammy winner confirmed it when she commented, “Nothing to celebrate. The end of an era. I wish him the best *heart emoji* whatever his choices may be. *heart emoji*.”

	Punch tends to generate a lot of hate on social media for his opinions and for heading up TDE, a label notoriously known for withholding their artist’s music. Naturally, this announcement caused many fans to direct their ire toward him again, but the St. Louis-born singer shot him some bail. “And to be clear I love punch deeply!” she added. “NO ONE should be attacking him or being cruel on my behalf. Sometimes ppl grow apart and that’s okay *heart emoji*.” She doubled down on X, writing, “Now now now … let’s keep it cute . *nodding emoji* it’s Christmas.”

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	On the same evening SZA was confirmed to step away from Terrence “Punch” Henderson in a management capacity, he had some tweets of his own. “Madness, as you know, is like gravity,” he wrote. “All it takes is a little push.” He later added, “Also, nothing real can be threatened. Relax ppl. lol” and “SMH. Change your bio and everything goes haywire. Sheesh. I’m beginning to suspect some of you guys don’t fancy me very much.” He attempted to carry on business as usual by asking people for their favorite songs from LANA, and he said his choices were “Crybaby” and “My Turn.”

	Just days before this, the songstress joked about Punch being “kind” and letting her put out more music after her SOS Deluxe: LANA came out on Friday (Dec. 20). She shared a screenshot of her text messages when she submitted a “quiet slight begging petition” to release a few extra tracks, to which he replied that they should let LANA breathe and release the rest on Christmas on New Year’s Eve. 

	Punch quoted the tweet and said, “Aiight somebody get her phone.” That same day, he celebrated SZA and Kendrick Lamar having the top two albums on Apple charts. As clear as it is that there is some uneasiness between the two, they are doing their best to smooth it over publicly. While we wait for more details, listen to LANA below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.