The singer-songwriter was stunning in an 18th-century fashion fit we loved.
Source: Bennett Raglin / Getty
Congratulations to our girl SZA, who was honored at the 2024 Songwriters Hall of Fame ceremony this week. She was among several artists recognized at the 53rd iteration of the coveted awards ceremony at the Marriott Marquis in New York City.
Known for bangers like “Good Days,” “Kill Bill,“ and “Snooze,“ SZA sparkled throughout the night. She dazzled on the stage and the red carpet, showing cameras, fans, and onlookers how much of a rising star she is.
What made SZA’s recognition and appearance even more magical was its timing within her career. According to Billboard, songwriters are only eligible to join the illustrious ranks 20 years after “their first song is commercially released.“ But, the Songwriters Hall of Fame makes exceptions when bestowing its Hal David Starlight Award, presented to a rising songwriter who has already delivered a distinguished body of work.
On June 13, SZA, whose real name is Solána Imani Rowe, was that songwriter. 
SZA accepted her award in a stunning corseted dress that oozed royal vibes. Her vintage-era ensemble included a fitted ruffle corset, layers of lace fringe, and a sculpted jacquard print skirt. 
The artist continued her 18th-century fashion theme with ribbons, ivory stockings, a vintage silver brooch, and a contemporary-style blue ruffle clutch. She added an oversized pearl necklace that added extra glamour.
Her beauty look was soft and romantic, like her fit. She wore her signature curly tendrils in a red hue and popping pink lipstick. Get into her award-winning vintage vibes below.
Source: L. Busacca / Getty
In an industry that often overlooks the contributions of women of color, SZA’s recognition is a significant and much-needed milestone, particularly at this early stage of her career. Since her debut studio album CTRL, she has captivated the world with her lyrical prowess, changed perspectives with her voice, and slayed with her natural beauty and style.
In other words, SZA remains that girl – and one of the most influential voices of this music generation. We see you, Sis! 
RELATED
Check Out SZA’s New Sunglasses Edit With Quay Australia
SZA Debuts A Short New Hair Style


SZA Accepts Her Songwriting Flowers In A Corset Dress That Screams ‘Marie Antoinette’ 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Listen Live								

									2025 Cincinnati Music Festival Lineup Announced								

									Win $125 + Tickets to Key Glock AND Tyler the Creator!								

									Text Club Terms								

									Country Meat Co. Marketplace Becomes the 1st Black-Owned Grocer in Cincinnati								

									WIZ Prom Crashers - Submit Your High School Today!								

									The Banks Goes 21+ on Weekend Nights Amid Safety Concerns								

									101.1 The WIZ Mobile Apps								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.