The three powerhouse stars are hooking up for a new buddy comedy coming out on Jan. 24.
Source: Jeff Kravitz / Getty
Dang it. Looks like we’ll have to wait a few months for the next hot movie. Powerhouses SZA, Issa Rae and KeKe Palmer are linking up for a new movie One of Them Days expected to come out in January.
The trailer just dropped and if it were up to us, we’d bootleg it immediately (if that’s even still a thing) because the trailer looks like what you’d expect from a group that has Grammys, Peabodys and Emmy Awards between them.
The script was written by Syreeta Singleton, the showrunner for Rae’s now-canceled HBO series Rap Sh!t, and directed by Lawrence Lamont, who started his career as a music video director then moved on to Rap Sh!t. 
In the trailer, Keke and SZA play friends Dreux (KeKe Palmer) and Alyssa (SZA) who have to figure out how to make the rent after Alyssa’s boyfriend spends it. And they’re up against a time crunch Dreux has for a job interview that could change their prospects. But as you can expect, there are plenty of obstacles – hilarious ones.
Also in the cast are Katt Williams, Maude Apatow, Lil Rel Howery and Janelle James with cameos by Gabrielle Dennis, Amin Joseph, DomiNique Perry, Keyla Monterroso Mejia and Patrick Cage. Palmer and Rae are producers through their respective production companies Big Boss and Hoorae.
While SZA is new to acting, Keke Palmer is booked and busy. She’s next starring in the heist comedy The Pickup with Eddie Murphy and the Aziz Ansari-directed Good Fortune with Seth Rogen and Keanu Reeves.
SZA is still working on her next release Lana and having conversations with Kendrick Lamar for his just-released Harper’s Bazaar cover. Rae just announced that as part of her ColorCreative management company, she’s starting Stubio, which will support five creatives in completing projects that will debut on the streamer.
While several online users say One of Them Days looks like the girl’s vision of Friday, that’s what the world needs, in our opinion. Judge for yourself in the trailer below:


WATCH: Trailer for ‘One of Them Days’ With SZA & KeKe Palmer Produced By Issa Rae Just Dropped 
						was originally published on
						cassiuslife.com



									Savor the City								

									The Family Matters Cast Remembers The Life of Michelle Thomas								

									Activate								

									Fatal Attraction								

									For My Man								

									Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Has Social Media In A Chokehold								

									Schedule								

									Featured Shows								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.