By LILY JOBSON FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  14:45, 4 April 2024   |  Updated:  15:04, 4 April 2024   
 29
View  comments
Dua Lipa put on a leggy display in a black mini dress as she stepped out in rainy London on Thursday.
The hitmaker, 29, wore a stylish green leather jacket to complement her statement red tresses and elevated her frame with knee-high heeled boots.
The beauty appeared in high spirits as she was seen out and about in the city in her trendy ensemble.
Dua couldn't wipe the smile off her face as she roamed around the streets, carrying her designer Prada bag. 
Her low-key outing comes after she jetted off to Paris, France for a short getaway with boyfriend Callum Turner.
Dua Lipa, 28, put on a leggy display in a black mini dress as she stepped out in rainy London on Thursday
The hitmaker wore a stylish green leather jacket to complement her statement red tresses and elevated her frame with knee-high heeled boots
While she was in the French capital, Dua's security guard was filmed pushing a fan out of the way as he protected the singer while she was out with Callum.
As the pop star and her actor partner, 34, were seen hopping out of a car before an overzealous fan came dashing over to them while holding up her phone.
However, before the fan could reach Dua, she was swatted out of the way by a burly security guard - sending her phone flying to the ground.
The video has been shared online and fans have shared their opinions on what they think of the bodyguard's actions, with many saying he was 'just doing his job'.
However others suggested his actions were too forceful and the fan was only trying to take a video of the globally famous star. 
Those in support of the security guard, said: 'I would be annoyed too if someone put a phone into my face, the security guard did it's job rightfully, but damn that girl gotta get a new screen.'
'We stan how Dua Lipa's security guard took lessons from bad bunny about what to do with phones!!'; 
'It looks like the security guard had pushed her away before he did that right? Idk if I'm missing something but it seems like she just didn't respect their boundaries'; 
The beauty appeared in high spirits as she was seen out and about in the city in her trendy ensemble
Dua couldn't wipe the smile off her face as she roamed around the streets, carrying her designer Prada bag
Her low-key outing comes after she jetted off to Paris, France for a short getaway with boyfriend Callum Turner
Dua chatted with a pal as she headed to an unknown destination
The beauty matched her red nail colour to her gorgeous red tresses
The singer-songwriter was completely invested in a conversation
Dua's highly anticipated third studio album - Radical Optimism - is slated for a May 3 release
'She didn't, security guard did his job right'.
But others argued: 'I didn't like Dua here. The bodyguard gave a very quiet girl who wanted to make a video a strong blow in the arm, and Dua, hearing the phone fall, didn't even turn around \ scolded the bodyguard.'
Dua and Callum have been linked since January when the IDGAF singer was spotted supporting him at the premiere after-party for his latest series.
In an interview with Rolling Stone she said: 'Dating, I think overall, is just a little confusing.
'It’s either through friends of friends or people you trust where you can meet new people, because [dating] is not really so straightforward when you are, I guess, a public person.'
Dua, which translates to 'love' in Albanian, is just starting out the relationship with Turner as the two get to know each other.
In early January, their relationship was confirmed when they were seen slow dancing together after heading out for a date night.
The couple, who spend a lot of time out together, is frequently spotted at post award ceremony events.
2024 is set to be quite the year for the pop sensation as she is a part of the Glastonbury Music Festival lineup in England alongside SZA and Coldplay
In February, they attended the 66th Grammy's after-party together looking glamorous as if straight out of a magazine cover. 
Then, they were photographed in a romantic embrace earlier this month while driving to a Brit Awards after-party as the singer rested her hand on his thigh. 
2024 is set to be quite the year for the pop sensation as she is a part of the Glastonbury Music Festival lineup in England alongside SZA and Coldplay. 
But that's not all, her highly anticipated third studio album - Radical Optimism - is slated for a May 3 release.
Just last month the starlet dropped the first single Training Season which is said to be featured on the forthcoming record.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group