By 

	Tomás Mier


	The best in music will be celebrated at this year’s iHeartRadio Music Awards — and Cher is getting a special tribute.

	On Tuesday, iHeartRadio announced the first cohort of performers — including TLC, Jelly Roll, and Justin Timberlake — at this year’s awards show and revealed that Cher will be honored with the Icon Awards.

	The show will honor the “Believe” legend with a tribute performance celebrating her “unparalleled contributions to music and pop culture for over seven decades.” The musicians set to honor her have yet to be announced.

	Also slated to perform at the awards are rock band Green Day, country star Lainey Wilson, and “Greedy” radio staple Tate McRae. 

	iHeartRadio announced the nominees for this year’s show in January. Taylor Swift leads the nominations with a total of nine nods, including for Artist of the Year, Pop Artist of the Year, Song of the Year for “Cruel Summer,” and Best Lyrics for “Is It Over Now?” from 1989 (Taylor’s Version).

	










	Drake, Jelly Roll, Luke Combs, Miley Cyrus, Morgan Wallen, Olivia Rodrigo, Shakira, SZA, and Usher are also nominated for the coveted Artist of the Year trophy. (Harry Styles won the award last year.)

	Following closely behind in number of nods are Jelly Roll, SZA, and 21 Savage with eight each. This year’s show includes five new category additions, including Pop-specific awards, and K-Pop Artist and Song of the Year, along with a Best New K-Pop Artist category.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	Last year’s show, hosted by Lenny Kravitz, saw Swift take home the most awards of the night with six. Performers included Latto, Jax, Coldplay, Keith Urban, and Pink. 

	The iHeartRadio Music Awards will air on Fox at 8 p.m. ET on April 1.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.