By KIRSTEN MURRAY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  22:03, 12 October 2024   |  Updated:  23:58, 12 October 2024   
 406
View  comments
Strictly fans were left shocked after they spotted Katya Jones pushing her partner Wynne Evans' hand away during Saturday night's show. 
The couple have appeared to be getting on brilliantly during training and were third on the leaderboard with their sensational Tango for week four. 
However, it seems tensions could be rising between the pair after fans took to Twitter after spotting awkward moments between the duo. 
As host Claudia Winkleman revealed this week's voting lines were open, Wynne, 52, put his arm around Katya's waist before she appeared to take his hand and push him off. 
And fans were quick to notice the toe-curling moment as they took to Twitter to share their reactions. 
Strictly fans were left shocked after they spotted Katya Jones pushing her partner Wynne Evans off her during Saturday night's show 
As host Claudia Winkleman revealed this weeks voting lines were open, Wynne put his arm around Katya's waist before she appeared to take his hand and push him off
They penned: 'Anyone else see Katya push wynne's hand away'; ''Katya moving Wynne's hand away then….';
'Did anybody else just see Katya push away Wynne's hand - she did that awkward smile.'
'There was a really awkward moment towards the end of Strictly during judging where Wynne’s hand crept across Katya’s waist and she pushed it away';
'Urgh...just seen the clip of Wynne. Katya was clearly uncomfortable'. 
Meanwhile in a second awkward interaction Katya, 35, appeared to shun Wynne's attempts at a high five after Sam Quek and Nikita Kumzin's performance. 
Standing with both hands outstretched, the professional dancer seemed to deliberately turn her back on her partner instead of returning the gesture. 
Sharing the video, one fan wrote: 'You left Wynne hanging again Katya'.
One fan wrote: 'Did anybody else just see Katya push away Wynne's hand - she did that awkward smile'
Meanwhile in a second awkward interaction Katya appeared to shun Wynne's attempts at a high five after Sam Quek and Nikita Kumzin's performance
Standing with both hands outstretched, the professional dancer seemed to deliberately turn her back on her partner instead of returning the gesture
And fans were quick to notice the toe-curling moment as they took to Twitter to share their reactions
Sharing the video, one fan wrote: 'You left Wynne hanging again Katya'
However, the couple broke their silence on the awkward high five interaction as they took to Instagram later on Saturday night to clear up any confusion
Wynne then added in the caption: 'Apologies for this tonight we were just messing around. We really are amazing friends'
MailOnline has contacted Strictly, Katya and Wynne's representatives for comment.  
However, the couple broke their silence on the awkward high five interaction as they took to Instagram later on Saturday night to clear up any confusion. 
Addressing fans in a video, Katya began: 'Hello everybody it's Wynne and Katya here. We just wanted to say we were just messing around in the Clauditorium on Saturday night and just want to say sorry. 
'It was a silly joke,' as Wynne added: 'Yes sorry'. 
Wynne then added in the caption: 'Apologies for this tonight we were just messing around. We really are amazing friends. The high 5’s is a running joke. Have a great evening @katyajones'.
Meanwhile fans have slammed the judges for 'overmarking' two of the show's contestants, insisting 'they must really want them to win'.  
Wynne and Katya scored 34 for their Tango, receiving 8 points from Craig Revel Horwood and Anton Du Beck and nine from Shirley Ballas and Motsi Mabuse, making it his highest score so far.
Dancing the Tango to Abba's Money Money Money, the judges praised him for his high energy routine, with Anton saying it was 'tremendous' and 'one of your best performances.'
Craig said: 'You bum was sticking up - but I loved, loved, loved it. Winner, winner, winner.'
The couple have appeared to be getting on brilliantly during training and are were third on the leaderboard with their sensational Tango for week four
Dancing the Tango to Abba 's Money Money Money, the judges praised him for his high energy routine, with Anton saying it was 'tremendous' and 'one of your best performances' 
Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec - Charleston to Unhealthy by Anne-Marie, Shania Twain - 39 
Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas - Salsa to Danza Kuduro by Don Omar ft. Lucenzo - 34
Wynne Evans and Katya Jones - Tango to Money, Money, Money by ABBA - 34
Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe - Viennese Waltz to Nobody Gets Me by SZA - 33
Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu - Cha Cha to Ain't No Love (Ain't No Use) by Sub Sub feat. Melanie Williams - 30
JB Gill and Amy Dowden - Rumba to You Might Need Somebody by Kara Marni - 30
Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell - Salsa to Down Under by Men At Work - 30
Pete Wicks and Jowitza Przystal - Quickstep to Town Called Malice by The Jam - 29
Sam Quek MBE and Nikita Kuzmin - Samba to Hips Don't Lie by Shakira - 28
Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola - Foxtrot to Birds Of A Feather by Billie Eilish - 27
Paul Merson and Karen Hauer - Quickstep to I Won't Dance by Fred Astaire - 23
Nick Knowles and Luba Mushtuk - Charleston to Rain on the Roof from Paddington 2  - 21
Punam Krishan and Gorka Marquez - Jive to 2 Be Loved (Am I Ready) by Lizzo - 20
Motsi agreed and said: 'This was your best dance yet, I've been waiting for this dance, I knew it was coming. What I love is that you guys give us a story...beautifully timed.'
Head judge Shirley Ballas was also full of praise and said: 'I got goosebumps, it was passionate and told a tale. You got out there and I could see you're in it to win it.'
However some fans didn't agree with the feedback and accused BBC bosses of giving out special treatment.
Some believed Wynne is a 'judges' favourite' and 'very cliquey' with them all.
Earlier this month, it was revealed Wynne has found love again after the breakdown of his 16-year marriage left him contemplating suicide.
The opera singer has been in a relationship with events manager Liz Brookes, 50, since earlier this year.
Wynne previously revealed he hit 'rock bottom' in the midst of his depression, stemming from the end of his marriage to Tanwen, the mother of his two children, in 2016.
Earlier this month, it was revealed Wynne has found love again after the breakdown of his 16-year marriage left him contemplating suicide 
Nick Knowles, 62, admitted he 'thought his journey was over' after his knee injury and was given a pass to perform his movie week Charleston due to lack of rehearsals 
Taking to the floor with Luba Mushtuk, Nick performed his Paddington themed Charleston from Movie Week as production allowed him to carry his week three dance through 
While his future in the competition was left uncertain, it was confirmed on Friday the DIY SOS star would be back to perform for week four, but would perform his week three dance
Speaking candidly to Claudia Winkleman after giving it his all on the dance floor, Nick admitted: 'This time last week I thought I was out so I am over the moon'
But Wynne is now in a relationship with fitness fanatic Liz - who is said to have helped him lose weight ahead of Strictly.
A source told The Sun: 'Wynne and Liz met at an event and are taking things slow, but he’s excited about where the relationship might go.
'He is in a much better place now than when his marriage ended. It's like night and day — and he is so happy.' 
After losing an astonishing 7st in the past year – what he modestly describes as 'a bit of timber' - Wynne revealed even more weight has fallen off since signing up for the BBC One dance show.
'I'm more body confident. Looking in the mirror all day is a bit odd for me, because the mirror is something I always try to avoid,' Wynne told The Mail.
'But I'm really enjoying it. I haven't seen my neck in a long time. I feel like a giraffe!'
He puts his weight loss down to a ­c­alorie-controlled diet, long walks with his new love, events manager Liz Brookes, 50, and – of course – the ­physical demands of Strictly.
Elsewhere on Saturday night's Strictly Nick Knowles returned to the dance off after a week off following a knee injury. 
Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec got a near perfect score with their Charleston to Unhealthy by Anne-Marie
Tasha Ghouri received the first 10s of the series for her incredible Charleston 
Sam Quek performed an energetic Samba to Hips Don't Lie by Shakira
Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakka danced the Salsa to Danza Kuduro by Don Omar ft. Lucenzo and got 34 out of 40 
Pete Wicks and Jowitza Przystal did the Quickstep to Town Called Malice by The Jam and got 29 points 
Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe wowed with their Viennese Waltz to Nobody Gets Me by SZA and got 33
The DIY SOS star, 62, took to the floor with his partner Luba Mushtuk, to perform his Paddington themed Charleston from Movie Week as production allowed him to carry his week three dance through after skipping last week's show.
Dedicating the dance to his 10-year-old son Eddie, judge Motsi Mabuse praised the star for his 'courageous return' as she confirmed 'your son will be proud.' 
Speaking candidly to Claudia Winkleman after giving it his all on the dance floor, Nick admitted: 'This time last week I thought I was out so I am over the moon.'
Luba added: 'I am in absolute awe of this man and the determination. The fact that he has fallen in love with dancing is the most beautiful thing.'
Nick was told on Friday by medics he would be able take to the floor on Saturday to dance again, one week after the injury forced him to pull out of Movie Week. 
And as he smiled alongside his partner Luba during the show's introduction, he looked delighted to be back on the floor. 
Taking to Twitter Nick's performance received a mixed reception as viewers sympathised with his injury to varying degrees.
Many were left disappointed at the dance as they penned: 'Nick Knowles is back, just in time to be sent home'
Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell did the Salsa to Down Under by Men At Work and scored 30
The comedian was an instant hit with viewers as he performed the Australian themed dance in homage to Diane's home 
Gorka Marquez and Dr Punam came bottom of the leaderboard. They did the Jive to 2 Be Loved (Am I Ready) by Lizzo and got 20
Paul Merson and Karen Hauer did the Quickstep to I Won't Dance by Fred Astaire and got 23. The judges said he had made a great improvement from last week 
JB Gill and Amy Dowden did the Rumba to You Might Need Somebody by Kara Marni  and got 30
Shayne Ward and Nancy XU went first with their lively Cha Cha to Ain't No Love (Ain't No Use) by Sub Sub feat. Melanie Williams. They got 30 points 
Claudia and Tess were dressed to impress for the fourth live show 
'The judges are being very kind to Nick and giving him lots of concessions'; 'Why are the judges sucking up to Nick Knowles so much? That was not a good dance';
'Hhhmmm that actually felt like a lacklustre performance of the Charleston from Nick Knowles.
'I’m a little disappointed, mostly because he’s had x2 weeks to learn this routine and it just wasn’t as over the top full of goofy character at all'.
Others were more understanding of Nick's injury as they wrote: 'Nick 6 HUGE RESPECT to Nick not quit the show due to injury, I know this choreography is more easy than original one, but appreciate we can see it!'; 'Well done Nick'. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group