ByJacqueline Schneider
ByJacqueline Schneider,
 Senior Contributor. 
Amy Winehouse performs during the 46664 concert in celebration of Nelson Mandela's life at Hyde Park ... More on June 27, 2008 in London.
Music is a reflection of life and life can be among other things, sometimes sad. Sadness takes on different forms — sometimes it’s regret, depression or loss, and other times, sadness feels nostalgic or reflective. Whatever the emotion, sad songs seem to help. Whether you need sad songs to cry to, depressing or emotional songs for solace, or you just need to listen to something loud with the volume way up, melodies, lyrics and harmonies fill the heart with on-demand sonic companionship to work through feelings.
Sadness is subjective, just like music. A sad R&B song may suffice one morning for one person, while another person needs an emotional rock song to blast late at night.
With a sampling of music spanning generations and genres — from the early ‘90s and 2000s to experimental soul, rock and country music, this installation of the saddest songs of all time is curated by a wide range of music lovers and self-proclaimed emotional listeners.
30. "Blind" by Sza (2022)
Since her 2017 album CTRL, Sza has become a staple in emotive soul. The laser-sharp writing skills mixed with idyllic orchestral progressions in “Blind” open the heartstrings to Sza’s relatable story about a toxic relationship.
29. "In The Waiting Line" by Zero 7 featuring Sophie Barker (2001)
As downtempo electronic music was making its way to the mainstream, the English production duo Zero 7, who began as audio engineers in the business, seemed to know how to make music with a lot of feelings. "In The Waiting Line," made its way onto the Garden State soundtrack, the movie featuring Natalie Portman and Zack Braff revolving around a cycle of chronic depression and romance.
28. "Baby" by Donnie & Joe Emerson (1979)
A sweet song from the duo Donnie & Joe Emerson made in the 1970s never received the love it was capable of until it was remade by Ariel Pink in 2012. While Pink’s cover does the original sad song justice, something about the original recording makes “Baby” extra emotional.
27. ﻿"Times A Wastin" by Erykah Badu (2000)
A classic tune from Erykah Badu’s iconic Mama’s Gun album, “Times A Wastin” comes in strong with an electric panning keyboard and all of the honesty one might expect from the singer. About the urgency of life, Badu urges a “young man” to make the most of his time in matters of the heart.
26. "Dust In The Wind" by Kansas (1977)
A favorite sad song for dads and uncles alike, Kansas’ “Dust In The Wind” rolls out as an acoustic lullaby and brings the listener into a story of nostalgia and impermanence.
25. "Where Did I Go" by Jorja Smith (2018)
A bit under the radar, the vocal stylings of London’s Jorja Smith took many by surprise when she burst onto the scene as a teenager in 2017. The point of view of a younger artist may not always translate for wider audiences, but Smith’s style, tone and writing make this song about finding oneself relatable and timeless.
24. "I Love You" by Faith Evans (2001)
While “I Love You” by Faith Evans may not seem sad at first, upon repeated listens, the twang of the melody and apparent emotion in Evans’ voice invokes a pang of sadness into the happiest of hearts.
23. "Time Moves Slow" by Bad Bad Not Good featuring Samuel T. Herring (2016)
Canadian Jazz sensation Bad Bad Not Good hit the sadness nail on the head when they released “Time Moves Slow” featuring the vocal stylings of Samuel T. Herring. A dark chord progression paired with lyrics “running away is easy, it’s the leaving that’s hard,” this song is not sad in the way that crying is immediate, it’s a slow burn with a reflective stance on life.
22. "Pink Matter" by Frank Ocean (2012)
What would a sad songs list be without Frank Ocean? This falsetto ballad takes Ocean into new emotional territory paving the way for experimental and R&B artists and songwriters to come after.
21. "Kites" by Anik Khan (2017)
Any song that starts with “I’m holding on by a thread,” is easy to recall as sadly memorable and relatable. Queens New York-bred, Bangladeshi musician and entrepreneur, Khan, made his debut with this honest song and the Kites album launching him into the spotlight.
20. "Levels" by Bilal (2010)
With elements of analog and digital, Bilal’s “Levels” speaks to the layers of work it takes to make a relationship work. A slow progression through sound, “Levels” was a below-the-radar hit amongst record store regulars and bloggers alike.
19. "Show Me How" by Men I Trust (2018)
A light drum and slowly paced guitar progression make “Show Me How” an instant magnet for emotions. As dreamy vocals from lead singer Emma Proulx drop in a deep story unfolds: “I’m turning around / I’m having visions of you / But then I understand / The friend I’m dreaming of is far away / But I’m here, I’m here”.
18. "Fall in Love with You" by Montell Fish (2022)
A song that made itself known after making the rounds on social media platforms, Montell Fish’s “Fall In love With You” is a somber reflection of love. “Maybe it couldn't work out / In the end / Maybe this what I deserve now / Better off as friends” spells out deep feelings like a twenty-something’s therapy session.
17. "Sweet Misery" by Amel Larrieux (2000)
What hooks “Sweet Misery” into a song to cry list Amel Larrieux’s unforgettable voice. Laced with intonations and emotions unique to Larrieux’s range of sounds and writing skill.
16. "Soy El Unico" by Yahritza Y Su Escenia (2022)
Specializing in the sierreño subgenre, a regional Mexican style, Yahritza Y Su Escenia, a trio of siblings, make beautiful music. The song “Soy El Unico” which translates to “I am the only one” rolls in with dreamy yet strong intricate guitar melodies and drops in with Yahritza’s powerful vocal tambor. The depth of the universal song is emotional and felt whether you understand Spanish or not.
15. "This Night Has Opened My Eyes" by The Smiths (1984)
The moodiest of moody bands, The Smiths are a go-to for the strange and sentimental. "This Night Has Opened My Eyes" is quite possibly one of the best songs of all time and could be taken as sad, pensive, ironic or whatever the listener wants. The malleability of The Smiths’ sound makes this tune special.
14. "I Don't Know" by Nick Hakim (2014)
Making its rounds on Soundcloud, garnering 1.5 million plays, Nick Hakim’s “I Don’t Know” was one of a handful of songs that gave his voice a wider audience. With honest and raw lyrics: “Here's a toast to you / its been too long / And we're drinking 'til the night is gone / Where did you go, and have you seen?” Hakim’s voice and song speak into an abyss of emotions longing for a home.
13. "Someone Like You" by Adele (2011)
The strength of Adele’s voice in “Someone Like You” sings of sorrow and love lost — the most relatable of all the sad things. The black and white video plays into the singer’s emotional story as she strolls along the water in deep reflection.
12. "Love Is a Losing Game" by Amy Winehouse (2006)
“For you I was a flame / Love is a Losing Game” spoke to so many who were just getting to know Winehouse in 2006 when her debut album Back to Black came out. Her voice backed by a subtle guitar, allowed her truth and vulnerability to shine through, making not only the listening of the song touching, but the witnessing of her honesty meaningful.
11. Where Is My Love” by SMYL (2019)
A sort of dystopian love song, SMYL’s “Where Is My Love” combines otherworldly sound effects and masterful guitar to enunciate the intricate feelings of loss.
10. “Herfra hvor vi står” by Quadron (2009)
“Herfra hvor vi står” translated from Danish to “where we stand” is a delicate, stripped-down song pondering life. Lyrics as translated to English explore the idea of vastness and inevitable change: “From where we stand, can we look around - to all sides / It moves when we walk / it changes in all times”.
9. “B.W.’s Blues” by Tommy Guerrero (1997)
Instrumental, experimental surf rock as some may call Guerrero’s laidback style, “B.W.’s Blues” lingers in the air like a thick smoke. A song to sink into, the guitar of “B.W.’s Blues” sings its own song, changing its meaning depending on the day and time of listen.
8. “Strange Fruit” by Nina Simone (1965)
Hauntingly beautiful yet solemn, Nina Simone had a way of delivering words to pierce the heart. “Strange Fruit” was originally a poem written by ‪Abel Meeropol‬ about Black lynchings in the United States during the Jim Crow Era, rising to a mainstream lens through Simone’s heartfelt musical delivery and emotion.
7. "You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome When You Go"' by Bob Dylan (1975)
The song title says it all. Bob Dylan explores the art of saying goodbye. Complete with harmonica and a strumming guitar, Dylan’s memorable voice puts this classic recprding in the list of sad songs.
6. "Fade Into You" by Mazzy Star (1993)
Making the nonchalant cool, Mazzy Star landed on an iconic sound clearly distinguishable from its musical peers of the time. Capturing the hearts of the mainstream, “Fade Into You” made its rounds on MTV with the classic video burning images of a wandering nostalgic Hope Sandoval, the band’s singer, into the minds of all who watched.
5. "It's So Hard To Say Goodbye" by Boyz II Men (1991)
How could a sad songs lust be complete without Boyz II Men? The ‘90s R&B boy band of guys who could really sing, with strikingly unique voices made ballad after ballad with “It’s so Hard To Say Goodbye” as a sad song that really stuck.
4. "A Change Is Gonna Come" by Otis Redding (1965)
Originally written by Sam Cooke just two weeks before his untimely death, Otis Redding’s version of “A Change Is Gonna Come” delivered to the masses a musical protest song serving as what some called “the unofficial anthem of the civil rights movement”.
3. "Old Man" by Neil Young (1972)
This song tells the story of necessity — for both old and young men. In “Old Man,” Neil Young compares the two groups of men ultimately explaining that both groups have the same needs. The song is solemn and honest and reflective of aging.
2. Dear Mama by Tupac (1995)
A dedication to his mother, “Dear Mama” is a beautifully written song about the love Tupac Shakur had for his mother despite the ups and downs of theory collective lives. Shakur’s lyrics breath life into the love we carry for mothers and maternal figures, paying homage to an unbreakable bond. “I love payin' rent when the rent's due / I hope you got the diamond necklace that I sent to you / 'Cause when I was low you was there for me / And never left me alone, because you cared for me / And I could see you comin' home after work late / You're in the kitchen, tryin' to fix us a hot plate”
1. "Tears In Heaven" by Eric Clapton (1992)
The death of Eric Clapton’s 4-year-old son was the heartbreaking impetus for “Tears In Heaven.” “Would you know my name, if I saw you in heaven?” Clapton asks in the song bringing the tears of loss to even the hardest of emotional exteriors.
Bottom Line
Culturally, sadness connects humans and drives emotions to their inevitable resting place. Cycling through sadness is a normal and necessary journey and music can without a doubt help channel feelings and create meaningful markers for processing difficult emotions. While sadness feels limiting, music connects relatable words and sounds in an attempt translate sadness into gratitude.
"I Still Miss Someone" by Johnny Cash (1958)
Co-written with his nephew, Roy Cash Jr., "I Still Miss Someone" sweetly expresses the longing for someone you feel when witnessing the love of others.
"These Boots Are Made For Walkin" by Loretta Lynn (1966)
A ballad for moving on, Loretta Lynn spices up this country classic with attitude and confidence.
"Marjorie" by Taylor Swift (2020)
A sweet Swift's late grandmother and opera singer Marjorie Finlay, the song is laced with advice from Finlay, heartfelt strings and layered with guilt.
"Landslide" by Fleetwood Mac (1975)
An instant cry, “Landslide” is a moody tune to put you into a reflective state.
"Tears Dry On Their Own" by Amy Winehouse (2006)
Break out the tissues, or not, as Winehouse’s hit reminds us of the impermanence of sadness.
"Earfquake” by Tyler, the Creator ft. Playboi Carti (2019)
A departure from Tyler The Creator’s typical fare, sad rap made its debut in "Earfquake,” a silly approach to love and lust.
"Purity" by A$AP Rocky featuring Frank Ocean (2018)
Add Frank Ocean to A$AP Rocky and you have a sad rap song.
"With or Without You" by U2 (1987)
A recognizable rock jam from the 80s, U2 stands the test of time in ‘With or Without You.”
"Everything In Its Right Place" by Radiohead (2000)
An emotional roller coaster of developing sonic storylines, "Everything In Its Right Place" reminds us that things are happening for a reason and on time.