If you are h-o-t-t-o-g-o get some Chappell Roan tickets, that makes two of us.
The eccentric, red-haired singer-songwriter is blowing up and for good reason, as her festival appearances are more like full-fledged concert experiences, combining amazing vocals, costume changes, danceable choreography and even a few heartfelt messages over the course of her short set time.
As a result, the way Roan drives crowds to music festivals around the country has become a phenomenon — or “Femininomenon.” Thankfully, I was fortunate enough to score tickets to Gov Ball which had an all-star line-up of today’s heaviest hitters joining Roan like SZA, The Killers and Carly Rae Jepsen.
Roan, 26, having just come from the sold-out Boston Calling Festival, was actually moved up in the Sunday lineup, kicking off a girl-powered celebration on the main stage along with Reneé Rapp and SZA to close out the final day of the fest. As the drone footage shows, it was a fully packed venue, and if you squint you’ll see a very excited Post staffer screaming with delight at the very front barricade.
Once her set began, the Chappell experience was almost as religious as her name suggests. Together, her band and fans create an electric, unified energy once her graphics hit the screen. It’s had not to connect with an artist engaging with videos from her younger self, displaying lyrics for the crowd to sing along with and even nodding to her LGBTQIA+ fans with the classic “Am I Gay” quiz.
And then there’s her costumes (see the bottom of the story to check them out).
Some compared her elaborate outfits to Lady Gaga, circa her meat dress era. Roan’s Gov Ball appearance was no different and did not disappoint, as the “Midwest Princess” emerged from a giant smoking red apple pipe painted head-to-toe in green, wearing a in a backless (well, booty-less) Statue of Liberty costume. The quick set included a costume change in the middle, as she changed into a taxi cab mini dress, yellow gogo boots with 1-800-ROAN on them and black and white checkered gloves. 
Oh, we almost forgot about the music. Some may think festival sets are too short to enjoy all their favorite artists have to offer, but Roan really knows how to make the most of her short time onstage. To her fans’ delight, she hit the highlight reel with “Red Wine Supernova,” “My Kink is Karma,” “Casual” and, of course, the iconic “HOT TO GO!” complete with custom-printed pizza boxes thrown into the crowd. For those wondering, yes, “Naked In Manhattan” also made the cut.
Ready to sign up for a membership to Roan’s “Pink Pony Club” right now?
You can find tickets to a Chappell Roan ‘Midwest Princess Tour’ date or festival appearance — including her newly announced All Things Go Forest Hills headlining set as of today. Just make sure to act fast since her tickets sell quick. “Good Luck, Babe!” with your search!
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
As you may have noticed, Roan is making the rounds at festivals this year.
For a closer look at where they’re going down and who she’ll be performing with, take a look at our breakdown of all of Chappell Roan’s 2024 festival appearances here:
As noted above, Roan kept it tight at Gov Ball. According to Set List FM, here’s what she performed in Queens at the three-day fest:
01.) “Femininomenon”02.) “Naked in Manhattan”
03.) “Super Graphic Ultra Modern Girl”04.) “HOT TO GO!”05.) “Casual”06.) “Subway” (Live debut; unreleased song)07.) “Red Wine Supernova”08.) “Good Luck, Babe!”09.) “My Kink Is Karma”10.) “Pink Pony Club”
In 2023, Roan released the 14-song “Rise and Fall of a Midwestern Princess.”
The exuberant yet reflective record features bangers like “HOT TO GO!” and “Naked In Manhattan” as well as longing ballads “Kaleidoscope” and “Coffee” that show off her range.
Most recently, she dropped the bouncy, synth-y single “Good Luck, Babe” this year.
Want to dig deeper? You can find all of Chappell Roan’s music here.
If Roan isn’t coming to a city near you this year, no need to fret.
Many iconic artists could be headed your way in the next few months.
Here are just five of our favorite pop stars you won’t want to miss live in 2024.
• Olivia Rodrigo
• Charli XCX with Troye Sivan
• Gracie Abrams
• Kacey Musgraves
• Lizzy McAlpine
Who else is out and about? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest concert tour in 2024 to find out.