ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - MAY 22: Singer Madonna is seen on stage during the 2016 Billboard Music Awards ... More held at the T-Mobile Arena on May 22, 2016 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by JB Lacroix/WireImage)
Months after it was first released, Madonna’s current single “Popular” is still somehow climbing on a number of Billboard charts. This week, the tune lifts again on a ranking the pop superstar was only introduced to recently, and if her ascent continues, she may be looking at a future leader–the first of her career on one specific tally.
This week, Madonna jumps to No. 3 on the R&B Streaming Songs chart. Billboard publishes the list every week to show which tunes classified as R&B Americans can't stop playing on platforms like Spotify and Apple
AAPL
 Music.
“Popular” has previously reached as high as No. 2 on the R&B Streaming Songs chart. The tune peaked in the runner-up rung back in June 2023. It’s impressive that more than half a year later, it looks like the track might soon return to that high point–or even best it by finally climbing to the No. 1 rung.
Madonna has scored many hits on some of Billboard’s charts that incorporate R&B, but before “Popular,” she’d never reached the R&B Streaming Songs list. The tally was introduced years after most of her R&B-leaning wins rose and fell on the Billboard rankings–which happened largely before streaming–so it’s not entirely surprising that she has never landed a No. 1 hit on this specific roster. In fact, “Popular” is Madonna’s only hit on this chart.
Currently, “Popular” is held back by SZA’s “Snooze” and Muni Long’s “Made For Me.” Those hits sit at Nos. 1 and 2, respectively, on the most recent edition of the R&B Streaming Songs chart. “Snooze” has ruled the list for 13 lucky weeks, while Long’s latest has been stuck behind her.
“Popular” is led by The Weeknd, and it credits both Madonna and Playboy Carti as featured musicians. The tune was written and recorded for The Weeknd’s TV show The Idol. While the HBO series has already been canceled, some of the music from the program lives on. “Popular” has remained a streaming success for months, reaching millions of young people via TikTok, where it’s become a breakout success.
Last week, “Popular” sat at No. 5 on the R&B Streaming Songs chart, so it’s clearly on the rise. Whether it can keep that momentum up is hard to tell. Madonna and company not only need to keep fans streaming, but they need SZA and Long to drop down the list in order to capture the top spot, which is far from certain to happen in the next few frames–though it’s absolutely not impossible.