Shania Twain will play the legends slot at Glastonbury while British singer Dua Lipa, rock band Coldplay and American singer Sza were announced as this year’s headliners.
Canadian singer Twain, known for hits including Man! I Feel Like A Woman!, You’re Still The One and That Don’t Impress Me Much, will perform on Sunday afternoon at the Worthy Farm festival in Somerset – which is being held from June 26 to 30.
The five-time Grammy award-winner has sold more than 100 million records, making her one of the most successful musicians.
Twain told Radio 2’s The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show: “I really am so excited. I mean, the best part of it is being able to share it now. It’s just so exciting. It’s been hard to keep it to myself, to be honest. So I’m really glad that this is announced. And I’m just buzzing.
“There’s like a stamp that comes with this slot and I feel like I’m there, I’ve arrived at this slot. It’s going to be gorgeous, at sunset time, it is stunning. I’ve watched some of the other performances and I’m already planning what I’m going to wear. You know, all that exciting stuff.”
For 15 years, Twain did not release new music following a bout of Lyme disease that caused her to lose her voice, but then returned from hiatus with the album Now.
In 2018, she underwent open throat surgery after her voice was damaged by the effects of the debilitating illness and this year will also kick off her third Las Vegas residency, being held at the Bakkt Theatre at Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino in May.
Glastonbury co-organiser Emily Eavis had previously revealed she had booked a major female artist for the slot.
Also taking to the Pyramid Stage will be US rock band LCD Soundsystem, British rapper Little Simz, Nigerian singer Burna Boy, 80s chart-topper singer Cyndi Lauper and British soul star Olivia Dean.
Hidden Figures star and US singer Janelle Monae, Mercury Prize winner Michael Kiwanuka, British singer-songwriter Paul Heaton, UK rock band Keane, British singer Paloma Faith and Nigerian singer Ayra Starr are also among those performing on the main stage.
Before Dua Lipa was announced for the first day of the festival, which marks her Pyramid Stage debut, she revealed her first album in four years would be titled Radical Optimism on Wednesday.
On Instagram, she wrote: “I have dreamt of this moment all my life. Something that lived only in my wildest dreams and highest manifestations!!!
“I am so excited to see you all in my favourite place on earth and make it a night to remember!!”
Her third studio album, which will arrive on May 3, will feature 11 tracks including hit singles Houdini and Training Season, and comes after she won the best pop act award at the Brits earlier this month.
Coldplay will make their first Pyramid Stage appearance since 2016 on the Saturday night, becoming the first act to headline Glastonbury five times.
They move ahead of The Cure, who have taken a headline slot four times.
The Sunday night headliner is Grammy and Brit winner Sza, real name Solana Imani Rowe, known for the songs Snooze and Ghost In The Machine featuring Phoebe Bridgers.
A post shared by Emily Eavis (@emily_eavis)
On the Other Stage are US rock band The National, Canadian singer Avril Lavigne, former Fifth Harmony member Camila Cabello, Brit Rising Star winners The Last Dinner Party, singer-songwriter Anne-Marie, Dry Your Eyes singer The Streets and Northern Ireland band Two Door Cinema Club.
On Instagram, Eavis wrote: “I’m so happy to be able to bring you the first shortlist of artists for Glastonbury 2024.
“There is even more to come over the coming weeks, when we will be bringing you the full line ups for each area.”
Jungle and drum and bass musician Nia Archives, Brazil singer Declan McKenna, K-pop stars Seventeen, indie pop band London Grammar and Irish rock band Fontaines DC are also among the acts for the festival.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.