By AMELIA WYNNE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:35, 1 July 2024   |  Updated:  23:27, 1 July 2024   
 19
View  comments
Paul Mescal sent fans wild by singing Shania Twain's iconic line 'Let's go girls!' ahead of her Glastonbury set over the weekend.
The Normal People actor, 28, was among the stars who headed to Worthy Farm for the annual music festival and was captured ahead of Shania's Legends Slot on Sunday.  
In a now widely-shared video whoever is filming him begins the beat to her hit Man! I Feel Like A Woman! - as he finishes off the famous line with: 'Let's go girls!'
He was clad in his usual short shorts attire for the festival which he teamed with a grey T-shirt and cap. 
The BBC shared the video on their Instagram and Shania herself commented saying: 'Love it!!', along with several laugh crying emojis. 
Paul Mescal sent fans wild by singing Shania Twain 's iconic line 'let's go girls!' ahead of her Glastonbury set over the weekend
The Normal People actor, 28, was among the stars who headed to Worthy Farm for the annual music festival and was captured ahead of Shania's Legends Slot on Saturday
The BBC shared the video on their Instagram and Shania herself commented saying: 'Love it!!', along with several laugh crying emojis
Fans were loving the clip as they commented under the video saying: 'He's too cute!',
'Quality content', 'Have I watched this 100 times? Yes', 'Why's he so cute', 'Love him!' 
Shania was one of the Glastonbury star to be plagued by sound issues as she took to the stage on Sunday - as the issue also affected SZA, Dua Lipa and Coldplay.
The iconic singer, 58, could be seen struggling with her ear piece as she seemed to have trouble with her pitch and timing.
Shania made a very dramatic entrance alongside drag queens and dancers, before quickly finding herself beset with problems.
Horrified fans rushed to X, formerly Twitter, to slam the behind the scenes crew as they felt nothing but sympathy for Shania's moment being ruined. 
They wrote: 'Utterly horrific sound mix on Shania!': 'The sound at Glastonbury has been terrible on BBC, Cyndi yesterday and now Shania? Maybe BBC just hates gay icons': 'Sound is pretty rubbish for Shania': ''Looks like Shania knows something is wrong with the sound'.
'Sorry why does Shania Twain sound awful at Glasto?': 'Can someone please rescue Shania. Clearly having bad sound issues and it ain't helping': 'What is going on with the sound for Shania Twain?! She's really struggling. This is absolutely dreadful'.
In a now widely-shared video whoever is filming him begins the beat to her hit Man! I Feel Like A Woman! as he finishes off the famous line with: 'Let's go girls!'
He was clad in his usual short shorts attire for the festival which he teamed with a grey T-shirt and cap
Fans were loving the clip as they commented under the video saying: 'He's too cute!', 'Quality content', 'Have I watched this 100 times? Yes', 'Why's he so cute', 'Love him!'
It came just before SZA was also hit by sound issues, as she took to the stage as the third and final headline act on Sunday.
The US hitmaker, 34, performed on Worthy Farm's iconic Pyramid Stage, but the show sparked complaints from viewers, who slammed her 'awful' mic problems.
SZA's show also struggled to draw in the huge crowds that were on display during Coldplay's headline slot the previous evening, as thousands of fans abandoned the show after tuning into England's Euro 2024 match.
Footage from the festival showed a significantly smaller audience than had been in attendance on Saturday.
As SZA kicked off her headline slot, viewers were quick to complain about her sound problems, with some claiming it sounded like she was 'singing into a fan.'
Posts on X included: 'Why are the backing singers crystal clear and SZA sounds like she's singing through one of these???'
'Me after hyping SZA up to my mum and dad for months and then her sounding like she's singing into a fan;'
'Fix SZA's mic RIGHT NOW;'
'Is something wrong with SZA's mic? I can't understand a word she's saying rn;'
'Who the hell is sabotaging SZA's mic at Glastonbury????;'
The smaller crowd could also be seen during BBC's coverage of SZA's show, with one viewer tweeting: 'That SZA crowd is one of the lowest I've ever seen for a Pyramid headliner. Wow.'
Many fans had opted to join Louis Tomlinson and his sister Lottie to watch England's Euro 2024 victory over Slovakia earlier in the evening, after Glastonbury organisers confirmed they would not be screening the match.
Speaking to the BBC, Louis admitted that fans had branded him 'the god of the festival' adding it was 'a little bit touch and go at times' due to the TV's glitchy signal.
Shania was among the many Glastonbury singers to be plagued by sound issues as she took to the stage on Sunday
The iconic singer could be seen struggling with her ear piece as she seemed to have troubles with her pitch and timing
Shania made a very dramatic entrance alongside drag queens and dancers, before quickly finding herself beset with problems 
However, despite this, some fans praised SZA's performance, with tweets including: '@sza your Glastonbury performance was amazing!! Me & my best friends danced around the living room singing every work. 3/3 of us cried and wow you killed it;'
'Sza at Glastonbury has changed my life.'
The hip hop star admitted to the crowd that she was 'so nervous' ahead of her performance, and ended her show by saying: 'Glastonbury, I was so nervous to be here with you today.
'I'm so grateful, you have my deepest love and my deepest respect. I love you always, god bless you. Get home safely, my name is SZA, good night.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group