© 2025 WWB Holdings, LLC. All rights reserved

                December 03, 2024
            

                        SZA and Kendrick Lamar will co-headline the Grand National Tour in 2025. It will stop in Philly on May 5. 
                    
Frequent collaborators Kendrick Lamar and SZA have announced their next joint project: an arena tour.
The solo artists will play 19 cities together in 2025, including Philadelphia. The Grand National Tour will kick off in Minneapolis in April before making its way to South Philly the following month. Lamar and SZA will perform at the Lincoln Financial Field on Monday, May 5.
Tickets go on sale to the general public on Friday at 10 a.m., though Cash App cardholders can join a presale Wednesday at 10 a.m.
SZA and Lamar have a long working history. Lamar was featured on "Doves in the Wind," a track from SZA's debut 2017 album "Ctrl," and the duo also teamed up in 2018 on the "Black Panther" soundtrack. Their lead single "All the Stars" was nominated for four Grammys and best original song at the Academy Awards.
More recently, SZA appeared on two tracks from Lamar's surprise album "GNX," which the rapper dropped Nov. 22. Both singles are charting on the Billboard Hot 100, with "Luther" peaking at No. 3. Lamar occupies all other spots in the top five.
The singers had big years individually. SZA won three Grammys in February for her sophomore album "SOS." Lamar's record-breaking single "Not Like Us" — which spent the most weeks at No. 1 on Billboard’s Hot Rap Songs chart — racked up five nominations for the 2025 awards show. It will compete against Sabrina Carpenter's "Espresso" and Taylor Swift's "Fortnight" for record of the year.
Monday, May 5 | 7 p.m.Lincoln Financial FieldOne Lincoln Financial Field Way, Philadelphia
Follow Kristin & PhillyVoice on Twitter: @kristin_hunt
 | @thePhillyVoice

Like us on Facebook: PhillyVoice

Have a news tip? Let us know.


                                Kristin Hunt
                            

                            PhillyVoice Staff
                        

kristin@phillyvoice.com

Transportation


                                
                                    Sponsored
                                
                            

Entertainment


Children's Health


Pop Culture


Eagles


Travel


Summer


Adult Health


Adult Health


Parenting


Philanthropy


Health News


Festivals


Travel


Festivals


Entertainment

© 2025 WWB Holdings, LLC. All rights reserved