The sun is shining, the birds are chirping and it’s time to kick all of the sad music off your playlist. Spring is here, and to prepare for the sunshine, The Eagle’s Life staff has curated a perfect playlist of spring songs that match the mood of the changing seasons.
Here are our picks:
“Good Days” — SZA
From Life Managing Editor Sara Winick
If you haven’t listened to “SOS” yet, this is your sign. 
SZA’s 2022 album took critics and fans by storm, and brought home multiple Grammys from this year’s ceremony. Though “SOS” is a great album overall, it’s “Good Days” that always stands out to me as one of SZA’s greatest hits. 
The uplifting and light melody of this track alongside SZA’s mesmerizing vocals make a song that’s bound to get anyone a little emotional. More than that, it serves as a good symbol for spring and the rebirth of something new, with the chorus ringing out “still wanna try / still believe in (good days, good days on my mind).” 
“Big Time Sensuality” — Björk
From Silver Screen Beat Reporter Alfie Pritchard
“Big Time Sensuality” is one of Björk’s grooviest and most dance-inducing songs thanks to its strong electronic, head-bopping beats. Full of energizing vigor, this is one of the most fun singles from Björk’s house-infused dance-pop era of the early 90s. “Big Time Sensuality” is the perfect song to introduce excitement into your spring playlist.
“Love My Way” —  The Psychedelic Furs
From Life Staff Writer Gabby Landis
Whether you’re a fan of 80s British music or not, this next pick is sure to lift your spirits.
This quintessential spring song offers so much more than its critical acclaim. The bright instrumentation and infectious beat make “Love My Way” perfect background music for a sunny walk to class or a kumbaya on the quad with friends. It’s even dance party-friendly, with its bumping marimba backtrack.
“Bloom” — The Paper Kites
From Music Beat Reporter Kyle Galvin
Pressing play on “Bloom” will fill your ears with gentle guitars and banjos, which compliment hushed and wistful vocals in this delightful indie folk ballad. “Bloom” is perfect for any sunny spring day, whether you’re laying out a blanket in the middle of a meadow or going for a nice stroll in your local park. 
“Sweetest Touch” — Gross Magic
From Life Staff Writer Chelsea Perry
Everyone needs “Sweetest Touch” in their lives. 
On an album called Teen Jamz, the glam rock-sounding tune is meant to be blared at the highest volume, ready to bring back the nostalgia of teenage years. With only two verses, you’ll find the lyrics circulating in your mind on repeat, along with the distinct electric guitar melody that drops at the beginning of the song. 
“Unwritten” — Natasha Bedingfield 
From Life Staff Writer Sydney Hemmer
“Unwritten” is the perfect inspirational song to bring positive vibes to your spring playlist.
Ever since this early 2000s song was featured in the new romcom “Anyone But You,” it hasn’t failed to put a smile on people’s faces. The cheerful melody and motivational lyrics go hand in hand to encourage a fresh start as we welcome spring. Whether you’re enjoying your own company or spending time with friends, this song will make you feel like you’re living in your own feel-good movie. 
“Flowers in Your Hair” – The Lumineers
From Environment Editor Clair Sapilewski
This song meets you where you are and gently lifts you up. Starting with some easy strumming and vocals, it soon develops a stronger beat. The song takes off with a perfect walking tempo. It features just under two minutes of positivity and will make any errand feel like a promenade through a mountainside wildflower meadow. 
The song came out with their 2012 album, “The Lumineers.” The alternative folk band’s “Flowers in Your Hair” is perfect for welcoming a new season of life and possibilities. 
“All My Love” – Noah Kahan
From Staff Writer Jessica Ackerman
“All My Love,” from Noah Kahan’s “Stick Season” album, is a cheerful interlude to some of his more somber music. The lyrics are tangibly relatable and evoke feelings of love, longing and hope. 
Accompanied by light ukulele chords and delicate background harmonies, “All My Love” transports listeners to a wistful, nostalgic and almost dream-like state of mind. Listen to “All My Love” when taking a walk under the cherry blossoms, studying on the quad or whenever you need some audible springtime serotonin.
This article was edited by Marina Zaczkiewicz and Abigail Pritchard. Copy editing done by Luna Jinks and Sydney Kornmeyer.
arts@theeagleonline.com 
Section 202 hosts Connor Sturniolo and Gabrielle McNamee are joined by fellow Eagle staff member and phenomenal sports photographer, Josh Markowitz. Follow along as they discuss the United Football League and the benefits it provides for the world of professional football.