Pregnant ladies can't get enough of Drake.
On a recent stop of the rapper's tour with J. Cole, one pregnant fan attended with a sign sharing that Drake's latest album, For All the Dogs, played during her conception.
"I got pregnant to FOR ALL THE DOGS (This is also my 5th time seeing you)," the woman's sign read.
Footage posted by the fan shows Drake's reaction to her sign during his performance. In text on the video, she shares that it's her fifth time seeing Drake tour.
"That's a crazy sign by the way," Champagne Papi said in response to seeing the sign. "We got a sign out here that says, 'I got pregnant to For All the Dogs.' That shit just came out."
Drake followed up by asking what song played when the fan got pregnant. She and others seem to respond, "Virginia Beach!"
Drake's It's All a Blur Tour attracted other pregnant fans last year, including former supporting act (and second-time mother) Sexyy Red, who was the focus of Drake's "Rich Baby Daddy" music video, also featuring SZA.
Drake also kissed the belly of a pregnant woman at a Los Angeles stop last August during his routine concert walkout.
The fan love during Drake's tour is sure to continue. The rapper recently donated thousands to concertgoers who are cancer survivors.
music | BY Brad Callas
Drake Promises to Gift Cancer Survivor $50,000 at Tour Stop in Pittsburgh
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Drake Continues Being Philanthropic on Tour, Offers to Cover Fan's Surgery Bills
music | BY Zach Dionne
Drake and Sexyy Red Have a Baby in "Rich Baby Daddy" Video Co-Starring SZA
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.