"At this point, y'all can keep the throwaways and leaks."

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

SZA gives fans an update on new music after her unreleased work allegedly leaked online. The New Jersey-bred musician shared that original plans for an SOS deluxe version are no more. Instead, the singer has new music in the works in addition to extending the top-charting album. 

	“Y’all leaked three songs from the deluxe. At this point, y’all can keep the throwaways and leaks,” wrote the 34-year-old in a now-deleted post on X per Variety. “I’ll be starting ‘Lana’ from scratch. Do not ask me about it again… I’ll round up the leaks y’all already got and u can have those. Seems like a fair deal. ENJOY.”

	










	In additional posts, the “Snooze” performer confirmed the deluxe version of SOS will now feature “the leaks and outtakes,” adding “‘Lana’ deserves more time and music no one’s ever heard before.”

	In the posts, a person named Janessa was called out for allegedly sharing “unreleased pics and audio” without permission. 

	“And please be clear anybody defending a thief is weird as f**k. I don’t come in your job and take sh*t and f**k up your work. Why would that be okay? Where’s the home training? Nobody wants to prosecute a young woman. We’ve all asked very nicely for some time now.”

SOS was initially released in December 2022 to critical acclaim. The album broke records and helped evolve SZA’s status from R&B darling to global superstar. In February 2023, the Top Dawg Entertainment representative shared her plans to release a deluxe with 10 additional tracks. 

	“After I do the deluxe, I’m hoping to be able to accept that this chapter is done. I’m looking forward to actually feeling proud of myself and not just smiling and nodding at accolades but really feeling it internally and knowing that I’m good enough,” she explained. 

	Since SOS, the chart-topping singer has been featured on two songs with Drake, “Slime You Out,” and “Rich Baby Daddy,” which also features Sexyy Red. Additionally, she joined Flo Milli and Cardi B on the “Never Lose Me” remix. Earlier this year, she dropped off the solo track “Saturn.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.