February 6, 2024
Lizzo is being called out for presenting at the Grammys amid the sexual harassment allegations against her.
Lizzo’s appearance at the Grammys on Sunday night is being called out by her accusers suing her for alleged sexual harassment. 
The Grammy award-winning singer attended the 66th Grammy Awards where she presented the award for best R&B song to SZA for “Snooze.” SZA took a moment to celebrate Lizzo during her speech by acknowledging their friendship and rise in success from their early days of touring together.
However, as wholesome as the moment was, there were some who were bothered by Lizzo’s inclusion in the award show. Following the ceremony, Neama Rahmani, the attorney representing Lizzo’s former backup dancers, called out the Grammys for giving the singer a platform amid the allegations against her.
A trio of Lizzo’s former backup dancers accuse the “Truth Hurts” singer of sexual harassment, racism, and fat shaming along with wrongful termination. Lizzo has been engulfed in an ongoing legal battle with her former dancers that could make its way to trial.
Rahmani believes if Lizzo were a white male facing the same allegations, she wouldn’t have been invited to present at the Grammy. The lawyer is calling out the double standard he believes Lizzo is benefitting from as a woman in music.
The attorney thinks his clients will be vindicated and win their lawsuit and says maybe then, the Grammys will start to believe victims. Lizzo isn’t the only music artist who faced criticism for attending the Grammys. Journalist Dee Barnes called out the Recording Academy for the second year in a row over the Global Impact Award they named after her accuser Dr. Dre. 
One Twitter user even likened Lizzo’s appearance at the Grammys to Diddy’s absence amid his sexual assault lawsuits. 
“Lizzo is welcomed on the @RecordingAcad So where’s the energy for Diddy #HyprocritesAsUsual,” they wrote in a tweet captured by The Neighborhood Talk.
A post shared by The Neighborhood Talk (@theneighborhoodtalk)
Lizzo’s former dancers Arianna Davis, Crystal Williams, and Noelle Rodriguez sued her in August 2023 for an alleged hostile work environment. The singer has denied all allegations. However, another dancer filed a similar suit one month later. 
In October, 18 members of Lizzo’s touring company wrote letters of declaration in support of Lizzo and denying the allegations. On Friday, a Los Angeles judge denied Lizzo’s motion to toss out the sexual harassment lawsuit and allowed the case to move forward toward a trial, Billboard reports.
RELATED CONTENT: Lizzo’s Former Wardrobe Designer Accuses Singer Of Victim Shaming
© 2025 Black Enterprise. All Rights Reserved.