By 

	Thania Garcia


	The first round of performers for the 66th annual Grammy Awards has been revealed: Hitting the Crypto.com Arena stage on Feb. 4 will be current nominees — and previous best new artist winners — Olivia Rodrigo, Dua Lipa and Billie Eilish, with additional acts to be announced.

	Eilish, who won best original song at the 2024 Golden Globe Awards for “What Was I Made For?” from “Barbie,” is up for a total of six Grammy Awards this year. Five of those awards are for “What Was I Made For?” including record of the year, song of the year, best pop solo performance, best song written for visual media and best music video. She is also up for best pop duo/group performance for her and Labrinth’s “Never Felt So Alone,” which appeared on HBO’s teen drama series, “Euphoria.” 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					What an AI War on Copyright Law Could Mean for Content Creators		
			














	
		
					'Industry' Producer Jane Tranter on How Late James Gandolfini Friendship Changed Her Career: ‘First Time I Had Someone Who Was on My Side’		
			








	Dua Lipa is also being recognized for her “Barbie” soundtrack single, “Dance The Night,” which was nominated for song of the year and best song written for visual media. 




			Popular on Variety		






	Meanwhile, Rodrigo is up for six Grammy Awards this year including album of the year (for her sophomore effort “Guts”), record of the year (“Vampire”), song of the year (“Vampire”), best pop vocal album (“Guts”), best pop solo performance (“Vampire”) and best rock song (“Ballad of a Homeschooled Girl”).

	Both Eilish and Rodrigo are among the most-nominated artists on the bill (and, at 22 and 20 respectively, among the youngest) with six nods each while R&B star SZA leads the list with a total of nine nominations. Following SZA, tied with seven nominations apiece, are Victoria Monét, Phoebe Bridgers (six of those for her work with Boygenius, one for a collaboration with SZA) and mixing engineer Serban Ghenea. 

	The Grammy Awards will return to Los Angeles’ Crypto.com Arena on Feb. 4 at 8:00 p.m. PT on the CBS Television Network and stream live and on-demand on Paramount+. The show will be produced by Fulwell 73 Productions for the Recording Academy for the fourth consecutive year. Ben Winston, Raj Kapoor and Jesse Collins are executive producers.
The Business of Entertainment