Sign up to our free newsletter to get the latest news delivered straight to your inbox.
AFRO American Newspapers

					The Black Media Authority				

			Your contribution is appreciated.		
By Ericka Alston Buck Special to the AFRO
The 2024 Grammy Awards unfolded in all its glamor and glory on Feb. 4 at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, marking a triumphant return to music’s biggest night after a brief hiatus. Hosted once again by Trevor Noah, the event showcased a dazzling array of talent, with nominees and performers gracing the red carpet in their finest attire.
The pre-show premiere ceremony set the stage for the day’s celebrations, where numerous awards were bestowed upon deserving artists. However, it was during the main event that the magic truly unfolded, with electrifying performances and heartfelt acceptance speeches captivating audiences worldwide.
Sign up for our Daily eBlast to get coverage on Black communities from the media company who has been doing it right for over 132 years.
African-American artists shine bright
African-American artists dazzled in the spotlight throughout the evening, with SZA delivering a stellar performance that left audiences mesmerized. Taking total command of the Grammys stage, she performed some of her biggest hits off her recent record, “SOS,” including “Snooze” and “Kill Bill.” Channeling the night’s general aesthetic of female empowerment, SZA’s performance left a lasting impression, culminating in her Grammy win for best R&B song for “Snooze.”
Recording Academy pays homage to Tracy Chapman
Legendary singer Tracy Chapman teamed up with contemporary country singer Luke Combs for a live, modern-day rendition of her 1988 hit “Fast Car.” The two traded verses and harmonized, creating an iconic moment in history. Chapman’s appearance marked her first televised performance in four years, adding to the significance of the collaboration.
Travis Scott brought his signature energy to the stage, performing three songs off his recent album, Utopia. Infused with anger and morose, Scott’s performance was intense and memorable– albeit slightly bizarre– once he started slamming chairs on the Grammys stage. With a brief cameo from Playboi Carti, Scott left a lasting impression on the evening.
Burna Boy makes history
Burna Boy took to the stage as the first Afrobeats artist to perform at the Grammys. Teaming up with Brandy and 21 Savage for a live performance of “Sittin’ on Top of the World,” the trio brought positive vibes and good energy to the stage, representing the diversity and global reach of music.
Jay-Z calls out the Recording Academy– on their own stage
A highlight of the night was undoubtedly hip-hop legend Shawn “Jay-Z” Carter accepting the Dr. Dre Global Impact Award and speaking very plainly about the lack of diversity in the Recording Academy’s top picks for each year.
“I tell the truth when I get nervous,” said the media mogul, with daughter Blue Ivy at his side. 
Carter spoke on the love Black artists have for the Recording Academy and their annual Grammy award honors, even if they are often shut out of certain categories. 
“We want ya’ll to get it right– at least get it close to right,” he said. 
Carter used his acceptance speech to highlight that while the awards are ultimately “subjective,” something has to be noticed when even a superstar like Beyonce– with decades in the entertainment business– has never won the coveted album of the year trophy. “Even by your own metrics, that doesn’t work,” said Carter, on the Grammy stage. “Think about that. The most Grammys, never won album of the year. That doesn’t work.”
132 years ago we were covering Post-Reconstruction when a former enslaved veteran started the AFRO with $200 from his land-owning wife. In 2022 we endorsed Maryland’s first Black Governor, Wes Moore. And now we celebrate the first Black Senator from Maryland, Angela Alsobrooks!

			Your contribution is appreciated.		
The AFRO knows what it’s like to endure challenging times. John H. Murphy, Sr., a former enslaved man founded the AFRO in 1892 with $200 from his wife, Martha Howard Murphy. Together they created a platform to offer images and stories of hope to advance their community. The AFRO provides readers with good news about the Black community not otherwise found.
Learn More
Baltimore, MD Office
233 E. Redwood Street Suite 600G
Baltimore, MD 21202
Washington, DC Office
Uline Arena Building
1140 3rd St., 2nd Flr, NE
Washington, DC 20002
Voice: 410-554-8200
Email: customerservice@afro.com

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

By signing up, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.