Shopping | ES Best Home | Fashion | Accessories
The Standard's journalism is supported by our readers. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Sign up for our free weekly newsletter for hot deals, best buys and expert reviews
I would like to be emailed about offers, event and updates from Evening Standard. Read our privacy notice.
Life isn’t always Gucci when you have a habit of losing your sunglasses.
For those who struggle to keep their precious shades on their person at all times, owning a pair of designer sunnies might be too much of a risk. Therefore, a sleek yet sophisticated pair of affordable shades is imperative for the blossoming summer season. 
High street sunglasses are finally coming into stores thick and fast. Sassy cat-eye lenses, gender-neutral aviators and retro rectangular cuts are beginning to pepper social media feeds, just in time for the current heatwave to take hold. 
Brands such as Mango, & Other Stories and Arket are stocking covetable designs for all to admire. Taking inspiration from leading fashion houses and their innovative designs (Loewe’s distinctive eyewear collection springs to mind), there’s something for everyone with an eye for self-styling. 
With price tags comfortably falling under £100, there’s no reason you can’t up your accessories game pronto. The past month alone has seen stars such as Sydney Sweeney, Candice Swanepoel, and Gigi Hadid sport a pair of Le Specs sunglasses, all of which fall into the category of modest double-figures. Affordable sunglasses brand Quay has partnered with superstar SZA for its latest collection, demonstrating that even the stars are onboard with pocket-friendly specs.  
There are also non-aesthetic benefits to finding your dream pair of shades. Wellness brand Mirafit notes that wraparound sunglasses can help shield your eyes from pollen for hayfever sufferers, while skincare experts from Supplement Doctor say that wearing sunglasses can help those who experience watering eyes during windy weather. Most importantly, sunglasses fitted with 100 per cent UV protection also block harmful ultraviolet rays from the sun.
Regardless, people love a bargain, especially when it comes to accessories that are prone to misplacement or loss. Price comparison site idealo.co.uk revealed that its sunglasses product page was the most visited last month, with a 53 per cent increase in consumers searching for the best eyewear deals. 
The stats have spoken and shoppers want affordable sunnies. Discover the best inexpensive shades to elevate your summer-ready accessories arsenal this season.
Shop now
Best designer sunglasses for SS24: luxury shades by Prada, Loewe and more
Best glasses for oval face shapes: How to choose the perfect frames
Best sunglasses to suit round faces
Best sunglasses brands that celebrities are wearing in 2023
A budget should never sacrifice safety. These affordable & Other Stories frames offer 100 per cent UV protection plus style galore. A rectangular silhouette is elevated by a classic tortoiseshell palette to create a forever accessory design. Wear yours all year round whether jetting off to Italy or hitting the slopes.
Add a dash of caramel-toned charm to your everyday attire. Mango’s rectangular sunglasses are a simple yet elegant choice, complete with 100 per cent UV protection and made from recycled post-industrial waste.
A stunning take on Gucci’s epic eyewear collection, Otra’s Alix Sunglasses are a must-buy for retro dressers. An oversized, Seventies-inspired design is elevated by orange-tinted lenses and smoothly curved temples. Very Daisy Jones & The Six.
The more affordable arm of Christopher Kane’s collections is hugely popular for its mood-boosting brand name: More Joy. Teaming up with Sydney-born Le Specs, these rectangular sunnies nod to the 90s but are given wider frames and colourful lenses in yellow, green and pink where the logo matches the tint. There are also frames in yellow and green available that put the Joy into More Joy.
Infuse your everyday high-octane glamour. Oliver Bonas’ butterfly cat-eye sunglasses are an avant-garde take on a classic tortoiseshell design. Scalloped edges are married with recycled materials to create the sassy accessory.
 There’s nothing a touch of print can’t solve. ASOS Design’s Mid Square Sunglasses are fitted with a polarised lens for ample protection, in addition to showcasing a fiery tiger print-esque design and a rectangular structure.
Did someone say Loewe lookalike? These funky floral shades come in several jubilant colourways from apple green to candy pink and sunflower yellow. Mirroring the iconic design of Loewe’s Flower Sunglasses, the playful shades are a must for the festival season.
Shop designer deals for affordable prices courtesy of TKMaxx. These Missoni shades feature sleek branding on the arms, in addition to a honied tortoiseshell design and a cat-eye cut.
Take any outfit to new heights this summer with Le Specs. The brand’s covetable Oh Damn Rectangle Sunglasses are an instant add-to-bag moment, thanks to a pinkish tortoiseshell design and chunky rectangular frame. Shatterproof and complete with UV protection, the sweetheart sunnies will establish cool-girl status in an instant.
Tap into the ongoing captivation with all things Y2K. These cream-coloured wrap-around sunnies by Urban Outfitters emulate high fashion design for less. Tapered arms and bug lenses draw attention to the face and provide ample protection from the sun in the utmost style.
The hottest eyewear collab on the market, the Quay x SZA collection is one to shop ASAP. Colour pops, oversized frames, and statement styles all come together in one show-stopping edit curated by the star, in this collection aptly titled ‘Sides of SZA’.
MORE ABOUT
Have your say...