By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
It’s the most engaging single of the decade. “Kill Bill” by SZA’s lyrics show how much heartache can affect a person—even to the point of murder. The first single off of her sophomore album SOS has been a hit for the majority of the time it’s been out. 
SOS was released on December 9, 2022. “It’s about heartbreak, it’s about revenge, it’s about being pissed,” she said about her album to Glamour. “I’ve never raged the way that I should have. This is my villain era, and I’m very comfortable with that.”
She continued, “It is in the way I say no, it’s in the way I’m deciding what I’m taking, what I’m not taking. It’s in the fucked up things that I don’t apologize for. I am a bitch—it’s not all the time, but when I am, that’s okay. I don’t have to spend my whole life trying to be a nice girl. It’s just not who I am. But I am a good person.”
“Kill Bill” was SZA’s first Hot 100 No. 1 and the song continues to dominate airplay and streaming today, even with a remix featuring Doja Cat. SOS also claimed ten non-consecutive weeks at #1 on the Billboard 200, the longest run for an album by a woman in seven years. 
“Kill Bill” by SZA recounts a fantasy of killing your ex-boyfriend and his girlfriend after a messy breakup and him moving on. The simple lyrics heavily relate to Bill of Quentin Tarantino’s film Kill Bill and were all written under an hour. 
SZA told Glamour about what she felt instinctually when she first wrote the lyrics. “When I first heard that my ex had a new girlfriend, I was like, ‘I can’t believe I wasted all that time with this person. I could kill him for it, and fuck her too.’ That’s just how I felt naturally. I stopped smoking weed and wanted people to know that I’m very clearheaded and not distorted by alcohol, drugs, or anything else—and yet I still feel rage.”
She described how the movie impacted the way she wrote. “In the movie Kill Bill, if you think about the relationship with Bill and how The Bride loved him,” she said. “They were getting married, and he turned on her and became a stranger and a villain. She had to do what she needed to do to free herself for her completion.”
SZA also gushed about her love for the movie and characters. “I love Vivica A. Fox’s character. I love Lucy Liu’s character. I even love Bill because he’s super complex,” she told Entertainment Weekly. “I feel like he doesn’t understand why he did what he did. He’s void of emotion, but he loved The Bride so much that he couldn’t stand her to be with anyone else. That was really complex and cool to me. It’s a love story.”
Lyrically, the song encompasses the time of thinking about killing an ex, what a therapist might suggest, and then actually seeking that revenge where it comes to fruition. The choruses revolve around “I might kill my ex” to “I just killed my ex” and “Rather be in jail, than alone” to “Rather be in hell, than alone”—which completes the cycle entirely of a murderous story arch.   
Here are the lyrics to “Kill Bill” by SZA.
I’m still a fan even though I was saltyHate to see you with some other broad, know you happyHate to see you happy if I’m not the one drivingI’m so mature, I’m so mature, I’m so matureGot me a therapist to tell me there’s other menI don’t want none, I just want youIf I can’t have you, no one should
I mightI might kill my exNot the best ideaHis new girlfriend’s nextHow’d I get here?I might kill my exI still love him thoughRather be in jail than alone
I get the sense that it’s a lost causeI get the sense that you might really love herThe text gon’ be evidence, this text is evidenceI tried to ration with you, no murders or crime of passionBut damn, you was out of reachYou was at the farmers market with your perfect peachNow I’m in amazement, planning home invasionNow you laying facedownGot me singing over a beat
I’m so mature, I’m so mature, I’m so matureGot me a therapist to tell me there’s other menI don’t want none, I just want youIf I can’t have you, no one will (I might)
I might kill my exNot the best ideaHis new girlfriend’s nextHow’d I get here?I might kill my exI still love him thoughRather be in jail than alone
I did it all for love (love)I did it all on no drugs (drugs)I did all of this soberI did it all for us, oh
I did it all for love (love)I did all of this on no drugs (drugs)I did all of this soberDon’t you know I did it all for us? (I’ll kill your ex tonight)
OhI just killed my exNot the best idea (idea)Killed his girlfriend nextHow’d I get here?I just killed my exI still love him though (I do)Rather be in hell than alone
“Kill Bill” was written by SZA, Carter Lang, and Rob Bisel—with the latter two producing the song.
In Variety’s Hitmakers series, Lang, a longtime collaborator of SZA and Bisel recounted how they made the song in a short period of time. “One day, Rob came over and played me a chord progression he recorded on his synth at home  — it was blissfully hypnotic and I was instantly inspired,” Lang told the publication. “He left me with it, and I initially went with a 16th note hi-hat feel, bouncey kicks and tight 808 snares, but it needed a fresher approach. I started importing some of my favorite sounds from vintage drum machines — the new pattern had a slightly more swing feel, and I started shifting the entire rhythm. I cued up the drum kit and put down a complimenting rhythm, then came an electric bass, then guitar tones. Then I found a section to pitch the music down an octave, and made the drums twice as slow. The original beat was comprised of those two sections and called ‘Igloo.’”
The duo presented SZA many demos to work out of, but Bisel found the one when she sang the famous chorus. “And then she sang, ‘I just killed my ex’ and the whole hook from that point on. Her lyric and melody was written from top to bottom in no more than an hour, right there on the spot. And the finished record is pretty much the vocals from the one or two takes we did that night. It just kind of fell out of the sky, and I remember driving home that night thinking, ‘Wow, this is without a doubt the best song I’ve ever been a part of,’ and I was listening to it on repeat the whole next day.”
Ironically, SZA didn’t like the verses when she first came up with them. “I hated it,” she clarified, “Well, I didn’t hate it. But I was like, ‘Can I say this? Is it silly?’ Rob was like, ‘You have to say it!’ So I sent it to my homegirl, and she was like, ‘I don’t know. I think you should maybe say something to clarify.’ I was really scared that people would harm each other, ’cause some people are fucking strange. But it was a joke.”
SZA last performed at The Grammys in 2018 where she was a best new artist nominee. She sang “Broken Clocks” from her debut album CTRL.
She declined to perform in 2021 despite being the frontrunner for categories. 
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.