While we try to guess what the Grammys will do this weekend, there’s one way to get a sneak peek: anonymous ballots. Industry professionals were gracious enough to spill some tea on their choices during the voting process. Granted, a few voters are not a representative sample of the whole 13,000+ Recording Academy membership, but it's fascinating food for thought during these last few nerve-racking days. We connected with three voters who gave us their unique insights into some of the races.
What did the voters think about this year’s nominations?
One voter was pleased with the representation: “This year’s slate of songs and albums does feel like the best balance between critically acclaimed material and big, popular records. To me that’s indicative of a good Grammy lineup.”
That said, other voters did highlight how the nominations can often be limited to very few genres: “For me, the most exciting part about voting for the Grammys are all of the niche categories that have some artists doing really incredible work. There's so much more to the music world than pop and R&B -- but those are the songs that tend to end up in the main categories.”
The Recording Academy is full of members representing genres like Latin, African, jazz, and spoken word, to name just a few so it is true that it might be disheartening that this year’s nominees are mostly R&B and pop, with a few other genres in the Best New Artist category.
Who got mentioned a lot?
There seemed to be a lot of love for Billie Eilish’s Grammy-catnip song “What Was I Made For?,” which is far from surprising. It's quintessential awards bait, a heartfelt piano ballad that truly touches people, and is popular to boot thanks to the blockbuster "Barbie."
There was also love for Victoria Monét, the songwriter turned R&B star who is up for seven Grammys including Record of the Year. Finally, another repeat mention was indie-supergroup Boygenius, up for six Grammys, who got multiple votes for Best Alternative Music Album. The group is currently leading the odds in that category.
Ballot 1
An R&B-pop-alternative musician, mostly working in songwriting and engineering
Album of the Year: SZA, "SOS"
Record of the Year: Olivia Rodrigo, “Vampire”
Song of the Year: “Kill Bill” (SZA)
Best New Artist: Victoria Monét
Best Pop Solo Performance: Miley Cyrus, “Flowers”
Best Pop Duo/Group Performance: SZA feat. Phoebe Bridgers, “Ghost in the Machine”
Best Alternative Album: Boygenius, "The Record"
Best Alternative Performance: Lana Del Rey, “A&W”
Best R&B Performance: Coco Jones, “ICU”
Best R&B Song: SZA, “Snooze”
Ballot 2
An R&B-pop songwriter and poet, with decades of experience in the industry
Album of the Year: Janelle Monáe, "The Age of Pleasure"
Record of the Year: Billie Eilish, “What Was I Made For?”
Song of the Year: “What Was I Made For?” (Billie Eilish)
Best New Artist: Victoria Monét
Best Pop Solo Performance: Doja Cat, “Paint the Town Red”
Best Pop Duo/Group Performance: Labrinth feat. Billie Eilish, “Never Felt So Alone”
Best R&B Song: “On My Mama”
Ballot 3
A rock/alternative musician and instrumentalist with experience in many global genres
Album of the Year: Jon Batiste, "World Music Radio"
Record of the Year: Boygenius, “Not Strong Enough”
Song of the Year: “What Was I Made For?” (Billie Eilish)
Best New Artist: Jelly Roll
Best Pop Solo Performance: Billie Eilish, “What Was I Made For?”
Best Pop Duo/Group Performance: Lana Del Rey feat. Jon Batiste, “Candy Necklace”
Best Alternative Album: Boygenius, "The Record"
Best Rock Album: Foo Fighters, "But Here We Are"
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media