By 

	Tomás Mier


SZA will bring a taste of Rolling Stone‘s Number One album of 2023 to the Grammys.

	On Monday, the Recording Academy announced that the singer — the most-nominated artist at this year’s awards show — will be performing live from the Los Angeles ceremony on Feb. 4.

	SZA is up for a total of nine awards, including nods in all of the major categories, including Album of the Year for SOS, and both Record and Song of the Year for “Kill Bill.” 

	The album also dominates the R&B categories: SOS is up for Best Progressive R&B Album, while “Kill Bill” is nominated for Best R&B Performance, “Love Language” is nominated for Best Traditional R&B Performance, and “Snooze” is up for Best R&B Song.

	 “Low” will compete for Best Melodic Rap Performance, while her collaboration with Phoebe Bridgers, “Ghost in the Machine,” is up for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance.

	Last year, SZA presented the award for Best Musica Urbana Album to Bad Bunny for Un Verano Sin Ti. She won her first Grammy from 15 nominations, thanks to “Kiss Me More” with Doja Cat, in 2022.

	










	The announcement of SZA’s performance at the Grammys comes a day after the Recording Academy revealed that Joni Mitchell will perform at the awards show for the first time. Mitchell returned to playing live in 2022 following a two-decade-long absence from the stage, first making a surprise appearance at the Newport Folk Festival that year before making her official comeback at the Echoes Through the Canyon festival in June 2023.

	SZA joins a packed Grammy performers lineup that includes Travis Scott, Dua Lipa, Burna Boy, Billie Eilish, Luke Combs, Olivia Rodrigo, and Billy Joel, who is returning to the award show for the first time in more than 20 years.  U2 will also stage a performance live from their Sphere residency in Las Vegas.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	The show also revealed that Justin Tranter will host the Premiere Ceremony, which happens hours before the main Grammys ceremony. Gaby Moreno, Kirk Franklin, Pentatonix, and Laufey are among the performers scheduled for the premiere ceremony.

	The main Grammy Awards show will air on Sunday, Feb. 4 on CBS and Paramount Plus at 8 p.m. ET. Trevor Noah will once again serve as the Grammys’ host, his fourth year in a row taking on hosting duties. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.