Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Glastonbury Festival 2025's first batch of tickets were snapped up in just half an hour, according to the event organisers. This year saw a new booking process introduced, with fans being "randomly assigned a place in a queue" when coach travel tickets went on sale at 6pm on Thursday. The official festival account confirmed the sell-out at 6.32pm, stating: "The Glastonbury 2025 tickets + coach travel which were on sale this evening have now all been sold," and thanking those who managed to secure one.
Standard tickets will be available from 9am GMT on Sunday, with @nationalexpress offering coach travel for these ticket holders. See Tickets later confirmed that confirmation emails were being sent out to successful purchasers. This comes after the globally renowned festival announced changes to its booking process following concerns over online ticket selling practices, including dynamic pricing and resale by touts.
If you're planning to attend Glastonbury next year, remember that you'll need to register in advance to buy tickets. The iconic festival will be held at Worthy Farm in Somerset from June 25 to 29.
Tickets for Glastonbury 2025 are priced at £373.50 plus a £5 booking fee, marking an increase of £18.50 from the 2024 price. Last year, coach tickets were snapped up within 25 minutes and standard tickets sold out within an hour.
Festival organiser Emily Eavis has revealed that 2026 will be a fallow year for Glastonbury, giving the land a chance to rest and recover. However, she's already discussing potential headliners for 2025.
The 2024 festival made history with two female headliners on the Pyramid Stage - Dua Lipa on Friday and SZA on Sunday. Coldplay also made history by becoming the first act to headline the festival five times, performing on the Saturday.
American singer-songwriter SZA didn't receive glowing reviews, and has now hit back, saying “no matter” what she did it would not have been enough.
The star, whose real name is Solana Rowe, experienced some sound issues during her headlining of the festival at Worthy Farm, Somerset, with fans at home complaining that her vocals appeared distorted and muffled.
As she made the cover of British Vogue, SZA told the publication: “I just felt like nothing I could do would be enough for Glastonbury, no matter what I did. It scared me. I was like, well, I wish I wasn’t doing it, but I couldn’t walk away from it…”
She added that she wanted to “be the second black woman in history, but then it’s such a f****** tall order”. “It’s like, no matter what you do here, you will be subject to criticism,” SZA said. “Because of who you are. But that’s life. That’s life, you know?”