Glastonbury is famous for signing up huge stars to appear at the Somerset music festival each year.
Some of the biggest names in the music business have headlined the Pyramid Stage in recent years including Paul McCartney, Arctic Monkeys, Foo Fighters, Adele, Ed Sheeran and Beyonce. This year, it's the turn of Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA.
But the festival is not just about those topping the main stage line up and there is one slot that is often seen as a fourth headliner.
READ MORE: Who is headlining Glastonbury in 2024?
Each year, Glastonbury books another big name act for the Sunday afternoon 'Legend' set. In previous years, the likes of Diana Ross, Kylie Minogue, Lionel Richie and Dolly Parton have taken the slot, performing to packed out crowds at the Pyramid Stage field.
This year, country legend Shania Twain will take to the stage on Sunday afternoon, performing for over an hour from 3.45pm. Later on Sunday, SZA will close the Pyramid Stage and the festival with her debut headline set.
Speaking ahead of the festival, Shania, 58, teased that her performance will be "all about hit songs". The Canadian singer, known for hits including Man! I Feel Like A Woman! and That Don’t Impress Me Much, told Vernon Kay’s Tracks Of My Years on BBC Radio 2: “It’s a wow moment, it’s the big topic of conversation and has been now for all this whole lead time up to this moment with all of us.
“I’ve come to realise that it’s more than a concert, it’s more than the Pyramid Stage, it’s more than the slot, it’s an event, it’s a cultural event, it’s an annual stamp (and is a place that) hugely committed fans go to every year regardless of who the talent is.”
When asked about costume changes, she said there wouldn't be any. Asked why, she told Kay that it is “not Vegas”, a nod to her previous residencies in Las Vegas, which featured horses on stage. She said Glastonbury is “very, very different” and said “it’s all about hit songs”.
The singer has struggled with her voice in recent years following a bout of Lyme disease and did not release an album for 15 years until the record Now. In 2018, she underwent open-throat surgery to repair damage done by the debilitating illness, and last year put out the record Queen Of Me.
Shania said: “After my recovery with my voice… something really, really changed and I thought, people, they’re the only reason I’m actually still doing this (music) live. Yeah, so, you know, there’s a definite appreciation that I have that is new and refreshed and, the audience is new and refreshed."
She added: “A lot of these kids… they used to come when they were three, four or five with their parents, now they’re 23, 24, 25. (You are) watching the generations reconnect.”
Twain’s third Las Vegas residency began in May at the Bakkt Theatre at Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino and she will return to that stage following shows in the UK including at BST Hyde Park in London.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.