He talks to SZA about his record-breaking diss track for Harper’s Bazaar’s November 2024 cover story
Kendrick Lamar changed the game when he dropped “Not Like Us,” a diss track released this past May amid his ongoing feud with Drake. The song debuted at number one on the Billboard Hot 100, broke streaming records on Spotify, and went on to earn recognition at the MTV Video Music Awards and the BET Hip Hop Awards.
Now, in a new interview with SZA for Harper’s Bazaar’s 2024 November cover story, the rapper opens up about what the track truly means to him.
“Can I ask you a hypermasculine question?” SZA asks Lamar. “You can also tell me to shut the fuck up. What does ‘Not Like Us’ mean to you?” 
Lamar answers, “Not like us? Not like us is the energy of who I am, the type of man I represent. Now, if you identify with the man that I represent …”
He continues, “This man has morals, he has values, he believes in something, he stands on something. He’s not pandering. He’s a man who can recognize his mistakes and not be afraid to share the mistakes and can dig deep down into fear-based ideologies or experiences to be able to express them without feeling like he’s less of a man. If I’m thinking of ‘Not Like Us,’ I’m thinking of me and whoever identifies with that.”
“Not Like Us” is one of several diss tracks aimed at Drake that were released this past year, including “Euphoria” and “Meet the Grahams.” In particular, “Not Like Us” ended up breaking the record for the song that has spent the most weeks at the number one spot on Billboard's Hot Rap Songs chart, a title that was previously held by Lil Nas X and Billy Ray Cyrus's “Old Town Road.”
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.