Glastonbury regulars are well aware that nearly every year, a surprise set is announced at the last minute, delighting festival-goers.
Once the full line-up and set times have been disclosed, there are always a few slots labelled TBA, which stands for 'to be announced. ' These slots are affectionately referred to as secret sets by fans, as in past years, big-name artists have unexpectedly performed in them.
This year, fans are speculating that the nineties band Kasabian will be the surprise act at Glastonbury. The rumour mill started churning when William Hill stopped taking bets on the band's appearance at the festival next week. Other potential secret set performers rumoured include Pulp, Kings of Leon, The Killers and Harry Styles.
However, Kasabian has announced they'll be embarking on a tour in July this year. Many believe that they could use Glastonbury as a warm-up before heading to Edinburgh on 3rd July this year. The band, established in 1997, comprises singer and guitarist Sergio Pizzorno, bassist Chris Edwards, drummer Ian Matthews and guitarist Tim Carter, reports OK!.
Their hit songs include Fire, Underdog, Shoot The Runner and Where Did All The Love Go? In 2023, the Foo Fighters made a surprise appearance in a secret set slot. They were listed on the lineup as The Churnups, but many fans noticed that no such band existed. Some then predicted the rock band's appearance after Dave Grohl posted a message on Instagram thanking fans for their support and for 'churning up these emotions together'.
In the past, we've seen surprise performances from big names like Lady Gaga, The Killers and Franz Ferdinand at Glastonbury. So, it's no shocker that fans are anticipating a major band to fill one of the TBA slots this year. The Pyramid stage will be graced by Coldplay, Dua Lipa and SZA as headliners this year. It's a first for both Dua Lipa and SZA to headline the Somerset festival, but not for the legendary Coldplay who have performed there four times before.
This year marks their first time headlining since 2016, making them the first act to headline the festival five times. They also took the top spot in 2002 (apparently replacing The Strokes), 2005, 2011 and 2016. Coldplay has also played the New Tent in 1999 and The Other Stage in 2000. The gates to Glastonbury Festival 2024 will swing open around 8am on Wednesday 26 June, with the event running until Sunday 30 June.
Most of the live music performances are scheduled between 29 to 30 June, and many will also be broadcast on TV on BBC and the BBC iPlayer.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.