Current Issue Details
Published: 2024/06/14

Image via YouTube.
Last night, June 13, the Songwriters Hall of Fame held its 53rd annual induction ceremony in New York, honoring the indelible impact made by some of the most iconic musicians of all time. Celebrating a class of 10 legendary artists, including Timbaland, SZA and the members of R.E.M. and Steely Dan, the program featured 13 memorable performances from the honorees and renowned devotees alike, collectively demonstrating the overwhelming community inspired by popular song. Two standout performances from the evening arrived courtesy of Phish frontman Trey Anastasio and the full quartet of R.E.M., who reunited onstage for their first public performance together since 2007.
Around the midpoint in the evening’s proceedings, titanic recording industry executive Irving Azoff took the stage to introduce Walter Becker and Donald Fagen, the tireless innovators behind pioneering pop and prog-rock fusion outfit Steely Dan. Azoff heaped praise on the duo, rightly ordering them “among the best bands ever” and asserting “their records will be recognized as iconic for the rest of time.” This grand introduction set the stage for Anastasio, who stepped up for an entrancing medley of two of the band’s greatest hits: “Kid Charlemagne,” from 1976’s The Royal Scam and the beloved “Reelin’ In the Years” from the band’s chart-topping 1972 debut Can’t Buy a Thrill. Beyond his moving musical tribute to the group, Anastasio followed by introducing Becker and Fagen by beautifully summarizing what makes the duo so special: “they created a body of work that defied categorization – masterful, thought-provoking, elegantly melodic songs filled with beautifully flawed, deeply human and believable characters.”
Following tributes to SZA, Hillary Lindsey and Timbaland–who proved his honored position by rehearsing a parade of revolutionary hits like “Big Pimpin’,” “Pony,” “Get Your Freak On” and “Drunk in Love”–R.E.M. assumed the spotlight for the final introduction of the evening. Before taking the stage, the band’s legacy was illuminated by a lightning-fast folky and hard-rocking treatment of “It’s the End of the World as We Know It (And I Feel Fine)” from Jason Isbell. After this memorable tribute, the impossibly influential Athens, Ga. alt-rock combo made history with a long-awaited reunion. Delivering a deeply moving “Losing My Religion,” the band’s set was its first performance since 2016, its first public performance since a single song in 2009 at Carnegie Hall and its first performance with original drummer Bill Berry–who officially parted ways with the band in 1997–since 2007.
Watch these stunning and historic highlights from the 2024 SHOF induction ceremony in the fan-recorded videos below. For more information on the awards, its mission and members, visit songhall.org.
A post shared by CBS Mornings (@cbsmornings)
2 Comments comments associated with this post
[…] Story continues […]
[…] Story continues […]