ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MAY 15: Miley Cyrus is seen at the NBC Upfronts dinner at Marea on May 15, 2022 ... More in New York City. (Photo by Gotham/GC Images)
Some consider Album of the Year the top honor at the Grammys, while others would say it’s actually Record of the Year. Both are prestigious, and the competition to claim them is incredibly fierce every year.
This time around, seven of the eight nominees in the Record of the Year vertical are women, and it’s all but certain that a female star will win the honor–and probably one who has never claimed it before–but who will it be?
How one determines what makes a single the Record of the Year is up to interpretation, which sometimes makes picking a winner difficult. The easiest way for some voters to choose is to focus strictly on commercial success. If that’s the metric that many will utilize, Cyrus is an easy title to pick.
“Flowers” was the second-biggest single of 2023 in America (the No. 1 title, Morgan Wallen’s “Last Night,” was not nominated), and it’s still charting more than a year after its release.
But “Flowers” has more going for it than the millions of units it shifted. The song all but saved Cyrus’ career, which was on the downswing after several albums and singles underperformed. It stands out as her biggest success, and it demonstrates that another pop star made in the industry’s machine has become a great artist. The Grammys love that story–just look at former One Direction member Harry Styles walking away with Album of the Year last time around.
Cyrus has never won a Grammy, so scoring Record of the Year would be a real coup–but “Flowers” is deserving of the win. It’s not the only track that could wind up the champion, though.
Taylor Swift has also, somehow, never claimed Record of the Year. She’s been nominated with five of her biggest smashes, and there’s a growing consensus that she deserves one of these–though she’s not exactly under-recognized. She could be overdue, but is “Anti-Hero” the best of the bunch?
SZA’s “Kill Bill” and Billie Eilish’s "What Was I Made For?" are also real contenders here. Hip-hop, R&B and rap are seriously underrepresented in the top fields at the Grammys, which both helps and hurts SZA. That fact means some voters may pick her out of a need to honor the great work artists in those genres have been creating for years–but it also means many older members of the Recording Academy might not recognize the tune’s brilliance.
Eilish is nominated for her second Academy Award for "What Was I Made For?" and the single is picking up steam. While that’s an entirely different award show, voters won’t forget its beauty and how it was used in Barbie, the biggest movie of last year. Eilish has already won Record of the Year twice, though, and many may be hesitant to give the 22-year-old a third honor so soon.