While SZA undeniably has a way with words, the songstress isn't as confident in her math skills.

							By 

	Jessica Bennett

News Editor

	While SZA undeniably has a way with words, the songstress isn’t as confident in her math skills, recently sharing a DM from a fan looking for homework help only to politely — and hilariously — deny the request. 

	Shared via her Instagram Stories Wednesday night, the direct message finds a fan asking the “Saturn” singer for help with Geometry, with the star replying that she may not make for the best tutor on the subject. 

	“Sza I’m failing Geometry can you give me math tips?” they asked, with SZA offering a “Lmaooo” before admitting she’s a “math dummy.” 

	










	“I’m not sure what you expected,” she went on, “Tell me bout the shapes chile.”

The student then sends a screen shot of their homework, resulting in the Grammy winner responding, “Oh bi**h you’re cooked,” concisely doubling-down on not being able to help. Check out the fan exchange below. 

	While math may not be her strong suit, the singer’s grasp of language has largely contributed to her success, with Elle deeming her “one of this generation’s best songwriters.”

	“SOS, the singer’s latest offering, is teeming with a dazzling array of lyrics that expose the depths of the singer’s angst and anxieties—positioning herself as a skilled musician who can translate the nuances of her insecurities into electrifying balladry,” penned music writer DeAsia Paige for the pub. “In turn, her music captures the most granular details of a young woman’s emotional turmoil that feel as real and tangible as looking at a reflection in the mirror.” 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.