Dua Lipa has opened up about the moment she was asked to be a headliner for this year's Glastonbury Festival.
The singer and songwriter explained she was presented with the opportunity many months ago. The 'Houdini' singer explained she found out back in 2022.
Appearing on popular podcast show Dish, hosted by presenter Nick Grimshaw and chef Angela Harnett, the singer recalled the moment she was asked. Nick shared the clip to his Instagram page, where he asked Dua: “Tell me about the call. When does that happen? When someone’s, like, ‘Ok, it’s happening. You’re headlining Glastonbury.’”
READ MORE: Miniature railway returns to Croxteth Park after 15 years
READ MORE: Family of 'Pete the Busker' speak out on permanent tribute
Dua revealed: "I got the call November 2022." Nick replied; "Oh, wow. Ok!"
The singer continued: “At the end of my Future Nostalgia tour. I was coming back from Australia and I remember checking my email and it just said ‘Glastonbury’ and I was, like, ‘Oh, this is interesting.’
“I opened the email, and I just go, ‘Oh my god! I can’t believe what I’m reading!’ I just had to, like, refresh it a couple of times to see that I wasn’t, like, tripping and I wasn’t, like jet lag delusion in the moment.
“It was just the best email of all time. I don’t think I’ve ever, I never check my email. After that, never looked at my emails ever again, because it was downhill from there.”
The presenter captioned the post: “November 2022???" Many people took to the comment section to share their shock. Vonormrod commented: “Wow … the planning!!!”
Dua was announced as one of Glastonbury Festival’s three headliners earlier this year in March. The festival is set to take place between Wednesday, June 26 and Sunday, June 30, 2024.
The ‘Training Season’ singer joins returning headliner Coldplay and newbie SZA as this year’s headliners. Dua is set to appear on the Pyramid Stage on Friday, June 28.
This year's festival will mark Coldplay’s fifth time headlining. R&B star SZA will close the Pyramid Stage on Sunday, June 30.
Other artists appearing at this year’s Glastonbury Festival include Shania Twain for the ‘Legends’ tea time slot. Fans can also expect LCD Soundsystem, Burna Boy, Cyndi Lauper, Idles, Disclosure, Avril Lavigne, Jungle, Jamie XX and Two Door Cinema Club.
Organiser Emily Eavis revealed the festival had its higher percentage of ticket balances paid at the beginning of April. She wrote on Instagram: “Just heard that we had our highest percentage of ticket balances paid ever! Incredible.
"Thanks so much everyone. There will be a resale of the (very limited) returned tickets later this month. Info to follow on that.”
The ticket resales took place on Thursday, April 18 and Sunday, April 21. Both resales sold out within twenty minutes.
Receive newsletters with the biggest and breaking TV and showbiz news by signing up here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.