There will be many great musical acts at Sunday’s 2024 Grammy Awards, but Beyoncé will not be one of them. The Renaissance star's representative confirmed with The Hollywood Reporter on the morning of February 4 that she is not planning to be on stage. Social media rumors boosted the idea she might perform to honor the late Tina Turner.
Turner passed away last May, and in January of this year, the Australian Today show tweeted that Beyoncé planned to pay tribute to Turner at the next Grammy Awards. Beyoncé did have a history with Turner, performing in 2008 at the Grammys alongside her. The pair did a duet of Turner's iconic hit “Proud Mary.” 
And Beyoncé did share a tribute to Turner on her website at the time of her death, sharing a photo and writing, “My beloved queen. I love you endlessly. I’m so grateful for your inspiration, and all the ways you have paved the way. You are strength and resilience. You are the epitome of power and passion. We are all so fortunate to have witnessed your kindness and beautiful spirit that will forever remain. Thank you for all you have done.” 
This year's Grammys are hosted by Trevor Noah and acts that have been announced for the night include SZA, Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, Olivia Rodrigo, Joni Mitchell, U2, Billy Joel, Luke Combs, Burna Boy, and Travis Scott. 
SZA is nominated nine times at the awards, but not every nominee is performing. For example, Taylor Swift garnered six nominations, but is not scheduled to perform as she has other obligations. The Eras Tour musician will be flying to Japan this week for four back-to-back shows, beginning in Tokyo. 
Beyoncé concluded her Renaissance Tour last year, both internationally and domestically, after kicking it off in Stockholm, Sweden in May. She ended the wildly popular show on October 1 in Kansas City, Missouri.
Meet Swizz Beatz, Alicia Keys' Producer Husband
Taylor Swift Wore a Gucci Minidress After Grammys
Miley Cyrus Shares Message to Beyoncé Post-Grammys
Travis’s Grammys Night Look Had Taylor Easter Eggs
Beyoncé Made Rare Comments About Blue and Rumi
Blue Ivy Carter Looks Incredible at 2025 Grammys
Taylor Swift Avoids Run-in With Kanye West 
Finneas Responds to Billie Eilish’s Grammys Snub
Why Taylor, SZA, and More Had No Grammy Parties
Why Sabrina’s Grammys Speech Got Censored
Beyoncé Shared Her AOTY Win With Blue Ivy Carter
Watch Charli XCX’s 2025 Grammys Performance
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.