SZA and Simone Biles in an Olympic promo for NBC.NBC via YouTube
SZA meets Simone Biles in a new NBC promo for the upcoming Summer Olympics in Paris. 
The Grammy-winning New Jersey singer got to show off some of her skills on the mat with the Olympic gymnastics champion.
SZA, 34, born Solána Rowe, grew up in Maplewood and was a gymnast at Columbia High School before turning to music. 
In the promotional video for the Olympics, she meets Biles and manages to outlast the gold medal winner in a casual handstand contest.
“That was so good!” Biles tells the Grammy-winning Jersey talent after her impressive display of balance and stamina. 
The two stars chat about dreams and gymnastics in the clip.
“This is my dream, to talk to you,” SZA tells Biles, 27. “I’m not even kidding. I was so hype ... you’re like my wildest dream.”
Biles asks the singer about her background in gymnastics. SZA says she put her energy into music after she realized she wasn’t going to go national as a gymnast.
“I was nowhere near as cool as you,” she tells Biles. “I just have never seen anything like you ... no one has.”
SZA released her debut album, “CTRL,” in 2017. She won her first Grammy in 2022 with Doja Cat for their song “Kiss Me More” (best pop duo). 
This year, the Jersey talent won three more Grammys — best progressive R&B album for “SOS,” best pop duo for “Ghost in the Machine” with Phoebe Bridgers and best R&B song for “Snooze.”
The 2024 Summer Olympics run from July 26 to August 11 in Paris. 
Biles, who is headed to the games to compete as part of Team USA, has won a total of seven Olympic medals in gymnastics, including five at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, two of which were individual gold medals for the all-around, floor and vault, in addition to the gold shared by the team. 
At the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo, Biles won a bronze medal in balance beam and silver with the team.
Jersey gymnast Hezly Rivera, 16, who hails from Oradell, joins Biles on Team USA at the 2024 summer games later this month in Paris. 
Thank you for reading. Please consider supporting NJ.com with a subscription.
Amy Kuperinsky may be reached at akuperinsky@njadvancemedia.com and followed at @AmyKup.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices