In the R&B performance categories, Grammy voters can sometimes surprise us with dark horse winners, although they don't shy away from sweeps either. This year the big question looming is just how many awards SZA will take home. Will voters give her a clean sweep in her field?
Best R&B Performance
The obvious frontrunner here is SZA. The singer has had a massive year, I’d dare say one of the biggest years any female star has had this century. As a result, she racked up nine nominations, including in all four R&B categories she was eligible for. Her nominated hit here, “Kill Bill,” topped the Billboard Hot 100 and ended up as the third biggest hit of 2023, not to mention its acclaim alongside parent album "SOS." As such, it’s hard to see how exactly SZA loses this, but R&B voters are known to deliver surprises.
If there is an upset winner, it might be Coco Jones, whose “ICU” was one of 2023’s most remarkable R&B songs. It was a big hit for Jones and was nominated across the board at the Soul Train Awards, just like “Kill Bill.” “ICU” is also a very Grammy-friendly song, being a more traditional R&B ballad, which could lure some voters in. One could point to Victoria Monét’s “How Does It Make You Feel” as a contender here too, but that's a lower-profile track and not a single, and Monét will surely get her flowers in other categories before this.
Finally, whenever you’re anticipating R&B upsets, you should always take into consideration Robert Glasper, who made news last year for beating Mary J. Blige and Chris Brown for Best R&B Album on his only nomination. Glasper is known for such unexpected wins, and his nominated track “Back to Love,” which is also up for Best R&B Song, might be his next surprise. Then again, maybe I'm overthinking it and it just ends up being an obvious SZA win.
Will win: SZA, “Kill Bill”
Could win: Coco Jones, “ICU”
Dark horse: Robert Glasper feat. SiR and Alex Isley, “Back To Love”
Best Traditional R&B Performance
Yet again, the SZA machine might kick in here. However, this is a less assured category for SZA in the R&B field, mainly because her nominated song, “Love Language,” wasn't a single and might, therefore, not have as much passion as other nominees. Still, it’s the most popular song out of the pack here, with over 147 million streams, which is roughly 37 times bigger than the next most streamed contender (PJ Morton and Susan Carol’s “Good Morning”). Plus, album tracks have won this category before as part of big hauls for artists like Lizzo (“Jerome”) and Beyoncé (“Plastic Off the Sofa”), so there’s clear precedent for SZA here.
Still, there are alternatives here. Victoria Monét’s “Hollywood,” featuring Earth Wind and Fire and Hazel Monét, made history with Hazel becoming the youngest Grammy nominee ever at two-years-old. Surprisingly, the nomination wasn’t revoked, despite Hazel’s contribution to the song seeming to only be an audio recording of her laughing at the end. Regardless, with the love Monét has received this year from the recording academy, the narrative of a record-breaking mother-daughter win might be too tempting for some voters to pass up. Plus, having a legendary group featured on the track doesn’t hurt either. However, the track is a deep cut from the album, not one of the more popular from her album "Jaguar II" -- in fact, it’s the least streamed song from the album. Indeed, the decision to submit “Hollywood” over better-known songs like the Lucky Daye-assisted “Smoke,” might backfire.
There’s also Babyface and Coco Jones’s single “Simple,” which is a great cut featured on both their albums. It looks good on paper; both artists are nominated in at least three categories in this field -- Jones is actually nominated in all her eligible categories in the field. As such, a win here would be a good way to reward both artists, and an especially good way of not letting Jones leave empty-handed. Still, “Simple” has disadvantages, mainly its limited popularity (it’s the second least streamed song here) and the fact that Grammy voters rarely care about whether an artist goes home empty-handed. Still, considering the song is featured on two Grammy-nominated records, I imagine most if not all voters have heard it, so maybe its weak commercial performance won’t be that much of a factor.
Will win: SZA, “Love Language”
Could win: Babyface and Coco Jones, “Simple”
Dark horse: Victoria Monét feat. Earth, Wind & Fire and Hazel Monét, “Hollywood”
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Such a pleasure to be able to see an award show and no Carter’s.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media