Noah Kahan, SZA, Chappell RoanJoel C Ryan/Rob Grabowski/Amy Harris/Invision/AP
The 17th annual Osheaga Music and Arts Festival is back in Montreal for another iconic year of celebrating music, art and community with a diverse, multi-genre lineup of beloved headliners and up-and-comers.
The three-day festival will take place from Friday, August 2 through Sunday, August 4, 1-11 p.m. daily, at Parc-Jean-Drapeau, located on Saint Helen’s Island, near downtown Montreal.
Headliners include Noah Kahan, Green Day and SZA, with other notable performances from Chappell Roan, Hozier, The Smashing Pumpkins, Lil Tjay, Melanie Martinez, Labrinth, Renee Rapp, Tyla and many more.
See the full lineup and how to get tickets below.
General admission, Gold and Platinum tickets are available in single-day and weekend passes through Ticketmaster.
Select single-day general admission passes start at CA$165 and go up to CA$399, while weekend general admission passes start at CA$399 (all including fees).
Tickets are also available below face value on secondary market platforms like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
Here’s a look at the best USD prices available (including fees):
Weekend passes
Friday, August 2
Saturday, August 3
Sunday, August 4
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
Related: Top 20 best summer music festivals of 2024 you don’t want to miss 
Osheaga lineupCourtesy of Osheaga
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices