Lizzo congratulated the SOS singer with a touching tribute after serving as a presenter for one of SZA's victories.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	It’s been less than 48 hours since SZA took home three Grammy Awards, and she’s had some time to reflect on the “fever dream” of a spectacular night at the 66th annual ceremony.

	The SOS star took to Instagram on Monday night following the whirlwind of the Grammy Awards over the weekend, where she thanked those who played an integral role in her success and accolades. 

	“Thank you to every single person that forged this album out of thin air with me. Thank you to every person playing my sh– zooming me up the charts over and over and over again. Thank you for Putting me in rooms, conversations and stages I never dreamed of. Only way from up is higher.”

	










	She had a leading nine nominations heading into the show, and SZA claimed victory in three different categories: best R&B song (“Snooze”), best progressive R&B album (SOS), and best pop duo/group performance (“Ghost in the Machine” with Phoebe Bridgers). 

	“It doesn’t feel like anything yet because I’m still in last night. I’m not really in today yet. But I’m just so grateful and relieved that it’s [Feb.] 5. I survived [Feb.] 4,’ she told The Hollywood Reporter. “I didn’t crash and burn on national television, and I’m so grateful.

	“Had I not won a lick, won a single thing, I would’ve been so grateful to just have survived the night. So to have one of my closest friends [Lizzo] present me an award and then also get to take home a couple more is wild. It’s like a fever dream, basically.”

Billboard named SZA’s SOS loss to Taylor Swift’s Midnights in the album of the year category as one of the biggest Grammy snubs of the night.

	“I don’t actually. I’m grateful I won three,” SZA said when asked if she had any thoughts on her loss to Swift. “I could have left with nothing and I didn’t, and I’m grateful. My parents got to see it and I didn’t bomb on live television, and that was so scary. And I faced some really big fears and I’m just happy that it all went well, genuinely. And I’m happy for everybody.”

Lizzo made a rare public appearance as a presenter for SZA’s best R&B song victory — in the midst of a harassment lawsuit filed against Lizzo by her dancers — and the pair shared a warm embrace. In her acceptance speech, SZA recalled when the duo was on a small tour together about a decade ago and to see how far they’ve come in the time since as superstars in the industry.

	










	The “Truth Hurts” singer returned the favor and congratulated SZA with a heartfelt post to Instagram on Monday.

	“I want to congratulate my beautiful friend SoLana. She made an album that touched millions of people and created a voice for so many women who aren’t afraid to feel deeply. S.O.S is a triumphant soliloquy of songs that effortlessly shows growth, grief, admissions of guilt and even Good days,” she wrote.

	“I said it last night and I’ll say it again— WE NEED YOU SZA, you are the artist of a generation, a one of a kind voice and a timeless poet. I’m so glad you got your flowers on that Grammy stage, but the real trophy is your gift. And for that, WE Thank you. I’m so proud of you and LOVE YOU DEEP!!!! SIZZO SUPREMACY @sza.”

	Find both SZA and Lizzo’s posts below.
A post shared by SZA (@sza)
A post shared by Lizzo (@lizzobeeating)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.