As well as a 'Drive' music video starring Ben Stiller
SZA has finally announced the release date for her long-awaited ‘SOS’ deluxe album, dubbed ‘Lana’ – find out more below.
SZA has long teased a new album, ‘Lana’, dating back to 2023. Then, she began teasing a deluxe version of her seminal 2022 album ‘SOS’. Earlier this month, she confirmed that the two records and one and the same: the deluxe version of ‘SOS’ is being named ‘Lana’.
Today (December 17), SZA has finally confirmed that the album is due to arrive this Friday (December 20). She has yet to share a tracklist for the deluxe, but has confirmed that the long-teased ‘Drive’ will feature on the upcoming record.
In fact, ‘Drive’ will receive its own music video on Friday, starring Ben Stiller. Watch a snippet of the ‘Drive’ music video below.
A post shared by SZA (@sza)
Ben Stiller’s involvement in SZA’s ‘Drive’ video comes after the two shared their adoration for each other. SZA earlier this year begged Stiller for more Severance episodes, with the actor-director shortly after assuring her that her wish will come true.
Most recently SZA appeared on Kendrick Lamar’s surprise album ‘GNX’ – she had hinted at the record more than a month ago. She will also tour with Lamar on a joint 2025 ‘Grand National’ North American stadium trek.
SZA’s ‘SOS’ scored a glowing five-star review from Rhian Daly, who wrote for NME in 2022: ““I’m making the best album of my life for this next album,” SZA told Flaunt in 2020 and ‘SOS’ is just that – a phenomenal record that barely puts a foot wrong and raises the bar even higher than she set it before. That quote, though, came with a caveat: “Because it’s going to be my last album.” Here’s hoping SZA reneges on that declaration but, if this is the last we hear from here, at least she’s going out on the highest of highs.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.