The star also revealed she falls in love easily but has trouble staying in relationships. 

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


SZA is a great example of why not all song lyrics should be taken literally.

	While appearing on Amelia Dimoldenberg’s Chicken Shop Date, the R&B-pop superstar confessed that her smash hit “Kill Bill” — which became her first-ever solo No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 last year — was a little bit over the top, especially that part about murdering her ex-boyfriend.

	“Oh my God, after I said that, I was like, ‘That was so crazy and harsh,'” SZA admitted on the Friday (July 5) episode, laughing. “I was just randomly slightly enraged.”

	The Grammy winner also walked back on the lyric “rather be in jail than alone.” “‘Cause I sung that, it has to be true?” she quipped sarcastically, clarifying that she definitely wouldn’t prefer prison time over solitude. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The standout track on SZA’s Billboard 200-topping SOS was just one of many topics she broached with Dimoldenberg. The pair also opened up about falling in love, something the “Snooze” artist revealed comes easily to her.

	“It’s tragic,” she said. “I don’t even know if I’m meant to fall in love. ‘Cause who’s actually doing it and sustaining it? I think we’re just supposed to be in fleeting states of loving.”

	“I can catch ’em, but I can not keep them,” she added of her dating life — but that’s where things started to take a slightly bizarre turn. “They get in there and then realize I’m f—in’ weird. [My] butt makes it seem like [I’m] normal. On the outside I wanna shake a– and do all the normal things, but I also wanna just swim in the swamp, and I wanna, like, collect methane gas with my man. That’s my type of sh–.”

	As for whether she’d ever run for president, SZA declared “absolutely not.” “I want nothing to do with politics and I just want to be left alone,” she said. 

	Watch SZA’s full Chicken Shop Date above.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.