By BETHAN EDWARDS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  13:32, 3 March 2024   |  Updated:  16:50, 2 April 2024   
 270
View  comments
Ashley Roberts made sure the 2024 BRIT Awards was a night to remember as she stepped out for the first time with her new boyfriend George Rollinson.
The radio DJ, 42, has reportedly been dating the artist, 25, since last November, MailOnline revealed.
The couple seemed to be going from strength to strength as Ashley debuted her new partner at Raye's after party at Decimo at The Standard on Saturday.
Ashley looked more loved-up than ever as George wrapped his arm around her shoulder and carried her £2k Bottega Veneta red handbag. 
The former Pussycat Doll singer commanded attention in a red strappy minidress which boasted a daring ruffled split up the side. 
Ashley Roberts made sure the 2024 BRIT Awards was a night to remember as she stepped out for the first time with her new boyfriend George Rollinson
The radio DJ, 42, has reportedly been dating the artist, 25, since last November, MailOnline revealed
She put on a leggy display in a pair of towering silver heels and styled her long blonde tresses in an updo. 
Meanwhile George cut a cool figure in a pair of blue oversized patterned trousers which he teamed with a white T-shirt. 
The artist rocked a navy and green checked jacket and wore a backwards baseball cap. 
George, who is 17 years Ashley's junior, is Ashley's first serious partner since her split from Strictly Come Dancing professional Giovanni Pernice in 2020.
A source told MailOnline in November: 'Ashley and George are smitten with each other.
'They have chosen to keep their relationship private for now but gradually have started sharing snippets from their life together on social media.
'George is extremely successful in his own right, creating artwork for massive names and establishing himself in his craft from a young age.
'Ashley isn't at all bothered about their age difference... they have similar interests, and he has inspired her creatively, she hasn't felt this way in a long time.'
The couple seemed to be going from strength to strength as Ashley debuted her new partner at Raye's after party at Decimo at The Standard on Saturday
Ashley looked more loved-up than ever as George wrapped his arm around her shoulder and carried her £2k Bottega Veneta red handbag
The former Pussycat Doll singer commanded attention in a red strappy minidress which boasted a daring ruffled split up the side
She put on a leggy display in a pair of towering silver heels and styled her long blonde tresses in an updo
Meanwhile George cut a cool figure in a pair of blue oversized patterned trousers which he teamed with a white T-shirt, a navy and green checked jacket and a backwards baseball cap
Artist George has previously collaborated with boxer Francis Ngannou for his fight against Tyson Fury, decorating the Cameroonian's boots with his own designs and has created elaborate pieces for the likes of celebrity clients Drake and Anthony Joshua.
Earlier in the night, Ashley laughed off a wardrobe malfunction with her barely there white dress at the 2024 BRIT Awards.
The presenter struggled to pull down her white cut-out halter neck dress with a super high split.
Ashley smiled as she repeatedly look down at her dress, determined not to give onlookers an X-rated eyeful.
The top of her dress criss-crossed around her neck, flashing cleavage and leaving the star's toned stomach on full display.
Ashley wore no jewellery bar a single ring, and completed her look with a pair of low-heel clear shoes.
Since starting dating, the couple have enjoyed a romantic holiday in Dubai soaking up the sunsets at beachfront hotel Caesars Palace and dining at the likes of luxury Italian restaurant Scalini.
Ashley's last public relationship was with Strictly professional Giovanni, 33, who is nine years her junior.
Earlier in the night, Ashley laughed off a wardrobe malfunction with her barely there white dress at the 2024 BRIT Awards
The presenter struggled to pull down her white cut-out halter neck dress with a super high split
George, who is 17 years Ashley's junior, is Ashley's first serious partner since her split from Strictly Come Dancing professional Giovanni Pernice in 2020 (pictured in April 2019) 
The couple were together for over a year before splitting in 2020.
They met when Ashley starred on the BBC series in 2018, competing with Pasha Kovalev in the competition and finishing as a finalist.
Giovanni, who was forced to quit Strictly this season after his celebrity dance partner Amanda Abbington left the show, dated Love Island star Maura Higgins following his romance with Ashley.
It was speculated in 2012 after her stint in the I'm A Celeb jungle that Ashley shared a brief fling with host Declan Donnelly, though the pair never publicly confirmed.
SONG OF THE YEAR 
Calvin Harris - Miracle
Casso x RAYE - Prada
Central Cee - Let Go
Dave - Sprinter
Dua Lipa - Dance the Night
Ed Sheeran - Eyes Closed
J Hus - Who Told You
Kenya Grace - Strangers
Lewis Capaldi - Wish You The Best
Pink Pantheress - Boy's a Liar
RAYE - Escapism - WINNER
Rudimental - Dancing is Healing
Stormzy - Firebae
Switch Disco - React
Venebee - Messy in Heaven
BEST NEW ARTIST 
Mahalia
Olivia Dean
Pinkpantheress
RAYE - WINNER
Yuseff Dayes
ARTIST OF THE YEAR  
Arlo Parks
Central Cee
Dave
Dua Lipa
Fred Again... 
J Hus
Jessie Ware
Little Simz
Olivia Dean
RAYE  - WINNER
GROUP OF THE YEAR  
Blur
Chase & Status
Headie One and K-Trap
Jungle - WINNER
Young Fathers
INTERNATIONAL GROUP OF THE YEAR  
Blink 182
Boygenius - WINNER
Foo fighters
Gabriels
Paramore
DANCE ACT  
Barry Can't Swim
Becky Hill
Calvin Harris - WINNER
Fred Again... 
Romy R&B ACT 
Cleo Sol
Jorja smith
Mahalia
RAYE - WINNER
Sault
ALTERNATIVE ROCK  
Blur
Bring Me The Horizon - WINNER
The Rolling Stones
Young Fathers
Yusseff Dayes
HIP HOP/GRIME/RAP ACT
Casisdead - WINNER
Central Cee
Dave
J Hus
Little Simz
POP ACT  
Calvin Harris 
Charli XCX
Dua Lipa - WINNER
Olivia Dean
RAYE
INTERNATIONAL ARTIST  
Asake
Burna Boy
Caroline Polachek
CMAT
Kylie Minogue
Lana del Rey
Miley Cyrus
Olivia Rodrigo
SZA - WINNER
Taylor Swift
INTERNATIONAL SONG OF THE YEAR  
Billie Eilish - What Was I Made For
David Kushner - Daylight
Doja Cat - Paint The Town Red
Jazzy - Giving Me
Libianca - People 
Meghan Trainer - Made You Look
Miley Cyrus - Flowers  - WINNER
Noah Kahan - Stick Season
Oliver Tree - Miss you
Olivia Rodrigo - Vampire
Peggy Gou – It Goes Like
Rema - Calm Down 
SZA - Kill Bill
Tate McRae - Greedy -
Tyla - Water
ALBUM OF THE YEAR  
Blur - the Ballad of Darren
J Hus - Beautiful
Little Simz - No Thank You
RAYE - My 21st Century Blues - WINNER
Young Fathers - Heavy Heavy
BRIT RISING STAR  
Caity Baser 
Sekou Island 
The Last Dinner Party - WINNER 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group