By Patrick Hipes 
Executive Managing Editor

5th UPDATE, Jan. 31: Christina Aguilera, Samara Joy, Lenny Kravitz, Maluma, Lionel Richie, Mark Ronson, Meryl Streep, Taylor Tomlinson, and Oprah Winfrey are set as presenters for the 66th Grammy Awards.

	Previously announced performers include Burna Boy, Luke Combs, Billie Eilish, Billy Joel, Dua Lipa, Joni Mitchell, Olivia Rodrigo, Travis Scott, SZA, and U2. Additional performers TBA.

	Hosted by Trevor Noah, the 66th Grammy Awards will take place Sunday, February 4 at Los Angeles’ Crypto.com Arena and air live on CBS and Paramount+.

4th UPDATE: Grammy winner SZA is the latest to join the performer lineup for the 66th Grammy Awards. The singer and songwriter leads this year’s awards with nine nominations including Album of the Year (SOS), Record of the Year (“Kill Bill”), Song of the Year (“Kill Bill”), Best Progressive R&B Album (SOS), Best R&B Song (“Snooze”), Best R&B Performance (“Kill Bill”), Best Traditional R&B Performance (“Love Language”), Best Melodic Rap Performance (“Low”), and Best Pop Dup/Group Performance (“Ghost In The Machine”).  

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	She joins previously announced performers Burna Boy, Luke Combs, Billie Eilish, Billy Joel, Dua Lipa, Joni Mitchell, Olivia Rodrigo, Travis Scott, and U2.

	The 66th annual Grammy Awards will take place Sunday, February 4 at Los Angeles’ Crypto.com Arena and air live on CBS and Paramount+.

3rd UPDATE: Joni Mitchell has nine Grammy Awards, but has never performed on the show. That oversight will be fixed at the 66th event, as Mitchell will be spotlighted for the first time. 

	She is nominated in the Best Folk Album category for Joni Mitchell at Newport [Live].

	Mitchell received a Recording Academy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2002, having been described as “one of the most important female recording artists of the rock era” and “a powerful influence on all artists who embrace diversity, imagination and integrity.”

2nd UPDATE: Twenty-two-time Grammy winners U2 are set for a special performance and awards presentation at the 66th Grammy Awards from Sphere in Las Vegas.  It will be the first-ever broadcast performance from the new venue, where the band’s months-long residency, U2:UV Achtung Baby Live at Sphere, will conclude on March 2.

	










	U2 previously opened the 2009 Grammy Awards at Staples Center with a performance of “Get on Your Boots.”

	The band joins a growing list of performers for the 2024 Grammys, including Burna Boy, Luke Combs, Billie Eilish, Billy Joel, Dua Lipa, Olivia Rodrigo and Travis Scott.

RELATED: Billy Joel To Perform At Grammys, Days After New Single’s Release

	The 66th annual Grammy Awards will take place Sunday, February 4 at Los Angeles’ Crypto.com Arena and air live on CBS and Paramount+.

UPDATE, Jan. 21: The Grammys have announced new artists set to hit the stage at the Crypto.com Arena. During the NFL game between the Kansas City Chiefs and the Buffalo Bills, it was confirmed Burna Boy, Luke Combs, and Travis Scott would join the list of performers that include Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, and Olivia Rodrigo.

	The Grammy Awards are set to take place on Sunday, February 4, and will air live on CBS and Paramount+ starting at 8 p.m. ET.

PREVIOUSLY (January 15): Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa and Olivia Rodrigo are the first names that have been set to perform at the 66th annual Grammy Awards, which will take place Sunday, February 4 at Los Angeles’ Crypto.com Arena and air live on CBS and Paramount+.

	The news came Monday via a promo during CBS’ coverage of the Buffalo Bills-Pittsburgh Steelers NFL playoff game.

	The trio have 13 Grammys among them, with Eilish and Rodrigo each nominated for six this year, including head-to-head in the Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Pop Solo Performance categories.

	Eilish and Lipa, meanwhile, teamed on the Monster Barbie soundtrack, which, along with the score, was nominated for 11 Grammys. Five of Eilish’s noms and both of Lipa’s are for “What Was I Made For?” and “Dance the Night,” respectively.

RELATED: How ‘Barbie’ Song “I’m Just Ken” Went From Tragic To Triumphant – Sound & Screen Film

	Trevor Noah returns as host for this year’s ceremony.

	This year’s nomination field is is paced by SZA with nine nominations including for Record, Album and Song of the Year for “Kill Bill” and SOS. Phoebe Bridgers, Serban Ghenea and Victoria Monét have seven noms, while Jack Antonoff, Jon Batiste, boygenius, Brandy Clark, Miley Cyrus, Eilish, Rodrigo and Taylor Swift have six noms apiece.

	The 66th Grammy Awards will be produced by Fulwell 73 Productions for the Recording Academy. Ben Winston, Raj Kapoor and Jesse Collins are executive producers.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.