The first Glastonbury Festival resale tickets are about to go on sale to the general public. Festival organisers are releasing a limited number of resale tickets for the 2024 festival that will be available to buy on Thursday, April 18.
This initial batch of resale tickets include admission to the festival and coach travel options and will be on sale from 6pm on Thursday. Those who miss out on Thursday can try again on Sunday, April 21, when, at 9am another tranche of general admission tickets will be released. It is not clear exactly how many tickets will be available in each batch. 
For the ticket and coach travel options sale on Thursday, April 18, buyers will be limited to two tickets per transaction due to the limited number of seats available per coach. During the general admission resale on Sunday, people can purchase up to four tickets per transaction.
Tickets are priced at £355 plus a £5 booking fee per person and are only available at glastonbury.seetickets.com. There will also be charges for secure delivery per order, priced at £9.95 for general admission or £2.75 for the ticket and coach travel options e-tickets.
Tickets bought in the resales must be paid for in full at the time of booking. Only those who registered by 5pm on Wednesday, April 17, will be able to purchase them. Everyone for whom purchasers are booking need to be registered too. 
The Glastonbury 2024 line-up has now been confirmed with Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA to headline the iconic Pyramid Stage this summer. Shania Twain, meanwhile, will perform in the coveted legends slot on the Sunday.
Follow our live blog below for the latest updates.
To survive a major event like this you will need, comfy shoes, snacks, clothes you don't mind getting dirty, toiletries, and most importantly a sturdy tent.
Fortunately, we have you covered! Amazon is selling Coleman octagon tent for £140 in its major spring sale. This tent includes stable steel pole construction, sewn-in groundsheet, and is 100 per cent waterproof. It also comes in four colours, orange, green, blue/grey, and blackout green.
The large tent, which can hold 8 people, has a 360-degree view plus enhanced ventilation, six large windows, a mesh roof for maximum air circulation and two hinged doors for easy access. With a 4.5 star rating from over 2,500 customers, campers have said they love "the quality, ease of assembly, storage space, and waterproofness of the tent."
Alternatively, you can purchase this Decathlon's QUECHUA Camping tent for 4 people.
Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA are set to headline Glastonbury, festival goers are excited to spend their time "meeting old friends, making new ones" while discovering new music. Anyone attending this major festival needs to take a survival kit including water, snacks, a raincoat, toiletries and most importantly a long-lasting power bank.
Don't get lost from your friends or miss capturing memories with Amazon's best-selling power bank, now on sale for only £18.99 from £29.99. This power bank is perfect for festival goers with a special survival feature only included in this brand.
Get your hands on it here. 
If you're lucky enough to being heading to the festival this year, you might need this 'perfect' £35 trolley that holds 80kg. It's been called the 'ultimate solution' for festival fans. 
Previously £99.99, Wowcher has slashed the price to just £34.99. Get your hands on one here. 
If you miss out on the resale later, there are plenty of other gigs to enjoy nearby. How about a Taylor Swift candelight concert in Bristol this May? 
Get your hands on tickets here. 
It was announced back in March that the stars taking to Glastonbury's pyramid stage this year include headliners Coldplay, Dua Lipa and SZA. Since then, a number of other acts have been announced - though as usual, there are certain to be a few surprises when the festival kicks off in June. 
Shania Twain takes this year's afternoon Legends slot. Other big names set to preform include Cyndi Lauper, Paloma Faith, Jungle, Jessie Ware, The Streets, Bloc Party, Avril Lavigne, Disclosure, Faithless, Anne-Marie, Nia Archives, Sugababes, Gossip, Sampha, Peggy Gou and DJ and producer of the moment, Barry Can’t Swim.
Emily Eavis also shared the line-up for the Acoustic Stage: Scouting For Girls, The Bootleg Beatles, the Red Hot Chilli Pipers and Australian singer-songwriter Angie McMahon on the Friday.
More recently, it was confirmed that Lulu will be playing as part of her farewell tour. The 75-year-old recently confirmed she will be retiring from performing after six decades in the industry will also be playing the festival as one of her last concerts.
Other acts hitting up the Avalon Stage include:
The Glastonbury Festival ticket page states: "In the General Admission resale on Sunday 21st April, you may purchase up to 4 tickets per transaction – but remember that you can only book one ticket per registration. If you plan to book for a group, you will need all their registration numbers and registered postcodes, too – get them ready now.
"The Ticket + Coach travel options sale on Thursday 18th April will be limited to 2 tickets per transaction, to reflect the limited number of seats available per coach. Again, you will need the registration number for each ticket you are booking."
Glastonbury organisers, via a post online, have said there are only a very limited number of tickets available for resale. It says: "Following the ticket balance payment window, we will be selling a very limited number of tickets for which the balance was not settled. These will consist of General Admission tickets and Ticket + Coach travel options."
Today's resale, which goes live at 6pm, will consist of ticket and coach travel. Tickets cost £355 + £5 booking per person and must be paid in full at the time of booking.
Glastonbury resale tickets go on sale today from 6pm today for ticket and coach travel option.