Music fans up and down the country will try to bag Glastonbury 2025 general sale tickets this morning. The highly sought after tickets will go on sale today, Sunday, November 17, at 9am.
It is the second chance fans will have to secure tickets. To purchase tickets for the Worthy Farm festival you need to have registered for the Glastonbury 2025 ticket ballot. 
Registration closed at 5pm on Monday, November 11. There will be no opportunity to submit/edit a registration until after the November ticket sales.
Major music artists have took to the Glastonbury stages, with this year’s instalment hosting headliners including Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA on the Pyramid Stage. The 2025 Glastonbury Festival will take place from Wednesday, June 25 to June 29.
A huge change has been made to the way people will be able to purchase Glastonbury Festival tickets. Usually, people hoping to secure tickets would have to refresh the landing page when tickets went on sale but things will be different this year.
Bosses for the festival made the announcement. Fans will now be placed in an online virtual queue in what will be a completely new way of booking tickets for the famous festival.
Next year's Glastonbury festival will take place from June 25 to June 29 2025 at the usual location of Worthy Farm in Somerset. Line-ups for the famous festival are still to be announced. 
We'll be bringing you everything you need to know, including ticket prices, availability and more. Follow along below for live updates as Glastonbury 2025 tickets go on sale.
All that and they are gone in 43 minutes. 
A message on the website reads: "Glastonbury 2025 tickets are now SOLD OUT. The sale has ended and the queue is now closed."
Another year where it was not to be...
At least I got to six bars. 
Tickets for Glastonbury Festival 2025 are now SOLD OUT. 
A statement on the website says: "Confirmation emails are going out now. 
"Thank you to everyone who bought tickets this morning and sorry to those who missed out."
A message from Glastonbury and See Tickets has appeared. 
It says: "Over half the tickets for Glastonbury 2025 have now been sold."
I meanwhile am on three bars....
The elation! I have two-and-a-half bars now. 
Reminder, Glastonbury say you should not refresh the page, or use multiple devices and tabs as you may lose your place in the queue. 
I will not be risking my two-and-a-half bars, despite what the bots on X say. 
So, if you're purchasing Glastonbury tickets right now, you'll be seeing a number of green bars. 
As I have little luck, I am still on two bars. According to people on X, some people are seeing between three and six bars. 
We have entered the ticket queue - and now we wait.
The Glastonbury 2025 ticket sale has not yet begun. When the sale begins, you will be assigned a place in the queue. There is no need to manually refresh the page you are on.
Not long now until tickets go on sale. 
Last year, coach tickets sold out within 25 minutes while standard tickets were all bought within an hour.
“The Glastonbury 2025 Ticket and Coach sale has not yet begun. When the sale begins, you will be assigned a place in the queue. There is no need to manually refresh this page.
“When it is your turn, you will have 10 minutes to enter the website.
“You will then be asked to enter the registration number and registered postcode for the lead booker and up to five other people for whom you are attempting to book tickets.
“Tickets are not allocated until your payment has been processed.”
Festival organiser Emily Eavis has previously said 2026 will be a fallow year for Glastonbury, to allow the land to rest and recover, but she is already in talks with acts to headline in 2025.
The 2024 festival was the first year the event has featured two female headliners on the Pyramid Stage, Dua Lipa on Friday and SZA on Sunday.
On the Saturday, Coldplay made history as the first act to headline the festival five times.
Tickets for Glastonbury 2025 cost £373.50 plus a £5 booking fee, which is a £18.50 rise from the 2024 price of £355 plus a £5 booking fee.
The sale of standard tickets will take place on Sunday November 17 at 9am.
The Glastonbury Festival 2025 general ticket sale has arrived.
Armed with multiple devices, a team of friends, and a prayer - we will all soon face a queue like no other. 
If it makes you feel better (it won't) the first group of tickets for Glastonbury sold out in 30 minutes on Thursday. 
Festival-goers had to navigate a new booking process when the sale for coach travel tickets opened at 6pm.
Fans were “randomly assigned a place in a queue” rather than having to refresh the holding page when the tickets went live.