FILE - SZA, winner of the award for best pop duo/group performance for "Kiss Me More," poses in the press room at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards on April 3, 2022, in Las Vegas. SZA is nominated for nine categories at the 2024 Grammys, including Record of the Year, Song of the Year and Album of the Year. (AP Photo/John Locher, File)John Locher/Invision/AP
What’s the difference between Record of the Year and Song of the Year at the Grammys? What’s the difference between Album of the Year and Record of the Year at the Grammy Awards?
The confusion happens every year, as the 2024 Grammy Awards’ three biggest categories all have similar names. Older viewers might think of “records” as being the same thing as “albums,” as in vinyl LPs, while younger audiences who download or stream music will wonder how their favorite song can win best record, but not best song — or vice versa.
So here’s Song of the Year vs. Record of the Year vs. Album of the Year, explained:
Artists nominated in one category will often be nominated in the other categories, but not always. Jon Batiste, Olivia Rodrigo, Miley Cyrus, SZA and Taylor Swift are nominated for all three of the night’s top prizes this year; Billie Eilish is up for both Record of the Year and Song of the Year with her “Barbie” song “What Was I Made For?”; and Upstate New York native Lana Del Rey is up for Album of the Year and Song of the Year.
Here’s a look at the 2024 Grammy nominations for Album of the Year, Record of the Year and Song of the Year:
Record Of The Year nominees
Album Of The Year nominees
Song Of The Year nominees
The 66th annual Grammy Awards, hosted by Trevor Noah, will air Sunday, Feb. 4, starting at 8 p.m. ET on CBS. Music’s biggest night can also be streamed live on fuboTV (free trial) and Paramount+ (free trial).
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices