Get our ultimate guide on things to do in Surrey with our twice-weekly What's On email - including the best food, drink, and entertainment
We have more newsletters
Get our ultimate guide on things to do in Surrey with our twice-weekly What's On email - including the best food, drink, and entertainment
We have more newsletters
A new study has revealed nearly 7 in 10 women have never been to a concert alone – and they are twice as likely to avoid gigging solo due to anxiety. The research, released by viagogo, also shares key reasons women stay away from these situations including feeling ‘unsafe’ and not feeling ‘confident enough’.
In contrast, half of British men have been to a live music venue by themselves. The survey included 2,000 participants who were asked to share their attitudes towards solo gigging.
Of those who took part, more than three quarters of fans who had been to a concert alone admitted to feeling nervous during their first time. Interestingly, of those who faced their fears, over a third states that they felt more ‘self-confident' and 20% said they felt ‘happier’ for having done it.
However, the report also showed women are three times more likely to struggle with confidence and safety concerns, compared to men. Alongside the stats, viagogo has announced an initiative to help music lovers get the courage to go it alone. Dubbed ‘Solo Socials’, this is a free pre-show event that take place on 22 May in conjunction with Taylor Swift’s much-anticipated Eras Tour.
This will include entertainment in the form of games, quizzes and performances – hosted by drag queens Margo Marshall and Vicki Vivacious, who starred in season five of Ru Paul’s Drag Race UK. The night is specially designed to boost confidence, bringing Swifties together before the big show.
It will be held at Mrs Riot in Covent Garden, London. Besides bonding over their love for Taylor, fans will also be treated to a complimentary cocktail, friendship-bracelets, goodies and food, alongside a vibrant line-up of music, entertainment and comedy.
The research also showed a positive shift in thinking with two in five people planning to attend a gig alone. The top reason why they wanted to venture out by themselves is to feel a greater sense of freedom (36%) and better ‘control over the acts they see at festivals’ (27%).
Others are keen to make new friends with other concertgoers (23%). More needs to be done by live music venues to assist nervous music lovers.
Over a third of participants were in favour of ‘safe areas’ at events, organised meet-up groups (22%) and a taxi service (17%). When quizzed on which artist would inspire them to take the solo-gig-going plunge, one in seven Brits (16%) claimed that Taylor Swift would be their favourite pick out of 25 artists.
The songwriter beat out a string of other global acts like Coldplay (14%), Lady Gaga (13%), Beyonce (12%) and Bruce Springsteen (12%).