By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, StyleCaster may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
Arguably the trickiest part about picking your music festival OOTD is the bag. You can wear whatever shirt, dress, or shoes you want, but the same can’t be said of your bag. While each festival has different policies, I’ve scoured the internet for the best festival bags on the market right now.
Whether the bag policy is clear bags only or super tiny purses that can hardly fit the essentials, there’s always a way to make your accessory choice both stylish and functional. If you’re going for a sporty look, you might want to check out Lululemon or adidas’ offerings. If you’re going more for aesthetic, try Revolve, Everlane, or Free People.

 








Related Stories This Firming Butt & Thigh Cream Makes Skin ‘Feel Tighter’ With Dedicated Use The Only ‘Ready-to-Wear’ Wig Brand Worth Your Time & Money 
There are endless options that’ll look cute with any outfit, fit your festival necessities, and comply with bag policies. Keep scrolling to see (and shop) exactly which festival bags I’m talking about, with options starting at just $9. Even more: I’ve included a handful of essentials that you should consider packing in your festival bag, too.
But first, here’s a quick breakdown of each major music festival’s bag policy so that you know what to expect and can come prepared.
Backpacks that are no larger than 18″ x 13″ x 8.5″, fanny packs, hip bags, and handbags that are no larger than 12″ x 6″ x 12″ are all allowed inside of Coachella.
RELATED: Coachella Tickets Are Selling Out—Here’s Where You Can Still Get Them For Cheap
If you’re bringing a small clutch purse or fanny pack that’s 6″ x 9″ or smaller, it does not have to be clear, but it can’t have more than one pocket. All other bags that are bigger than 6″ x 9″ have to be smaller than 12″ x 6″ x 12″ and clear. Hydration packs are okay to bring and don’t need to be clear, although they do have to be completely empty upon entrance and can’t have more than two pockets on top of the one that holds the water.
Lollapalooza and Gov Ball have the exact same bag policy. If you’re bringing a small clutch purse or fanny pack that’s 6″ x 9″ or smaller, it does not have to be clear, but it can’t have more than one pocket. All other bags that are bigger than 6″ x 9″ have to be smaller than 12″ x 6″ x 12″ and clear. Hydration packs are okay to bring and don’t need to be clear, although they do have to be completely empty upon entrance and can’t have more than two pockets on top of the one that holds the water.

 









RELATED: How to Get Last-Minute Governors Ball 2024 Tickets
Backpacks and bags made of clear plastc, clear vinyl, or clear PVC are all allowed inside of Outside Lands. Additionally, you can bring small bags, fanny packs, and purses that are up to 6″ x 8″ x 3″ (they do not have to be clear). If you want to bring a hydration pack inside of the music festival, it must be empty and have a bladder capacity of under 2.5L/150 in. and have no more than one additional pocket. Any standard size backpacks that come with hydration bladders will not be allowed through security.
Below, find the 13 best festival bag options that align with the bag policies for all of the major music festivals.
I know everyone and their dog is obsessed with Lululemon’s iconic belt bag, but we can shoutout the Easy Access Crossbody Bag for a sec? Lulu says it fits your phone, passport, and cards, so if you really just need to cover the absolute basics, add this bag to your cart in one of the five versatile colorways. Oh! And did I mention it’s made from water-repellant recycled nylon? That’s the perfect material for a festival where spillages are inevitable.

 









If you’re like me and prefer a roomier bag, the Hit The Trails Sling is a great option. Not only is the foldover design unique, but it also offers more space to hold your belongings. Also, the detachable zippered pouch that’s attached to the shoulder strap is so adorable (and handy!). It’s the perfect place to put your chapstick, a compact mirror, or whatever you might need at a festival.
While the Sandy Liang and Baggu collab is no longer available, there are still similar styles on the latter’s site. Bright red has been all the rave lately, and when paired with black, it deserves a big chef’s kiss. While most fashion girlies wear this accessory slung over their shoulders, you might want to use the adjustable strap to wear it as a crossbody bag while you’re jumping up and down at a music festival.
I bought Uniqlo’s TikTok-viral Round Mini Shoulder Bag because I couldn’t go anwhere without spotting a few on the streets of NYC and on the subway. After owning one for a while now, I’m beyond glad the bag lived up to the hype. It’s small but mighty in that it fits an insane amount of things—including a regular-sized water bottle. In fact, I refer to it as my “Mary Poppins bag” because of its ability to hold so much. If you’re an overpacker like me, this Uniqlo bag is a game-changer.

 









This no-frills fanny pack checks off all our boxes. It’s simple, adjustable, and the perfect size. Plus, since it’s a fanny pack, you can wear it slung over your shoulder or around your waist. Many say it’s an amazing dupe for Lululemon’s Everywhere Belt Bag.
The Mara Phone Sling from Dagne Dover can fit all of the basics, like your phone, cards, lip balm, and sunscreen. 
Is this not the cutest little bag ever? Slip your essentials into this tiny pouch and don’t forget to fill the handy front pocket!
This Marc Jacobs bag is teeny-tiny, but still fits all of your necessities. The cherry on top? The detachable and adjustable strap! Thank goodness because comfort is key at any festival.
Looking for a sparklier option that’ll shimmer in the sun? Check out this bedazzled silver bag that’s covered in a crystal mesh material on the outside.
Barbiecore is here to stay, even through music festival season. This Marc Jacobs bag has a top zipper closure, top handles, and a detachable and adjustable shoulder strap. If your outfit is missing a pop of color, let it be this vibrant accessory.

 









It can be tough to find a belt bag that’s small enough to adhere to the festivals’ policies. When in doubt, grab a classic clear crossbody like this one.
For a more dressed-up option, try Everlane’s vegan leather sling bag. Its slip pockets will fit your phone and cards perfectly, and the adjustable strap will make sure you have a comfy, secure fit.
If your festival aesthetic this year is more street style-inspired, this adidas crossbody bag will complete your ’fits.
Once you’ve picked out your go-to festival bag, it’s time to fill it with essentials. Here are a few you should pack for the best festival experience possible.
SPF is an absolute must every single day, but especially when you’re baking under the sun at a music festival. Be sure to reapply throughout the day to avoid getting a nasty sunburn. Unseen Sunscreen by Supergoop! is a great option, since it’s lightweight and offers broad-spectrum SPF 40 protection. On top of shielding your skin from harmful UV rays, it also grips your makeup as a primer. If Lady Gaga approves, it must be good enough to wear to a festival.
 









The desert doesn’t have outlets, but we know you’re going to want to post to your Instagram stories non-stop. In comes your new best friend, a portable charger. Slip this compact power bank into your bag along with a charging cable. It comes in a two-pack, so you can even give one to your travel buddy.
Full days of singing, dancing and basking in the hot sun do not always bode well for the makeup looks you apply in the morning. However, these cream eyeshadows from Gwen Stefani’s makeup brand come in tiny tubes that are perfect for on-the-go touch-ups. They’re also just extremely pigmented and smudge-proof (a little goes a long way, too!). For those who also have oily skin, these shadows are a true godsend. I’ve swatched the blue and pink shimmery shades IRL and can assure you they’re tailor-made for all your festival makeup looks.
You can’t escape germs, especially at music festivals, so don’t forget to pack a compact hand sanitizer like this one from Touchland
. It’s the ideal shape and size for squeezing it into your bag, and it also has a bunch of amazing ingredients that won’t dry out your skin. This one smells like rose and provides 500 sprays, too!

 









Coloring your hair for the day has never been easier thanks to Hally’s Shade Stix
. This one-day temporary hair color is a breeze to apply and rinses out in one round of shampoo. If you’ve ever wondered what you’d look like with bright blue or pink strands, now’s you’re chance to try something new! And what better time than at a fun music festival where bold makeup, hair and nail looks are always appreciated?
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.