The "Buckle Bunny" gave Billboard an inside look at her BET Awards glam.

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Tanner Adell made her BET Awards debut Sunday (June 30), and she invited Billboard along for the ride. 

	The country singer, featured on Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter album, gave us a behind-the-scenes look at her BET Awards glam. Fans can shop Adell’s beauty picks via talkshoplive starting Wednesday (July 3).
 




	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Tanner Adell		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Her red-carpet glam included NARS Sheer Glow Foundation, La Mer Moisturizing Cream, Fenty Beauty Mini Pro Filt’r Retouch Setting Powder, Fenty Beauty Sun Stalk’r Instant Warmth Bronzer, Laura Mercier Loose Setting Powder, Pat McGrath Labs Mothership x Eyeshadow Palette, One/Size Point Made 24-Hour Gel Eyeliner Pencil, M.A.C’s Cork Lip Pencil Liner and blush from Haus Labs by Lady Gaga.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	For her hair, Adell used Fenty Hair 5-in-1 Heat Protectant Styler, a Dyson Airwrap and the T3 Body Waver Professional Curling and Styling Iron.

	Adell described the full look —  an off-the shoulder Bach Mai dress and cowboy hat and heels with her hair in two braids —  as Western meets whimsy.

	“I love fantasy,” explained Adell. “I love playing games with fairies and all the sparkles and glitter [and] rhinestones. I would say [this look is] ‘Western whimsical.’ The dress is the whimsical, the braids and the hat are the Western.”

	“The braids are such a cowgirl staple,” she added. 

	The “Buckle Bunny” singer made history as the first Black female country artist to perform at the BET Awards, which marked her first performance on a televised awards show.

	“That’s an honor. It’s a really big deal for me,” she shared while getting glammed up for the show. “It’s crazy to go from watching the BET [Awards] to being on them.”

	Adell performed her vial hit “Buckle Bunny” at the 2024 BET Awards and a new song, “Cowboy Break My Heart.”

	Watch the video above to shop beauty picks from Adell’s BET Awards glam. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.