The new film is being written now according to reports 
There could be a new Bane movie on the way from DC, according to reports.
The villain was previously seen in Christopher Nolan’s 2021 movie, The Dark Knight Rises and was portrayed in that by Tom Hardy.
Sources have told The Hollywood Reporter that Bane, along with another supervillain Deathstroke, are being put together for a new DC movie.
The outlet reports that the James Gunn and Peter Safran-led DC Studios are developing a script from Matthew Orton, who was a writer on the upcoming Captain America: Brave New World movie. They report that as yet, there is no director attached to the project.
NME has reached out to DC for comment.
It’s been a busy few weeks for DC with the new Joker movie, Joker: Folie à Deux arriving in cinemas this week, starring Lady Gaga as Harley Quinn and Joaquin Phoenix as the titular villain. The pair recently attended a premiere of the film in London together. 
NME gave Joker: Folie à Deux a four-stars, saying that Gaga “shines in a provocative prison musical” and: “[director Todd] Phillips and [co-writer Scott] Silver have delivered the last thing anyone expected: a socially responsible Joker movie that finds an intriguing way to explore the consequences (both on and offscreen) of the first film. Joker fans shouldn’t cry too hard though – Warner Bros. have cleverly found a way to leave the door open a little for the franchise to continue, should the need arise.“
In addition, a new show about the Penguin premiered recently on HBO. Starring Colin Farrell as the supervillain, alongside How I Met Your Mother’s Cristin Milioti and Runaways’ Rhenzy Feliz, the show debuted in the US on HBO Max on September 19 and Sky Atlantic/NOW the following day (September 20). Also joining the cast are Clancy Brown, Michael Zegen, Michael Kelly and Mark Strong.
In a four star review of the new series, NME said: “The ensuing journey from the gutter makes this show more compelling than it perhaps should be, and a heavily made-up Farrell is as astonishing as ever in the role. With a sequel to The Batman confirmed, though, Gotham is getting mighty crowded.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.