Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
From skeletons to UNO cards, coming up with a creative group costume is a great way to get the whole family involved in the Halloween fun. 
No matter how old your little monsters are, we compiled a collection of family Halloween costume ideas to suit every type of boo crew.
If your kids go gaga for Disney movies, they'll love dressing up like their favorite characters from classics like “101 Dalmations,” “Wreck-It Ralph,” “The Little Mermaid,” or “Monsters, Inc.”
There are also plenty of ideas to be found in classic family-friendly Halloween movies like “Hocus Pocus” and “The Addams Family.” (Your neighbors will be spellbound when they see your family's spot-on Sanderson Sisters costume.)
If you're spooked by the sewing machine, fear not: many of these family Halloween costume ideas don't require sewing skills, and you can craft plenty of costumes from items in your closet or around the house. Best of all, the whole family can participate in making these DIY costumes ahead of Halloween night.
Whether you choose a classic Halloween costume idea like “Star Wars” or dream up your own theme, your kids will be thrilled to show off their one-of-a-kind costumes.
Before the end of the night, snap a group photo of your family Halloween costume and post it to help inspire other families before next year's festivities.
If your family is equally excited about football season as they are about spooky season, these football costumes are the perfect outfit choice. Choose from sports announcer, referee, mascot, cheerleader, and quarterback costume options for maximum team spirit.
Get the tutorial at Merrick’s Art.
Get ready to hand jive with these adorable costumes inspired by “Grease.” Even if your kids are too young to watch the flick, they’ll love dancing to some of its classic songs like “You’re the One That I Want” and “Greased Lightning.”
Get the tutorial at With the Blinks.
How cute are these little condiments? These creative hotdog, ketchup, and mustard costumes are perfect for a trio. All you need to do is coordinate your colors for this easy DIY costume.
Get the tutorial at The Pretty Life Girls.
Up, up, and away! Your kids will be flying high with these sweet aviator costumes. Crafting an airplane out of cardboard isn't for the faint of heart, but it'll all be worth it for the cutest family photos. Plus, little ones will stay toasty warm in their fleece-lined aviator jackets.
Get the tutorial at Treasure Coast Mom.
Whether you're feeling joyful, envious, or a little bit fearful, express your emotions on Halloween with this creative family costume based on the "Inside Out" movie. 
Get the tutorial at With the Blinks.
They’re creepy and they’re kooky, mysterious and spooky ... and they make the perfect family costume. You guessed it, they're the Addams family. Conjure this blood-curdling brood with some elegant black clothing.
Get the tutorial at Brooke Angelique.
This costume will take your family to infinity and beyond. Choose from characters like Jessie, Buzz Lightyear, Woody, and Mr. Potato Head to round out the whole “Toy Story” crew.
Get the tutorial at Janelle Rendon.
Yabba-dabba-doo! Get ready to meet the Flintstones. The precious prehistoric family makes the perfect Halloween costume. Bonus points if you dress up your dog as Dino.
Get the tutorial at Janelle Rendon.
If your family loves all things Disney, this costume is the perfect homage to its most iconic characters. Best of all, it's easy to DIY with items from your closet.
Get the tutorial at Studio DIY.
Bathtime has never been cuter. This whimsical costume is especially perfect for families with young children. Your little loofah will love watching all the Halloween excitement.
Get the tutorial at Studio DIY.
Who would be afraid of these adorable monsters? Even if October is especially chilly this year, you'll stay cozy in these fluffy costumes.
Get the tutorial at The Overwhelmed Mommy.
If your kids haven’t seen this classic Disney film, it’s time for a walk down memory lane. This “Cinderella” costume is a perfect homage to a magical movie.
Get the tutorial at Studio DIY. 
This classic game doubles as a unique family Halloween costume. Dressing up as the infamous +4 card will strike fear into any card game enthusiast’s soul.
Get the tutorial at Suburban Wife, City Life.
How adorable are these little monsters? This creative costume is the perfect homage to author Maurice Sendak’s cherished children’s book. 
Get the tutorial at Tried and True Creative.
If your kids loved last year's live-action remake of “The Little Mermaid," this costume is the perfect homage. You'll be humming "Part of Your World" long after Halloween is over.
Get the tutorial at The Overwhelmed Mommy.
Polka dots are always in style — just ask Cruella de Vil. Whether you go all-out in a onesie or keep it casual with a t-shirt, this family costume is just too cute.
Get the tutorial at The Overwhelmed Mommy.
This brave cartoon crew from “Wreck-It Ralph” is sure to save the day. Take a cue from Fix-It Felix and craft this creative costume from supplies around the house.
Get the tutorial at Lovely Indeed.
Your neighbors will love this cute family costume...that is, if they can spot you in the crowd. All you need for this costume are jeans, beanies, glasses, and Waldo's iconic shirt. How cute are these matching stripes?
Get the tutorial at Lovely Indeed. 
It's the spooky, scary Sanderson Sisters! These adorable witches will definitely put a spell on you with their sweet costumes and superb singing. 
Get the tutorial at With the Blinks.
These wild animals are on the hunt ... for candy! Luckily, these critters are more cute than creepy. Your kids will love dressing up as their favorite animals for a spooky safari.
Get the tutorial at Mommy Diary.
There are plenty of exciting characters in the “Star Wars” universe, so everyone can pick their favorite. Bigger kids will love dressing up as their favorite Jedis, and little ones are just the right size to be the galaxy's favorite droid.
Get the tutorial at Lovely Indeed.
This Halloween, under the sea is the place to be! Get creative with sea creature costumes like narwhals, sharks, mermaids, and more. 
Get the tutorial at Mommy Diary.
Now, this might just be the cutest Starbucks menu we've ever seen! Kids can choose between their favorite drinks  — caffeinated or otherwise — while toddlers and babies can go as cake pops. 
Get the tutorial at Arin Solange at Home. 
Because after the rain comes sun ... and rainbows ... and flowers. And if you're a family of five or more, round out your weather report with a lightning bolt, snowflake, moon and more.
Get the tutorial at Stephanie Hanna. 
Wear costumes that match the characters on the big screen or keep it more general with outdoorsy, island-friendly ensembles. On the plus side, at least this dinosaur looks way friendlier than the ones in the movie franchise. 
See more at Keslie Bynum. 
Each family member can tailor their costume to their tastebuds. So, for example, if they think McDonald's fries are superior, they can dress as the chain's mascot.
See more at Sydney McNeill. 
Who needs Halloween candy when you’ve got a costume as sweet as this? Poly-Fil and spray paint combine for a sugary-sweet concoction.
Get the tutorial at Ambushed With Boys.
Upcycle old cardboard boxes and transform your family into a box of popcorn, movie projector and marquee.
Get the tutorial at Kids Activities. 
Take your family game night to the next level. Give “Vanna” a sequined dress, then craft a wheel and puzzle board out of cardboard for a winning costume.  
Get the tutorial at Shirley Lo. 
Halloween is a great excuse to repurpose your kid’s dance recital costume. Here, a light-colored tutu with a halo headband and a red tutu with a black top and devil’s horns headband becomes the cutest good versus evil battle you’ve ever seen.
Get the tutorial at Sydney So Sweet. 
If October is chilly where you live, opt for a family costume that is as cozy as it is cute. Once you track down enough matching sweatsuits for the whole family, iron on Care Bear symbols for the given colors.
Get the tutorial at SeeVanessaCraft.
Add black spots to a red tutu and a yellow top to a black-and-yellow tutu for a lucky lady bug and a bumble bee you won’t mind buzzing around.
Get the tutorial at Sydney So Sweet. 
Light gray hoodies are anything but ordinary when you add some teeth to them. The song’s likely stuck on a loop in your head anyway, so you might as well turn it into a fun family costume that’s easy to do-do-do…. 
Get the tutorial at ShrimpSaladCircus.
Peter Pan and Tinkerbell sure are cute, but it’s Peter’s shadow that steals the show in this group costume.
Get the tutorial at AnnLeDo. 
Can you really DIY Disney characters? You can when you whip up some “grass” skirts, pull on some bright floral shirts, and toss on a lei or two.
Get the tutorial at DIYInspired.
These colorful kids are inspired by the book “The Day the Crayons Quit” by Drew Daywait. Everyone gets to pick their favorite color, but the hardest part will be convincing them to keep their hat —er, tip — on. 
Get the tutorial at The House that Lars Built.
DIY meets a few power-ups (ready-made costumes) for an awesome family costume based on Super Mario Bros.
Get the tutorial at The Mom Creative.
With a bit of effort, a wheelchair can be transformed into a getaway Jeep from the “scary” dinosaurs at Jurassic Park.
Get the tutorial at Sarah Halstead.
Start the day off right with a good breakfast costume, courtesy of paint and foam rolls.
Get the tutorial at Hello Wonderful.
The circus is a spectacle, but you can make a spectacular family costume with some gear you might already have in your closet.
Get the tutorial at This Sweet Happy Life. 
Here's one way to get your family to “stop, collaborate and listen.” Grab some sunglasses and a couple of large clear plastic bags, and you’re halfway there. 
Get the tutorial at Thinking Closet.
Make your family look like the real deal with a few vintage finds from the 80s. 
Get the tutorial at Design Improvised.
If your kids are obsessed with LEGOS, then this costume is a no-brainer. Keep it simple by painting all the pieces in the same hue, or let everyone choose their own color.
Get the tutorial at Kids Activities.
Talk about a fun play on words: A crocodile onesie, keyboard cut-out, white suit and lots of feathers come together in honor of “Crocodile Rock.” Elton would be proud.
Get the tutorial at A Beautiful Mess.
Fans of "Squid Game" will be thrilled to know that they won’t have to go into debt to create the unique mask worn by the workers.
Get the tutorial at Lola Lambchops.
Red yarn and colorful dresses are key in this adorable mother-daughter costume.
Get the tutorial at A Beautiful Mess.
The classic children’s book gets the DIY treatment here with some store-bought items (like a blow-up suit!), some simple sewing patterns and a few household items.
Get the tutorial at Meaningful Mama.
If you think DIY means lots of sewing, think again. Your family could look like this happy group of cookies and donuts without even having to thread a needle.
Get the tutorial at Kristen Duke Photography.
Who knew that electrical tape and white clothing could pair up for such a creative costume? Life With Fingerprints, that's who.
Get the tutorial at Life With Fingerprints.
If you're scrambling to put together a last-minute group costume, this simple DIY skeleton costume is the perfect choice. Have everyone pick out an all-black outfit, then cut out bone shapes from white construction paper. With a little bit of tape and some face paint, you're ready to spook the whole neighborhood!
Get the tutorial at Red Ted Art.
Amanda Garrity is a lifestyle editor at TODAY.com, where she writes, edits and optimizes content in the lifestyle space. Previously, she covered home, holiday and gifts at Good Housekeeping. 
Associate Lifestyle Reporter
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.