The band will perform at the Royal Albert Hall tonight
Cypress Hill have admitted performing a show at the Royal Albert Hall with the London Symphony Orchestra, almost 30 years after it was joked about on The Simpsons is “probably one of the biggest moments” for the band.
In yet another uncanny foretelling of the future by the hit cartoon show, the 1996 episode Homerpalooza saw the group accidentally book a gig with the London Symphony Orchestra while high.
Following the episode, rumours of them linking up with the orchestra have circulated ever since and earlier this year the band finally booked a show with the orchestra at London’s Royal Albert Hall for tonight (July 10).
It will see the LSO perform unique orchestral arrangements of the band’s most iconic songs including ‘Insane in the Brain’ and ‘I Wanna Get High’.
Speaking ahead of the show which saw Cypress Hill perform three shows with a symphony orchestra in the US last year, B-Real told Sky News it was “one of the biggest moments” for the band.
“We’ve done some pretty damn big gigs, but this is with some of the best musicians in the world. So, yeah, we’re excited,” he said.
“We’ve played a lot of historical venues throughout our 32 years of making music… this is one of the places that as a hip-hop artist, you don’t expect… so that’s another thing we’re honoured by, is that we’re not only playing with the LSO, but we’re playing in their house – the most prestigious place to play.”
He added: “We feel confident that on our end we’re definitely ready to deliver. And we know these are the elite musicians of the world, so we know they’ll be ready.”
The Simpsons has often been credited with predicting the future – including episodes that foresaw Donald Trump announcing his presidency, Disney buying 20th Century Fox, Siegfried and Roy being attacked by a tiger, Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl performance, and most recently the outrage surrounding Michelangelo’s statue of David going on tour.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.