Sorry, this video isn't available any more.
Martin Lawrence sparked concern over his health while at the Los Angeles premiere of Bad Boys 4 as he seemed unsteady on his feet.
He has reunited with Will Smith for the fourth franchise instalment which has so far received fairly positive reviews as the Fresh Prince star’s first film since the infamous slap.
Attention at the premiere turned to Martin’s health as Will appeared to be holding him up while they walked atop a bus and waved at the crowd.
Martin, 59, looked considerably less energetic than Will, 55, as the Men In Black icon led him to the edge to see fans.
After speculation online, the Big Momma’s House star has spoken out about his health and stated he is in ‘God’s hands’.
While on Hot 97’s Ebro in the Morning on Tuesday, host Ebro Darden directly asked the duo about the growing rumours of illness.
He said: ‘Now Martin… everybody’s talking [about] you on the balcony waving at people, [you’re] looking around, where you’re looking around? People took it like something was wrong with your health or something.’
‘I was like, oh, this is rock concert stuff,’ dismissed the Martin star, joking about the size of the crowd. ‘What the hell is going on? For a movie?’
Not dropping the subject, Ebro asked again: ‘But on that note, Martin, is there anything you want to say to the people because they’re concerned about your health.’
‘I’m fine. I’m in God’s hands,’ came the reply, before Martin realised this may not be as reassuring as it needed to be.
He continued: ‘I’m blessed. You know, I’m glad to be waking up every day. I’m all good. No need for people to be concerned.’
Just to make absolutely certain, the Open Season actor laughed: ‘I’m healthy as hell. Stop the rumours!’
In 1996, Martin was briefly hospitalised after a bizarre incident where he ran into traffic screaming and cursing, which a doctor later said was caused by extreme exhaustion and dehydration.
Three years later he slipped into a three-day fatal coma after collapsing from severe heat exhaustion, brought on while exercising — his body temperature hit over 40 degrees Celsius.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
Since then, the star has not publicly shared any health concerns but fans continued to speculate in the comments on Instagram, despite his assurances.
Bad Boys: Ride or Die is the fourth outing for this duo, having started the comedy franchise in 1995.
It follows buddy detectives Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett (Smith and Lawrence, respectively) after they were framed during their attempts to clear the name of the deceased Captain Howard.
The pair are still on the run, after the events of Bad Boys 3, as they navigate life as fugitives and investigate corruption within the Miami police department.
Bad Boys: Ride or Die is out in cinemas now.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Taylor Swift slams speculation after Lady Gaga forced to deny pregnancy
Arrow
MORE: Halsey speaks out after revealing secret health battle with life-long illnesses
Arrow
MORE: Celebrities who announced their pregnancies after the age of 50