Treat yourself and your loved one up to 70% off tech, beauty, fashion and more.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	If you thought the savings ended with Black Friday and Cyber Weekend, Cyber Monday 2024 is ready to fill your pockets with arguably even better savings. The 24-hour deals event gives you an additional chance to score major discounts on hot ticketed items whether you’re looking for savings on Lego sets or need an excuse to hit “checkout” on your Amazon cart.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Some brands may expand the sale to an entire week, but you’re most likely going to get the most savings on Cyber Monday. Plus, with early shoppers clamoring to get holiday shopping done, all the ultimate gifts (no matter the category) are usually quick to sell out.

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	If you missed out on Black Friday, you haven’t missed out on all the sales (yet). Cyber Monday 2024 deals feature discounts even bigger than Black Friday, if you can believe it. Practically everything you can think of is on sale for 24 hours whether your beauty routine is in need of a refresh or you’re in need of a sleek gadget for the tech enthusiast in your life — and for up to 70% off. Gifts for music lovers are also on sale such as immersive over-ear headphones and turntables to add a retro touch to their home.

	Keep reading to learn more.

	Thankfully, you don’t have to dig for the deepest discounts alone, ShopBillboard put together a list of the best Cyber Monday deals 2024 for you to shop below before it’s too late.

		Nike is stacking the deals for Cyber Monday with an additional 30% off styles when you use the code CYBER at checkout. That includes on these wide-leg sweatpants that combine style and coziness in one look. You’ll be able to enjoy an elastic waistband that gently rests on your waist while the wide legs provide breathability to help you cool down post workout.	

		Shine a light on your home with a set of neon rope lights that’ll let you customize the colors, effects and more with just a touch of a button. The decor is compatible with Google Home and Alexa for hands-free use and you can download the accompanying app to personalize how it looks — including the ability to flash based on the beat of music. 	

		HP wasn’t messing around with their Cyber Monday laptop deals. You can score as much as 61% off a 17.3-inch laptop and giving you hundreds of dollars in savings. In addition to having a wider screen, the laptop includes Windows 11 and a crystal clear display for streaming videos or putting together a presentation for work. You can even enjoy up to nine hours of battery life on a full charge giving you a full work day of uninterrupted use.	

		The latest Sonic movie gets its video game moment in Sonic Shadow Generations and for a limited time you can score it for less than $50. You’ll be immersed into the Sega world as both modern and past Sonic team up to defeat Dr. Eggman and the Time Eater to save their respective timelines from destruction. 	

		Dress your ears up in a pair of these sleek over-ear headphones that are on sale for as little as $230. Not only are they discounted lower than the AirPod Max, but they come with just as good if not better audio quality. Built with six microphones, the headphones promise to deliver the ultimate noise-canceling capabilities while the foam and fabric finish make sure you’re head and ears are wrapped in total comfort that’s still chic to wear.	

		Walmart is treating new subscribers to 50% off Walmart+ for 12 months. The annual subscription gives you instant access to exclusive member-only benefits such as free shipping, early access to deals and free Paramount+.	

		Take advantage of Cyber Monday discounts to upgrade your Christmas decor like 67% off this artificial tree. It stands at 9 feet tall and comes with posable branches for a more realistic feel. Since it comes in multiple parts, you can easily break the tree down for compact storage.	

		Bob Marley’s family created House of Marley for musician-approved turntables that offer style and crisp playback with each spin. At 30% off, you can save more than $100 and enjoy its wireless setup and a built-in pre-amp switchtable. Its Bluetooth compatibility allows you to connect to your smart device and speakers for more control over your listening. 	

		Give your sweater collection a revamp with Madewell’s simple wool pullover sweater. It comes with a loose fit for a more relaxed look while the higher neckline can be worn alone or layered over a button-down for a more preppy appearance.	

		Petal & Pup wants to bring some sparkle to your outfit with these sequin pants that are on sale for a whopping 70% off. When on, you’ll notice a high-waist fit and subtle flare on the bottom to give it a more retro feel. The bottoms even come in a bold red if you’re looking to make a statement.	

		Sam Edelman’s bestselling combat boots are on sale for 58% off providing you extra savings and a utility-inspired outfit. Not only does the platform sole bring you additional height, but it comes with a smooth pebbled texture for added elegance and a zip closure on the side to make throwing them on quick and easy.	

Dyson’s Airwrap is at its lowest price yet for Cyber Monday giving you more than $100 off the special edition Strawberry pink shade. It’s become a hot ticket item for its ability to quickly style hair while using the latest in tech to smooth hair for a model-worthy appearance. You’ll even receive a variety of head attachments and a travel case for easy transport.	

ShopBillboard couldn’t help but mention Merit’s lip oil, which is an editor favorite not only for its lightweight feel, but ability to hydrate lips without leaving behind a sticky residue. The shade Cava Cava especially leaves behind a gorgeous pigmented color that won’t have you slathering layer after layer.	

		Another ShopBillboard favorite is Illiyoon’s hand lotion, which we’ve tested and are obsessed with. It has a thick texture to really envelop your skin in a protective and hydrating barrier. The K-beauty brand uses a scentless formula that’s ideal for anyone with sensitive skin while the plant-sourced ceramides within the ingredients help provide moisture for up to 72 hours.	

		Our Place has dropped the coveted Always Pan 2.0 to its lowest price yet in celebration of Cyber Monday. The cookware brand isn’t just Selena Gomez-approved, but its pan has garnered a devote following for its 10-in-1 design. Not only can it simply heat up ingredients, but its non-stick materials also act as a fry pan, steamer, skillet, sauté pan and saucepan (to name a few functions).	

		Purple is making sure you can treat your bed to a luxurious upgrade with more than $600 off the popular hybrid mattress. With its 4.7 star-rating, the mattress using flexible gel materials to absorb and adapt to your body while you sleep. Hot sleepers can take comfort in its temperature regulating materials that help keep you cool year-round using a breathable cushy foam.	

	For more gifting recommendations, check out ShopBillboard‘s roundups of the best celebrity-loved gifts, White Elephant gifts and where to buy Lady Gaga’s floral tights.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.