Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Gaga let news of her engagement to Polansky slip at the Paris Olympics.
July 19 2024, Published 8:06 p.m. ET
Lady Gaga and longtime beau Michael Polansky are still hot and heavy, but sources revealed to RadarOnline.com he's not a hit with her friends, who gripe the biz whiz is a control freak and far from a calming influence on the mega star. 
A source close to the pop diva claimed: "Behind the scenes, Gaga has become a more fragile person while dating Michael than at any other time."
Gaga has been romantically linked to Michael since 2019.
The 38-year-old singer has been stepping out with the 46-year-old businessman since 2019 — but according to an insider, the relationship has had its ups and downs.
The insider shared: "Everything in her career is going great, but this relationship has not been good for her and she and Michael spend a ton of her downtime together." 
The pandemic brought the couple closer together because it allowed Gaga to 'slow down', they said.
Prior to meeting her tech investor beau, the global superstar was in a five-year relationship with Chicago Fire actor Taylor Kinney, 42. Our source insisted her previous romance was a much better fit.
The source explained: "She has handed a ton of control of her schedule over to Michael, and that wasn't the case when she was dating Taylor." 
"She was in a much better place then."
Before Polansky, Gaga was engaged to 'Chicago Fire' star Taylor Kinney.
Although Gaga split with the small-screen hunk in 2016, she made no effort to hide her intense feelings for him years later when she talked about the Pennsylvania-born actor during a 2020 rally for Joe Biden, who was also born in that state. 
The songbird told the crowd: "I loved him so much; it just did not work out. But I still love my Pennsylvania guy." 
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free. 
Although she was quick to apologize to her entrepreneur beau for waxing poetic about her ex, our source pointed out she has struggled to get over the broken romance. 
The insider noted: "Taylor was just a much bigger softie than Michael and had a serious Prince Charming vibe. Gaga was severely wounded when that relationship ended, and she hasn't been the same since." 
Gaga and Michael Polansky have been dating since February 2020 and got engaged last summer.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
As previously reported, rumors flew in April that Gaga would marry Michael when she was spotted sporting a diamond on her ring finger, but our source suggested the love won't last. 
The tipster added: "One of the big reasons she's still with Michael is because he has won over her business team and her management, and they all support this relationship — for the time being." 
"But only a fool would predict she's going to spend the rest of her life with this guy."
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.