4-Year-Old Destroys 3,500-Year-Old Jug At A Museum (Photo by Scott Gries/Getty Images for The Franklin Mint)
A 4-year-old destroyed an ancient jug at a museum in Israel. How on earth is the family going to pay for it? Thankfully, they won't have to.
Toddlers are notoriously bulls in china shops. They have the ability to destroy homes in the blink of an eye. However, that's not all they're capable of destroying. This 4-year-old accidentally smashed a 3,500-year-old jar. While you'd think they'd be stuck up and super snobby about it, they're actually being very cool about everything!
I'm sure this isn't the first time a toddler accidentally caused some damage at the Hecht Museum in Israel. However, it's noteworthy not only because the kid broke an ancient jug that's around 3,500 years old--but for how the museum is handling the situation.
According to NBC News, the 3,500-year-old jar is from the Bronze Age and is dated from 2200 to 1500 B.C.E. and was designed to store and transport goods like olive oil and wine. By those numbers, it would mean it predated the Biblical kings Solomon and David! That's incredibly old and has to be significantly valuable. NBC News points out that the rare find was large and in tact which is not common.
NBC News reports that the child's father, Alex, says his son, "was curious about what was inside" and "pulled the jar slightly" and that's when it tipped from its stand falling to the ground and shattering into pieces. While damaging art and sculptures at museums appears to be a popular thing recently--this was not like those stories. This was, indeed, an accident. The museum seems to understand that toddlers are prone to accident and they're being good sports about it all. According to NBC News, Inbal Rivlin, the museum's general director, publicly invited the child and his family to return to the museum to see the jar restored. The family has reportedly accepted the offer and will be returning this weekend. That's great to hear because they could have banned the family or made them pay. Instead, doing something good like this might end up helping to bring more people into the museum!
You can see a before and after picture by clicking their respective links or by looking below. Yup, the 4-year-old destroyed it but sounds like it can be restored and the family will be able to see it back in its original shape soon! So cool of the museum to not freak out over this.
Oh, Chuck The Freak. Where would we be without you? The funny man often makes the Peep Show what it is. I can't imagine the show without his wit, comedy, and good looks.
To celebrate Chuck The Freak, we've found 5 of our favorite hilarious Chuck moments from The Peep Show. Check them out below!
Obviously, choosing 5 favorite Chuck moments was no easy feat. Seriously, I feel like every moment with Chuck The Freak is worthy of a highlight. So, it was a challenging task finding 5 of the most hilarious. However, it has been done. Blood, sweat, tears, and laughs went into the effort. Now, I think we have the ultimate list.
These videos are all vastly different. They cover different topics, but they all have one thing in common: they're hilarious. Better yet...they're hilarious because of Chuck The Freak. Of course, you can search through our YouTube page and find hilarious Peep Shows featuring great moments from Dave, funny Lisa moments, Andy, Jason, and Al. Actually, you might have missed it but we already covered the Best Of Andy Peep Show Videos. Definitely worth checking out sometime. Then, come back sometime to DaveAndChuckTheFreak.com where we will soon have Best Of Peep Show videos and lists available for every member of the show! Just give me a minute, I'm getting to it, I promise.
In the videos below, you'll see several different sides of Chuck The Freak. There's the sexual side, one about Chuck dying, some advice you could only get from Chuck The Freak, and one video where Chuck shares his dreams. Now, that's personal! However, there's no boundaries and nothing is off limit with Chuck The Freak. You know that!
Ready for the best of the best? Check out 5 hilarious Chuck The Freak moments below!
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a girl who was rescued from a pond by a heroic trooper. Dave thinks it's a story with a happy ending but the rest of the show doesn't think it was as uplifting as he made it out to be. Thanks to this video, we now know what it will sound like when Chuck dies. How does it sound? Well, pretty funny!
Dave & Chuck the Freak discuss special underwear for avoiding swamp crotch. Dave brings up an ad he saw for "stop-drip technology", and Chuck mentions a weird tip he learned online. In this Peep Show video, he shares his tips with you. What you do with the advise is totally up to you.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about some fans of Lady Gaga that are upset with her for being featured in a migraine advertisement. Then, Chuck says if he took a pill that was able to grow his dong and hair, he would be the face of it for free! Now, that's a product I could get behind! There are so many products that would be awesome to see Chuck endorse. The one true influencer.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about marijuana-infused aphrodisiacs emerging as a new love drug in New York and when Chuck the Freak uses the term 'sexually active' we learn that he no longer lives in 'Pound Town'. Things change as the years go by. At some point, Pound Town has to close down. When it happens? Nobody knows, but we're all going to get there eventually.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a video that was posted by Taryn Manning (an actress known for 'Orange is the New Black', '8 Mile, and 'Hustle & Flow') where she discusses performing orally on the backdoor of a married man and buying him a new boat. Naturally, this had to be discussed. The conversation led to some hilarious and iconic Chuck The Freak moments. Check out the video above! One of the best.
 [newsletter-signup label="Sign me for Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter!" description="Join now to receive the Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter. You'll get access to recaps of the best stories of the week, the Peep Show of the week, as well as weekly 'Street Bits' episodes, an uncensored Dave & Chuck the Freak exclusive, available only to subscribers." color="#000000" checkbox_content="By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time." logo="https://daveandchuckthefreak.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/114/2022/10/logo.png" subscription_attributes="list_dave_chuck_daily_download" subscription_id="d9e7fee0-47e7-4227-aa4e-de1b352047d4" ]

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!