E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			Trending:		
Hollywood has yet to return to pre-pandemic attendance levels and continues to be hampered by aftershocks from last year’s actors’ and writers’ strikes.  That means Fall’s film slate is a chance to get back to whatever normal might mean – as well as usher in the months’ long “awards season” where first-rate films and performances surface for attention, honors and respect.
For these upcoming theatrical highlights, all dates are subject to change,
“Blink Twice:” This thriller sees Channing Tatum’s billionaire invite a cocktail waitress (Naomie Ackie) to his private island. All too soon she wonders how to get out alive.
“The Crow:” Bill Skarsgård stars in this reboot of the original 1994 film about a dead musician revived for revenge.
“Beetlejuice Beetlejuice:” is back, 36 years after its 1988 original, as Tim Burton’s sequel once again stars Michael Keaton, Winona Ryder and Catherine O’Hara.
“My Old Ass” wonders what happens to a teen on a mushroom trip who encounters her 20-years-older self (Aubrey Plaza).
“Wolfs:” George Clooney and Brad Pitt reteam as “lone wolf” fixers who must somehow collaborate in this action comedy.
“Megalopolis:”  Frances Ford Coppola’s risk-taking epic, partly funded by the sale of his vineyards.
“Joker: Folie à Deux:” Joaquin Phoenix reprises his Oscar-winning DC comics role opposite Lady Gaga in what’s touted as an American musical psychological thriller.
“The Outrun”  Saoirse Ronan is a woman who abandons her London life to recharge among the wilds of Scotland’s Orkney Islands, her birthplace. Adapted from a bestselling memoir.
“Brothers” pairs Josh Brolin and Peter Dinklage as twins on a road trip that tests their sanity – and their ability to escape the law and a domineering mother.
“Bookworm:” Elijah Wood’s a long way from hobbits as a washed-up Vegas illusionist who reunites with his 11-year-old daughter for a mythological quest.
“Weekend in Taipei:” Luke Evans is a fierce DEA agent (is there any other kind?) rekindling romance amid the action. From the creators of “Taken” and “The Transporter.”
“Elevation:” Anthony Mackie, on a break from Captain America, joins two women to save an endangered lad in a supernatural thriller.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group