Mandy Taheri is a Newsweek reporter based in Brooklyn. She joined Newsweek as a reporter in 2024. You can get in touch with Mandy via email: m.taheri@newsweek.com. Languages: English, French
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
As millions of voters cast their ballots in a razor-tight presidential election on Tuesday, former President Donald Trump will join them, while Vice President Kamala Harris has already mailed in her absentee ballot.
The exceptionally tight race features very close margins in the seven key battleground states of Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Nevada, Arizona, Georgia, and North Carolina. Together, these states hold 93 Electoral College votes, with Pennsylvania holding the most at 19. They could tip the election to either candidate in the race to secure the 270 Electoral College votes needed to win.
Some forecasters have predicted a win for Trump, while others see Harris as more likely to secure the presidency.
As of Tuesday evening, 538's final forecast has Trump winning 49 out of 100 times, with Harris winning 50 out of 100 time. Nate Silver's Silver Bulletin's forecast also has Harris winning.
Here's what we know about the presidential hopefuls' plans on Election Day.
Newsweek reached out to the Trump and Harris campaigns for comment and confirmation via email on Saturday.
Harris, who is from California, has voted absentee via mail. Her home state, which carries 54 Electoral College votes, is heavily favored to vote blue this year as it has in the past 36 years.
Harris' running mate, Minnesota Governor Tim Walz, already cast his ballot in person in his state during early voting. President Joe Biden also voted in person last week in his home state of Delaware.
We just early voted. Now it's your turn.https://t.co/uyNRZrYcpq pic.twitter.com/h73t8MdFEp
Harris is hosting a watch party at her alma mater, Howard University, in Washington, D.C. The District of Columbia, with its three electoral votes, is still expected to support the Democratic candidate as it has in every presidential election.
A Newsweek reporter at the watch party stated that around 10 p.m. EST, the mood was upbeat. Howard University President Ben Vinson III spoke to thousands of attendees on the main quad on campus.
Despite previously stating he would vote early, Trump cast his ballot Tuesday in Palm Beach, Florida, along with his wife, Melania. This election cycle, he has urged Americans to vote early even as he continues to make remarks casting doubt on the electoral process.
Florida boasts 30 electoral votes, and has an electoral history of a swing state, with President Barack Obama winning the state twice, and Trump winning it back in 2016 and 2020. Trump is favored to win in the state this year too.
Trump's running mate, Ohio Senator JD Vance, cast his vote in Cincinnati on Election Day.
Last week, Trump's campaign announced it will host an election watch party at Palm Beach Convention Center, not at the former president's Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida.
Harris's pick to set up her campaign headquarters for Election Night at her alma mater, Howard University, was likely deliberate.
The Vice President graduated from the historic Black university in D.C.in 1986, with a bachelor's degree in political science and economics. While taking classes, Harris was a member of the elite Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority.
A Newsweek reporter in D.C. reported that thousands of people appeared at the headquarters in the afternoon.
Update 11/5/24, 11 a.m. ET: This article has been updated to say that JD Vance voted on Tuesday.
Update 11/5/24, 12:34 p.m. ET: This article has been updated to say that Donald Trump voted on Tuesday. 
Update 11/6/24, 12:20 a.m. ET: This article has been updated to say that Donald Trump voted on Tuesday.
Mandy Taheri is a Newsweek reporter based in Brooklyn. She joined Newsweek as a reporter in 2024. You can get in touch with Mandy via email: m.taheri@newsweek.com. Languages: English, French
Mandy Taheri is a Newsweek reporter based in Brooklyn. She joined Newsweek as a reporter in 2024. You can get in touch with Mandy via email: m.taheri@newsweek.com. Languages: English, French
Mandy Taheri is a Newsweek reporter based in Brooklyn. She joined Newsweek as a reporter in 2024. You can get                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC