Red Hot Chili Peppers, Billie Eilish and Snoop Dogg are set to perform during the Closing Ceremony of the 2024 Paris Olympics.The news was first reported by Variety, which notes the three acts all call Los Angeles, the site of the 2028 Summer Olympics, their home. It is typical that the closing ceremony of the Olympics features a nod of some sort to the next host city. The Chili Peppers, Eilish and Snoop also reflect the diverse music history of Los Angeles, both past and present. With the 2028 LA Olympic Games about three years and 11 months away, it wouldn't be shocking that organizers are already trying to tentatively book certain acts for a show-stopping Opening and Closing Ceremony.As far as how the performances will take place, Variety reports all three artists will be seen from LA in either a live or pre-taped capacity. (There was no indication on which artists would be live or pre-taped.) The location of the live performance is undisclosed for security reasons, and this decision was made even before the thwarted terrorist attack plot on Taylor Swift's shows in Vienna this week. The musical performances, however, will have a perfect "opening act," if you will. Variety says Tom Cruise, who has been spotted taking in a number of events at the Paris Olympics, will take part in an epic stunt that will see the actor riding on a motorcycle throughout Paris. After that, there will be a cut to a prerecorded video package where Cruise will drop via parachute down next to the famous Hollywood sign.Hopefully, the organizers of the 2028 LA Olympic Games were taking notes during the 2024 Paris Olympic Games. Their Opening Ceremony caused quite a stir, both for positive and negative reasons. Aside from the initial "Last Supper" controversy, which was later clarified to be a depiction of the Greek god Dionysus, the Opening Ceremony featured something for everyone, from references to the beheading of Marie Antionette to a triumphant performance of "Hymne A L'Amour" by Celine Dion to a plot line that led to a ménage à trois. (This is France, after all.) Of course, considering how the Seine was utilized during the Opening Ceremony led to many jokes about how Los Angeles could cook up their own version. One X (formerly Twitter) user quipped, "For the LA Olympics, they should just parade everyone on the 405." Sure, this would make LA's notorious traffic somehow even worse, but it's still a good joke, and we're confident organizers will undoubtedly make the 2028 Summer Olympics special.
Summer Olympics 2024 is officially in full swing in Paris following an Opening Ceremony for the ages.Seriously, this Opening Ceremony had something for everyone, and get ready for us to do our best Stefon: -Can-Can dancers.-Lady Gaga.-A surprising sub-plot in the overall ceremony's narrative that involved a ménage à trois.-References to the beheading of Marie Antionette, which led into a performance from French metal band Gojira.
-A buttload of rain.-Priceless artwork from the Louvre coming to life.-A silver horse galloping across the Seine in majestic glory.
-A catwalk from out of nowhere highlighting France's club scene and the country's influence on fashion.-A brief performance from Les Misérables.
And then, as if things couldn't get any more over-the-top, Celine Dion delivers a stunning performance of Edith Piaf's "Hymne A L'Amour" from inside of the Eifle Tower. The legendary singer has been battling stiff-person syndrome, which is a condition that impacts the central nervous system. This condition has affected Dion's ability to sing. She revealed her diagnosis in December 2022, stopped performing and made very few public appearances while she sought treatment to return to performing. Even once the Olympic cauldron is extinguished, people will still be talking about this triumphant moment.
Now that we've gone through all of our tissues from happy-crying about Celine, it's time to get down to business and talk about the athletes.This 2024 Opening Ceremony was very unique for the above reasons, but also because it saw the Parade of Nations actually make their way down the Seine in boats of all sizes. Some small countries had a small boat to themselves. Oftentimes, there were multiple countries sharing a boat, while countries with large delegations had massive boats just for their athletes. Regardless of boat size, pretty much every athlete got drenched by the pouring rain throughout the entire Opening Ceremony. However, the rain didn't seem to dampen the moods of the athletes. In fact, Kelly Clarkson commented, "Everyone is killing that wet look. Just sayin’!"Now, because of the rain, this led to many of the athletes to wear clear plastic rain ponchos over their Opening Ceremony outfits, which had to be a bit of a bummer. (It certainly got in the way of checking out all of the various team outfits.) However, this also made us take a closer look at the fashion choices of each nation, and it's led to our very serious (wink-wink) assessment of the best and worst fashion choices from the Summer Olympics 2024 Opening Ceremony. Enjoy!
Mauritius' team cheers as they move down the Seine River in Paris, France, during the opening ceremony of the 2024 Summer Olympics, Friday, July 26, 2024. (AP Photo/Morry Gash, Pool)
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!