We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
The week's biggest movie news.
It's been another busy week for movies as we leave summer behind and enter the festival season. 
From first trailers for Amy Adams' Nightbitch and the Minecraft movie and first reviews for Joker: Folie à Deux from Venice, there's been a lot going on and we don't blame you if you missed some of it. 
If you're heading for a cinema trip this weekend, the biggest release this week is Beetlejuice Beetlejuice, the anticipated sequel to Tim Burton's beloved classic. You can still catch other recently released movies like Alien: Romulus and Blink Twice.
If you're staying home though, Netflix has some great additions too, and of course, you can check out the very best the streamer has to offer with our lists of best thrillers, best comedies, best horror movies, best action movies and best family movies.  
While you decide what you're watching this weekend, here's the biggest movie news you might have missed this week.
Just like its predecessor, Joker: Folie à Deux might become one of the most divisive movies of the year. At least, that's what the first reviews suggest. 
The eagerly-awaited DC sequel held its world premiere at Venice International Film Festival, receiving some strong first reactions. Empire described it as "scrappier and stranger", while the BBC wrote it was "a disappointing film".
Following the events of Joker, Arthur Fleck (Joaquin Phoenix) is institutionalised at Arkham and awaiting trial for his crimes. As he struggles with his dual identity, Arthur meets Lee Quinzel (Lady Gaga) and finds the music that's always been inside him. 
Amy Adams is back with Nightbitch, and this week we got to see the movie's first trailer. 
Based on the 2021 novel by Rachel Yoder, the movie sees Adams take on the role of a suburban mother who undergoes a dramatic transformation – she thinks she is turning into a dog. 
"Motherhood changes you. It connects you to some primal urges," one character tells the mother in the trailer. 
The movie is written and directed by Marielle Heller, and also stars Scoot McNairy, Mary Holland, Zoë Chao, Jessica Harper, Darius De La Cruz, Archana Rajan, Ella Thomas, Stacey Swift, Adrienne Rose White, and Roslyn Gentle.
Following its world premiere at the Telluride Film Festival, Ralph Fiennes' new thriller Conclave has debuted with a rare 100% Rotten Tomatoes rating. 
Set in the Vatican City, the thriller follows Cardinal Lawrence (Fiennes), a leading figure in the Catholic Church who is tasked with selecting a new Pope following the unexpected death of the previous one. As some of the Church's most powerful leaders are locked together in the Vatican halls, a growing conspiracy comes to light.
Starring the Harry Potter actor and Inside Man's Stanley Tucci, the movie has proved to be a hit with critics, with first reviews leading to a perfect score on the movie review aggregator site.
Back to Black will soon be available to watch on Netflix in the UK, as it was announced this week. Following its digital release last May, the movie will be added to Netflix in the UK and Ireland on September 12.
In the US, Back to Black is available to stream on Peacock for all subscribers. You can also rent or buy the movie from Prime Video, among other digital retailers.
Directed by Sam Taylor-Johnson, the controversial Amy Winehouse biopic sees Marisa Abela play the iconic British singer-songwriter, as she meets and falls in love with Blake Fielder-Civil.  
Jason Momoa and Jack Black star in the first-ever Minecraft movie, which has released its first trailer this week. 
Titled A Minecraft Movie, the teaser has given fans a first glimpse at the video game adaptation, including fan-favourite creatures such as Piglins.
The movie follows characters Garrison (Momoa), Henry (Sebastian Hansen), Natalie (Wednesday's Emma Myers) and Dawn (Peacemaker's Danielle Brooks) as they are "suddenly pulled through a mysterious portal into the Overworld: a bizarre, cubic wonderland that thrives on imagination".
If you fell in love with him in Netflix's hit series One Day and The White Lotus season 2, we have good news for you — Leo Woodall has landed his next lead movie role.
Woodall has signed on to star opposite acting veteran Dustin Hoffman in new crime thriller Tuner, from director Daniel Roher. The film follows a piano tuner who learns that his skills could be used in the crime world for cracking safes. 
Written by Oscar winner Roher with Robert Ramsey, production on Tuner will take place in Canada.
There has also been some bad news this week! Riverdale's Camila Mendes has exited the upcoming reboot of '90s horror I Know What You Did Last Summer.
The actor was set to be one of the leads of the revived film series, but has had to pull out due to a scheduling conflict. Mendes is starring in the Masters of the Universe reboot, which is set to be a big production and has likely been the reason why she couldn't stay in the project. 
It's still unknown who will be Mendes' replacement. 
Mireia (she/her) has been working as a movie and TV journalist for over eight years. Based in the UK, she is a former deputy movies editor at Digital Spy, and previously worked for the Spanish magazine Fotogramas. Mireia's work has been published in other outlets such as Esquire and Elle in Spain, and WeLoveCinema and GamesRadar+ in the UK. She is also a published author, having written the essay Biblioteca Studio Ghibli: Nicky, la aprendiz de bruja about Hayao Miyazaki's Kiki's Delivery Service.
 During her years as a freelance journalist and film critic, Mireia has covered festivals around the world and has interviewed high-profile talents such as Kristen Stewart, Ryan Gosling, Jake Gyllenhaal and many more. She's also taken part in juries such as the FIPRESCI jury at Venice Film Festival and the short film jury at Kingston International Film Festival in London.    LinkedIn
Re-imagined 80s crime drama confirms return for s2
10 huge EastEnders spoilers for next week
10 huge Emmerdale spoilers for next week
Best Star Wars LEGO sets to buy
Thunderbolts review: A terrific MCU throwback
Avatar 3: Everything you need to know
Has Back in Action 2 been confirmed by Netflix?
A Simple Favour ending explained
All you need to know about Saw 11
Anatomy of a Fall ending explained
Hollyoaks' Dodger at breaking point in 20 pictures
Corrie exit and Mick's new targets in 29 pictures
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.