JOIN CLUB 
“Can you bring me over some lube?” I’ve sent this text to friends a few times, but it’s not what you think it is. I had run out of lube… halfway through getting dressed.
When we think of lube, we think of sex. But for those of us who wear a lot of latex, lubricant is also a key part of slipping on and positioning the clothing with ease. That’s why legendary latex designer Atsuko Kudo is now launching a silicone-based lube called Dressing for Pleasure.
Kudo has long been bridging the gap between sex dungeons and red carpets. Established in 2001, her clothing and accessories company has dressed everyone from Lady Gaga (including when she met Queen Elizabeth) to Beyoncé, Madonna and Rihanna. “I always felt that even though latex was so often only considered a fabric related to the world of fetish, it could just as much be considered a fabric to be used in fashion,” Atsuko Kudo tells me. “Having said that, the sensual element never escaped me, so in many ways I am fetishistic about it.”
Dressing for Pleasure is Atsuko Kudo’s first foray into the world of sexual wellness. Having worked with lubricants on a daily basis for many years – to perfect the accuracy and fit of the latex designs – the team became obsessed with finding the best lube out there. “There were always elements we felt could be improved, so eventually we decided we would produce our own lube, which would be perfect for our very special and specific purposes,” says Kudo. The result is a silicone-based lube – water-based formulas don’t work well with latex – designed for slipping on outfits, as well as its more traditional uses. “It is a very smooth, light and luxurious lubricant and so it also complements condoms to enhance personal pleasure exploration.”
Wearing latex is a statement. Stylist Kurt Johnson is not one to shy away from statements, and often incorporates latex and fetishware into his work. “The smell of latex and leather was intoxicating,” he tells me of walking into a fetish store at 16, after seeing Lady Gaga in latex all over Tumblr. Johnson explains how the appeal of latex extends beyond simply the aesthetic. “It’s like the horniest, most comforting hug you’ve ever received in your life. It looks as good as it feels. It unearths a part of me that has no inhibitions, that acts upon intuition and desire.” 
Capturing the paradoxical nature of human sexual desire and the innate nature of taboo, latex is at once clinical, restrictive, skin-like and sensual. Gemma Pickerill, the designer of Soft Skin Latex, says, “Latex clings to the body forming a second skin, warming to your body heat, sticking to your sweat. It’s a very sensory experience. The material seems to have a life of its own, inviting you to touch it.” 
The AK lube arrives in a sleek black box with campaign imagery that features a dripping neo-noir orchid, reminiscent of the transgressive works of queer icon Robert Mapplethorpe, which isn’t surprising seeing as Atsuko asked the photographer to create “an artistic cum shot”. The lube has a unique “Tongari” (meaning pointy in Japanese) applicator tip designed for controlled and accurate application. “Remember: a small amount goes a long way,” says Kudo. “You don’t want the garments to feel as though they’re floating in lube.”
The campaign imagery also pays homage to latex as an intrinsically important part of queer identity. “Fetish and queer culture are intertwined, both representing those on the fringes of society seeking sexual freedom and expression,” Pickerill explains. “The history of the fetish community is intrinsically linked with being queer,” Johnson adds, “Fetish gear in my work is an extension of myself – it expresses not only me and who I am but the parts of me that came before me.”
I decided to test the lube on one of my own latex items: a halterneck corset that last saw the inside of Berghain. I go with the latter and, after slathering AK lube on the inside of my corset for comfort and the outside for high-octane shine, I head out to dinner. Feeling silky smooth like a newborn seal, my latex top stays seamlessly skintight and sexy all night long. “We considered all possible scenarios that might occur when dressing and undressing latex clothing,” Kudo says, finally. “And we believe the end product fits them all perfectly.”