We all want to have hair that's as luscious, long and glossy as the celebrities we see on our television and all over social media - thankfully, it's more achievable than you may think. That's because the celeb stylist approved Olaplex Hair Perfector No. 3 is currently on sale for £20.70, knocking £7.30 off its usual price tag.
The vegan treatment is beloved by A-listers and their stylists alike because it not only claims to hit the reset button on 'chemically fried strands' leaving them silky-smooth but helps to strengthen hair by reducing breakage. It contains active ingredients that delve deep into your locks at a cellular level to repair damaged bonds.
Olaplex's Hair Perfector No.3 is designed be used once a week before shampooing - or you can use it as an overnight leave-in treatment like Kim Kardashian. It's also available on Lookfantastic for £25.20 if you subscribe. The product has been hailed as "magic in a bottle" thanks to its Original Bond Builder System, a patented technology that helps leave hair feeling stronger.
Read more: Sophie Habboo's figure-skimming jumpsuit from Coast has price slashed by over 50%
Read more: I tried £13 cream loved by Michelle Keegan and Lady Gaga and now I can’t live without it
One beauty buff revealed how it transformed their damaged hair and said: "My hair was dry, brittle and felt like straw. I didn't dare do anything with it, in case heat or the like made it worse. I have tried all the deep conditioners and hair masks, they just made my hair greasy and the effects disappeared after I washed my hair again.
"After one treatment with Olaplex, it was already easier to brush, and after three, my hair was soft and had that fresh hair cut hair feeling. I cannot praise this product enough. I put it on in the morning, pop on a shower cap and go about my day, then wash it out in the evening." They added how it was an "actual miracle".
Many may be skeptical over whether it can truly save damaged hair, but one reviewer, who gave the product five stars, shared their experience and said: "Last year I had a hair disaster. The hairdresser left bleach on my hair for too long and it snapped and started falling out. With already fine hair it's safe to say I spent many days crying. My hair was so, so dry. A new hairdresser told me about Olaplex so I bought no3 along with the shampoo and condition and no6. I applied no3 once every 3 days along with argan oil and the transformation bit by bit was unreal. It really did work!.. absolutely amazing stuff!"
While the results have been praised incredibly for being a 'holy grail for hair repair', one thing reviewers say could be improved is the scent of the product, with one saying: "They could work on the smell but anyone with damage has to use this".
If you've tried and tested Olaplex and haven't quite got the same results, elsewhere beauty fans are loving the K18 Leave In Molecular Repair Hair Mask, which costs £70 at Cult Beauty for a 50ml bottle. For curly girls looking to give their hair a bit of a boost, Curlsmith's Bond Curl Rehab Salve is £25 at Lookfantastic for a 237ml bottle.
Get Olaplex Hair Perfector No. 3 on sale at Sephora for £20.70 here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.