The Netflix hit series “Wednesday” is coming back for Season 2.
The hit show, directed by iconic filmmaker Tim Burton, is gaining significant buzz as fans have been waiting for a second season.
The first season, which premiered Nov. 23, 2022, was a massive success, earning four Emmy awards and is one of Netflix’s biggest hit streaming series.
Production for “Wednesday” Season 2 began in May 2024 and is expected to wrap up this month, according to The Economic Times.
Here’s what else you need to know about “Wednesday” Season 2.
The second season of “Wednesday” will continue to follow Wednesday Addams, the only teenage daughter of the Addams Family, as she attends Nevermore Academy and the supernatural mysteries she encounters as a student.
Fans will find out what happens to Tyler Galpin (Hunter Doohan), Wednesday’s love interest and the Hyde monster terrorizing the town of Jericho controlled by Laurel Gates (Christina Ricci), who was previously believed to be dead. She was originally going by her alias Marilyn Thornhill, Nevermore’s botany science teacher, to conceal her true villainous plan to resurrect her family’s ancestor and Pilgrim leader, Joseph Crackstone, to eliminate all outcasts.
They’ll also find out if Gates is actually dead after Wednesday foiled her plans and beat her in an epic boss fight. 
If you’re looking for a more in-depth recap, you can watch this video here:
Fans waiting for the series to return will have to wait a few more months.
“Wednesday” Season 2 is predicted to debut in September 2025. 
However, Netflix has not yet announced an exact premiere date, according to The Economic Times.
Jenna Ortega will reprise her role as the main character, Wednesday Addams.
Several cast members will return to reprise their roles, as well. But there are also many exciting new cast members, including one from the “Addams Family” universe making a major comeback.
Here are the other cast members in “Wednesday” Season 2:
Click here to see a trailer featuring some of the new members of the cast.
“Wednesday” Season 2 is being filmed on location in Ireland, according to Netflix’s Tudum. 
The first season was entirely filmed in Romania due to its gothic and medieval architecture that helps give the show its creepy and vintage vibe, according to Screen Rant.
However, due to “logistical challenges the crew faced during filming” Netflix decided to move production to Ireland, according to MovieWeb.
You can watch “Wednesday” Season 2 exclusively on Netflix.
Season 1 is still available to watch so you can catch up on all the spooky and kooky action before Season 2 premieres next year.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Katherine Rodriguez can be reached at krodriguez@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices