Perhaps you recall Natalie Portman’s Oscar-winning performance as Nina Sayers in Black Swan, a film all over last year’s balletcore moodboards. Now, Addison Rae is offering her own take on the white swan at the 2024 MTV VMAs—albeit with a Vegas showgirl spin.
Rae put her toned abs on display on the VMAs carpet at the UBS Stadium in New York, opting for a white satin bra and panty set lined with scalloped trim from Miss Claire Sullivan, and styled by Dara. But thanks to some tulle and feathers, Rae took the look from the bedroom to the stage: She added a voluminous tulle bustle that fanned out behind her like a swan and feathers that emerged from her bra and bustle.
Rae kept accessories simple, adding only a pair of white peep-toe satin pumps, a white hair barrette, and a belly-button piercing to match.
And where better to wear an outré look than at the VMAs, where Lil’ Kim once wore her single lavender nipple pasty and Lady Gaga hit the carpet in her meat dress? While Addison Rae has a bona fide pop-star wardrobe, from her Jean Paul Gaultier bullet bra to the Vivienne Westwood platforms she wore to grab coffee in Los Angeles, this may very well be her boldest outfit yet.
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty