Quentin Tarantino has never been afraid to express his opinion. Tarantino’s latest statement is about Joker: Folie à Deux, the much-maligned sequel. Not only did Tarantino love the movie but he cited Joaquin’s Phoenix acting in Joker 2 as “one of the best performances” he’s ever seen in his life.
“I really, really liked it, really. A lot. Like, tremendously, and I went to see it expecting to be impressed by the filmmaking,” Tarantino said in an interview on The Bret Easton Ellis Podcast. “But I thought it was going to be an arms-length, intellectual exercise that ultimately I wouldn’t think worked like a movie, but that I would appreciate it for what it is. And I’m just nihilistic enough to kind of enjoy a movie that doesn’t quite work as a movie or that’s like a big, giant mess to some degree. And I didn’t find it an intellectual exercise. I really got caught up into it. I really liked the musical sequences.”
Tarantino might be one of the lone voices expressing support for Joker 2. The sequel to 2019’s Joker will likely be the biggest box office flop of the year. With a $201 million gross against a $190 million budget, Joker: Folie à Deux will reportedly lose between $150 million and $200 million for Warner Bros. Joker 2 has a D on CinemaScore. For comparison, Madame Web has a C+.
While Joker drew comparisons to Taxi Driver, Tarantino compared Joker: Folie à Deux to Natural Born Killers. Tarantino, who wrote the script for Natural Born Killers, loved that Phoenix’s Arthur Fleck and Lady Gaga’s Lee Quinzel resembled Woody Harrelson’s Mickey Knox and Juliette Lewis’ Mallory Wilson Knox.  
Tarantino also praised Joker 2 director Todd Phillips, saying he embodied Arthur Fleck’s spirit behind the camera.
“Todd Phillips is the Joker. The Joker directed the movie,” Tarantino added. “The entire concept, even him spending the studio’s money — he’s spending it like the Joker would spend it, all right? And then his big surprise gift — haha! — the jack-in-the-box, when he offers you his hand for a handshake and you get a buzzer with 10,000 volts shooting you — is the comic book geeks. He’s saying f— you to all of them. He’s saying f— you to the movie audience. He’s saying f— you to Hollywood. He’s saying f— you to anybody who owns any stock at DC and Warner Brothers […] And Todd Phillips is the Joker. Un film de Joker, all right, is what it is. He is the Joker.”
Joker: Folie à Deux is in theaters and available on digital services for purchase.

Please enable Javascript to view this content

Joker: Folie à Deux has officially fallen farther than any other comic book movie in at least one noteworthy metric.
The hype surrounding the once highly anticipated sequel to 2019's Joker has been on a steady decline ever since the initial, lukewarm reactions to it started to come following its world premiere at the Venice International Film Festival in early September. A month later, the film has received largely negative reviews from both critics and casual viewers alike. It is also expected to fall short in its first weekend of its predecessor's $96 million box office opening.
Love it or hate it, 2019's Joker was a global phenomenon. Todd Phillips' origin story for Arthur Fleck (Joaquin Phoenix), aka the Joker, became a critical success — it won two Oscars and one Golden Lion — and a financial juggernaut with a worldwide gross of over $1 billion. Five years later, Phillips and Phoenix reteamed for the sequel, Joker: Folie à Deux, while also recruiting the services of Lady Gaga to play Harley Quinn.
Like its predecessor, Joker 2 will be extremely polarizing. Folie à Deux has already received more negative reviews than Joker, and its box office haul will be significantly less than the billion-dollar mark reached by its predecessor. However, there will still inevitably be many fans of the agent of chaos. If you're looking for more films like Joker 2, try one of these three movies below.
Nightcrawler (2014)
Joker: Folie à Deux | Tickets Now On Sale
He's as maniacal as they come, and he's always eager to give Batman a bad day. In the long history of Batman in comics, the Joker has been equally popular as the Dark Knight. He's the ultimate villain, one who thrives on corrupting the incorruptible. Even when facing the possibility of meeting his end at the hands of a crook or heroic vigilante, his delight in spreading violence and chaos never wanes.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.