The rock field at the Grammys has given us some of the show’s most memorable winners, whether they're critically acclaimed industry faves like Boygenius, Brandi Carlile and Fiona Apple, or big commercial powerhouses like Imagine Dragons and Foo Fighters. This year’s lineup is quite competitive, with multiple previous winners and nominees vying for noms alongside breakthrough critics picks. With last year’s victories for Paramore and Boygenius, it looked like the voters were starting to skew younger and fall more in line with critics. Will that stay the same this year?
There are three alternative contenders that you can count on popping up in the Best Rock Performance and/or Best Rock Song categories. First is Brittany Howard, who has won Best Rock Song twice, and could be gunning for a third win with her hit “What Now,” which topped triple A radio. Howard is a field favorite, and is going into the nominations with one of her biggest hits ever, so it’s hard to see her being snubbed.
Likewise, you can bet on Vampire Weekend, who have received Grammys for their past two albums, especially with the massively positive reception of their new album, "Only God Was Above Us." In the rock field, they are competing with the track “Gen-X Cops,” which should at least sneak into Best Rock Song. Similarly, St. Vincent has picked up Best Rock Song before (in addition to two Best Alternative Music Album trophies). The singer-songwriter is up for her hit “Broken Man,” which you can expect somewhere on the list, most likely Best Rock Song.
Some previous nominees are also returning. There’s alt-rock band Idles, who will be competing in rock with their album "Tangk." The album contains the single “Gift Horse,” a hopeful for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance. The Black Crowes’ "Happiness Bastards" was a critical hit this season, so they might be in for that, or for their single “Wanting and Waiting.” Another strong contender is Gary Clark Jr., whom you might remember winning both Best Rock Performance and Best Rock Song for “This Land” in 2020. This year he’s competing with his critically acclaimed album "JPEG Raw," which includes the single “Maktub.”
Black Pumas have not won a Grammy yet, but they are consistent nominees in the field, so expect their latest album, "Chronicles of a Diamond," to net a Best Rock Performance nomination for their single “Ice Cream.” The album itself is competing not in rock, though, but in Best Progressive R&B Album.
Also consistent nominees are The Black Keys, who have won before. This year they are being considered for their 12th studio album, "Ohio Players," in Best Rock Album. The album includes the hit “Beautiful People (Stay High),” which is a shoo-in for Best Rock Performance and Best Rock Song, being a five-week number-one on triple A radio and a chart-topper as well on alternative radio.
And speaking of previous winners, there is Cage the Elephant, two-time winners for Best Rock Album, and up again this year for "Neon Pill." The album includes two alt radio number-ones: the title track, up in the alternative categories, and “Rainbow,” up for Best Rock Performance and Best Rock Song.
There are some veterans in contention too. The Beatles are gunning for a win with their hit “Now and Then,” which is being campaigned to voters as “the last Beatles song.” This tactic will surely compel a lot of them to honor the legendary band, but the song is also successful enough to win on its merits. It entered the Hot 100’s top 10 in its debut week, and topped triple A radio for two weeks.
There’s also U2, who have made a comeback with their hit “Atomic City.” The band are perennial favorites of the academy, with multiple general field victories. The song was also a triple A chart-topper and did well on alternative and mainstream rock radio.
Green Day’s “Dilemma” is also a player, a number-one hit on both alternative (with a whopping eight weeks) and mainstream rock airplay charts. The band have been previously nominated and won in the rock field, although their last nomination was a decade ago.
And of course, The Rolling Stones are back with "Hackney Diamonds," in contention for Best Rock Album. It includes the already Grammy-nominated hit “Angry” as well as the Lady Gaga-assisted “Sweet Sounds of Heaven,” up for Best Rock Performance and Best Rock Song.
Finally, there are some newer names to the Grammy convo we should consider. Perhaps the buzziest is the all-female band The Last Dinner Party with their critically acclaimed debut "Prelude to Ecstasy." The album has notched multiple radio hits like “Nothing Matters” and “Sinner.” There’s also the Jack Antonoff side project Bleachers, whose self-titled album was one of the biggest in rock this year, especially with the hit “Modern Girl.”
Another highly acclaimed artist is Mannequin Pussy, whose album "I Got Heaven" was lauded by most publications. It could be a passion pick in Best Rock Album, and could get the title track nominated as well. Last but not least, Nigerian rock band Mdou Moctar has perhaps the most acclaimed rock album of the season with "Funeral for Justice." Although it is competing in the Best Global Album category, they are in the running for Best Rock Performance and Rock Song for the title track, which would be an inspired nomination.
My final rock field Grammy predictions:
Best Rock Performance
The Beatles, “Now and Then”
The Black Keys, “Beautiful People (Stay High)”
Black Pumas, “Ice Cream Man (Pay Phone)”
Brittany Howard, “What Now”
Vampire Weekend, “Gen-X Cops”
Best Rock Song
“Atomic City” (U2)
“Broken Man” (St. Vincent)
“Dilemma” (Green Day)
“Gen-X Cops” (Vampire Weekend)
“What Now” (Brittany Howard)
Best Rock Album
The Black Keys, "Ohio Players"
Cage the Elephant, "Neon Pill"
Gary Clark Jr., "JPEG Raw"
Idles, "Tangk"
The Last Dinner Party, "Prelude to Ecstasy"
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media