High-rolling Texas attorney Thomas J.Henry lavished an estimated $3 million on flying friends and staffers out to the Super Bowl.
The personal injury lawyer — known for throwing extravagant parties with big name performers — hired two private jets for pals to get to Las Vegas for Super Bowl LVIII for pals and treated them to a $3,000-a-night stay at the Four Seasons hotel.
Henry, 59, then laid on a lavish spread in a $2.5 million suite at Allegiant stadium as guests watched the Kansas City Chiefs defeat the San Francisco 49ers Sunday 25-22.
A butler brought out platters of sushi, wagyu tenderloin, chicken and waffles, oversized shrimp cocktail and crab fried rice.
Security was super tight — especially with Taylor Swift just a few boxes away — and suite guests had to go through two levels of security.
But once there, they were just seats away from Lady Gaga and Beyoncé, who revealed the launch of her new country album Super Bowl Sunday.
The suite was the culmination of a huge weekend: Henry also bought out tables at nightclub LIV at the Fontainebleu Hotel and XS at the Wynn, sources told Page Six.
This is all nothing new for Henry, who has represented the victims of Travis Scott’s Astroworld concert. 
 back in 2018 he celebrated his firm’s 25th anniversary with a $10 million party featuring performances from Maroon 5 and Enrique Iglesias.
That same year he threw himself a $4.5 million 65th birthday bash in Miami with CardiB and DJ Khaled – and Tekashi 6ix9ine performed for just 90 guests in a private room at 1Oak in Manhattan for his ex wife.
We also told how Nick Jonas and Pitbull performed at his daughter Maya’s $6 million quinceañera.
Henry – a 49ers fan, for the record – was joined by his son Thomas and girlfriend Evelin Crossland in the box.
“The Super Bowl is a fantastic experience all around. From the game to the halftime show to the crowd, I can’t think of any other event that matches the energy of the Super Bowl’s energy – especially for the first time in Las Vegas,” he told Page Six.
“The weekend is made even better by the fact that I am able to share it with some of my firm’s most dedicated attorneys who do so much for our clients and their families.”
Advertisement