By 

	Elsa Keslassy

International Correspondent

Celine Dion looks set to make her return to the stage at the Olympic Games, and it’s rumored to be during the opening ceremony on Friday. It will mark the pop legend’s first performance since halting her touring schedule and stepping away from the spotlight after being diagnosed with Stiff Person Syndrome in December 2022.

	Dion arrived in Paris on Monday at the Royal Monceau hotel near the Champs-Élysées, where Lady Gaga, another potential opening ceremony headliner, is also staying. Specific details about Dion’s performance are being kept under wraps.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			














	
		
					Robert De Niro Shares 'Love and Support' for His Daughter Airyn After She Comes Out as Transgender: 'I Don't Know What the Big Deal Is'		
			








	Representatives for Dion did not immediately respond to Variety‘s request for comment.




			Popular on Variety		






	The Canadian singer teased that a comeback may be imminent in an April interview with Vogue France, in which she said: “I’ve chosen to work with all my body and soul, from head to toe, with a medical team. I want to be the best I can be. My goal is to see the Eiffel Tower again!” 

	She also said she was working every day to get stronger. “For four years I’ve been saying to myself that I’m not going back, that I’m ready, that I’m not ready… As things stand, I can’t stand here and say to you: ‘Yes, in four months,’” she said. “I don’t know… My body will tell me,” Dion told Vogue France.

	It turns out that she may indeed be performing in front of the famous Parisian landmark, as the opening ceremony will take place in the shape of a nautical parade along the Seine, culminating near the Trocadero, facing the Eiffel Tower. The ceremony, which will take place outside of a stadium for the first time in history, will showcase Paris’ iconic locations and bring together 3,500 actors, dancers and musical performers. 

	Dion is no stranger to the Olympics. She kicked off the Olympic Games in Atlanta in 1996, singing “The Power of the Dream.” The ceremony was watched by a record 3.5 billion people around the world. 

	The famed performer also recently voiced a video for Canadian Olympians called “L’invincible courage,” along with Michael J. Fox.
The Business of Entertainment