“She was smiling and laughing all night,” an insider tells PEOPLE of the intimate gathering to celebrate the singer
The Hollywood Curtain/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Lady Gaga was surrounded by loved ones on her special day!

 Earlier this week, the star celebrated her 38th birthday at Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica, California. The dinner was a low-key celebration with a posse of pals, as well as her longtime beau, Michael Polansky, who “let her shine,” a source tells PEOPLE. 

 According to the insider, Gaga arrived with Polansky and she “seemed great.”

 The singer sported an edgy, biker-chic ensemble, while Polansky was “dressed very casually,” the source notes.

 “They looked happy together,” they add. “He let her shine and made sure she had everything she needed.”

The Hollywood Curtain/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Gaga, Polanksy and “a small group of friends” celebrated the singer in a private room at Giorgio Baldi, where they enjoyed a prix fixe menu of the celebrity-favorite Italian spot’s specialities, including antipasti, pasta and steak, per the source.

 “She was smiling and laughing all night,” the insider tells PEOPLE of the intimate gathering, adding, “It was a fun celebration.”

 Gaga and Polansky have been linked since early 2020, when they were photographed kissing at a New Year's Eve party in Las Vegas. Shortly after, the couple went Instagram-official after spending a PDA-packed weekend together in Miami for the Super Bowl LIV.

 "They weren't shy about showing off PDA," an insider told PEOPLE of the trip at the time. "They seemed very happy together."

 In November 2021, a source told PEOPLE that despite how crazy she is about Polansky, Gaga is in no rush to get engaged to the businessman, noting that the pair “almost act like a married couple already.”

 "When they are together, it's obvious that Gaga is crazy about him," the insider added at the time. "She always giggles and touches him. They are very affectionate and have the best chemistry."

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 In addition to celebrating with Polansky and her pals, Gaga also marked her special day with a message on Instagram, which she shared alongside a stripped down selfie — presumably snapped before she donned her birthday glam.

 “Today has been so special—I can’t remember a time I was so happy on my bday,” the A Star Is Born actress wrote in the caption. “I am in love with my best friend, my family and friends are loving and kind and healthy. I feel like my heart is bursting with gratitude for my own health and MUSIC.”

 The star went on to share that she is “writing some of my best music in as long as I can remember” and reminded fans that her film, Joker: Folie à Deux, will be hitting theaters soon.

 “AND seeing messages from all over the world from little monsters—artists—publications that love my work it means so much to me,” she continued. “Thank you thank you thank you for loving me the way you do and for having such a real love for my songs—I’ve been writing ❤️pop songs since I was a little girl I can’t believe I still get to do what I love. This year will be an important and meaningful year for us I know.”

 “Music changes people lives im so honored I get to be a part of that in this life,” Gaga concluded.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)