Wale, the popular Grammy and MTV Video Music Award-nominated rapper, will perform at Iron City in Birmingham Thursday, Nov. 7, the venue announced Monday.
Doors open at 7 p.m., while the show begins at 8. The standing room only show is for all ages.
Tickets for the “Every Blue Moon” tour go on sale at 10 a.m. CST Aug. 16. You can purchase via Ticketmaster. (This post will be updated with ticket prices.)
Born Olubowale Victor Akintimehin, the Washington D.C. native gained popularity in the mid-2000s with his song “Dig Dug (Shake It)” before signing with Mark Ronson’s Allido Records. Wale’s debut studio album “Attention Deficit” released in 2008, featuring the single “Chillin” with Lady Gaga.
Wale, 39, later signed with Rick Ross’ Maybach Music Group before releasing his next album, 2011′s “Ambition,” featuring the Grammy-nominated single “Lotus Flower Bomb.” Other albums include “The Gifted” (2013) and “The Album About Nothing” (2015). His most recent album was 2021′s “Folarin II.”
He has since worked with high-profile artists like Dua Lipa, Lil Wayne, Waka Flocka Flame, Rihanna, J. Cole, Jamie Foxx, Meek Mill, Lil Durk, and others. Wale has earned a BET Award, BET Hip Hop Award, and Soul Train Award. He earned nominations from the Grammy Awards and MTV Video Music Awards.
Other notable upcoming shows at Iron City include The Used (Sept. 26), Talib Kweli (Oct. 4), Dirty Honey (Oct. 15), Moon Taxi (Nov. 23), Futurebirds (Dec. 13). See the full calendar.
A post shared by Iron City Birmingham (@ironcitybham)
Wale arrives at the MTV Video Music Awards at the Microsoft Theater on Sunday, Aug. 30, 2015, in Los Angeles. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices