Chalk this one up to one of the biggest toy no-brainers ever. Wednesday Addams is joining the girls of Monster High in a new line of dolls from the folks at Mattel. Joining her is that trusty loyal living hand, Thing, and her werewolf roommate, Enid, from the Wednesday Netflix series. She’ll also get her own Wednesday-themed Fisher-Price Little People Collection as well. You can check out images and details of these wonderful new spooky-ooky toys down below:
The minds behind Monster High and Wednesday have collaborated to create a chillingly beautiful line of dolls inspired by the hit television series. Dressed to distress in all black from head to toe, this Wednesday Addams collectible doll drips dark charm in her Nevermore Academy uniform. With Thing crouched at her shoulder and killer shoes at her feet, she’s more than ready to uncover any morbid mysteries that lie in wait.  This doll will set you back $40.00.
This Enid Sinclair Monster High collectible doll looks iclawnic in an all-pink look featuring a beret and backpack accessories. As endearing in doll form as she is on the show, Enid is ready for anything — whether it’s getting the tea on school gossip or fighting off a homicidal monster. Like the Wednesday Addams doll, this Enid collectible is priced at $40.00. 
Just looking at this deluxe doll, we can hear Lady Gaga’s “Bloody Mary.” Inspired by the show’s viral dance scene, this collectible doll is drop-dead gore-geous in a gothic gown. With her groovy ruffled skirt, she’s ready to hit the dance floor like a ghoul possessed. The price for this deluxe doll is $65.00. 
For $25, collectors can also get the Paint It Black Fashion Pack. It offers a complete, curated look for any Monster High Wednesday doll looking to change up her #OOTD. That’s “Outfit of the Day” and not, as Wednesday insists, “Oddly Obscure Torture Devices.” These items channel the funereal fashion sense of the one and only Wednesday Addams. Accept no substitutes. 
This special edition Little People Collector figure set from Fisher-Price features Wednesday Addams with Thing, Enid Sinclair, Marilyn Thornhill, and The Hyde monster. Each of these characters is reimagined as Little People figurines. This set arrives in a window box package styled with dark and foreboding scenes from Nevermore Academy. This collectible set can be yours for $24.99. 
All products are available now at Shop Mattel. 
v2.08 – © Nerdist All Rights Reserved
Hey reader! We’re delighted you're perusing our site for all your nerdy news. We'd wholeheartedly appreciate you enabling ads to keep this content free. Thank you!