Shop
Lord Of The Lost have shared a covers album, featuring new renditions of tracks from The Pretty Reckless, Bishop Briggs, Judas Priest and more.
‘Weapons Of Mass Seduction’ arrived at the very end of 2023, concluding what was a very special year for the German outfit, as they hit Number 1 on the German charts, represented their country at Eurovision and supported Iron Maiden.
Among the new album, there’s a reworking of Bishop Briggs’ ‘River’, The Pretty Reckless’ ‘House On A Hill’ and Judas Priest’s ‘Turbo Lover’. 
And that’s just the start, as the LP also gives fresh rock approaches to Sia’s ‘Unstoppable’, Michael Jackson’s ‘Give In To Me’, Billy Idol’s ‘Shock To The System’ and even Lou Reed’s ‘Perfect Day’.
Speaking about their latest project, the band have explained how it came about during the processing of creating their eighth studio album, ‘Blood & Glitter’, saying:
“During the production of our last album, Blood & Glitter, while recording our Roxette cover ‘The Look’ in Finland, it had already become clear that we had opened Pandora’s box. The energy and fun of covering the songs of beloved and respected colleagues and idols was something we were determined to continue. 
“So even before the release of Blood & Glitter we started working on this ‘covers album’ project, which for us is the perfect dessert to Blood & Glitter, before we embark on the adventure of reinventing ourselves again for a new studio album.”
‘Weapons Of Mass Seduction’ arrives in a number of formats, including a 3 CD box set, a number of vinyl options and a pink-with-black-print cassette. 
Check out the full album track-listing below.
Music
£24.99
Music
£27.99
CD 1
CD 2
CD 3 – Ltd Deluxe Edition only 
And to throw things back to 2023, have a watch of when we spoke to the band during their time over in the UK for Eurovision, where they discussed representing their country, ‘Blood & Glitter’ and more.
As the most elusive and exciting band in the world make their highly anticipated return, we dive into the new era of Sleep Token in this special edition magazine.
It's the sixth single taken from her forthcoming album ‘KISSING DEATH’.
The track has won Song Of The Year in the 2024 Rock Sound Awards.
The rap-rocker's label mates now include Fall Out Boy, twenty one pilots and ONE OK ROCK.
Her debut album ‘This Is Doom Trap’ is out now.
powered by
To provide the best experiences, we and our partners use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us and our partners to process personal data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site and show (non-) personalized ads. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions.
Click below to consent to the above or make granular choices. Your choices will be applied to this site only. You can change your settings at any time, including withdrawing your consent, by using the toggles on the Cookie Policy, or by clicking on the manage consent button at the bottom of the screen.