e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
WATSONVILLE — For the fourth year in a row, students and district officials observed May 22 — Harvey Milk Day — by gathering by the flagpole outside the Pajaro Valley Unified School District office, celebrating the LGBTQ+ community and raising the Pride flag.
As always, the event was a spirited affair with students in fourth grade through 12th grade wearing rainbow and transgender flag capes, dancing to the music of Lady Gaga and Beyonce, and cones of all colors of the rainbow arranged in an arch near the podium.
Chrissy McLean, the district’s coordinator of academic and social-emotional counseling, kicked off the ceremony with a quote by gender nonconforming performance artist and activist Alok Vaid-Menon: “There’s magic in being seen by people who understand – it gives you permission to keep going.”
“Today is about visibility and acceptance, to help our students keep going while we commit to the continuous work it takes to ensure students feel safe every day to be themselves and to be seen and not just on magical special occasions,” said McLean.
This was the first Pride flag ceremony for new Superintendent Heather Contreras, who was pleased with the large turnout.
“I really appreciate all of the people who are here, being able to be visible, be seen and be appreciative of the human differences that we all bring each and every day,” she said.
Contreras also said she was hoping the event would grow even further in the coming years.
“I’m looking forward to the fifth year, the 10th year and even the 30th year as we grow this participation in years to come,” she said.
Jen Salinas-Holz, site technician at Lakeview Middle School, said all the students in attendance were either LGBTQ-identifying or allies, and many had been nominated or recipients of Queer Youth Leadership Awards on May 11.
“All of them work hard at their schools to make their schools more welcoming and accepting for all students,” she said. “I’m so proud of you all, and we’re here to uplift and elevate your voices.”
Carlos Gonzalez, a student at Watsonville High School, delivered some background on Milk, the first openly gay elected official in California who was elected to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors in 1977.
“His openness and advocacy during a time of hostility and discrimination led to many in the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community to feel hope because he was representing all of us at a stage which was way higher,” said Gonzalez.
Sadie Maher, a senior at Aptos High School, explained the flag being flown at Wednesday’s ceremony. It was a variation on the rainbow flag created by Gilbert Baker — a friend of Milk’s — with design elements added by artist Daniel Quasar in 2018, including the light blue, pink and white colors of the transgender flag and black and brown stripes representing LGBTQ+ people of color. This flag is known as the Progress Pride Flag.
Maher also spoke of their experiences joining Scouts BSA, the flagship program of Boy Scouts of America, after it became open to all genders in 2019.
“I worked really hard to create a safe space for both troops, and when I got my Eagle (rank), I went straight into adult leadership training and I helped teach a class for diversity and LGBTQ people,” they said.
Maher was pleased to see so many faces in the crowd.
“This day is really important to me because it helps me see how much we’ve grown in progress over the last few years,” they said.
Evan Jacques-Maynes, president of Aptos High’s Pride Club, was also pleased to see so many in attendance.
“It’s great to see all the support for us,” he said. “It’s so important to recognize the work being done.”
Em Fantham, a student at Pajaro Valley High School, said it was great to be in a community where LGBTQ+ people are supported.
“In other parts of the U.S., there’s a lot of the opposite of that,” they said. “It feels good to know there’s a lot of support.”
Christina Souza, a social-emotional counselor at Aptos High, introduced Jessalynn Levine, the new choir teacher at Aptos High and Aptos Junior High, to lead the crowd in a singalong.
“One of the things we talk about with students and each other is we all have our voices, and we all can join in song and supporting each other,” said Souza. “It does not have to do with anything about ability, it’s just one of the oldest ways communities have supported each other.”
Levine previously taught high school in Texas, came out as transgender toward the end of her time there, moved to California and became co-director of New Voices Bay Area, a choir group open to all genders. She led the students in singing “We are the Ones” by the a cappella group Sweet Honey in the Rock.
“If you came here waiting for somebody else to sing to you, then I have bad news for you,” she said, in joking reference to the song’s lyrics. “If you’re looking for the singers, you are the ones we’ve been waiting for.”
The singing did not stop there. After students read portions of the resolution approved by the school board recognizing May 22 as Harvey Milk Day, Cyndi Lauper’s “True Colors” played through a speaker as students were handed lyric sheets and encouraged to sing along while the Pride flag was raised. Several did.
The flag will remain up through Oct. 11, National Coming Out Day.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group