We flip the calendar into May this week and enter “festival season.”
This weekend finds festivals all over Central New York, a sign that summer is right around the corner.
The Clinton Square festival schedule gets started with Operation Northern Comfort’s annual Crawfish Festival. Expect Cajun favorites, hot dogs, live music, and more, with proceeds going towards a great cause.
The Great Swamp Conservancy in Canastota will once again be hosting its Spring Migration Festival on Sunday, as birds return after the long winter.
And two new festivals get debuts this weekend.
The Folkus Project is presenting their first ever Family Music and Dance Festival at Camp Talooli’s Nokomis Lodge and the First Annual Cayuga County Cheese Festival takes place at the Ward W. O’Hara Agricultural and Country Living Museum in Auburn.
Both take place on Saturday.
Know of an event you would like to see on this list? Email us at least two weeks in advance at features@syracuse.com.
The Project Trio has amassed a significant following on YouTube, amassing over 100 million views and 100,000 subscribers.Provided Photo
Enjoy an evening of innovative music featuring NYC musicians, Project Trio, on Tuesday at Grant Middle School. Bassist Peter Seymour, beatbox flute player Greg Pattillo and saxophonist Daniel Berkey will push the boundaries of traditional chamber music with their unique fusion of classical, Jazz, hip-hop and world music influences. The Trio has amassed a significant following on YouTube, amassing over 100 million views and 100,000 subscribers. The concert is free and open to the public. It starts at 7 p.m.
Where: 2400 Grant Boulevard, Syracuse
When: Tuesday at 7 p.m.
How much: Free
Novelist Elin Hilderbrand is speaking on Tuesday evening at the Oncenter Crouse Hinds Theater.Provided Photo
Known as the “Queen of the beach read,” Elin Hilderbrand is an American writer widely known for her romance novels. She has sold roughly ten million books and her 2019 novel “Summer of ‘69” was a nine-week No. 1 New York Times bestseller. She will be speaking on Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. at the Oncenter Crouse Hinds Theater. Click here to purchase tickets.
Where: 411 Montgomery Street, Syracuse
When: Tuesday at 7:30 p.m.
How much: Tickets start at $44.35 plus fees.
The Syracuse Community Choir is hosting a one-night-only concert featuring the legendary singer, Holly Near. The event will take place on Tuesday at 7 p.m. at Plymouth Church.Provided Photo
Legendary singer Holly Near is back in Syracuse, presented by the Syracuse Community Choir. Her 7 p.m. concert will be at Plymouth Congregational Church. Her songs have been a “powerful voice for equity, enriching lives, and celebrating our shared humanity.” She is an insightful storyteller through her music, committed to keeping the work rooted in contemporary activism. Tickets are $25. Live streaming is available for $15. Click here to purchase.
Where: 232 East Onondaga Street, Syracuse. Concert can also be livestreamed.
When: Tuesday at 7 p.m.
How much: $25, $15 for live stream.
"Once" is described as a "heartwarming Irish musical." It will be running at Syracuse Stage May 1-19.Courtesy of Syracuse Stage
Nominated for 11 Tony Awards and winner of eight, including Best Musical, “Once” is a warmly affecting show that understands the power of music to move the human heart. The “heartwarming Irish musical” will be at Syracuse Stage starting tonight through May 19. Tonight, and tomorrow are preview showings. “Once” tells the story of Guy, a Dublin musician, who is ready to quit his music and forget the girlfriend who relocated to New York City. Girl is from the Czech Republic and has a passion for music and a belief in Guy and his songs. Click here for more info, a complete schedule, and to purchase tickets.
Where: 820 East Genesee Street, Syracuse
When: Preview shows are Wednesday and Thursday. Musical opens Friday with shows until May 19.
How much: Tickets start at $29.
Spend your lunch in downtown Syracuse with the Onondaga Historical Association’s Curator Robert Searing as he discusses local history with this walking tour. These walks, scheduled for roughly every other Wednesday, run through mid-October. Walks last 45-60 minutes and start at noon. Register for any of the walks here. Groups are capped at 15 people.
Where: 321 Montgomery Street, Syracuse
When: Wednesday at noon
How much: $20, $15 for members.
Corey Ponder discusses empathy at Wednesday's Cazenovia Forum.Cazenovia Forum
Corey Ponder is a policy leader in the tech sector and has provided inclusion initiatives across several companies including the CIA, Google, and Meta. On Wednesday evening, he will be giving a free talk for the Cazenovia Forum on empathy in our increasingly digital world. The talk starts at 7 p.m. and is followed by a reception at the Brewster Inn.
Where: 31 Emory Avenue, Cazenovia
When: Wednesday at 7 p.m.
How much: Free
Tom Chapin and the Chapin Sisters are Friday's performers at the Folkus Project.Courtesy of the Folkus Project
The Folkus Project presents Tom Chapin and the Chapin Sisters on Friday night. Chapin has maintained two long and productive parallel careers, as a respected contemporary folk artist and as a pioneer in the field of children’s music. His career has spanned five decades, 26 albums, and three Grammy Awards. Lily and Abigail Chapin are singing and songwriting sisters known for their pristine harmonies and haunting melodies. The concert starts at 8 p.m. Tickets can be purchased at folkus.org.
Where: 3800 East Genesee Street, Syracuse
When: Friday at 8 p.m.
How much: $25, $20 for members.
Guests try crawfish for the first time during the 2019 Syracuse Crawfish Festival in Clinton Square.
Scott Schild | sschild@syracuse.comScott Schild | sschild@syracuse.
Operation Northern Comfort is excited to bring back the annual Crawfish Festival in Clinton Square on Saturday. It is the event’s 17th year. The full day of activities start at 11 a.m. There will be live music, a Native American dance performance, 50 small business vendors, a mascot dance off, kids’ area, and a lot of food, including crawfish, Cajun favorites, Hofmann’s hot dogs, Gianelli Sausage, pulled pork, walking tacos and New England clams. All proceeds of the event go to Operation Northern Comfort, which provides help to our neighbors in the CNY area as wellas disaster relief in areas throughout the U.S. Click here for more info and an entertainment schedule.
Where: Clinton Square
When: Saturday from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
How much: Free to attend.
The Folkus Project is presenting their first ever Family Music and Dance Festival at Camp Talooli’s Nokomis Lodge on Saturday.Courtesy of Folkus Project
The Folkus Project is presenting their first ever Family Music and Dance Festival at Camp Talooli’s Nokomis Lodge on Saturday. Spend a family day filled with music, dancing, and fun. The camp opens at 10 a.m. and you can begin the day hiking, canoeing, and picnicking. You can bring your own lunch or purchase one at the Camp. A family and community dance starts at noon with Adirondack Two Step. Tom Chapin puts on a family concert at 3 p.m. and the day ends with a campfire and s’mores until 6. Get your tickets at folkus.org.
Where: 520 County Route 54, Pennellville
When: Saturdayfrom 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
How much: $20 for ages 16 and up, $15 for ages 3-15, under 3 are free.
The First Annual Cayuga County Cheese Festival takes place on Saturday at the Ward W. O’Hara Agricultural and Country Living Museum. Running from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., the event includes local cheese sampling, a blind cheese tasting and identification, cheese making demonstrations, products to purchase, kids’ activities, wagon and Model T rides, and more. Admission and parking are free.
Where: 6880 East Lake Road, Auburn
When: Saturday at 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
How much: Free to attend.
The musicians of the Syracuse Orchestra will be performing all weekend at the Commons Lounge at Destiny USA. On Saturday and Sunday evening, there will be concerts celebrating the music of LBGTQ+ composers and musicians,from Bernstein, to Madonna and Lady Gaga. Enjoy tasty snacks and a cash bar. A portion of the $40 ticket will benefit CNY Pride. Due to mature content, no one under 17 will be permitted. The concerts start at 7 p.m. On Sunday, the string quartet will play music from popular videos games, including familiar themes from “Tetris,” “Legend of Zelda,” and “Super Mario.” Concerts are at 1 and 2:30 p.m. Tickets are $10. Tickets for both can be purchased at syracuseorchestra.org.
Where: Destiny USA
When: Pride and Joy concert is Saturday and Sunday at 7 p.m. Video game music performances are Sunday at 1 and 2:30 p.m.
How much: $40 for adults, $5 for students with ID for “Pride and Joy.” $10 for adults, $5 for students, and free for anyone under 18 for the Video Game concert.
Featuring local “makers,” Maker Faire Syracuse is an interactive and family-friendly showcase of invention and creativity. Held on Saturday at the Horticulture Building of the State Fairgrounds, it features all kinds of making and creating from traditional arts and crafts to high tech creations, including 3-D printing, fiber arts, cosplay, and drones. See what your community is out there making and what you may even be able to try yourself. Click here to register and buy your tickets.
Where: 581 State Fair Boulevard, Syracuse
When: Saturday from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
How much: Early bird tickets are $9 for adults, $7 for youths ages 5-17. Four and under are free. Ticket prices are $1 more at the door. Family plans, two adults, three kids, are $30 or $40 at the door.
The Onondaga Art Guild is proud to present their 2024 Spring Show highlighting the vibrant talents of many local artists on Saturday.Courtesy of the Onondaga Art Guild
The Onondaga Art Guild is proud to present their 2024 Spring Show highlighting the vibrant talents of many local artists. Held on Saturday and Sunday at Emmanuel Episcopal Church, the free show features 25 artists from all over Onondaga County and their creative work in a variety of mediums, from painting to ceramics and jewelry. Support local artists and find a unique gift for Mother’s Day.
Where: 400 West Yates Street, East Syracuse
When: Saturday from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. and Sunday from noon to 4 p.m.
How much: Free to attend.
Actor William Shatner attends the Los Angeles Premiere of "You Can Call Me Bill" at the Culver Theater on March 21, 2024 in Culver City, California. (Photo by Amanda Edwards/Getty Images)Getty Images
“Star Trek” actor William Shatner is boldly coming to Syracuse for an autograph signing event at Destiny USA on Saturday from 1-3 p.m. The event, presented by Cooperstown Connection and Gentlemen’s Corner Barber Shop, will take place from 1-3 p.m. at Cooperstown Connection on the mall’s second level. Fans can get Shatner to sign flats (up to 16″x20″) for $159 each; oversized toys, pops, and premium items for $179 each; inscriptions (limited to three words or less) for $49 each; and a photo with Shatner (up to 2 people taken with a cell phone) for $149 each. For more information, click here.
Where: Destiny USA
When: Saturday from 1-3 p.m.
How much: Autographs start at $159.
A pair of Great Blue Herons  on a nest in the rookery at the Great Swamp Conservancy near Canastota.  The Conservancy will hold their Spring Migration Festival on Saturday.David Lassman
Celebrate the return of migratory birds at the Great Swamp Conservancy in Canastota on Sunday at their 22nd Annual Spring Migration Festival. There will be live music, animals, horseback riding, a reptile show, and more. You can take a wagon ride out to a wetland overlook, have lunch at the Lady Bug Café, and visit many educational vendors. The event runs from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Tickets are $4 for adults, $1 for kids, and a family maximum of $12.
Where: 8375 North Main Street, Canastota
When: Sunday from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
How much: $4 for adults, $1 for children, $12 max for families.
Conducted by Victor Vallo, Jr., the Auburn Chamber Orchestra presents this family-friendly concert on Sunday afternoon at the Auburn Junior High School auditorium. It will feature the music from operas “Carmen” and “Die Fledermaus” and movies like “E.T.” and “Pirates of the Caribbean,” and more. Captain Jack will be making an appearance. The concert is open to the public and starts at 2 p.m. Donations are appreciated.
Where: 191 Franklin Street, Auburn
When: Sunday at 2 p.m.
How much: Free but donations are appreciated.
Community organization La Liga was founded in 1969 to improve the quality-of-life and well-being of Latinos and underserved communities in Onondaga County. They celebrate their 55th anniversary, appropriately on Sunday, 5/5, at the Rail Line in Syracuse. Join the celebration for $55 and enjoy good food, live entertainment, and networking. The event starts at 1 p.m. Click here to purchase your tickets.
Where: 530 South Clinton Street, Syracuse
When: Sunday at 1 p.m.
How much: Tickets are $55.
Oil painting by merit winner Maxine Edwards that she plans to display in “The Other Six“ show.Provided Photo
The Associated Artists of CNY will be featuring the work of their 2023 Juried Exhibit Award recipients at the Manlius Library. On Sunday afternoon there will be “Meet the Artists” reception from 2-4 p.m., which is free and open to the public. The exhibit continues through May 31 during library hours.
Where: 1 Arkie Albanese Avenue, Manlius
When: Sunday from 2-4 p.m. Exhibit continues through May 31.
How much: Free
Sunday is Syracuse’s most storied road race, the 10-mile, hill-filled Mountain Goat. The race kicks off at 9:15 a.m. in Clinton Square, and ends with a party at the same spot. Thousands of people are expected to run.
Where: Downtown Syracuse
When: Sunday, May 5, 9:15 a.m.
More info: www.mountaingoatrun.org/
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices