The Academy Award, Golden Globe and 13-time Grammy Award-winning superstar has announced a return to the Las Vegas Strip.
Lady Gaga wasn’t bluffing.
The film and recording superstar said to her Dolby Live audience in September, “We’re gonna make a contract. Everybody on this stage will be here forever. We’ll do it. I’m not kidding. I make a lot of jokes on this stage. This is not one of them.”
The crowd cheered. Her musicians, including members of the Santa Fe & The Fat City Horns, grinned and nodded.
LG’s team made official what was reported in this space nearly a month ago. “Jazz + Piano” is back for eight dates: June 19, 20, 27, 29, 30; July 3, 5 and 6. Tickets are on sale 10 a.m. Saturday at Ticketmaster.com.
As the jazz production continues, the status of Gaga’s “Enigma” pop show is in doubt. That production originally toggled dates with “Jazz + Piano” when it opened on New Year’s Eve weekend 2018.
The two shows have combined for nearly $100 million in revenue at Dolby Live. But Gaga has not performed “Enigma” since New Year’s Eve weekend 2019.
Gaga has most recently performed “Jazz + Piano” in a three-show run Oct. 1-5. She also led a version of the show at Mark Davis’ “The Dinner Show” at Fontainebleau during Super Bowl weekend. The production has been backed by a 30-piece big band, with vintage-style video of Gaga retelling the history of Vegas entertainment alongside her musicians.
Acclaimed keyboardist Michael Bearden conducts the orchestra. Trumpet great Brian Newman has assembled the horn section and plays the show with his own backing band.
PodKats episodes
John Katsilometes’ column runs daily in the A section. His “PodKats!” podcast can be found at reviewjournal.com/podcasts. Contact him at jkatsilometes@reviewjournal.com. Follow @johnnykats on X, @JohnnyKats1 on Instagram.
Honored in Las Vegas, columnist Norm Clarke’s final resting place will be his hometown of Terry, Mont.
Mark Davis has signed a legend, and not for the first time, for a Raiders event.
Beyoncé was hit with a cease-and-desist letter from Sphere CEO James Dolan over a video in her “Cowboy Carter” tour in which the superstar picks up the Las Vegas venue.
The Red Rocker’s most extensive performance commitment ever on the Strip, “Best of All Worlds” runs through May 17.
Think performers wielding iconic props like blasters and light sabers, R2-D2 making it rain by firing cash in the air, and Han Solo gyrating to “Smooth Criminal,” to screams that reach the edge of the galaxy.
“The Party” is ongoing for Spiegelworld, which has named its new project just that.
Beyoncé is shown grabbing and holding the Sphere in her “Cowboy Carter” tour production. She’s not revealing why.
Jay Sarno Jr., the son of the founder of Caesars Palace, sets the record straight on the tale of Evel Knievel’s infamous Caesars jump.
It’ll be temperature up, “Hands Down” at the Durango casino in July.Alt-rock band Dashboard Confessional is the latest headliner for the resort’s “Bel-Aire Poolside Concert Series.”
Bruno Mars is already the longest-running headliner at Dolby Live. The nine new dates he just added would take him to triple digits.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP