Manage your account
Originally appeared on E! Online
Simone Biles is not flipping over a cosmetic procedure she had done earlier this year.
The Olympian shared a negative experience she had with Botox after getting the injections done for her 27th birthday in March.
“I did not like it,” Simone confessed in a video posted to TikTok Aug. 2. “I haven’t got it again”
As for why the gold medalist wasn’t a fan? She recalled a “funny story” about one of the side effects of the procedure, which consists of injecting a prescription drug called botulinum toxin into facial muscles to temporarily prevent them from moving, according to Mayo Clinic.
“I would be standing at practice and then my eyebrow would be slowly going up like this,” she explained while noticeably arching her right eyebrow. “[My teammate] would be like ‘Simone, your eyebrow’s doing it again!’ I’m like, ‘I feel it.’ I couldn’t get it back down. But it would go back down in like 20 seconds, and it would randomly do that.”
More from E! Online
It Ends With Us Drama? Untangling Fan Theories About Blake Lively and Justin Baldoni
Olympic Gymnast Gabby Douglas Speaks Out on "Constantly Being Bullied" Amid Simone Biles Comparisons
Shawn Mendes Reveals He Was "About to Be a Father" in New Single
Noting that she has “no idea” why that kept happening, the athlete went on to clarify her current stance on Botox.
“Now I can do all the facials,” Simone said. “Not doing that again.”
And the 27-year-old—who just rounded out competing in the 2024 Paris Olympics—had her fans’ full support when it came to her honest take.
“You are so real being open about Botox,” one fan commented on the post. “We heart you GOAT!”
“Believe in yourself Simone, you are beautiful from inside out,” another wrote. “You do not need Botox, you are so beautiful, just the way you are.”
And her appearance wasn’t the only topic Simone got candid about in the video. In fact, she also opened up about the many emotions she felt leading up to the 2024 Olympics team final for women’s gymnastics, for which Team USA wound up taking home the gold medal.
“I’m really nervous,” she said. “That’s to be expected. I did have therapy this morning, so I feel a little bit better.”
Read on for more stars who have gotten candid about their cosmetic procedures…
Gypsy Rose Blanchard
Gypsy underwent a rhinoplasty and septoplasty (nose job) in April 2024, three months after she was released from prison (where she served seven years for her role in the murder of her mother Clauddine "Dee Dee" Blanchard).
Caroline Stanbury
The Real Housewives of Dubai star publicly documented her November 2023 face lift and the recovery on social media.
"I wanted people to see how, when you come out, the scars and the cuts and what it really looks like," she exclusively told E! News of the procedure. "I literally looked like I'd been in a car crash and the car had won, but five days later you're presentable. Ten days later I was in a restaurant completely fine."
As for why the Bravo star was so open about her face lift journey? As she noted, "Being on a reality TV show, obviously it's going to look weird if I come back next season looking 10 years younger, which I do, obviously."
Selena Gomez
The singer has said she has gotten Botox.
Brandi Glanville
The former Bravo star has been candid about her plastic surgery procedures in the past, including getting a nose job, having breast implants and dabbling with Botox and filler. And now, she's turned to CellSound's body sculpting treatment to tighten her stomach.
"I have actual abs," she told People in an interview published March 21. "I have lines on my stomach that I haven't had since before I got pregnant. I think any mother knows after kids the elasticity of your skin will never be the same."
Ariana Madix
Responding to an Instagram user who accused the Vanderpump Rules star of getting lip filler, Botox, jawline contouring with liposuction and eyelid surgery, Madix clapped back by confirming all of her past cosmetic procedures. 
“i’ll tell you what i’ve had!” she wrote on Instagram in July 2024. “you’re partially correct. tox in 11’s, outer brow, and my neck. ellevate for my neck in 2019 by @theneckdoctor minimal lip filler bc my face is too small to handle very much and filler in my chin. absolutely no filler anywhere else and def no bleph yet. hope this helps! i’ll keep yall posted if i do anything else.”
Jill Zarin
"I'm bravely sharing that I had a lower facelift and a couple other minor tweaks," Jill said in a June 4 Instagram video, with a black bandage wrapped around her head. "I had a fat transplant put into my hands because I hated my hands, and the worst part was the lipo coming out of my leg to fill my hands. Believe it or not, that's the most pain I've had."
The 60-year-old promised that she'll post side-by-side photos of her transformation once she heals, adding, "I just want to share my story and my journey."
Brittany Cartwright
The Valley star revealed she underwent facial liposuction before filming the new Bravo series.
"I had work done on my double chin. We call it the turkey gobbler, runs in my family," she said on the March 14 episode of her When Reality Hits podcast. "No matter what I was going through, no matter how much weight I lost, I still felt I had something there."
Martha Stewart
After years of denying cosmetic procedures, the lifestyle expert recently confessed in the Feb. 8 episode of her eponymous podcast that she gets Botox, fillers and lasers to tighten her skin. "I don't think a lot about age," she explained, "but I don't want to look my age."
Tori Spelling
The Beverly Hills, 90210 star has spoken publicly about her nose job and her breast implants.
Sharon Osbourne
In addition to getting candid on using Ozempic for weight loss, the talk show host admitted that her 2021 facelift was "the worst thing that I ever did," explaining in December 2023, "I looked like Cyclops."
Lady Gaga
"I've never had any work-work done, but I went through a phase when I was smoking pot when I was really obsessed with getting facial injections," the "Born This Way" singer told radio host Howard Stern in 2013. "I was going to this strip mall in Chicago in the back…Everybody was like, 'You are a nut job.'...I'm telling you, I wasn't exactly in the best frame of mind, and I would smoke a bunch of joints and have some drinks and I would be like, 'Oh, let's go see my girl' and we would drive to this strip mall and I would get shot up with a bunch of whatever, Juvéderm, and then leave."
She continued, "Now all the stuff is gone. Before I shot the 'Applause' video, [a photographer friend] was like, 'Gaga, I love you but if you don't stop injecting s--t in your face I'm going to just kill you.'"
Bethenny Frankel
The Real Housewives of New York star got breast implants in 2005, but removed them in 2008.
"Now I feel comfortable," she told Life & Style. "If there's something you're not comfortable with and you can correct it, great."
Olivia Colman
The Crown star revealed that she's a fan of Botox. "I've had loads," the 50-year-old told BBC Radio 2.
Julie Chen
In 2013, The Talk co-host revealed on the show that she got plastic surgery at the beginning of her career in order to make her eyes look bigger.
"And after I had it done, the ball did roll for me," she said. "And I wondered, did I give in to the man?"
She added, "I have to live with every decision that I've made. And it got me to where we are today. And I'm not going to look back."
Jamie Lee Curtis
"I've done it all," the actress told The Telegraph in 2002. "I've had a little plastic surgery. I've had a little lipo. I've had a little Botox. And you know what? None of it works. None of it."
Jennifer Aniston
"I had [a deviated septum] fixed–best thing I ever did," the actress told People in 2007. "I slept like a baby for the first time in years. As far as all the other [rumors], as boring as it sounds, it's still mine. All of it. Still mine."
NeNe Leakes
In 2010, the Real Housewives of Atlanta star revealed that she had had a nose job, a breast lift and liposuction.
"I'm very comfortable and confident in myself," she told People. "I just wanted a tune up."
Kim Zolciak
In 2015, the reality star called Dr. Lenny Hochstein her "boob God" doctor for giving her perky breasts. Of course, the reality TV personality has been an open book about her other procedures, including a tummy tuck and lip injections.
Lisa Rinna
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star had her lips injected with silicone at age 24. In 2010, she had some of the filler removed.
"I find it so interesting that it's become such a big thing because I can't tell you how many girls have done their lips. I feel like I'm a pioneer," she said on Today in 2013. "I was one of the first ones to ever do it and be honest about it."She also said, "I would do it again. I never had a career before I had the lips so my lips have had their own career!"
Heidi Montag
In 2009, at just 23 years old, the Hills star underwent a head-to-toe transformation, having 10 cosmetic procedures done in one day. In addition to Botox, chin reductions and a nose job, the reality star also got fat injections in her lips.
Iggy Azalea
The Aussie rapper said in the April 2015 issue of Vogue magazine that she got breast implants. "I did change something: Four months ago, I got bigger boobs! I'd thought about it my entire life," she revealed. 
Tyra Banks
In her memoir, Perfect Is Boring, the supermodel revealed that she went under the knife early in her career. "I had bones in my nose that were growing and itching," she wrote in her book. "I could breathe fine, but I added cosmetic surgery. I admit it! Fake hair, and I did my nose." 
Kim Kardashian
"I really, genuinely care about looking good," the SKKN founder told Allure for its August 2022 issue. "I probably care more than 90 percent of the people on this planet. It's not easy when you're a mom and you're exhausted at the end of the day or you're in school, and I'm all of the above. I do my beauty treatments usually late at night. After everyone's in bed, I'm doing laser treatments."
Kim revealed she's also gotten "a little bit of Botox," but hasn't dabbled with filler on her lips or cheeks, revealing, "No filler. Never filled either one, ever."
Kristin Cavallari
During an Instagram Stories Q&A on Aug. 23, the reality TV star didn't shy away from answering a fan's question about her boobs. "Gonna keep it real with y'all," Kristin began her response. "Got a lift after breast feeding all 3 kids."
While The Hills alum isn't opposed to cosmetic procedures, she admitted she's "never done" Botox.
"It's not for me. But I've seen it look amazing on some people," she wrote. "My concern is that we don't know the long term effects of it (and I don't mean 5-10 years, I mean like 20 years) and I think your face is muscle, so we need to work it out the same way we would any other muscle."
 For the latest breaking news updates, click here to download the E! News App