Photos by Andrew Vonderschmitt “Under the Sea” by Josh R. is one of more than 100 artworks available at the Art and Wine with Something MORE event scheduled Saturday, Jan. 13, at the El Dorado County Fairgrounds in Placerville.
On Saturday, Jan. 13, Mother Lode Rehabilitation Enterprises will host its annual and much-anticipated fundraiser featuring artworks created by MORE’s very own clients. Coupled with more than 20 wineries, as many food purveyors, lavish silent auction items, a blockbuster live auction and a veritable who’s who of El Dorado County community members and philanthropists, the Art and Wine with Something MORE event is a bang-up way to kick off the New Year. 
Having had such a great time last year with the Roaring Twenties theme, CEO Susie Davies is bringing it back, encouraging everyone who is game to sport their finest 1920s flapper gear. With the Speakeasy open for business attendees can have all the fun of a backroom gin joint without the threat of Prohibition ruining the evening.  
Davies said that this, the 20th year of this event, exemplifies what the community is all about.  
“We have citizens and leaders from all sectors of our community including education, government, businesses, media, law enforcement and nonprofits who support this event,” she said. “We are blessed and grateful.”
Longtime supporter and El Dorado County dignitary Brian Veerkamp will conduct a vigorous live auction with top-tier products and one-of-a-kind experiences on the block. Countless items from electronics to unique personal experiences have been donated to the live and silent auctions giving attendees multiple chances to win big. 
Director of Finance and Fund Development Kelli Nuttall said MORE has received overwhelming community support.
“We have so many wonderful raffle items and silent and live auction prizes including a stunning Mystery Box Prize,” she said.
Nuttall shared other treasures include, but are not limited to, amazing wines and tasting packages, adventure packages from around the county like a South Fork Gorge rafting trip for six with a pizza lunch and photo package, a delectable Chef’s Dinner for 10 at Aji’s Japanese Bistro with an open bar and the pièce de résistance — an in-home, four-course meal of your choice along with local wine pairing, artfully prepared by the consummate, local celebrity chef John Sanders. 
However, as anyone who has attended this event can attest, the true star of the evening is the art itself. More than 100 pieces of art from 40-plus MORE clients will be on display for public viewing. And each piece will be available for sale.
Jen G. has been participating in the event for many years and says she enjoys the creative process.
“I love to paint,” she shared, explaining that she also practices other art forms like sculpting and participates in various performing arts. 
“I like to sing, ‘You and I’ by Lady Gaga,” Jen added. She also likes doing improv and was part of MORE’s Christmas Caroling group this year. 
David Yapp, a Creative Arts staff member, said sharing the clients’ artwork with the public is important. 
“I think it’s great for them to be able to exhibit their work, share it with the public,” he said, expanding on the value of, “showing their gifts and skills to a wider audience.”  
The works are not limited to painting on canvas. Many artistic mediums and techniques are explored in the Creative Arts program, including mixed media, acrylic pour, watercolor, collage, marbling and sculpture to name a few.  
Josh R. tends to let the art guide him in the process. His piece “Under the Sea” started with a single element. 
“With this one, I started out with a lobster,” he shared. “Then I put the water on it and then the orange with the stripes, the clownfish.”
A seascape is a departure for Josh; he has spent most of his time in the arts painting abstract designs. 
“I remember I used to make all the spirals,” he said. “But not a lot anymore.”
Josh said he finds a lot of fulfillment in his art and loves participating in Art and Wine with his fellow artists.
“So for Art and Wine, it is awesome to sell the art,” he said. “Because all this art is amazing.
“Painting is my passion,” he added.
On Saturday, Jan. 13, from 6-9 pm at the El Dorado County Fairgrounds in Placerville, Jen and Josh’s contributions can be seen along with many more works of art.  
Local breweries, distilleries, restaurants and caterers will all come together, joining the art show to support the important work done by MORE for over 50 years. 
Current confirmed participants include Annabelle's Chocolates, Boeger Winery, Bumgarner Winery, Element 79 Vineyards, Frank Vilt's Cakes, Georgetown Distillery, Gold Hill Vineyard, Golden Leaves Vineyard & Winery, Holly's Hill, Hwy 50 Brewery, Jojo's Bakery, Lava Cap Winery, Madroña, Medeiros Family Wines, Mediterranean Vineyards, Moo & Brew, MORE, Nello Olivo, Old Town Grill, Ponte Palmero Retirement Village, Sierra Vista Winery, Solid Ground Brewing, Tap Truck El Dorado, Tropics Island Grill & Ale House, Wally's Pizza Bar, West Coast Sourdough - Missouri Flat and Wofford Acres Vineyards.
For tickets and more information visit morerehab.org.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Latest Classifieds from Mountain Democrat
Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.
Local Events from Mountain Democrat
Each day's obituaries, delivered to your inbox.
Receive occasional local offers from our website and its advertisers.
Get the latest headlines on local sports!
Get our expert short-term forecast, summary of the weather details and news of any severe weather.
We'll send breaking news and news alerts to you as they happen!
Prospecting from Mountain Democrat
Best trending stories from the week.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.