Celine Dion was seen returning to her hotel at 1:30am after a lengthy rehearsal for the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris. The singer looked overcome with emotion as fans outside the luxury hotel greeted her.
Celine, 56, looked elegant wearing a chic black tea-length dress with mesh stilettos. She appeared to be wearing minimal makeup and her honey-coloured hair was tied back into a low bun.
It has been reported that Celine will sing with Lady Gaga at the Olympics opening ceremony on Friday. This will mark her first on-stage performance since she announced her Stiff Person Syndrome (SPS) diagnosis in 2022.
The duo are believed to be singing a duet of Edith Piaf's La Vie en Rose, according to French journalist Thierry Moreau.
Celine's appearance in Paris comes shortly after the release of her Prime Video documentary, I Am: Celine Dion, which details her heartbreaking struggle with her condition. SPS is a rare autoimmune neurological disorder causing muscle stiffness and painful spasms.
In April, the My Heart Will Go On singer shared her determination to get back on stage. She told Vogue France: "The way I see it, I have two choices. Either I train like an athlete and work super hard, or I switch off and it’s over.
“I’ve chosen to work with all my body and soul, from head to toe, with a medical team. I want to be the best I can be. My goal is to see the Eiffel Tower again!”
Celine Dion was greeted by fans at her hotel in Paris in the early hours of Thursday morning.
Celine Dion looked elegant in a black tea-length dress with stiletto heels.
Celine Dion blew a kiss to her fans outside her Paris hotel.
Celine Dion shared her Stiff Person Syndrome diagnosis in 2022.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated