Chrissy Teigen and John Legend attend the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures 3rd Annual Gala Presented by Rolex at Academy Museum of Motion Pictures on December 03, 2023 in Los Angeles, California.
Chrissy Teigen needs to "Save Room" for her husband when they're being intimate. While appearing on Tuesday's episode of The Drew Barrymore Show, the former model and cookbook author opened up about her sex life. She told host Barrymore that four kids and ten years of marriage later, her mind wanders during sex. Teigen, 38, says it happens "all the time." When Barrymore presses, "Really? Where does it go?" Teigen responds, "Anywhere. Is the door locked? Is my spray tan coming off? So much."
The Chrissy & Dave Dine Out star then remarked on her ideas about longevity in a marriage. "Honestly, I think we’re always very thoughtful," she said. "If we’re arguing about something, he doesn’t argue often, and I think one of our fights is actually that we don’t fight enough." Where she wants to rile him up and get passion, Legend is the one who brings her back down to a level where she realizes she is "overreacting a little" or "being a little crazy." She had nothing but high praises to sing of her husband during her appearance, calling him as "good and pure as you can imagine a man to be" and a "sponge of kindness and goodness."

A post shared by

As for their biggest challenges these days, Teigen said it's all about getting their four children to get along. The couple shares daughters Luna, 7, and Esti, 1, and sons Miles, 5, and Wren, 7 months. She calls her and Legend's growth as parents has been a fun part of parenthood. "We were kids when we got together, and now we have so many kids." Seeing the "All of Me" singer give his kids all of him, despite how busy he is, she says he is committed to doing anything their children ask of him. As we previously reported, Legend didn't think he was a "great partner" at the beginning of their relationship. Even though he was into her and excited to be with her, he was "more selfish then" in his mid-20s.
Bisexuality is a term used to describe a person who has the potential to be physically, romantically, and/or emotionally attracted to people of more than one gender, not necessarily at the same time, in the same way, or to the same degree. Per GLAAD, the "bi" in bisexual refers to genders the same as and different from one’s own gender. This doesn't mean just men and women.
Despite comprising more than half of the lesbian, gay, and bisexual community, bisexual people tend to feel misunderstood and isolated because of the hyper-sexualization in media. In addition to that, people cast bisexuality as a phase, or something that people do to draw attention, or to cover-up being gay or lesbian. The Los Angeles Times reported that bisexual people "avoided coming out because they didn’t want to deal with misconceptions that bisexuals were indecisive or incapable of monogamy — stereotypes that exist among straights, gays, and lesbians alike." Multiple research studies have shown that people who are bisexual are more likely to binge drink, engage in self-harm, and have suicidal thoughts than gay, lesbian, or straight people.
According to GLAAD, there is a term called "bi-erasure," which is "a pervasive problem in which the existence or legitimacy of bisexuality (either in general or in regard to an individual) is questioned or denied outright." Being bisexual doesn't mean they must have had any sexual experience in order to identify as such. Some people use the words bisexual and bi to describe the community, with others may use bi+, which is intended to be inclusive of those who call themselves bisexual, pansexual, fluid, queer, and other words that describe people who have the potential to be attracted to more than one gender. Those who are exploring whether or not they are attracted to people of the same gender or of other genders might use the term "bicurious."
See below which celebrities identify as bisexual.
Back in 2003, Barrymore openly said she was bisexual. She said at the time, "Do I like women sexually? Yeah, I do. Totally. I have always considered myself bisexual. I love a woman's body. I think a woman and a woman together are beautiful, just as a man and a woman together are beautiful. Being with a woman is like exploring your own body but through someone else."
The rapper and singer came out publicly as bisexual in 2012 in an interview with the 'New York Times.' She said, "I'm not trying to be, like, the bisexual, lesbian rapper. I don't live on other people's terms."
In a 2008 interview with GQ, the 'Jennifer's Body' actress said she could "see herself in a relationship with a girl." In 2021, she confirmed her bisexuality with an Instagram selfie with the caption: "Putting the B in #LGBTQIA for over two decades."
The singer released her LGBTQ+ anthem, "Boyfriend," in 2022, but announced on Instagram Live in 2020 that she was "super queer." For a cover story for 'Gay Times,' she further clarified that she’s bisexual and said, "I wasn’t ever afraid of people knowing who I loved. More so, I was afraid of people having access to the human parts of me in an industry that can be so anti-human."
The "A Thousand Miles" singer came out as bisexual in 2010 while headlining Nashville Pride. She announced to the crowd, "I’ve never said this before but, while we’re here and living out loud as we should every single day, I, myself, am a proud bisexual woman."
In 2021, the "Motion Sickness" singer posted a selfie on Instagram with the caption: "howdy from a visible bisexual." She told 'British Vogue' in 2023 about what it means for her indie supergroup boygenius to connect with queer listeners, saying, "I’m so proud of our group dynamic, and as a bisexual woman in straight relationships, it feels weird to talk about it so much."
Fergie was married to Josh Duhamel from 2004 to 2019 and share a son, Axl Jack Duhamel, but the singer has stated many times that while she has never had a serious relationship with a woman, she still is bisexual. She previously told 'The Advocate,' "I think women are beautiful. I've had a lot of fun with women, and I'm not ashamed of it."
Frank Ocean penned a letter on Tumblr back in 2012 that addressed his sexuality and revealed his first love was a man. His lyrics make romantic references towards both men and women. In an interview with GQ where his sexuality was discussed, he said, "I'll respectfully say that life is dynamic and comes along with dynamic experiences, and the same sentiment that I have towards genres of music, I have towards a lot of labels and boxes."
Halsey has been openly bisexual since 2015. The "Bad At Love" singer opened up about the difficulties of being bisexual in 2018, saying, "I’m a young, bisexual woman, and I’ve spent a large part of my life trying to validate myself — to my friends, to my family, to myself — trying to prove that who I love and how I feel is not a phase; it’s not part of some confusion that’s going to change or could be manipulated."
The rapper addressed her bisexuality on Twitter in 2021 after she was accused of queer baiting by 'Rolling Stone.' She called out the publication and added, "I’m married to a man but I have express soo much about my bisexuality and my experiences wit girls .All of a sudden 'queer baiting' is the new word &amp; people use it to the ground !"
The 'White Lotus' star told 'The Advocate' in 2016, "I know I have an androgynous thing going on, and there’s something masculine about my energy. Girls are into me — that’s no secret. Hey, I’m into them too. I fall in love with girls and guys. I can’t help it."
Lady Gaga has been vocal about her bisexuality and support of the LGBTQ+ community since the beginning of her career. In 2009, she said her song "Poker Face" was inspired by her often "think[ing] about women" while "having sex with her boyfriend." The following year, she discussed her bisexuality with Barbara Walters on a 20/20 interview.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!