e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition
Billie Eilish has been doing the growing up in public thing — her first charting single (“Ocean Eyes”) at just 16 — with an assured grace and refreshingly little controversy.
And in that time the now 22-year-old has scored two multi-platinum albums — with this year’s “Hit Me Hard and Soft” likely on the way — 13 Top 20 singles, a Bond theme (“No Time to Die”) and nine Grammy Awards, including Best New Artist in 2020. Not bad for an early career track record.
And on Monday night, Oct. 7, at Detroit’s Little Caesars Arena — just the sixth show of her Hit Me Hard and Soft: The Tour — Eilish demonstrated why her ascent is in no danger of stopping any time soon.
If her March 22 concert at LCA established that she was arena-ready, Monday’s 100-minute show before about 18,000, predominately young female fans in lookalike fashions who knew every. single. lyric, confirmed she’s mastered the venue and the form. Size matters in pop music, and the latest outing made its predecessor seem almost charmingly austere in comparison. This time out Eilish, following a well-received opening set from brothers Nate and Alex Wolff, performed to a long rectangular stage that took up much of the arena floor and allowed for 360-degree viewing. Her previous trio — with older brother and collaborator Finneas, who’s not part of this tour — has been replaced by a six-piece band with two backing vocalists for a fuller and more organic sound, although some potent subwoofers obscured the nuances in the more than two dozen songs.
And despite an array of visual effects — lasers, fire, a platform that elevated Eilish above the fray and video content above and even ON stage — there was a welcome kind of minimalism that insured the eye-candy seldom eclipsed the music.
That made sure that Eilish — sporting a World Famous Supreme Team T-shirt and long plaid shorts, as well as eyeglasses and a baseball cap for much of the night — was the main attraction, and she ran the show with confidence and authority. Even when she was seated — playing an acoustic guitar during “Male Fantasy” and “TV” or piano for a medley of “lovely,” “idontwannabeyouanymore” and “Ocean Eyes” — Eilish commanded attention. And she spent most of the night prowling and running around the stage perimeter, leaping to accent the arena-shaking EDM ecstasy of songs such as “Chihiro,” “Lunch,” “NDA,” “The Diner,” “ilomilo,” the chart-topping “bad guy,” “bury a friend” and “Oxytocin.”
Eilish also hit a small, elevated second stage on one end of the LCA floor for a rendition of her Charli XCX collaboration “Guess” and “everything i wanted.”
Vocally, meanwhile, Eilish particularly shined on the show’s quieter and more melodic songs — the aforementioned stripped-down selections as well as rick pop material such as “Wildflower,” “Skinny” and “Happier Than Ever.” “The Greatest” and “L’Amour De Ma Vie” had moments that could be described as torchy, and before “when the party’s over” Eilish asked for complete silence from the crowd in order to loop some vocal backgrounds over which she performed the song.
Some of those moments indicated that she could well steer in a Lady Gaga direction of jazzy standards, but the overall message of the night was that Eilish can capably handle just about anything she’d like — and that she’s built an audience that will follow her there. “I want you to stay/’Til I’m in the grave,” she sang in the closing “Birds of a Feather,” and that will certainly be the case if Eilish maintains the fearless creative spirit she’s demonstrated so far.
Eilish performs at the musical guest on the Oct. 19 episode of “Saturday Night Live,” 11:30 p.m. on NBC (WDIV, Channel 4 in Detroit).
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group