Sept. 27 (UPI) -- Lady Gaga released a new album Friday to coincide with the upcoming Joker sequel.
The music icon described Harlequin as "a companion album to Joker: Folie à Deux" in a social media post Tuesday. Gaga stars with Joaquin Phoenix in the film, which opens in theaters Oct. 4.

Listeners will recognize many tracks on Harlequin, as Lady Gaga covers classics like "Good Morning," "That's Life," and "If My Friends Could See Me Now."
A post announcing the release accumulated well over 800 comments and thousands of likes and re-shares within the first several hours.
"Album of the year," one fan wrote. "Your vocals are insane."
HARLEQUIN OUT NOW https://t.co/86Y4cI4M2N pic.twitter.com/0wVuWFJPUW— Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) September 27, 2024 

Sept. 27 (UPI) -- Lady Gaga released a new album Friday to coincide with the upcoming Joker sequel.
The music icon described Harlequin as "a companion album to Joker: Folie à Deux" in a social media post Tuesday. Gaga stars with Joaquin Phoenix in the film, which opens in theaters Oct. 4.

Listeners will recognize many tracks on Harlequin, as Lady Gaga covers classics like "Good Morning," "That's Life," and "If My Friends Could See Me Now."
A post announcing the release accumulated well over 800 comments and thousands of likes and re-shares within the first several hours.
"Album of the year," one fan wrote. "Your vocals are insane."
HARLEQUIN OUT NOW https://t.co/86Y4cI4M2N pic.twitter.com/0wVuWFJPUW— Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) September 27, 2024 

Fans raved over the new songs on YouTube, too.
Listeners who played "Good Morning" said it had a "classic Disney" feel.
One commenter suggested that late singer Tony Bennett, who collaborated with Lady Gaga on two albums, "would be very proud."



Gaga will release her seventh studio album in February, Variety reports, and that project's first single is set to drop in October.
On Wednesday, the pop singer posted a music video in which she identifies as the Joker as she walks through the Louvre in Paris.

Read More
Lady Gaga teases 'Harlequin,' a new album to accompany 'Joker' sequel
Lady Gaga, Joaquin Phoenix celebrate 'Joker' sequel
Lady Gaga, Joaquin Phoenix connect in new 'Joker: Folie à Deux' poster 


Topics
Joaquin PhoenixTony BennettLady Gaga



 
Latest Headlines







TV // 15 hours ago
Queen Latifah's 'Equalizer' canceled after 5 seasons
 May 3 (UPI) -- CBS has canceled Queen Latifah's "The Equalizer" after five seasons.










TV // 15 hours ago
Netflix casts its Ingalls family for 'Prairie' re-boot
 May 3 (UPI) -- Luke Bracy has signed on to play beloved patriarch Charles Ingalls in the upcoming Netflix re-boot of "Little House on the Prairie."










Music // 16 hours ago
SZA's 'SOS' tops U.S. album chart
 May 3 (UPI) -- Singer-songwriter SZA's "SOS" is the No. 1 album in the United States this week.










Entertainment News // 22 hours ago
Famous birthdays for May 3: Willie Geist, Rachel Zegler
 May 3 (UPI) -- TV journalist Willie Geist turns 50 and actor Rachel Zegler turns 24, among the famous birthdays for May 3.










Entertainment News // 1 day ago
Ruth Buzzi, comedian known for 'Laugh-In,' dies at 88
 May 2 (UPI) -- Ruth Buzzi, the actress and comedian who played Gladys on "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In," died Thursday. She was 88.










Music // 1 day ago
TXT releases 'Love Language,' first single of 2025
 May 2 (UPI) -- South Korean boy band Together X Tomorrow, better known as TXT, released "Love Language," their first single of 2025.










TV // 1 day ago
'The Chosen' gets Season 5 trailer, June premiere date
 May 2 (UPI) -- Prime Video is previewing "The Chosen: Last Supper," the fifth season of the historical drama starring Jonathan Roumie as Jesus. Season 5 arrives June 15.










Music // 1 day ago
Benny Blanco takes Selena Gomez to prom in 'Talk' music video
 May 2 (UPI) -- Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco released a single and music video for "Talk" alongside the deluxe version of their album "I Said I Love You First."










Music // 1 day ago
Ed Sheeran performs 'Old Phone' on 'Tonight Show'
 May 2 (UPI) -- Ed Sheeran performed "Old Phone" on "The Tonight Show" after releasing the song and its lyric video. His upcoming album, "Play," drops in September.










Entertainment News // 1 day ago
'Grand Theft Auto VI' delayed to May 2026
 May 2 (UPI) -- Rockstar Games announced Friday that the release of the highly anticipated video game "Grand Theft Auto VI" has been delayed to May 26, 2026.