A family of ticket touts sold tickets worth more than £6.5 million over a two-and-a-half-year period.
Lynda Chenery and Mark Woods were involved with TQ Tickets Ltd - a firm that resold tickets to shows including Ed Sheeran, Lady Gaga and Little Mix concerts. They were found guilty on Wednesday of fraudulent activity over their involvement in the "dishonest" Norfolk-based touting firm.
Maria Chenery-Woods, who is Woods's wife and Chenery's sister, and Chenery's ex-husband Paul Douglas, pleaded guilty to the offences at an earlier hearing.
READ MORE: 'I was in Strangeways... I had no idea this would ever happen to me'TQ Tickets used multiple identities, some fake, to buy large numbers of tickets for high profile music events on sites, including Ticketmaster, Leeds Crown Court heard.
The firm would then resell the tickets often at vastly inflated prices on secondary ticketing platforms such as Viagogo.
During the trial the jury heard statements from Mr Sheeran's manager Stuart Camp and promoter Stuart Galbraith, who described the "extensive measures" they went to as they tried to prevent the re-selling of tickets at inflated prices for the singer's 2018 UK stadium tour.
Following the verdicts, Mr Galbraith said: "Today's verdict is good news for live music fans, who are too often ripped off and exploited by greedy ticket touts."
Mr Camp said: "Ed Sheeran's 2018 summer stadium tour was when we really took a stand against online ticket touts. The low point for me had been one of his earlier Teenage Cancer Trust concerts, where tickets were listed on Viagogo for thousands of pounds, but with none of the money going to charity."
"Today's prosecution will help protect music fans and sets an important precedent in the live entertainment industry that I hope will be celebrated by live music fans."
The case of those involved with TQ Tickets follows an almost identical prosecution by National Trading Standards of a married couple who ran the London-based firm BZZ.
BZZ's Peter Hunter and David Smith were jailed for four years and two and a half years respectively in February 2020, following a landmark trial, and they were subsequently ordered to pay back more than £6.2 million by the court.
Jurors in the TQ Tickets trial heard that Chenery-Woods, who referred to herself as the Ticket Queen, was the driving force behind the company.
Jonathan Sandiford KC, prosecuting, opened the case saying: "What this case is about is greed and dishonesty. The two defendants were ticket touts."
He said: "They were part of a dishonest scheme that, over a number of years, exploited the love and passion that many of us have for our favourite pop bands, our favourite artists people like Ed Sheeran and so forth."
Mr Sandiford said they did this "in order to milk them for profits".
He said the actions of the firm, which included speculatively listing tickets for sale before they had even sourced them, sometimes led to fans being refused entry to venues or with poorer tickets than they paid for.
The prosecutor referred to practices including "doing a fraudie", which involved sending customers ripped envelopes to infer that the tickets had been lost in transit, or "using fraud juice", which involved the use of Tipp-Ex correcting fluid, or more sophisticated digital methods, to amend tickets.
Mr Sandiford said that in the period June 2015 to December 2017, the firm had sales in excess of £6.5 million on secondary ticket platforms.
Mr Sandiford said the firm bought 47,000 tickets during that period, using 127 names and 187 different email addresses.
Those within TQ Tickets communicated via Skype messages, which were shown to the jury.
In one message, Douglas said to Chenery-Woods that the purpose of the business is to "simply rinse consumers for as much profit as they are willing to pay".
Woods told the court he believed there was "nothing untoward" about his wife's business. He said TQ Tickets was an "obsession" for her, telling jurors: "She became completely obsessed. It took priority over me, the family, and it caused conflict."
Chenery said she did some book-keeping work for her sister's firm but did not think TQ Tickets was involved in any kind of fraud. She said she became company secretary after being asked by her sister, but this did not involve performing any duties.
Chenery, 51, and Woods, 59, both of Dickleburgh, near Diss, Norfolk, were found guilty of three counts of fraudulent trading.
Chenery-Woods, 54, also of Dickleburgh, and Douglas, 56, of Pulham Market, Norfolk, admitted the same offences.
All four defendants will now be sentenced at a later date.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.