Jon Jackson is a News Editor at Newsweek based in New York. His focus is on reporting on the Ukraine and Russia war. Jon previously worked at The Week, the River Journal, Den of Geek and Maxim. He graduated Summa Cum Laude with honors in journalism and mass communication from New York University. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
French authorities on Friday announced that seven people have been charged in connection with cyberbullying targeting Thomas Jolly, who served as the artistic director for the opening and closing ceremonies at the Paris Olympics.
The online attacks began after the controversial opening ceremony kicked off the games. The sequence Jolly created depicts a grand pagan feast with the gods of Olympus in attendance. A French singer painted blue humorously embodies the God of wine, Dionysus, at the forefront.
The 2024 Summer Olympics' opening ceremony took place on July 26 at sites across Paris as athletes traveled by boat along the Seine.
The spectacle highlighted France's rich culture and history, taking place at landmarks such as Notre-Dame, the Musée d'Orsay and the Eiffel Tower. Musical interludes were interspersed, including performances by French artists Gojira, Aya Nakamura and Juliette Armanet, as well as international stars Lady Gaga and Céline Dion.
The ceremony offended many Christian viewers, as well as politicians, who thought a scene featuring drag queens was meant to be a take on Leonardo Da Vinci's Last Supper, but Jolly denied being inspired by the painting of Jesus with the Twelve Apostles.
"You will never find in my work any desire to mock or denigrate anyone," Jolly said. "I wanted to create a ceremony that would repair, reconcile, and reaffirm the values that are those of our Republic."
Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo defended Jolly and slammed the backlash against the opening ceremony in an August interview with Le Monde.
"F*** the reactionaries, f*** this far right, f*** all of those who would like to lock us into a war of all against all," Hidalgo said to the French newspaper.
What Happened to Thomas Jolly?
Jolly filed a formal complaint with the Paris prosecutor's office on July 31 after he said he was abused online with homophobic and antisemitic slurs. The office responded by opening an investigation that resulted in the "first wave" of arrests, and more arrests are anticipated to follow as the probe continues.
The seven accused individuals range in age from 22 to 79. They face counts of death threats, aggravated insults and cyberbullying. If convicted, they face heavy fines and possible prison time. The seven people are set to appear in court on March 5, 2025.
The Paris prosecutor's office on Friday characterized the charges as serious while saying the suspects attempted to "intimidate and silence expressions of inclusivity" in a public event.
This article includes reporting from The Associated Press.
Jon Jackson is a News Editor at Newsweek based in New York. His focus is on reporting on the Ukraine and Russia war. Jon previously worked at The Week, the River Journal, Den of Geek and Maxim. He graduated Summa Cum Laude with honors in journalism and mass communication from New York University. Languages: English.
Jon Jackson is a News Editor at Newsweek based in New York. His focus is on reporting on the Ukraine and Russia war. Jon previously worked at The Week, the River Journal, Den of Geek and Maxim. He graduated Summa Cum Laude with honors in journalism and mass communication from New York University. Languages: English.
Jon Jackson is a News Editor at Newsweek based in New York. His focus is on reporting on the Ukraine                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC