On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking about The Tortured Poets Department's historic debut and what it means about Swift's unique position.

	The eye-popping debut of Taylor Swift‘s 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, is just the latest in a string of epic achievements from the music superstar.

	On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are wondering: With the project earning 2.61 million equivalent album units in the U.S. in the week ending April 25 — and traditional album sales comprising 1.914 million of that sum — could Swift be the last artist to sell a million-plus albums in one week?

	When you look back at every million-selling week since 2010, there are 11 weeks total (including TTPD), and seven of those are Swift’s. (Three others belong to Adele’s 25 and one is the debut week of Lady Gaga’s Born This Way.) Can anyone other than Swift hit that mark again? Or is she in a league of her own?

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Listen to our Pop Shop Podcast discussion below:

	Also on the show, we’ll be talking more about Swift’s massive debut at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart and how she dominates the Billboard Hot 100, as all 31 songs from the deluxe version of The Tortured Poets Department debut on the chart — including the entire top 14 — led by “Fortnight,” featuring Post Malone, at No. 1.

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.