A famous designer who has dressed celebrities like Rihanna has returned to Somerset.


  Renowned designer Nathan Slate, known for his work in fashion, ceramics, fragrances, jewellery, and homewares, has brought his trade back to Somerset alongside his work in Madeira.


  Mr Slate said: "I'm really excited to be back in Somerset again, bringing my creativity and artwork to the community here."


  After his time abroad to refresh and generate new ideas, he aims to offer his creativity to the Somerset art community.


  Previously known for founding the popular Taunton restaurant, Skewer House, he now focuses on a lower pace of life.


  He said: "Now my focus is on living a slower pace of life, creating art and sharing it with the community here.


  "I hope to create a space for others to collaborate with me and take part in a slow living revolution right here in Somerset."


  Mr Slate began his illustrious career in Essex, and they studied fashion design in London.


  He went onto dress A-list celebrities, including Lady Gaga and Naomi Campbell.


  He now shares his time between Somerset and Madeira Island and uses art as an escapism.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.