Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
After a successful run in theaters, Blake Lively and Justin Baldoni’s film “It Ends With Us” is now available to stream at home. 
The drama, which was released on Aug. 9, was previously available to rent and purchase on Prime Video. Now, fans of the best-selling novel are able to watch the movie adaptation on Netflix. 
“It Ends With Us” was added to the streaming giant on Dec. 9. 
Netflix shared the news in a post on X. 
“It Ends With Us is now on Netflix in the US. Starring Blake Lively, Justin Baldoni, and Brandon Sklenar. Based on the novel by Colleen Hoover,” Netflix’s tweet said. 
Baldoni directed “It Ends With Us” and also starred in the film alongside Lively, Sklenar, Jenny Slate and Hasan Minhaj. The cast, particularly Baldoni and Lively, dominated headlines this summer as social media users dissected interactions between the actors, questioning if the two leads were feuding. 
Some viewers also called out the movie for its portrayal of domestic abuse. A few survivors of domestic violence spoke to TODAY.com about “It Ends With Us” and shared how they felt the film handled the subject matter. 
Read on to learn how to watch “It Ends With Us” on multiple platforms. 
“It Ends With Us” is a movie adaptation of Colleen Hoover’s best-selling novel of the same name. The story follows a florist named Lily Bloom, played by Lively, who falls in love with a neurosurgeon named Ryle Kincaid, portrayed by Baldoni. Their picture-perfect relationship takes a turn when Ryle becomes violent toward Lily. 
Baldoni said during an interview with TODAY.com that he was protective over the storyline. 
“I’ve been a fierce protector of the book and Lily’s story and her emotional arc, and not wanting to change it much. That’s what I promised Colleen: I will protect this book,” he said. 
He added that he hoped the movie’s depiction of an abusive relationship “was done with truth and with integrity and with honesty.” 
“It Ends with Us” was a major success at the box office. Variety reported on Aug. 20 that the drama made $100 million domestically after just 11 days. 
Overseas, the movie continued to earn millions, with $187 earned at the global box office about a week after release. 
In September, the film reached another milestone, bringing in more than $309 million in global ticket sales, according to The Hollywood Reporter. 
That number cemented it as the top-grossing romantic drama since 2018’s “A Star Is Born,” starring Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper, the outlet said. 
“It Ends With Us” is available to rent or buy on Prime Video. 
As of Dec. 9, fans in the United States are able to stream the movie on Netflix. 
Ariana Brockington is a trending news reporter at TODAY digital. She is based in Los Angeles.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.