By 

	Selena Kuznikov


	American Film Institute alum Melina Matsoukas will deliver the keynote address at the AFI Directing Workshop for Women Showcase for the Class of 2024. The showcase will be held on April 10 at the Directors Guild of America in Los Angeles.  

	The Directing Workshop for Women Program helps to educates traditionally underrepresented filmmakers through the production cycle of a short film, providing hands-on instruction led by industry experts. Launched in 1974, the tuition-free program provides women with the opportunity to further their careers in the entertainment industry. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					Robert De Niro Shares 'Love and Support' for His Daughter Airyn After She Comes Out as Transgender: 'I Don't Know What the Big Deal Is'		
			








	The showcase provides an opportunity for the graduating cohort to premiere their short films to an audience of agency and studio representatives, as well as other artists from the creative community.




			Popular on Variety		






	Matsoukas is a filmmaker who made her feature directorial debut at the 2019 AFI Fest 2019 with “Queen & Slim,” starring Daniel Kaluuya and Jodie Turner-Smith, which she also produced. Matsoukas began her television career as an executive producer and director of the critically acclaimed HBO series “Insecure.” She most recently directed and executive produced “The Changeling” for Apple TV+. She has also directed music videos for Beyoncé, Jay-Z, Rihanna, Snoop Dogg and Lady Gaga.

	Presenting directors from AFI’s Class of 2024 are Vanessa Beletic, Chloë de Carvalho, Desdemona Chiang, Naomi Iwamoto, Huriyyah Muhammad, Joanne Mony Park, Kerry O’Neill and Roxy Toporowych. 

	“AFI’s dedication to empowering underrepresented artists and creating pathways for success in the director’s chair through our AFI DWW+ program has not wavered in 50 years,” said Susan Ruskin, dean of the AFI Conservatory and executive vice president of the American Film Institute. “Together with Melina, we look forward to honoring this year’s class of diverse directors as they debut their new films that will inspire their fellow artists and audiences alike.”
The Business of Entertainment