Game 1 of the second-round series between the Golden Knights and Edmonton Oilers is set for Tuesday at T-Mobile Arena, the NHL announced.
Marc-Andre Fleury talked to the Review-Journal after his career came to an end when the Golden Knights, his former team, eliminated the Wild on Thursday.
Across the U.S., the spring homebuying season is “lackluster” amid record-high costs and economy instability.
A person in a vehicle fired shots at another vehicle near in the northwest Las Vegas Valley on Saturday afternoon — and a person in a third vehicle was shot, police said.
The man accused of driving while impaired and killing an Arbor View High School student appeared in court Saturday.
A Pacific storm is expected to arrive in the Las Vegas Valley this weekend, bringing a chance of rain and below-normal temperatures into the region.
Honored in Las Vegas, columnist Norm Clarke’s final resting place will be his hometown of Terry, Mont.
Beyoncé was hit with a cease-and-desist letter from Sphere CEO James Dolan over a video in her “Cowboy Carter” tour in which the superstar picks up the Las Vegas venue.
The Mountain West and Pac-12 remain at a standstill over millions of dollars in exit fees and “poaching” fees that could decide the fate of both conferences.
The Metropolitan Police Department has said that Natalie Burton was struck April 20 by an SUV on West Tropicana Avenue just east of South Conquistador Street.
Add Raiders running back Ashton Jeanty to the growing list of players who got prank-called on NFL draft weekend.
An Arbor View High School senior was hit and killed by a vehicle, just steps from the school’s main entrance. Impairment was believed to be a factor in the crash.
A Las Vegas man was sentenced to prison by a federal judge after he solicited multiple children to engage in prostitution.
In an unprecedented move, the Bureau of Land Management called on a search for gold and rare earth minerals.
The Spring Jamboree festival has been held in Boulder City since 1977, and is considered the city’s first major public festival of the year, according to the city’s website.
Bishop Gorman’s James Whitaker, a Northwestern commit, is one of the state’s top pitchers. He also excels in the classroom as a talented artist.
The Clark County Building Department issued a permit valued at roughly $26.3 million for the new store under construction in the southwest valley.
The image, shared Friday night on the president’s Truth Social site and later reposted by the White House on its official X account, raised eyebrows on social media and at the Vatican.
The 2025 NFL draft is in the books, but the Raiders could still look to add at a few positions in free agency before training camp begins.
Whittier Trust’s internal investment team selectively partners with outside managers to yield higher returns. We call it our hybrid architecture. Our clients call it the best of both worlds. Internal + External Investing The investments we make on behalf of our clients fall into two categories: Those our internal investment team manages directly and those […]
Think performers wielding iconic props like blasters and light sabers, R2-D2 making it rain by firing cash in the air, and Han Solo gyrating to “Smooth Criminal,” to screams that reach the edge of the galaxy.
The Las Vegas Valley luxury home market is one of the few in the country that has been showing consistent growth since the COVID-19 pandemic, an executive said.
The area surrounding the Raiders’ $2 billion venue is largely industrial.
Though the bill died in the last Congress, Nevada’s federal delegation is re-upping the Help Hoover Dam Act. The bill has support from both sides of the political aisle.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP