Wicked is the talk of the town, at the moment. The brand-new blockbuster movie starring Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo has just been released to plenty of critical acclaim.
The Guardian called it an "enjoyable spectacle" while Vulture described it as "enchanting". And it's no real surprise that people are already loving the movie, considering the show it is based on has remained in London's West End for over ten years.
But, for the purist fans who want to see the show as it was meant to be enjoyed, the stage production isn't going anywhere, and tickets are cheaper than ever. And, considering the movie only tells half of the story, the live Wicked show is a full and complete story.
READ MORE: Wicked almost had a very different cast as Lady Gaga and Shawn Mendes lined for lead roles
READ MORE: Ariana Grande looks sensational as she steps out in London for Wicked film premiere
Wicked tickets are available right now from a number of online retailers. And, at the time of writing, there are some tickets available for less than £30.
LOVEtheatre has tickets on sale right now for just £28.25. These are some of the cheapest Wicked tickets around right now, so fans ought to snap them up if they want to see the show on a budget.
Otherwise, there are also tickets closer to the stage available at London Theatre Direct for £45. Which, all things considered, is still a fantastic deal.
Here's the links you need to get your tickets now:
Wicked's production is in residence at London's Apollo Victoria Theatre. This theatre is located in the West End on Wilton Road in the Westminster District of London.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.