By LILY JOBSON and KIRSTEN MURRAY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  16:59, 28 August 2024   |  Updated:  13:05, 29 August 2024   
 224
View  comments
You can forget The Beatles, because Wednesday evening conjured up a different kind of Fab Four as this year's Venice Film Festival opened with the premiere of eagerly anticipated fantasy sequel Beetlejuice Beetlejuice.
Gen Z poster-girl Jenna Ortega - the film's leading lady - led the glamour as she joined the equally stunning Cate Blanchett, Winona Ryder and Monica Bellucci on the red carpet. 
The young actress, 21, who stars as Astrid Deetz in the movie, looked incredibly glamorous in the ruffled thin-strapped ensemble and wore a striking swipe of red lipstick.
Meanwhile, Australian star Cate exuded glamour in a dazzling gold gown as she joined Jenna on the star-studded red carpet.
The actress, 55, looked sensational in an elegant strapless ensemble, adorned with glitzy embellishments around the bustier.
Cate - who joined the likes of Taylor Russell, Izabel Goulart and Poppy Delevingne - teamed her stunning look with towering silver court heels.
Jenna Ortega, 21, put on a daring display in a red cut-out gown as she led the stars on the red carpet at the Beetlejuice 2 premiere in at the Venice Film Festival on Wednesday evening
Harry Styles' ex-girlfriend Taylor, 30, put on a very risqué display, slipping into a see-through corset dress as she posed for snaps
Actress Monica Bellucci, 59, made a jaw-dropping arrival on the red carpet, donning a dramatic puff-sleeve plunging gown.
Star of the film Winona Ryder, 52, who plays main character Lydia in the movie, wowed in a ruffled skirt with a quirky suit jacket.
Bettlejuice Bettlejuice's onscreen mother-daughter duo Jenna and Winona complimented one another with black and red contrasting skirts.
Monica - who plays Delores in the movie - arrived alongside her partner Tim Burton, who is the director of the movie. 
Harry Styles' ex-girlfriend Taylor put on a very risqué display, slipping into a see-through corset dress as she posed for snaps. 
Featuring a long white trail with lace detailing, Taylor made sure to flash plenty of skin in the stylish number as she graced the red carpet.
Meanwhile Brazilian model Izabel joined shortly behind Cate and Taylor, turning heads in an all black ensemble with a glitzy skirt.
The stunner, 39, opted for a strapless black dress which featured a high leg split which showed off a sparkly underlayer. 
Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz skip David's birthday dinner
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Fan regrets paying $700 to go to Cowboy Carter for shock view
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Danny Beard reveals why he still has love for Mickey Rourke
Bridget Jones author reveals she was 'groped' while at the BBC
Jenna flashed her long legs in the semi-sheer mesh skirt as she struck a pose on the red carpet during Wednesday's premiere 
The cast of Beetlejuice Beetlejuice descended onto the carpet (pictured L-R: Catherine O'Hara, Willem Dafoe, Michael Keaton, Monica Bellucci, Tim Burton, Winona Ryder, Jenna Ortega, Justin Theroux and Arthur Conti)
Jenna sweetly waved to fans on the sidelines as she graced the carpet with co-star Winona Ryder on Wednesday evening 
The young actress lifted her skirt up for one photo
Jenna wowed in the backless garment while posing for pics on the carpet
Jenna looked the epitome of chic as she gracefully turned around for a photo with her team
Beetlejuice Beetlejuice onscreen mother-daughter duo Jenna and Winona complimented one another with black and red contrasting skirts 
Winona shared a sweet hug with director of Beetlejuice Tim Burton
She arrived with her doting husband Scott Mackinlay Hahn
Cate Blanchett looked sensational in an elegant strapless ensemble, adorned with glitzy embellishments around the bustier
Cate opted out of accessorises to allow her dress to shine
Elsewhere amongst the star-studded turnout, Cara Delevingne's older sister Poppy, 38, arrived at the premiere in a satin plunging suit. 
American actress and film producer Sigourney Weaver, 74, showed off her age-defying beauty in a low-cut sequin cardigan and black skirt. 
Catherine O'Hara, 70, looked incredibly glamorous in a aztec-style ensemble, adorned with flower motifs and a stylish black clutch bag.
She arrived alongside her supportive production husband Bo Welch, 72, who sported a dapper black three-piece suit. 
Willem Dafoe, 69, cut a dapper display in a navy and black suit as he beamed on the red carpet with his arms in the air. 
He looked more than loved-up as he walked along the carpet holding hands with his beloved wife Giada Colagrande. 
Monica Bellucci nearly suffered a wardrobe malfunction in her plunging gown
Monica - who plays Delores in the movie - arrived alongside her partner Tim Burton, who is the director of the movie
The couple looked more than loved-up as they arrived hand-in-hand
Featuring a long white trail with lace detailing, Taylor made sure to flash plenty of skin in the stylish number as she graced the red carpet
The actress made sure to flash plenty of skin in the stylish number, which featured an elaborate skirt featuring lace detailing 
Taylor commanded attention in her stunning red carpet attire
Rating:
How dispiritingly apt it is in this cinematic universe of sequels and franchises that the picture chosen to open the world's most venerable film festival should be Tim Burton's follow-up to his 1988 hit Beetlejuice, long-awaited by just about nobody. Nobody I know, anyway.
The 81st Venice Film Festival opened last night with an impressive cluster of stars on the red carpet, but the movie they were here to celebrate – Beetlejuice Beetlejuice - is not quite worthy of the honour.
The 1988 original was a comedy-horror classic, which to paraphrase the title of one of the decade's best-known songs, showed that some ghouls just want to have fun.
It was a further indication after Pee-Wee's Big Adventure (1985) that Burton, then still in his mid-twenties, had an outsize imagination. And a couple of years later the point was reinforced by the gloriously weird Edward Scissorhands (1990).
But the first Beetlejuice was very much of its time: a camp, vampy, Reagan-era mickey-take of yuppies and consumerism. Hard as screenwriters Alfred Gough and Miles Millar strain to imbue this sequel with the same spirit, they don't really pull it off.
Winona who starred in the original movie in 1988 when she was 16-years-old, has reprised her role as Lydia in Tim Burton‘s Beetlejuice sequel.
Previously Winona admitted she found it 'hard to imagine' a sequel of the hit movie as she had imagined her character being 'alone' in an 'attic'.
She told Slash Film: 'I think certainly, I never pictured Lydia either having children or in any type of relationship. I just always thought she was just probably in her own world as she got older. Just sort of in the attic and happy, but alone.'
Winona and her onscreen daughter struck up a close bond on set with Jenna previously gushing of working with Winona: 'She was so warm and welcoming and kind and inviting right from the jump, and I couldn't be more grateful,' she told the New York Times.
'It was at a time where my career was taking a different turn, and I didn't realize that I needed that from somebody who could relate, but I did,' she said, adding that she was in a 'transformative' period in her life after shooting to overnight superstardom on Netflix's Wednesday.
Beetlejuice Beetlejuice is opening the Venice Film Festival on Thursday.
Sigourney Weaver meanwhile will receive the prestigious Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement award during the festival.
Izabel Goulart blew kisses to the crowd on the star-studded red carpet after arriving in a strapless black dress
Brooklyn Beckham and Nicola Peltz skip David's birthday dinner
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
David Beckham shares his excitement ahead of 50th birthday
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Fan regrets paying $700 to go to Cowboy Carter for shock view
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Bridget Jones author reveals she was 'groped' while at the BBC
Poppy Delevingne opted for a sophisticated ensemble, slipping into a chic satin black suit which she teamed with dazzling Boucheron jewellery
The model cheekily flashed her cleavage and went braless in the oversized unbuttoned  blazer
American actress and film producer Sigourney Weaver (left) showed off her age-defying beauty in a low-cut sequin cardigan and black skirt, while Catherine O'Hara (right) looked glamorous in a aztec-style ensemble, adorned with flower motifs
She arrived alongside her supportive production husband Bo Welch, who sported a dapper black three-piece suit
Willem Dafoe, 69, cut a dapper display in a navy and black suit as he beamed on the red carpet with his arms in the air
He looked more than loved-up as he walked along the carpet holding hands with his beloved wife Giada Colagrande
Amy Jackson looked sensational in a dazzling gown as she attended the Beetlejuice Beetlejuice premiere
She showed off her amazing figure in the black and silver strapless gown which boasted a netted neckline and an eye catching semi-sheer long skirt
Sigourney said ahead of receiving the prize: 'I am truly honored to receive the Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement from La Biennale di Venezia.'
'To be gifted this award is a privilege I share with all the filmmakers and collaborators I have worked with throughout the years. I proudly accept this award in celebration of all who have helped bring these films to life.' 
The 81st Venice International Film Festival is organised by La Biennale di Venezia and will be held on the Lido di Venezia from 28 August to 7 September 2024. 
As well as Sigourney and the Beetlejuice Beetlejuice cast there is an array of A-listers expected to descend in Venice over the coming days.
George Clooney is already in town, alongside his wife Amal, for the debut of his anticipated new movie Wolfs - the Jon Watts-directed heist thriller that reunites him with Oceans 11 co-star Brad Pitt.
Both George and Brad will be attendance at the September 1 screening.
Brad's ex wife Angelina Jolie is also due in Venice to promote the film Maria, in which she plays opera legend Maria Callas.
Sources indicate that the schedules have been arranged so that the warring couple - who continue to be embroiled in legal action eight years after they split - will not be at the film festival at the same time. 
Earlier in the day, Cate made sure all eyes were in her as she gave a sweet wave to fans while arriving into the film festival
Another major screening is Joker: Folie à Deux on September 4. The premiere of the sequel will welcome stars Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga to the Venice red carpet. 
Daniel Craig will also be at the festival to promote his movie Queer, which screens on September 3. 
Venice regulars Julianne Moore and Tilda Swinton are in town for Pedro Almodóvar’s English-language debut The Room Next Door while Nicole Kidman is screening her erotic thriller Babygirl on August 30.
Pupi Avati's The American Backyard will close the festival on September 7.
I see a number of older women on that red carpet w...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group