Margot Robbie was already a massive star when she first took on the role of Harley Quinn. Now, almost 10 years later, she’s only become more famous and popular, especially after starring in and producing the biggest movie of 2023, Barbie. She certainly doesn’t need to come back to the role, especially with the DC Universe about to reboot, but DC Films president James Gunn recently suggested that the role is still hers.
“I haven’t talked to Margot about Harley for a long time,” Gunn, who directed her as the character in 2021 The Suicide Squad,  said on Threads. “But I’d love to work with her again as Harley or someone else. There are no plans at this time for anyone else to play Harley (I mean, other than in Todd [Phillips]’s movie or the animated show/s.)”
The quote came in response to a fan asking about Robbie’s recent comments to Variety about Lady Gaga playing the character in the aforementioned Todd Phillips movie, Joker: Folie à Deux. “I always wanted Harley to be a character that would get passed on to other actresses to play, the way there are so many iconic male characters. That was always the dream for her,” Robbie said. “Harley’s so fun and can go in so many different directions. You put her in someone else’s hands, and it’s like, ‘What are they going to do with her?’ The options are endless.”
As Gunn mentions, the Gaga/Joker version of Harley and the animated series are independent of the film universe he’s helping create for DC. In that universe, there isn’t an established Harley yet, which leaves the door open for Robbie to return.  But Robbie’s quotes about other actresses getting to play the character feel very much like her gracefully suggesting she’d be more than okay letting someone else take the role.
So will Robbie swing Harley’s bat ever again? If you’re Gunn and Warner Bros., of course you would like one of the most famous, marketable actresses in the entire world to star in your films. That’s the biggest no-brainer ever. Gunn even says he’d be open to her playing someone else in the universe. However, especially after Birds of Prey failed to connect, it sure does sound like Robbie is ready to let someone else step up to the plate in this new universe. Ultimately though, that’ll be her decision.
Want more io9 news? Check out when to expect the latest Marvel, Star Wars, and Star Trek releases, what’s next for the DC Universe on film and TV, and everything you need to know about the future of Doctor Who.

DC UniverseHarley QuinnJames GunnJokerTodd PhillipsWarner Bros. 

          Get the best tech, science, and culture news in your inbox daily.
        

          News from the future, delivered to your present.
        

      Please select your desired newsletters and submit your email to upgrade your inbox.
    

          James Gunn and his team have decided to move on from the Luca Guadagnino DC adaptation.
        

          Zach Cregger's follow up to Barbarian is living up to some very creepy expectations.
        

          Leave the chickens at home when you see Minecraft, but do make sure you're singing the songs in the right key.
        

          Fear not, international fans: the James Gunn-helmed movie will indeed open July 11.
        

          DreamWorks Animation, Sony Pictures Animation, Walt Disney Animation, LAIKA, WB Animation, and more have contributed to the fundraising efforts.
        

          After he makes Black Panther 3 for Marvel, the acclaimed director will return to Warner Bros. for future collaborations.
        
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
©2025 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us