Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Performances will take place on April 9th and 10th.
POPULAR
Renowned Venezuelan artist Migguel Anggelo and his long-time collaborator Jaime Lozano are set to make a triumphant return to Joe's Pub. The dynamic duo is back at the popular venue, ready to captivate audiences with their unique blend of music, dance, and theater.
Migguel Anggelo and Jaime Lozano have a history of successful collaborations, and their upcoming performance at Joe's Pub on April 9th and 10th, at 7 pm promises to be no exception. The show was conceived by Migguel Anggelo with the book by C. Julian Jiménez, and under the direction of Adrian Alexander Alea. Original songs by both artists will be featured, as well as stunning arrangements by the award-winning musical theatre writer Jaime Lozano, who is widely regarded as the 'next big thing on Broadway.'
In this highly anticipated performance, Migguel Anggelo will showcase his versatility by performing in both English and Spanish. Through his music and artistry, Migguel will delve into the intricate connections between his Latino immigrant identity and his relentless pursuit of freedom.
 The production will seamlessly blend original compositions with reinterpreted music, creating a captivating experience transcending language barriers. A sing-along to favorite tunes that span the decades, from artists like Vicente Fernandez, Simon Diaz, Beyonce, Lady Gaga, and Migguel Anggelo himself.
Joe's Pub has been a cherished home for Migguel Anggelo and Jaime Lozano's performances, and their return is met with great excitement. With their previous shows receiving widespread acclaim, including a critically successful 2023 Under the Radar Festival run and a subsequent national tour, the anticipation for LatinXOXO's return is palpable.
Tickets for Migguel Anggelo and Jaime Lozano's performances at Joe's Pub are priced at $35 (exclusive of service fee). It is important to note that there is a 2-drink or 1 food item minimum per person for every show at Joe's Pub. To secure your spot and witness the magic of Migguel Anggelo and Jaime Lozano, visit the official website of Joe's Pub.
Joe's Pub
425 Lafayette Street
(at Astor Place)
https://publictheater.org/productions/joes-pub/2024/m/migguel-anggelo/
Migguel Anggelo is a Venezuelan-American avant-garde artist who explores all possible performing arts: he is a songwriter, multidisciplinary performing artist, countertenor, dancer, actor, and painter. The Miami and Brooklyn-based artist invokes muses from art history, harnessing this lineage in effortlessly forward-thinking ways. He mines from his journeys as a Latino immigrant and a queer man: a fountain of source material to explore shared human experiences. He expresses himself through costume, musical composition, movement, and theater work, evoking the "showmanship of Desi Arnaz, and the performance art of Klaus Nomi" (Theater Scene). His lyrical movement recalls Marcel Marceau, and his comic timing alludes to Charles Chaplin. Marked by pop ambition, he nods towards the likes of David Bowie and Freddy Mercury. With unabashed theatricality, Migguel Anggelo straddles decades, genres, and cultures. www.migguelanggelo.com 
Jaime Lozano is a Mexican multi-hyphenate musical theatre storyteller considered by Lin-Manuel Miranda as the “next big thing” on Broadway. American Theatre Wing's Jonathan Larson Grant 2022. Joe's Pub Working Group 2020-2022. The Civilians R&D Group 2020-2021. JACK Resident Artist 2021. Lincoln Center Resident Artist 2023. Selected works: El Otro Oz -formerly The Yellow Brick Road- (Off-Broadway & National Tour), Carmen La Cubana (European Tour), Children of Salt (NYMF 2016 “Best of Fest” Production), A Never-Ending Line (Comédie Nation in Paris, France & Off-Broadway), Savage (UAB at Birmingham), Present Perfect (Live & In Color), Desaparecidas (JACK). Albums: “A Never-Ending Line,” “Jaime Lozano and the Familia: Songs by an Immigrant” released by Broadway Records. Film: “In The Heights” (orchestrations), “Tick, Tick… Boom!” (cameo in Broadway composers scene). His project “Jaime Lozano & The Familia” has performed sold out concerts at prestigious venues such as Joe's Pub, 54 Below, The Green Room 42, Two River Theater, and more recently as part of the prestigious Lincoln Center's American Songbook Series. His anticipated new album “Songs by an Immigrant Vol. 2” was released by Grammy Award winner label Concord Theatrical Recordings. Currently working on “Broadway en Spanglish” album, Roja, Desaparecidas and Frida, The Musical. He is part of the faculty of The New School and Berklee NYC. BFA: Music & Composition, Universidad Autónoma de Nuevo León; MFA: NYU/Tisch, Graduate Musical Theatre Writing Program (Full Tuition Scholarship.) He was part of the BMI Lehman Engel Musical Theatre Workshop. Proud member of the Dramatists Guild of America, AFM Local 802, BMI and GRAMMY and Latin GRAMMY voting member. Mi Henrucha hermosa, mi Alonzo y Ely Aimé. TE AMO. TODO. SIEMPRE. jaimelozano.net IG: @jaimelozano
Inside a one-room apartment on the outskirts of Seoul, Oliver lives a happily quiet life listening to jazz records and caring for his favorite plant. But what else is there to do when you’re a HelperBot 3, a robot that has long been retired and considered obsolete? When his fellow HelperBot neighbor Claire asks to borrow his charger, what starts as an awkward encounter leads to a unique friendship, a surprising adventure, and maybe even...love?
Musicians union AFM Local 802 President Bob Suttmann has issued a statement following the news that the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) is cancelling grants following President Trump's attempt to eliminate the NEA: 
San Francisco International Arts Festival has lost a 20K NEA pledge in the midst of its two-week program due to Trump cuts to the agency. The grant award was originally made in November 2024.
The National Endowment for the Arts has canceled numerous grants to arts organizations following President Trump's proposal to eliminate the agency, impacting theaters and nonprofits across the U.S.
Lewin Productions will present private, by-invitation only industry presentations of Going Bacharach: The Songs of an Icon, a new revue created by Will Friedwald, Adrian Galante, Tedd Firth and Jack Lewin, and directed by Bill Castellino.
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy