ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
PARIS, FRANCE - NOVEMBER 30:  (L-R) Alessandra Ambrosio, Bruno Mars, Lady Gaga and Martha Hunt walk ... More the runway during the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show at Le Grand Palais on November 30, 2016 in Paris, France. Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars's “Die with a Smile” is set to debut at No. 1 on Billboard's Digital Song Sales chart, bringing both stars back to the summit. (Photo by Stephane Cardinale - Corbis/Corbis via Getty Images)
Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars unleashed their duet “Die with a Smile” a little more than a week ago to rave reviews and applause from fans of both musicians. From the moment it arrived, it was clear that the artists had something special on their hands with their first-ever collaboration. Now, the numbers are in, and it’s clear that the singers have produced a smash together.
“Die with a Smile” will debut at No. 1 on the Digital Song Sales chart when it’s refreshed by Billboard in a matter of hours. According to the magazine and chart company, the tune will launch as high as a title can climb on the weekly list of the bestselling tracks in the country.
Billboard states that in its first seven days of availability, “Die with a Smile” sold 21,000 copies. That will prove to be enough to unseat Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” which is currently leading the purchase-only roster. That tune is set to fall just one spot to No. 2.
“Die with a Smile” will mark Mars’ ninth trip to the summit on the Digital Song Sales chart. Gaga has claimed just one additional smash, with an even 10 thanks to her latest champion.
While Gaga and Mars beat Shaboozey when it comes to sales, they couldn’t quite push him off the throne on the Hot 100. “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” has already been named the winner for this coming frame, as it will lead the ranking of the most-consumed cuts in the country for a seventh nonconsecutive turn.
“Die with a Smile,” meanwhile, will open at No. 3 on the Hot 100. That’s an impressive starting position for the throwback-sounding song, and it brings both musicians back to the top 10 on the competitive list.
For the moment, “Die with a Smile” is a standalone single. Neither Gaga nor Mars have yet commented on whether it will be featured on either of their forthcoming albums, or perhaps if it will forever be on its own.