Scattered thunderstorms in the morning. Partly cloudy skies late. Gusty winds and small hail are possible. High 78F. Winds SSW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 40%..
                                
Mostly clear skies. Low near 60F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph.
 Updated: May 4, 2025 @ 12:52 am
Maggie Rogers and The Japanese House are playing at Credit One Stadium this month.
EDITOR’S NOTE: To submit an event, go to postandcourier.com/calendar.
Thursday 
Sunrise Tea Farm Creek Canoe Trip
What: Paddle into Tea Farm Creek alongside a trained naturalist as the sun rises to witness firsthand how human history has impacted the landscapes around us. View one of the only naturalized understories of tea plants in the country as you travel through abandoned rice fields and forests that have been reclaimed by salt marsh. Paddles, life jackets and canoes are provided to all participants. Registration is for ages 12 and up. A registered, paid chaperone is required for participants ages 15 and under.
When: 6-9 a.m. June 20
Where: Caw Caw Interpretive Center, 5200 Savannah Highway, Ravenel
Price: $35
More Info: tinyurl.com/mrxemycv
District 7770’s Rotary National Golf Tournament
What: The fourth annual Rotary National Golf Invitational will be a time to enjoy food, drinks and golf all in order to raise funds for two very important charities: CART (Coins For Alzheimer’s Research) and End Polio Now. Charleston National Golf Club is a unique Rees Jones design featuring a course carved along the intracoastal waterway through natural wetlands, lagoons and a forest.
When: 9:30 a.m. June 20
Where: Charleston National Golf Club, 1360 National Drive, Mount Pleasant
Price: $200 participants, Free non-participants
More Info: 843-737-2549, rnginvitational.com, digit@cbrealty.com
Director-led Gibbes Tour
What: Take a closer look at the Gibbes permanent collection — including a recent acquisition of art featuring scenes from the Charleston peninsula by Edward Hopper — with Director of the Gibbes Angela Mack.
When: 2-3 p.m. June 20
Where: Gibbes Museum, 135 Meeting St., Charleston
Price: Free for members, $6-$12 public
More Info: 843-722-2706, tinyurl.com/msas8j2b
Juneteenth Jubilee
What: A historic celebration of freedom and unity. Experience the power of Emancipation Day with art, textile exhibits, kids’ activities, self-care goodies, food and drinks, community and a special poetry performance from Lucky Virgo.
When: 5:30-8:30 p.m. June 20
Where: Public Works Art Center, 135 West Richardson Ave., Summerville
Price: Free
More Info: 843-900-3225, tinyurl.com/truxf5m3, jen@publicworksartcenter.org
Madeira Wine Workshop
What: Join museum curators along with Brittany Olson, certified sommelier and owner of Love & Bunches, for a special workshop on Madeira wine in their Historic Cocktail and Spirits Series. Learn about the “immortal wine” and its influence in Charleston’s history while observing items from the museum’s history and archaeology collections that are not exhibited for the public. Tickets include three wine tastings, a full glass of wine and light bites.
When: 6-7:30 p.m. June 20
Where: The Charleston Museum, 360 Meeting St., Charleston
Price: $60-$75
More Info: 843-722-2996, tinyurl.com/5d6pr2cy, bdalesandro@charlestonmuseum.org
‘Maggie Rogers: ‘Don’t Forget Me’
What: Alternative-indie musical sensation Maggie Rogers stops in Charleston on her “Don’t Forget Me” tour with special guest The Japanese House.
When: 7:30 p.m. June 20
Where: Credit One Stadium, 161 Seven Farms Drive, Charleston
Price: $29.50-$99.50
More Info: shop.maggierogers.com/pages/tour
Friday 
Summer ‘Camp’
Medusa Chaos performs during the Chappell Roan concert on May 20, 2024, at Firefly Distillery in North Charleston.
What: Hosted by local Lady Gaga impersonator and cosplay queen, Medusa Chaos, tap in to this queer dance party in your most extravagant camp attire. DJ Jomajesty will keep the music bumping while Lily’s burlesque pull out the moves. All proceeds will be donated to AFFA (Alliance For Full Acceptance). Ages 18 and over.
When: 9:30 p.m. June 21
Where: Music Farm, 32 Ann St., Charleston
Price: $15
More Info: musicfarm.com/event/summer-camp
Disney’s ‘The Aristocats KIDS’
What: Based on the Disney animated film, featuring that jazzy score “Disney’s The Aristocats KIDS” show pads into Flowertown — full of frisky feline fun. Bring the family out and support these young performers as they take center stage.
When: Varying times June 21-22
Where: Flowertown Players, 133 S. Main St., Summerville
Price: $7
More info: flowertownplayers.org/special-events
Reggae Nights
Reggae Nights Summer Concert Series at James Island County Park.
What: The second concert of the 2024 Reggae Nights Summer Concert Series featuring local Lowcountry group Da’ Gullah Rootz with their rich Angolan heritage. They’ve been performing their Gullah-Geechee style reggae since 1990 influenced by artists like The Wailers, Steel Pulse and Bob Dylan. Local food trucks and vendors will be selling food and beverages including beer, wine and Coke products. Bring blankets and chairs for seating in the meadow. All ages, rain or shine, dogs on leashes. Free to Gold Pass holders.
When: 8 p.m. June 21
Where: James Island County Park, 871 Riverland Drive, Charleston
Price: $20-$30 per vehicle
More Info: ccprc.com/1619/Reggae-Nights
Saturday 
New Realm’s 6th Anniversary
What: Cruise on over to New Realm’s Jimmy Buffett-inspired 6th anniversary celebration in your flip-flops and favorite Hawaiian shirt. Enjoy the “Margaritaville” vibe with a boat show, a margarita bar and beach games. Relax and sip on their exclusive 6th anniversary beer while grooving to live music from local bands Ocean Drive Party Band and Groove Kitty.
When: Noon June 22
Where: New Realm Brewing, 880 Island Park Drive, Daniel Island
Price: Free
More Info: tinyurl.com/27bb8a22, hcannon@newrealmbrewing.com
WVU Lowcountry Mountaineers BBQ Bash
What: Join more than 200 Mountaineers here in the Lowcountry for the 17th annual Charles Drake Memorial Scholarship Fund. This family-friendly event includes all-you-can-eat BBQ from Martin’s Bar-B-Cue Joint, the Pepperoni Roll Bake-Off, with live music from Charleston-based cover band, High 5.
When: 1-4 p.m. June 22
Where: Holliday Alumni Center, The Citadel, 69 Hagood Ave., Charleston
Price: $10-$30
More Info: lowcountryeers.com/BBQ.html
Juneteenth Gospel Jubilee
What: Tune in to this jubilee featuring choir and worship performances from The Canton Spirituals, The Mighty Clouds of Joy, Luther Barnes and The Spiritual QC’s.
When: 7 p.m. June 22
Where: North Charleston Coliseum & Performing Arts Center, 5001 Coliseum Drive, North Charleston
Price: $50-$80
More Info: tinyurl.com/ycphexa4
Holy City Dance Festival
What: Collective SC, a Charleston-based professional contemporary dance company, will present its first production — Holy City Dance Festival — a fresh perspective on contemporary dance in hopes of inspiring growth in the Southeastern dance community.
When: 7 p.m. June 22
Where: South of Broadway Theatre, 3346 Rivers Ave., North Charleston
Price: $20
More info: tinyurl.com/5n6u4brn
Sunday 
Pride Bar Crawl
What: Wear your best walking shoes and brightest attire — it’s the annual Pride Bar Crawl, where the Pride spirit and good times come together. Meet new friends and connect to a community that celebrates inclusion. A portion of every ticket sold goes directly to pride nonprofit organizations nationwide.
When: 4 p.m.-midnight June 23
Where: Ritual Rooftop Restaurant & Lounge, 145 Calhoun St. Unit 301, Charleston
Price: $10-$30
More Info: tinyurl.com/4j9w72hc
Legacy in Black
What: Following a week of education and celebration in the spirit of Juneteenth, join IAAM in honoring the past while also inspiring a bright future with this special awards reception held to recognize the achievements and contributions of African Americans in the Lowcountry community. This black-tie event shines a well-deserved spotlight on the heroes within our community who have upheld the hard-fought legacy of freedom and empowerment.
When: 6:30-10 p.m. June 23
Where: International African American Museum, 14 Wharfside St., Charleston
Price: $48.20
More Info: iaamuseum.org/event/black-legacy
Rooftop Luau
Aerial view of Hotel Bennett’s rooftop bar, where the Rooftop Luau will take place June 23, 2024.
What: Partnering with Malibu Rum, Fiat Lux will be hosting a Rooftop Luau. Check out the views of downtown Charleston as the sun sets with local art by Indulgeinart, tropical cocktails, DJ music and a fire eater.
When: From 7-10 p.m. June 23
Where: Fiat Lux, Hotel Bennett, 404 King St., Charleston
Price: Free
More Info: tinyurl.com/2nbxyauj
Music in Nature: A Classical Children’s Concert
What: An interactive classical concert for the whole family with flute, violin, viola and cello by The Anson Quartet with support from the Charleston Symphony Orchestra League. Stick around after the performance to meet the performers at the “instrument petting zoo.” All ages are welcome. Registration suggested.
When: 3-4 p.m. June 23
Where: St. Johannes Lutheran Church, 48 Hasell St., Charleston
Price: Free
More Info: tinyurl.com/2pt727rp
Monday 
Daniel Island’s Got Talent
What: A showcase of local talent from singers to dancers, magicians to comedians. The audience are the judges in the first part of this talent show series.
When: 6-9 p.m. June 24
Where: New Realm Brewing, 880s Island Park Drive, Daniel Island
Price: Free
More Info: tinyurl.com/35p7kh4h, hcannon@newrealmbrewing.com
The Frank White Experience
What: Witness the flow that The Frank White Experience brings to the stage as it pays homage to the legendary rapper Notorious B.I.G with a live band performance, featuring special guests Slim S.O.U.L and MoonKatDaddi.
When: 6 p.m. June 24
Where: The Pour House, 1977 Maybank Highway, James Island
Price: $15
More Info: tinyurl.com/39tze9ez
Lisa Wingate at Buxton Books
What: An author talk and book signing with Lisa Wingate, New York Times bestselling author of “Before We Were Yours,” discussing her latest release, “Shelterwood.”
When: 6 p.m. June 24
Where: Buxton Books, 160 King St., Charleston
Price: $30
More Info: 843-723-1670, tinyurl.com/bd732nh, becky@buxtonbooks.com
Tuesday 
JMSN
What: American singer, songwriter and producer JMSN performs his Indian hip-hop tracks with special guest 2oo7.
When: 8:30 p.m. June 25
Where: Music Farm, 32 Ann St., Charleston
Price: $22-$34
More Info: tinyurl.com/yb2drdek
Wednesday 
Art of Jazz — Sta.La.V.
What: A night of creative musical expression ranging from soul and funk to jazz to gospel to reggae featuring Stachia Simmons (Sta.La.V.), vocalist, instrumentalist, harmonic arranger and producer. She has performed with several notable Lowcountry musicians, such as Quiana Parler, Charlton Singleton as well as national jazz saxophonist Paul Shiltz. This performance marks the first evening of Charleston Jazz’s Art of Jazz Series.
When: 6-7:30 p.m. June 26
Where: Gibbes Museum, 135 Meeting St., Charleston
Price: $15-$45
More Info: charlestonjazz.com/event/art-of-jazz-sta-la-v
News Clerk
News Clerk
Delaney Elder is a News Clerk for the Post and Courier. She
graduated from Warner University. She contributes to The Post and
Courier's arts and entertainment section, Charleston Scene.

Delaney Elder is a News Clerk for the Post and Courier. She
graduated from Warner University. She contributes to The Post and
Courier's arts and entertainment section, Charleston Scene.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

, Post and Courier, an Evening Post Publishing Newspaper Group. All rights reserved. | Terms of Sale