A new era for LCI Barcelona
October 2024 marks the inauguration of LCI Barcelona’s new, purpose-built campus, located at the heart of the 22@ innovation district. The state-of-the-art facility reinforces LCI Education’s commitment to sustainability and innovation. Certified BREEAM® for its energy-efficient design, the building’s 11,000 m² accommodates 2,500 students in cutting-edge labs, FabLabs, photography studios, and collaborative workspaces that prioritize creativity and experimentation. The new European hub strengthens LCI Education’s role in shaping future generations of creative professionals. A global network with a local impact
LCI Barcelona, as part of the LCI Education community, is the most international School of Design and Visual Arts in the city, dedicated to a truly global educational experience. With 23 campuses across five continents, LCI Education is a vast international community of shared ideas and experiences that enhance academic and professional development. The launch of this new campus represents LCI Education’s ongoing commitment to expanding access to quality education worldwide. The financial impact of the new campus is projected to exceed €40 million over the next five years, driven primarily by international learners. By fostering global talent and contributing to the local economy, LCI Barcelona is playing a pivotal role in shaping the future of the city’s creative industries.Equipped for experiential learning and industry connections
LCI Barcelona’s creative multiverse includes a diverse range of programs in the fields of art, design, and communication; fashion; and gaming, animation, and VFX. Programs span various credentials, including bachelor’s, postgraduate, and master’s degrees, as well as professionalization and short courses. LCI Barcelona’s experiential, learner-focused education model prioritises hands-on experience through real-world projects led by expert mentors and in partnership with industry leaders. An institution with deep roots and a legacy of success
Founded in 1928 by Felicidad Duce, a pioneering figure in fashion education, FD Moda established itself as a leading institution in fashion education, empowering generations of creative professionals, thanks to the mentorship of renowned figures like Pedro Rodriguez. In 2013, FD Moda joined the global LCI Education community, expanding its academic offerings and international reach. LCI Barcelona’s rich legacy is reflected in the success of its alums, including Domingo Rodríguez Lázaro, founder of the Dominnico brand worn by Lady Gaga, Beyoncé, and Rosalía; Josep Font, former creative director of Delpozo; María Escoté, whose avant-garde designs have dressed stars like Katy Perry and Zendaya; Ruben Berkeley, an animator who contributed to Netflix’s Klaus, winner of seven Annie Awards and a BAFTA and Oscar nominee; and Juan Vidal, an award-winning designer known for his sophisticated style. Scholarship opportunities for Canadian students
In conjunction with the opening of the new European hub, LCI Education is launching a scholarship program for students and graduates of LaSalle College Montréal and LaSalle College Vancouver. A total of twenty scholarships awarded across disciplines and degrees, representing an investment of CAD$1.2m, will allow top Canadian talents to pursue their studies in Barcelona, gain international experience, and contribute to the future of Canada’s creative economy. Looking forward
With the inauguration of its new campus, LCI Barcelona is set to embark on an exciting new chapter. As it continues to grow and evolve, the school remains firmly rooted in its core principles of engagement, quality, and mutual understanding, preparing creative professionals to meet the challenges of tomorrow. Visit LCI Barcelona online for more information about their new campus and programs.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Δ
About The PIE  
News
Regions
Countries
Our next event
The PIE Live Asia Pacific 2025
HOTA, Gold Coast
29-30 July 2025