Uniiqu3, photographed by Tedra Wilson.
This is SOUND ADVICE, a weekly destination for playlists curated by Interview’s friends, enemies, and lovers. Over the past few weeks, we’ve gathered playlists from Chelsea Wolfe, Devon Ross, and Bapari. This week’s guest is Jersey club royalty UNIIQU3, who embarks on a tour with Tinashe this evening, kicking off at Terminal 5. UNIIQU3, otherwise known as Cherise Gary, is a proud Jersey girl and sought-after DJ, producer and vocalist. Her adrenaline-pumping club hits like “Microdosing” have propelled her to royalty among the Garden State club scene. This February, she dropped her latest single “Price Going Up” with the DJ duo Black Caviar. Still, she found time to put together a playlist for for us, featuring Beyonce , Doja Cat, and Aaliyah, and answer our Sound Advice questionnaire.
———
Where do you dance? Anywhere the music moves me, babez.
What’s on your bedroom playlist? Tinashe, Lady Gaga, Miss Bashful, Doja Cat, MIA, Don Toliver, Megan Thee Stallion, MikeQ, DJ Sliink, I could go on y’all!
Headphones of choice? AIAIAI but I always get something custom done by them.
Who do you trust most with the aux? My best friend Germany.
What was your first concert? Mary J Blige with my Dad. Jagged Edge opened and someone proposed when they performed “Let’s Get Married.”
What song do you have on repeat? Kelela – “Happy Ending – A.G Remix.”
Favorite album cover of all time: Deee-Lite – World Clique
What’s your DJing pet peeve? My hair getting caught in the headphones.
Do you play an instrument? Piano, I used to play the flute, clarinet, French horn and glockenspiel lol.
What outfit do you own that screams Jersey? My spray-painted Wife Pleaser and Airforce Combo.
Go-to dance move? Sexy walk, shoutout to Miss Porsh.
Name a song that reminds you of your childhood: Aaliyah – “Are You That Somebody.” I knew that whole dance break!
Favorite post-gig meal? French fries or fruit.
Where’s the afters? One of the homies’ houses for sure.
Name your favorite artist no one knows about: RYL0… people know about her but more people need to know about her. She’s a star!
You’re the Jersey club queen, but who rules the clubs in Baltimore and Philly? TT the Artist has been repping for Bmore on new levels only a Queen could operate, and Philly birthed a star by the name of Lay Bankz that I really think is bringing something fresh to club music.