A Glastonbury headliner from ten years ago is so fancied for a secret set this year that one leading bookmaker has suspended the betting.
Kasabian took top billing on the Pyramid Stage back in 2014 and festival-goers at the annual Worthy Farm extravaganza think they could be set for a brilliant return a decade on. This year’s headliners include Coldplay, Dua Lipa and Shania Twain but there's always a surprise or two along the way.
Artists as huge as Foo Fighters have made an unannounced appearance at the festival in years gone by and many believe we're about to get another massive name put on a show to remember. Kasabian were considered the favourites to perform that hush-hush set on the Woodsies Stage not only because of the anniversary, but with band having a light tour itinerary.
The rock band from Leicester announced they'll be embarking on a tour in July and plenty believe that they could use Glastonbury as a warm-up before heading to Edinburgh on July 3. The band, established in 1997, boasts singer and guitarist Sergio Pizzorno, bassist Chris Edwards, drummer Ian Matthews and guitarist Tim Carter.
But of course they aren't the only ones linked with the possible slot. Pulp, who last performed at the Glastonbury Festival back in 2011, have also been suggested with Disco 2000 hitmaker Jarvis Cocker set to be performing on Friday. They first took to the Somerset stage in 1995 together.
In the past, we've also seen surprise performances from big names like Lady Gaga, The Killers and Franz Ferdinand so of course the speculation has been rife about who will be added to the bill. The famous gates to Glastonbury Festival 2024 will swing open around 8am on Wednesday 26 June, with the event running until Sunday 30 June - and another huge group linked is Kings Of Leon.
William Hill spokesperson Lee Phelps said earlier this month: “We only opened our market on acts that could play secret sets at Glastonbury, but after seeing some telling bets on Kasabian to make an appearance, we’ve been forced to suspend betting on them.
“Plenty of people seem to be in the know that Serge Pizzorno’s band will be appearing at Glasto and have taken the initial 3/1 we offered. Kasabian aside, our market remains open, with Pulp 6/4 favourites to play a secret set, ahead of Kings Of Leon at 2/1 and The Killers at 3/1.”
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.