Virgin Radio
23 Jul 2024, 14:20
Credit: Warner Bros. Pictures
The highly anticipated Joker sequel, Folie à Deux, has finally unveiled its first full trailer, and it seems the titular comic-turned-criminal (Joaquin Phoenix) and new love interest/partner in crime Harley Quinn (Lady Gaga) are painting the town in red in more ways than one. 
The sequel to the 2019 Oscar winning flick will be a musical of sorts, and fans can already hear some of the offerings within Joker 2 in the near-three minute trailer. 
Folie à Deux will follow directly on from the original, watching on as Arthur Fleck (Phoenix) is imprisoned in Arkham Asylum while awaiting trial for his crimes in the first movie while as Joker. 
------------------------------------
DON'T MISS:
Emmys 2024: Baby Reindeer, The Crown and The Bear among nominees - see the full list
Rev Richard Coles on Strictly Come Dancing -'it's a wonderful show with a dark heart'
Fans delighted as This Morning reveal summer hosts covering Ben Shephard and Cat Deeley's seven week break
------------------------------------
There, he meets Harleen Quinzel and the two fall madly in love and experience musical madness through their shared delusions, while Fleck's followers start a movement to free him from Arkham, ultimately giving rise to the Clown Prince of Crime's criminal empire.
As well as pop music icon Gaga, joining the Joker franchise is Brendan Gleeson from The Banshees of Inisherin, Zazie Beetz from Deadpool 2 and Being John Malkovich’s Catherine Keener. Also in the cast is Alan Partridge star Steve Coogan.
The trailer dropped during a 24-hour livestream, which depicted an empty TV set from the Joker & Harley Show. 
“You can do anything you want, you’re Joker,” Harley tells Arthur within the confines of Arkham, before all hell breaks loose both in and outside of the asylum walls. 
While on the set of their Joker & Harley Show, a painted up Arthur tells his other half: “I got the sneaky suspicion we’re not giving the people what they want.”
“It’s OK baby,” Harley replies ominously. “Let’s give the people what they want.”
Gaga’s inclusion in the Joker 2 came as something of a surprise to audiences, but according to casting director Francine Maisler, the Just Dancer hitmaker will “blow your mind.”
She told Deadline earlier this year: “I didn’t suggest Lady Gaga. It wasn’t my idea. That was [director] Todd Phillips, before me. But I will tell you, she’s really surprising, and really good. I saw it and I was really surprised.
“I mean, we all knew what she could do in A Star is Born, but I thought, ‘Oh, well, that’s kind of in her wheelhouse.’ Something she could do and just be real. But this… man, she’s good. 
“Joaquin blows your mind, but that she could keep up with him, and be real, and not just wiped off the screen by what that role is and what the performance is, shows she’s good.”
Joker: Folie à Deux is set to release in cinemas on October 4.
Advertisement
Adele Roberts has shared what it has been like to be the first person to compete on Dancing On Ice...
You’ve likely heard Benson Boone playing over the airwaves recently, but who is he, where is he...
National comedy treasure Al Murray has opened up about parenting and grandparenting
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit