Metro journalists select and curate the products that feature on our site. If you make a purchase via links on this page we will earn commission – learn more
Elizabeth Arden is famed for its classic Eight Hour Cream and in support of International Women’s Day, the brand has teamed up with The Prince’s Trust to ensure that every purchase donates to a charitable cause.
The Prince’s Trust’s ‘ChangeAGirlsLife’ Campaign is in its fifth year and helps thousands of young women build a better life for themselves through the means of better employment opportunities, business advice, and education.
Throughout the whole of March, Elizabeth Arden will donate £5 from every sale of the Eight Hour Cream Skin Protectant sold online to the charity in the hope of supporting more and more women.
The Eight Hour Cream was first created in 1930 and has become a staple product in the skincare community. The brand even counts A-list stars, such as Victoria Beckham, Cara Delevingne, Kate Moss, Lady Gaga, and Reese Witherspoon, amongst their fan base.
You can apply the cream from head to toe and it offers unbeatable hydration. It can also protect the skin and soothe minor irritation, such as chapped lips, plus protect against windburn. 
It also offers hydration for your nails and cuticles and achieves a gorgeous glow to the skin, which makes it ideal as a primer ahead of your make-up.
‘Miracle product’, Shirley wrote in her online review. ‘The best all-round product on the market on the market. It softens skin, heals wounds, helps nail health, and heals dry lips and skin. My granny introduced me to this when I was a small child and I’ve been using it ever since. Would not be without it.’
Krystal wrote online: ‘I used it as a lip balm and as a relief for my sore nose as I tend to have the flu very often. 
‘As a lip balm, it definitely protects it against harsh winds. And as a nose balm, it gives me almost instant relief! It took a while to get used to the super thick texture, but that’s where it protects so well!’
‘Wow, this stuff is truly magical!’ Elsbels added. ‘I get bad patches of dry skin every now & then which is hard to budge. I used this before going to bed and all dry skin was gone in the morning! Wow!!’
Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Share your views in the comments below
Arrow
MORE: Nivea anti-wrinkle serum loved by The Princess of Wales’s favourite skincare range is now less than £14
Arrow
MORE: Amazon shoppers are calling CeraVe cleanser their ‘Holy Grail’ skincare product – and it costs under £12
Arrow
MORE: Skincare fanatics are obsessed with an eye cream that’s ‘real life Photoshop for your eye area’
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy