Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The 13-time Grammy winner's highly-anticipated movie airs Saturday on HBO — here's how to watch it online with and without cable.

							By 

	Danielle Directo-Meston

E-Commerce Writer

	Little Monsters can relive the Chromatica Ball Tour at home with Lady Gaga‘s long-awaited concert film.

	Airing Saturday on cable on HBO and streaming exclusively on Max, Gaga Chromatica Ball was filmed at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles during the 13-time Grammy-winning superstar’s 2022 tour. Performed in front of a crowd of 52,000 concertgoers, the concert runs nearly two hours and features hits including “Stupid Love,” “Rain On Me,” Bad Romance, “Poker Face,” “Just Dance” and “Shallow,” to name just a few.



At a Glance: How to Watch Gaga Chromatica Ball Online

	“The film delivers huge show-stopping moments and intimate piano numbers, complete with heart-stopping choreography, intense pyrotechnics and an array of iconic outfit changes as only Gaga does. This is Lady Gaga as you’ve never seen her before,” notes the logline.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					'Another Simple Favor' Reunites Blake Lively and Anna Kendrick: Where to Stream the 'A Simple Favor' Sequel Online		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					'The Gilded Age' Teases Marriage and Upheaval in Season 3		
			








	Keep reading below for more details on how to watch Gaga Chromatica Ball with and without cable, including for free.

	










Gaga Chromatica Ball airs on HBO on Saturday, May 25, at 8 p.m. local time Cable subscribers can watch the HBO original concert film online by logging into HBO.com with their streaming or traditional cable TV provider credentials, including AT&T, DirecTV, Hulu + Live TV, Sling, Verizon, Xfinity and others.

Gaga Chromatica Ball streams simultaneously on Max, which starts at $9.99 monthly for the ad-supported plan. Go ad-free for $15.99 per month, or upgrade to 4K video quality with the Ultimate plan at $19.99 per month. The best deal on Max is the annual plan ($99.99 to $199.99 per year), which saves subscribers up to 17 percent off compared to monthly billing.

Max subscribers can access hundreds of movies and TV series, such as  Dune 1 and 2, Barbie, Avatar: The Way of Water, Blue Beetle, Succession, Zone of Interest, Barry, The Gilded Age and more. For a limited time, subscribers can get the B/R Sports add-on for free and watch NBA, NHL, and other sports leagues.

	You can also watch Gaga Chromatica Ball on any live TV streaming service that carries HBO or offers the Max channel, including DirecTV Stream, Hulu and Prime Video. Learn more about how to watch Gaga Chromatica Ball online without cable.
		Watch Gaga Chromatica Ball without traditional cable when you add Max to your DirecTV Stream subscription. The Max add-on is free for the first two months for eligible customers, and DirecTV also offers a five-day free trial — so new subscribers can stream Lady Gaga’s concert film for free.Packages start at $69.99 per month for the Entertainment package, which includes more than 75 other channels, including ABC, CNN, Discovery, Disney Channel, E!, MSNBC, Nickelodeon and others. Other plans offer over 105-150 channels, with prices ranging from $84.99 to $159.99 per month.	
		Watch Gaga Chromatica Ball on Hulu with the Max add-on, which allows you to watch HBO live on the streaming service. Hulu starts at $7.99 per month with ads, and the Max add-on is $15.99 monthly. Hulu offers a free 30-day trial for its ad-supported base plan, so new subscribers can save on their first month’s bill if they watch the Lady Gaga concert film during that period.	
		Stream Gaga Chromatica Ball on Prime Video with the Max add-on, which starts at $9.99 per month. A subscription to either Amazon Prime ($15.99 monthly or $139 annually) or the standalone Prime Video streaming service ($8.99 monthly) is required.	
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.