Sections
About
Connect With Us
12 a.m.-11 a.m.







1 / 0
Lady Gaga says her version of Harley Quinn/Dr. Harleen Quinzel in the upcoming Joker: Folie à Deux doesn’t use that name. “My version of Harley Quinn is Lee,” she said. Joaquin Phoenix’s version of Joker is Arthur Fleck.
Ellen DeGeneres announced the dates for her final stand-up comedy tour this summer. It begins on June 19th in San Diego and ends on August 17th in Minneapolis, with the final dates being recorded for a Netflix special.
Glen Powell shared in an interview with British GQ Hype that Tom Cruise once played a prank on him in which he pretended to lose control of a helicopter he was flying, causing Powell to worry that they might crash in London.
Netflix is launching a competition series called Million Dollar Secret, where one contestant receives a $1 million prize and the other 11 players must hunt them down to claim the cash. Peter Serafinowicz will host the 8 episodes.
Prosecutors revealed in court yesterday that during Harvey Weinstein’s retrial in New York this fall, more accusers may come forward to testify. While an exact date hasn’t been set, but it’s anticipated to occur after Labor Day.
Kim Jong Un sent balloons filled with trash and manure into South Korea in response to anti-Pyongyang leaflets and K-pop videos sent from the South. He suppresses K-pop culture in North Korea, considering it a threat.
Yellowstone co-stars Ryan Bingham and Hassie Harrison have gotten married in a western-themed ceremony that took place at Harrison’s family home in Dallas. She told Vogue the ceremony was more “heartfelt” than stuffy.
Gabby Douglas’ Olympic comeback bid has been halted by an ankle injury, causing her to withdraw from the U.S. Gymnastics Championships. Despite this setback, Douglas remains hopeful and won’t rule out the 2028 Games.
Margate City, New Jersey’s mayor has publicly apologized and offered a free meal to Jason & Kylie Kelce after a viral confrontation with a fan during their date night. A clip shows Kylie in a heated exchange with the woman.
Mike Flanagan, known for his Netflix horror series such as The Fall Of The House Of Usher and Midnight Mass, will write, direct, and produce a “fresh, bold, and terrifying” film set in The Exorcist universe for Blumhouse.
Nicholas Galitzine will portray He-Man in the long-awaited Masters of the Universe film, directed by Travis Knight and produced by Amazon/MGM. The plot centers on He-Man’s return to his home planet to defeat Skeletor.
12 a.m.-11 a.m.
© 2025 WUUQ-FM.