By 

	Tomás Mier


	From Génesis to Éxodo.

Peso Pluma graced the cover of Rolling Stone‘s Future of Music issue on Monday — and in it, he announced that he will follow his breakthrough record Génesis with a new album this summer, titled Éxodo. 

	In the interview, Peso shared that Éxodo will be “more of a direct response to the negative press that seems to surround him.” 

	“[On Génesis] people already saw the good side, the superhero side. But I think this year, they’re going to know a darker side,” he said. “There’s going to be a lot of things about why we do what we do, and why we sing what we do, why people pit us against each other, why media always look for bad things, why people focus more on the negatives than the positives.”

	He also shared details of the sounds he’ll be experimenting on the new project, saying he wants it to be a “surprise for everyone.”

	“I’m focusing on fine-tuning all the details, but there’s going to be a lot of flavors, not only of regional Mexican music,” he said. “From the beginning, I’ve liked doing things to get out of my comfort zone. I know everything goes great with corridos, but I also don’t pass up opportunities to do other stuff I like.” 

	










	In the interview, Peso also shared that he was working on the album as he dealt with some media madness and gossip over the last few weeks as he spent time in the studio in California.

	“Well, the last few weeks have been really crazy,” he said. “People are always going to have something to say about what I’m doing and creating their own narrative. But the reality is, all these days, I’ve been in the studio working on Éxodo.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Toby Keith's Horse Raced in the Kentucky Derby: How Did Render Judgment Do?		
	








	The singer’s 2023 album Génesis anchored a wildly successful year for Pluma, who earned the Grammy for Best Música Mexicana Album (including Tejano) for the project, which featured songs such as “Lady Gaga,” “Rosa Pastel,” and “Lagunas.”

	Peso is also scheduled to hit the road later this year with his massive “Exodo” tour stopping at arenas across the United States and at Governors Ball and Coachella.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.