By
Chris Piner
With millions of people watching around the world, Paris kicked off the 2024 Olympic Games with style. Throughout the opening ceremony, Paris showcased its rich history in art, expression, and music. The ceremony featured performances by Lady Gaga, who dazzled for the cameras. And with the Eiffel Tower featuring a light display unlike any other, the opening ceremony was a massive success. But while viewers supported their home countries and favorite athletes, nothing compared to the finale of the ceremony when Celine Dion‘s performance caused even Kelly Clarkson to break down. 
Although a powerhouse on the stage, Dion took a break from the spotlight to focus on her health. Suffering from stiff person syndrome, the icon promised to fight the illness and eventually return to the stage. And in true Dion fashion, her return was nothing short of historic. And for Clarkson, she not only watched the performance but felt it. Besides holding back tears, Clarkson said, “I can’t speak.” Gaining some control, she added, “I’ve been inspired. I’ve been dancing. I was not ready for that ending. I’m so sorry you looked at me and I was like, ‘Wait.”
While Dion put her illness behind her to officially start the Olympic Games, Clarkson insisted, “This is her purpose. I’m so sorry I’m trying to hold it together.”
[RELATED: Celine Dion’s Eiffel Tower Performance at the Olympics Has Kelly Clarkson in Tears and Fans in a Frenzy]
It wasn’t just Clarkson who felt the performance as even broadcaster Mike Tirico took a moment to soak in the performance, explaining,  “Céline Dion, who has been dealing with a rare progressive neurological disorder, and has not appeared very often, performing in public, with… a performance fitting of this amazing night.” He added, “That was incredible.” 
As for Dion, she recently discussed her struggles with stiff person syndrome before taking the stage to sing Edith Piaf’s “L’Hymne à l’amour.” She revealed to NBC’s Hoda Kotb the spasms can attack any part of her body. “I have broken ribs at one point because sometimes when it’s very severe, it can break some ribs as well.”
Staying positive about her health, Dion declared, “If I can’t run, I’ll walk. If I can’t walk, I’ll crawl,” she said. “And I won’t stop. I won’t stop.”
(CHRISTOPHE PETIT TESSON/POOL/EPA-EFE/Shutterstock)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand