There is never a year where we don't see Comic Book movies released in mass abundance. However, this year felt relatively light regarding the world of Comic Books. While many were underwhelmed by most of the releases, I identified my favorite of the bunch. I share my four favorite Comic Book movies released in 2024. 
The world of Comic Book movies has the most ruthless fans in any form of art. We saw it recently with the release of James Gunn's first trailer for the upcoming Superman. You had some say, "Oh, it looks amazing, I can't wait," while others (most of the Synder cult) say, "Oh, the suit looks awful; bring back Henry Cavill." That said, let me dive into my favorites. 
I am on record with my love of Dakota Johnson's Madame Web. It got far too much hate for no reason at all. Is the film the greatest comic book movie ever? No, but I had a good time watching it. With the balance of a very good ensemble, a solid script, and Johnson leading the way, this was one of the best Comic Book movies of the year. At the end of the day, I enjoyed this quite a bit more than I did Deadpool & Wolverine. 
Speaking of movies that got far too much hate, Joker: Folie à Deux was at the top of my list of highly anticipated films of 2024. While I was cautiously optimistic because I loved the original, I believed in Todd Phillips and Joaquin Phoenix's ability to recreate the magic with the addition of Lady Gaga. Not only did they meet my expectations, but they exceeded them with a powerful and thought-provoking story that kept you wanting more. It's a great movie. 
A running theme here is that movies that critics and even audiences panned have made this list. The Crow is far from perfect, but much like Joker: Folie à Deux, it had monumental shoes to fill with the original and was considered as good as it is. Bill Skarsgaard and FKA Twigs' chemistry was electric, and the story delivered enough for me to enjoy myself. 
Tom Hardy belongs on the Mount Rushmore list of casting choices in comic book film history. Hardy's duality of Venom and Eddie Brock is nothing short of remarkable. We got a perfect send-off for Eddie Brock/Venom, which is likely the last time we will see Hardy as this character. I believe we are still holding out hope that he will be in a future Spider-Man movie, but if this was the last time, I had a blast. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.