By MARTA JARY FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  09:14, 14 July 2024   |  Updated:  15:18, 16 July 2024   
 73
View  comments
Katy Perry has been lambasted on social media after an old interview resurfaced in which she took a shot at Mariah Carey. 
The 2014 clip, from Australian breakfast television show Sunrise, sees Perry respond after host Samantha Armytage charitably described her as the 'biggest female entertainer in the world'.
'No I'm not, Beyonce is – duh! Do not blaspheme,' the American pop star quipped in response. 
The show's hosts then read out a tweet from a viewer, who suggested that Mariah Carey in fact deserved the title. 
'I mean, she's fabulous… for a throwback,' Katy replied cattily, then added, 'We love Fantasy, I love Honey… I listened to all those songs growing up.'
Social media users on X were less than impressed by the interview, which went viral again this week.   
'It's okay we all know Katy flopped,' posted one person while another said, 'Karma is a b**ch'. 
'She is a mean girl. She did the same with Britney,' said another while someone else asked, 'Why was she like this omg…'
Katy Perry has been lambasted on social media after an old interview resurfaced in which she took a shot at Mariah Carey. The 2014 clip is from Australian breakfast television show Sunrise (pictured) in which she calls Mariah a 'throwback' act 
'Rather be a throwback than a throw up,' wrote one more, with yet another writing,  'This aged like breast milk in an old woman'. 
'And now look at her flopping and collaborating with Dr Luke,' someone else said, with one more adding,  'She predicted her own future'.
One more chimed in: 'She jinxed herself so bad by saying this because things started to go south soon after'. 
It comes as Katy's comeback single Woman's World has been mauled by the critics as a 'monumental catastrophe' that sounds like 'reheated' Lady Gaga.
The 39-year-old dropped the song on Thursday, complete with a splashy music video that shows her prancing around in skimpy American flag lingerie.
Now a slew of prominent publications have delivered their scathing verdicts on the single, with one saying it 'made me feel stupider every sorry time I listened to it'.
Social media users on X were less than impressed by the interview, which went viral again this week. One chimed in: 'She jinxed herself so bad by saying this'
Woman's World got an especially blistering review from Pitchfork, which noted that the women's empowerment anthem sounded as if Katy 'had to have feminism explained to her by the top half of the first page of Google.' 
'Defying all sense of taste, the pop singer's comeback single is too dispiriting to even approach camp. It's abysmal,' wrote the outlet's Shaad D'Souza.
Katy was accused of having 'clearly modeled' her song on Gaga's 2020 single Stupid Love, only to produce a knockoff that was 'unfathomably tepid, irritating at best.'  
Woman's World received a brutal one-star review in The Guardian, which said the song sounded like 'reheated Gaga,' as well as 'brazenly' taking from the Chappell Roan single Super Graphic Ultra Modern Girl.
Critic Laura Snapes was withering about Katy's 'dated attempt at writing a feminist anthem' as well as her 'blatant grasps for gay standom,' mocking her for 'winking at drag culture so hard you suspect she'd pop a hernia if her abs weren't hard as armor.'
She added that when Katy shouts: 'I'm Katy Perry!' in the video, it 'sounds less like a roar of triumph than the echoing cry of someone falling down a large ravine.'
'Woman's World sounds like it was designed by a committee in a boardroom at Capitol Records whose sole objective was a sync on RuPaul's Drag Race and generating comments of 'you ate' from white gays living in West Hollywood,' wrote Alim Kheraj in a scalding review for Dazed.
It comes as Katy's comeback single Woman's World has been mauled by the critics as a 'monumental catastrophe' that sounds like a 'reheated' Lady Gaga 
Katy was dismissed as 'a 2010s relic' and Woman's World as a 'so forgettable, so cringe' by New York magazine's The Cut. 
'Perry is like Barbie in Barbie Land, stuck in a la-di-dah dimension in which Hillary Clinton is still the Democratic presidential nominee, 'Male Tears' mugs make bank on Etsy, and the most transgressive thing a celebrity can do is sing Fight Song,' wrote critic Cat Zhang for the publication.
With 'lyrics that genuinely felt AI generated,' the song 'falls as flat as the bottom of the anvil that crushes Perry halfway through the music video,' according to Mary Siroky's review for Consequence Of Sound.
Woman's World is the lead single from Katy's upcoming album 143, her first LP since she welcomed her daughter Daisy, three, with her fiancé Orlando Bloom. 
Katy has described the song as 'the first contribution I have given since becoming a mother and since feeling really connected to my feminine divine.' 
She previously released an album in the midst of the COVID-19 lockdowns - entitled Smile, the record debuted in August 2020 to a lukewarm response. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group