The creators of The Simpsons have a crystal ball that can see into the future - we're calling it.
Nobody thought 2024 would begin with a Willy Wonka experience that would descend into chaos so quickly, as police were forced to break up angry crowds. Gobsmacked parents dubbed the £35 'scam' as 'pitiful' and 'shambolic' - as footage from the event in Glasgow, Scotland, quickly went viral.
But did Matt Groening's cult animation see the disaster coming some three decades ago? Fans have flicked through previous episodes and found some eerie similarities - just take a look for yourself.
Despite being promised a 'journey filled with wondrous creations and enchanting surprises', paying customers were left outraged after walking into a near empty warehouse scarcely decorated with lacklustre props. One clip shows a laughable set-up, including a bar of Wonka chocolate, a blue pipe, candy sticks and a solitary Oompa Loompa behind a pop-up table.
Workers donned in non-theatrical clothing are also seen spooning treats from metal baking trays, while another video shows a mystery character scaring kids. Wonka himself has spoken out about the event, claiming he was given just hours to rehearse a script made up of what he described as 'AI-generated gibberish'.
But fans of The Simpsons say certain clips predicted such an unlikely event - as viewers declare 'they've done it again'. In an X (formerly known as Twitter) post that has amassed more than three million views, one viewer has stitched scenes from the show with recent pictures of the Wonka experience. It shows Homer Simpson charging a $50 admission for 'Homerland' on a shabby-looking sign, as well as a sad-looking Oompa Loompa sitting smoking on a wooden box.
While some of the screenshots are from different episodes, people are convinced it mirrors the House of Illuminati's infamous event. And it's not the first time The Simpsons has shocked viewers with its predictions - from Donald Trump becoming President in an almost identical shot of him going down an escalator to Lady Gaga landing a performance spot at the Super Bowl, and the censoring of Michelangelo's David.
According to reports, the show has also predicted the legalisation of marijuana in Canada, the Covid-19 pandemic, and technological advances such as FaceTime, smart watches, and predictive text. Oh, and that Bengt R Holmstrom would go on to win a Nobel Prize...
Want to avoid the doom and gloom? Get the latest positive news sent straight to your inbox with our Bright Stuff newsletter
"The Simpsons did it again, but how?" one person wrote on X. Another agreed, commenting: "The Glasgow Willy Wonka experience was predicted by The Simpsons." While a third added: "The organisers probably put as much effort into it as Homer did into his fantasy."
In spite of the chaos caused by the event, an online petition to reinstate the Willy Wonka experience has garnered thousands of signatures online. The event was cancelled by organisers House of Illuminati midway through Saturday following complaints from parents. Writing on their social media page, the group said they would not be holding any events in the foreseeable future.
"I am truly sorry for any upset and disappointment caused at the weekend," they said. "Refunds have been issued and will continue to do so. This was an event gone wrong, The House of Illuminati will NOT be holding any other events in the foreseeable future."
What do you think of the Willy Wonka experience? Let us know in the comments section below
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.