Big Freedia takes the throne before the Krewe Bohème parade in New Orleans on Friday, Jan. 26, 2024.
New Orleans bounce superstar Big Freedia gave it her all during the fabulous 2024 Krewe Bohème parade in Faubourg Marigny and the French Quarter. Wearing a glowing golden crown, green cape and glinting silver jumpsuit, Freedia used a booming microphone to chant and cajole the crowd as she rolled along inside an enormous absinthe bottle-shaped miniature float.
Krewe Bohème anointed Freedia as this year’s Supreme Green Fairy, a personification of the reputed hallucinatory effects of the legendary liqueur favored by 19th century painters, poets and other artsy types. One of the masterpieces by former Esplanade Avenue resident Edgar Degas depicts absinthe drinkers.
But hallucinations were unnecessary Friday night, as the reality of the Bohème procession was totally transporting on its own.
The incomparable Big Freedia, queen diva of New Orleans bounce music, ruled the gorgeous procession, riding in a giant bottle of absinthe, the legendary liqueur favored by fin de siècle Parisian painters, poets and other arty types. Krewe Bohème anointed Freedia as 2024 “Supreme Green Fairy,” a personification of absinthe’s reputed hallucinatory effects.
Bohème has a certain French flavor, with allusions to mimes, Cajun culture and Marie Antoinette (with her own personal guillotine). Cellist Helen Gillet sang hauntingly in French as she rolled by on a mini-float, accompanied by a caped dancer.
But Bohème also has other pop references aplenty, including ABBA, James Brown and Lady Gaga-inspired dance troupes, and a bracingly vulgar Beastie Boys-tribute band that had the less tasteful members of the audience laughing.
Krewe Bohème danced through the Marigny and French Quarter neighborhoods for their 5th year with marching krewes to the theme, "Absinthe-minded."  
The vampire-like Casket Girls, a marching group costumed as various parts of the human head (disembodied eyeballs, brain, etc.), and the gorgeous, golden, rolling skull float brought a touch of the comic-macabre to the Bohème mix.
And finally, from the Neon Cowboys to the Brazilian dancers to the Aziza African fairies to the Tap Dance troupe, Bohème is permeated with a certain sexy allure. One can only imagine Monsieur Degas’ reaction to such things taking place outside of the Moulin Rouge.
Above all, Bohème is weirdly beautiful. It is a roving artwork, with brass bands and a police escort. Somewhere, Degas is surely tipping his top hat in appreciation.
Email Doug MacCash at dmaccash@theadvocate.com. Follow him on Instagram at dougmaccash, on Twitter at Doug MacCash and on Facebook at Douglas James MacCash. 
News Tips:nolanewstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: