Dressed in suits and sparkly dresses, students filtered in through the doors of Alumni Hall at the Indiana Memorial Union on Friday. They were welcomed with blue lights, projections of snowflakes on the walls and white balloons. Pop music blasted from speakers and photo backdrops were set up by the entrance, allowing dance attendees to capture the moment.    
The Asian American Association at IU hosted the Snow Ball, a winter-themed formal celebration including raffles, live music, dancing and food. It teamed up with IU Late Nite and other Asian student groups from state universities including Purdue, Ball State University, Butler University and IU Indianapolis. The ball itself is not an annual event, however each year the AAA at IU hosts a holiday program where they collaborate with these student groups. 
“I really wanted to branch out and specifically connect with the Asian community in all of Indiana, that is why we decided to reach out to a couple of the bigger universities in Indiana,” sophomore and External Events Coordinator for the AAA at IU Olivia Braswell said.  
Braswell said IU Late Nite leaders learned of the event and reached out to the AAA to be part of it. Collaborating with IU Late Nite allowed for a larger budget and an opportunity to grow the event.  
Singer Kylie Miller performs “Bad Romance” by Lady Gaga at the Snow Ball on Dec. 6, 2024, in Alumni Hall at the Indiana Memorial Union. The event was headlined by the band Yours Truly, with live performances by Miller, Britney Ho and DJ Caiya2Fiyah.
However, a couple of the universities she had reached out to could not make it due to conflicts in scheduling. This issue will not discourage Braswell moving forward, though.  
“We told them this is kind of like the first step in creating a long-lasting bond and partnership," Braswell said. “We are hoping to maybe have bigger events in the future where we can invite these schools out and more can join.” 
As for the AAA’s most recent events, like Snow Ball, she said she had one goal in mind for the IU community.  
“These events are used to uplift our community and also come together as people,” Braswell said. “We want to make sure our club does not seem like just an East Asian club. We want to make sure that people from all parts of Asia are valued and acknowledged in our club.” 
For this event in particular, dinner featured dishes from different parts of Asia, such as orange chicken, crab rangoon dip, vegetable stir fry, white rice and lo mein.  
Selena Vu, sophomore and member of AAA, said the club’s efforts to welcome everyone allowed her to find friendships though the AAA and grow as a person. 
Vu said she enjoys attending events hosted by the AAA, but appreciated the chance to attend a dance like Snow Ball in particular.  
“I just feel like it’s a really cute event because you don’t get a chance to dress up in college like you did for prom in high school,” Vu said. “I loved seeing everyone’s outfits, like out of their normal school clothes.” 
Dance attendees moved around the dance floor to songs of different genres, ranging from upbeat pop to slow love songs.  
Bloomington residents and members of the Swing Dance Club at IU, Kat Lewis and Dylan Kwak, said this is their third year attending an annual holiday ball.  IU Late Nite hosts a yearly winter-themed festival; however changes were made this year as they teamed up with AAA. 
“We first went in 2022; it was called the Yule Ball back in the day,” Kwak said. “I liked coming to these events because when I was younger, I was always super insecure. But when you dance, it does not really matter if you are good or not.” 
Kwak and Lewis met dancing, and two years later are still showing off their swing dancing moves. For Lewis, her love for dance goes far beyond the physical aspect.  
“It is like a conversation too —a non-verbal conversation where you might initiate something and then they embellish it and it is always just a lot of fun,” Lewis said. 
IU juniors Simran Shah and Shlok Ghiya dance to live music together at Snow Ball on Dec. 6, 2024, at the Indiana Memorial Union. The event, hosted by the Asian American Association at IU, offered a space for the community to spend the night dancing together.
While Snow Ball provided the music and area to dance, it also provided a space for people to mingle and make new connections. 
“I heard about this event from a friend, and we just decided to come,” AAA member and freshman Alexander Jacob said. “Coming to these events is just an easier way to meet people because I am new here.” 
Aside from the social events, the AAA also hosts meetings every month to discuss specific advocacy topics. Since 1987, AAA at IU has been working to instill and maintain a spirit of community for Asian Americans, Pacific Islanders and those interested in learning more about different cultures.  
Looking forward, Braswell said the AAA plans to continue expanding its reach and enhancing its events to foster even greater inclusivity and cultural awareness on campus.  
“Since I became a freshman, we have grown exponentially,” she said. “Each year we are trying really hard to produce the best work and make the most memorable events out there. So, for anyone reading this, stay tuned for next semester.”  
Its next event will take place at 7 p.m. Dec. 12 in Ballantine Hall Room 005. In collaboration with the Indonesian Student Association at IU, they will be providing a place to relax with snacks, board games, origami and more to destress before finals week.  
The Daily Rundown is published Monday through Friday and gives you a quick look at the day's top stories.
Friday's weekly recap will let you catch up on the most important and most popular stories of the week.
Find out what the IDS is saying about IU basketball. The Monday edition, distributed during the IU basketball season, includes links to articles, columns, podcasts and more.
See the top stories every weekday