Portland Monthly

329 NE Couch Street, Suite 200Portland, OR 97232



By
Thom Hilton


July 1, 2024


Image: Png Studio Photography/shutterstock.com
Pride Month is regularly observed in June, the anniversary month of the Stonewall Riots. Portland’s iteration was no exception until just last year, which saw local organization Pride Northwest shift the parade and waterfront festival to late July. Rather than delay, the shift caused an extension. Now Pride in Portland is twice as long. Logistics aren’t always bad. We’re nearly at that halfway point now, so we updated our list with newly announced, Pride-related events taking place in July, from parties to parades to booze-free bashes.
This list is far from complete, and those wishing to stay up-to-date with daily Pride happenings should subscribe to Queer Social Club’s exhaustive and endlessly helpful weekly email newsletter.
Support local LGBTQ+ creators at these fairs and markets throughout Pride season.
6–9pm Fri, July 12 | Hotel Zags, free
Local LGBTQ+ vendors will hawk clothing and handcrafted goods at this night market presented by Pride Northwest at downtown’s swanky Hotel Zags.
5–9pm Sat, July 20 | For Bitter For Worse Headquarters, $10–14
BuzzCutt celebrates Portland’s Pride weekend with its first annual Summer Fest, an alcohol-free Pride party and fundraiser for substance abuse support organization True Colors Recovery. Ticket purchase includes three canned booze-free beverages, drink tastings with numerous NA brands, a photo booth, raffle, DJ, and…Jell-O Wrestling Tournament? Sure!
Revel in the art of drag with local performers and international sensations.
8pm, July 13 | The Get Down, $20–40
Hosted by Diva Dott, this pre–Pride Weekend dance and drag party will feature go-go dancers, DJs, and six local queens. You can also snag VIP tickets for a meet-and-greet with the headliner, two-time RuPaul’s Drag Race finalist Detox.
Various times July 20–22 | WonderLove, $20–150
Thrown by KlipKlop Productions, this weekend-long celebration of drag will feature over 60 entertainers, DJs, and dancers from across the Pacific Northwest performing alongside RuPaul’s Drag Race alumni Mirage, Willam, Anetra, and Olivia Lux. A Saturday morning brunch at Barrel Room is the pregame for two consecutive all-day, all-night themed ragers at WonderLove. Attendees can expect ASL-interpreted drag shows, electrifying dance routines, local vendor stalls, and plenty of fabulousness.
Dance and drink the night away in style.
7pm–midnight Fri, July 13 | Revolution Hall, $40–400
This Sex Education–themed dance party will benefit Wild Diversity, a nonprofit organization that “aims to help create a personal connection to the outdoors for BIPOC and the LGBTQ2S+ communities through outdoor adventures, education, and access.”
1–9pm Sat, July 14 | Alpenrausch, free
It’s an Alpine-themed Pride party! And a benefit for the nonprofit fighting youth homelessness, New Avenues for Youth. Expect local queens, DJ sets, a photo booth, an outdoor bar (including an ice luge and boozy popsicles), and grilled Olympia Provisions sausages and small bites. 
Fri–Sun, July 19–21 | Scandals, free
The final holdout of Portland’s infamous gay neighborhood Vaseline Alley, queer bar Scandals will hold patio and block parties on Harvey Milk Street to celebrate Pride in both June and July.
noon–9pm Sat, July 20 | Freeland Spirits, free
Unicorn is the theme at this Portland Pride Weekend kickoff. Local distillery Freeland Spirits is going all out, with flash tattoos, tarot readings, drag performances, and food from Mexican-Southern fusion cart Nacheaux PDX. There’s also word of a mechanical bull–unicorn that can be ridden with a donation to Basic Rights Oregon.
2pm–2am Sat, July 20 | White Owl Social Club, $15–30
Promised as “the most outlandish event Opal Underground has ever hosted,” this 12-hour outdoor queer discotheque—complete with tarot readings—will feature DJs from as far as LA and Denver.
9pm Sat, July 20 | Crystal Ballroom & Lola’s Room, $19.99–64.99
West Hollywood–based DJ Roland Belmares will host the 12th year of this annual dance party and fundraiser, with lasers, special effects, and live performers. Proceeds benefit Pride Northwest, Cascade AIDS Project, and New Avenues for Youth.
You’ve made it all the way to late July. Festivals, marches, and parades…oh, my!
Rally at 2pm, march 3:30–5pm Sat, July 20 | North Park Blocks, free
Greater Portland Trans Unity marks 10 years of celebrating and agitating with a march and rally which will include ASL-interpreted speeches and performances by local trans luminaries. Tables from local organizations will also be in the park.
Gather at 5pm, march 6–8pm Sat, July 20 | Gov. Tom McCall Waterfront Park, free
Since 1994, this volunteer- and community-run march has brought awareness to issues facing Portland’s lesbian community, empowered and amplified marginalized voices, and embraced lesbians of all identities and expressions. Celebrate 30 years of tradition with homemade signs, cheers of joy, and chants of protest, beginning at Waterfront Park and ending in the North Park Blocks.
Noon–8pm Sat, 11:30am–6pm Sun, July 20 & 21,  | Gov. Tom McCall Waterfront Park, $10 suggested donation
One of the largest donation-based Pride events on the West Coast, the waterfront festival attracts tens of thousands of visitors each year. It's at once an incredible opportunity for the visibility of the region’s community and a paean to the blandest of rainbow consumerism, with a majority of the festival space taken up by booths filled with businesses or with community organizations attempting to attract funds. Expect Nike to show up with a rainbow photo op and plenty of free condoms, rainbow-colored pens, and Capri Suns. The beacon at the center of the event is a main stage filled with local queer talent, lip-synching for their lives in the late July heat. While this year’s lineup is still to be announced, the main attraction of the weekend will no doubt be Portland native, two-time RuPaul’s Drag Race winner, and most talented living person Jinkx Monsoon closing out the festival on Sunday, July 21. VIP passes are available for $95–175 and offer in-out access, meet and greets, beverage tickets, a VIP lounge, complimentary snacks, a Pride Northwest shirt, and private bathrooms.
11am–2pm Sun, July 21 | Sets off from the North Park Blocks
The big event! Led by Dykes on Bikes, the Portland Pride Parade is the largest parade in Oregon and brings tens of thousands of people downtown each year.
Pride

06/08/2023

By
Margaret Seiler


All of the Lights

01/13/2025

By
Brooke Jackson-Glidden


Snow!

02/03/2025

By
Portland Monthly Staff


Wheelie Good

04/07/2025

By
Katherine Chew Hamilton and Rebecca Jacobson