By
Erinn Callahan
Updated: 
In 2009, Taylor Swift won her first-ever MTV Video Music Award for Best Female Video for “You Belong With Me,” off her sophomore effort Fearless. Swift would continue racking up trophies in the 15 years to follow. Prior to Wednesday’s (Sept. 11) 2024 VMAs show, the “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart” singer was staring down yet another historic moment in a career full of them. And by the end of the night, she had eclipsed Beyoncé as the most-awarded artist in the VMAs’ 40-year history.
Taylor Swift passed up two other pop icons—Madonna and Lady Gaga—after the 2023 VMAs, when she brought home nine trophies. That brought her total to 23, trailing Beyonce by just four.
Swift walked into UBS Arena leading the pack with 12 nominations, including Artist of the Year, Song of the Year, and Video of the Year. “Fortnight,” her Post Malone duet, took home Best Collaboration. She also walked away with Artist of the Year and Best Pop.
[RELATED: Taylor Swift’s Reaction to Katy Perry’s VMAs Performance Takes the Internet by Storm]
At the end of the night, Swift’s final VMA tally stood at 28 awards. “Fortnight” brought it home for the pop star, winning Best Direction, Best Editing, and Song of the Summer.
Swift used her first acceptance speech of the night to recognize the victims of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. 
“Guys, I wanted to say, waking up this morning in New York on Sept. 11, I’ve just been thinking about what happened 23 years ago,”she said. “Everyone who lost a loved one and everyone that we lost, and that is the most important thing about today — and everything that happens tonight falls behind that.”
Swift, who did not perform Wednesday night, is currently on a two-month hiatus from her billion-dollar Eras Tour. She returns to the stage Oct. 18 at Miami’s Hard Rock Stadium.
Featured image by Stephen Lovekin/Shutterstock
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand