OAN Staff Blake Wolf1:38 PM – Wednesday, November 13, 2024
The 2024 Kamala Harris campaign is in hot water following its exuberant spending on celebrity appearances and endorsements, landing the failed campaign in tens of millions of dollars in debt despite raising over $1 billion.
A portion of Harris’s flowing campaign funds were reportedly spent to garner social media influence and run campaign advertisements, which is not abnormal in relation to political campaign spending. However, tens of millions also went to celebrity appearances, concerts, and special events, all of which still resulted in Harris losing to Donald Trump.
Despite Harris’s reckless spending, she still lost every single swing state and is now facing backlash from the Democrat establishment, as the campaign debt could possibly affect the Democratic National Committee’s operations.
“How do you raise a historic amount of money and not win a single swing state?” a Harris aide reportedly told Axios. “The honest answer is: I don’t know. It seems we lost the national narrative, and that’s what we need to diagnose.”
On top of a wide range of other campaign expenses, Harris reportedly paid rapper Megan Thee Stallion $5 million, $3 million for the singer-rapper Lizzo, $1.8 million to rapper Eminem, $1 million to Oprah, and $10 million to singer Beyoncé. 
Additionally, musicians like Bruce Springsteen, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Jennifer Lopez, Cardi B, and even more came out and displayed their talents or made a public statement in support of the Harris campaign. However, it is unclear how much the last five mentioned celebrities were paid for their time and efforts.
The Harris campaign also reportedly paid $500,000 to the National Action Network (NAN), an organization founded by Al Sharpton, before his and her MSNBC “softball” interview during Sharpton’s program “PoliticsNation,” Breitbart reported. 
HOLY SMOKES! Kamala's campaign wasted $20M to buy the endorsements of celebrities$5M to Megan Thee Stallion$3M to Lizzo$1.8M for Eminem$1M for OprahPaid 6 figures to appear on the 'Call Her Daddy' podcast
“The truth is this is just an epic disaster, this is a $1 billion disaster,” stated Lindy Li, a DNC National Finance Committee Member.
Harris’s team reportedly spent over $12 million for digital media consultants and “six figures on building a set for Harris’s appearance on the popular ‘Call Her Daddy’ podcast with host Alex Cooper,” The Post reported.
Nevertheless, Harris’s appearance on the “Call Her Daddy” podcast failed to break over 1 million views. Meanwhile, Trump’s appearance on the “Joe Rogan Experience” (JRE) podcast nearly hit a whopping 50 million views, and was a nearly three hour long episode.
The Harris campaign strategy seemingly expected to attract more support by showcasing well-known celebrities as a vehicle for manufacturing excitement and backing, but it was not enough to effectively move the needle in her direction by any metric. 
“Money can’t buy you love or a good candidate,” stated Republican political strategist Brad Todd.
“Advertising is a pretty important source of information for swing voters. It no doubt matters, but it’s not enough. It doesn’t matter if you have the wrong message, and it’s not delivered in a compelling way,” he continued. “What her campaign was missing was any effort to break with the unpopular administration she has been a part of.”
Despite Harris’s crushing defeat, her campaign is still requesting funds to reportedly assist with state recounts or possibly curing ballots, which several unnamed campaign officials have called “appalling” and “disgusting,” according to NBC News.
Stay informed! Receive breaking news blasts directly to your inbox for free. Subscribe here. https://www.oann.com/alerts

		Share this post!	
Sponsored Ad



Accessibility Tools