Here’s your chance to dress like a diva.
Outfits worn by pop legends Madonna, Lady Gaga and the late Whitney Houston go under the hammer at a Feb. 27 auction in Beverly Hills.
Fans of the “Material Girl” can bid on a pair of ensembles Madge wore in the 1996 film “Evita” — and combined they could fetch over $25,000.
One is a burgundy and pale pink houndstooth wool skirt suit — estimated to go for as much as $20,000 — that “comprises a swing coat with deep burgundy satin lining and a slender-fitting skirt with a decorative buckle,” according to Julien’s Auctions, which is hosting the sale. 
The other — a floral-printed silk crepe dress in shades of lavender and magenta also designed by Rose — is valued at between $4,000 to $6,000, the auction house said.
Both pieces are the work of British costume designer Penny Rose, who worked on “Pirates of the Caribbean.”
Collectors can also own a plaid and paisley print cotton/wool blend jacket, complete with matching velvet trousers, from Gianni Versace worn by eight-time Grammy winner Whitney Houston.
The set, which the legendary singer wore circa 1992, comes with a photo of her wearing it and is expected to go for at least $3,000. 
For those looking to dress like a Lady: A navy wool-blend coat dress with black velvet accents worn by Lady Gaga while performing “Don’t Let the Sun Go Down On Me” onstage with Rocket Man Elton John can be yours.
The dress — which could get up to $9,000 — “wraps across and zips at the left shoulder, and contains decorative buttons down the left side and a black epaulet on the left shoulder, with a chain dangling off the zip,” Julien’s notes. 
Gaga wore the outfit during an outdoor concert in the parking lot of Tower Records in West Hollywood on Feb. 27, 2016. 
The lot comes with a framed sketch of the “Born This Way” singer wearing the coat dress signed by designer Ronald van der Kemp with handwritten styling notes. 
 “These fashion statement making outfits caused a commotion when first worn by these three divas and will raise some eyebrows again when they hit the auction stage,” said Darren Julien, CEO of the auction house.
Advertisement