By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:49, 14 August 2024   |  Updated:  23:17, 14 August 2024   
 33
View  comments
Jojo Siwa has claimed that Nickelodeon 'blackballed' her after she came out as LGBTQ+ back in 2021 - with the network hitting back at the allegations. 
The Dance Moms alum, 21 - who will open up about the topic in the upcoming Hulu documentary titled Child Star - shared the response that she received from the network after coming out three years earlier, per The Hollywood Reporter. 
The anticipated project - which was directed by Demi Lovato and Nicola Marsh - is slated to air on the streaming site next month on September 17. 
Siwa stated that she had received a call from Nickelodeon president, Brian Robbins, who asked her, 'What are we going to tell the kids?'
In response to the question, the Karma singer - who was 17 at the time - recalled telling him, 'That I'm happy?' 
Jojo Siwa, 21, has claimed that Nickelodeon 'blackballed' her after she came out as LGBTQ + back in 2021 - with the network hitting back at the allegations; seen in March in Beverly Hills 
Jojo claimed she was then told by Robbins she needed to reach out to retailers that she had partnerships with - such as Target and Claire's - 'and tell them that you're not going crazy.'
After coming out, the star said that her relationship with the network had quickly changed. 'I basically got blackballed from the company.' 
However, Nickelodeon has shut down Siwa's claims, with a spokesperson telling DailyMail.com on Wednesday, 'We are unaware of the incident JoJo is referencing and she was certainly not blackballed by Nickelodeon.'
'We have valued and supported JoJo throughout our incredibly successful partnership, which included a JoJo-themed Pride collection at a major national retailer, among our many collaborations together.' 
'We continue to cheer her on and wish her nothing but the best,' the statement concluded. 
Siwa first signed with Nickelodeon back in 2017 when she was 13-years-old, and had the chance to appear in numerous projects, such as Jojo Siwa: My World and the 2018 television movie, Blurt. 
In January 2021, she jumped to social media to come out as queer while wearing a shirt that had 'BEST. GAY. COUSIN. EVER' printed on the front. 
She also lip-synced to Lady Gaga's hit track, Born This Way, in a TikTok video shared at the time. 
Siwa stated that she received a call from Nickelodeon president, Brian Robbins, who then asked her, 'What are we going to tell the kids?'; seen in 2015 in L.A. 
In January 2021, she had jumped to social media to come out as queer while wearing a shirt that had 'BEST. GAY. COUSIN. EVER' printed on the front
A few months later, she discussed waiting to 'label' her own sexuality and told People, 'I still don't know what I am. It's like, I want to figure it out.'
'But like, I don't know, bisexual, pansexual, queer, lesbian, gay, straight. I always just say gay because it just kind of covers it or queer because I think the keyword is cool.' 
Siwa added, 'I like queer. Technically I would say that I am pansexual because that's how I have always been my whole life is just like, my human is my human.'
She later gushed about the support that she has received, and revealed, 'I think this is the first time that I've felt so personally happy.'
'Performing has always made me super happy. But for the first time, personally, I am like, whoa, happiness. I am so proud to be me.' 
Last year in March, the media personality seemingly took a swipe at the network as she also reflected on Nickelodeon's response to her coming out. 
She filmed herself lip-syncing to the song, Mother, by Megan Trainor and wrote in the caption, 'Inspired by a true story. (side note if that meeting was today I would literally just press play on this song….).
Jojo also said - without naming the network at the time - 'January 2021: I come out to the world. The company I work for told me they needed to have a meeting with me ASAP.' 
And back in April 2022, Jojo claimed that she was not invited to the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards that year
'During this meeting, the president of the company asked me: "What are you gonna tell your young demographic?"' 
After taking 'a second to process what I was just asked,' the star revealed that she simply responded with, 'The truth.' 
The Dance Moms star added that she has, 'never seen a man roll his eyes so far in the back of his head,' in regards to her answer. 
Siwa explained that she had no intention to 'hide' from who she is, and claimed that the president 'didn't like that very much.' 
However, she felt that she 'did the right thing' after receiving support from people in the LGBTQ+ community and fans. 
And back in April 2022, Jojo claimed that she was not invited to the Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards that year. 
She took to Instagram and wrote, 'A lot of you have been asking why I'm not at the Nickelodeon Kid Choice Awards tonight, I don't want anyone to think it was my choice not to go.... I simply didn't get an invite:(.' 
However, Nickelodeon has shut down Siwa's claims, with a spokesperson telling DailyMail.com on Wednesday, 'We are unaware of the incident JoJo is referencing and she was certainly not blackballed by Nickelodeon'; seen in June in L.A. 
The upcoming Hulu documentary - which is also Lovato's directorial debut - will feature other child stars such as Drew Barrymore, Kenan Thompson, Christina Ricci and Raven-Symoné
At the time, a spokesperson for Nickelodeon told DailyMail.com, 'We are unaware of what incident or meeting JoJo is referencing, but it certainly did not happen at Nickelodeon.'
'We have valued and supported JoJo since day one of our relationship together and we still do today.' 
The upcoming Hulu documentary - which is also Lovato's directorial debut - will feature other child stars such as Drew Barrymore, Kenan Thompson, Christina Ricci and Raven-Symoné. 
Lovato will interview the celebrities and examine their lives after growing up in the entertainment industry.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group