Las Vegas Is The Best Place To Elope According To This List
You're in love, and you want to get married. But you want to keep it simple, because it's YOUR day. Time to elope!
You don't want to do the big wedding and family thing. It's expensive, it's a hassle, and you just want to keep it simple, and let's face it - stress free.
Some people don't like saying their vows, or professing their love for someone, in front of hundreds of people. They just don't like to be the center of attention.
And yes - weddings are expensive! Why start your marriage in debt? Save several thousands and elope.
Yep - Las Vegas is the best place to Elope. When you make the decision to just spontaneously sneak away and elope, choosing where exactly to do it only adds to the already exhilarating sense of excitement. 
According to this report, Las Vegas - the Sports and Entertainment Capital of the World - Is the number one place to elope. It topped this list of the top 10 places in the world to run off and get married.
Vegas takes center stage, because its glitzy, it's glamourous, and you can make it as obvious or quiet as you want. Believe it or not, it's easy to hide out here.
In Las Vegas, we host about 150 weddings on any given day. Quick, and small "I do's" happen all the time. For some reason, Las Vegas continues to be a hot spot for weddings, in general. It has become the number one destination for couples to say, you are my “forever." Especially when you're eloping. You can even do a popular drive -thru wedding in Las Vegas!
Las Vegas is a playground for couples. After exchanging vows, newlyweds can enjoy the amazing energy of a city that is always moving. Even if it is just for a couple days.
See a show - Adele, Lady Gaga, Garth, Mariah, Shania - all the one names! Have dinner at a world class restaurant, or specialty cocktails at dozens of really cool, and iconic downtown bars. 
Keep it cheap - and watch the changing scenes on the Sphere, or take a romantic gondola rides along the Vegas Strip.  
Want to go extreme? Take a helicopter tour of the city, or the Grand Canyon. Go zip-lining on Fremont Street, or literally freefall off of the Strat - a GREAT way to celebrate being newlyweds. There is definitely no shortage of things to do in Las Vegas for your elopement!
Here are some other beautiful laces to elope that also landed in the top 10.
Face it, Colorado is beautiful, and there is an abundance of outdoor activities. Say “I do,” then take a hike in the Rockies, enjoy a picnic by a beautiful crystal-clear lake, or go horseback riding, or take a hot air balloon ride. In the winter, skiing or snowboarding in Aspen or Breckenridge. Or, just stay in the lodge - snowy romance!
I mean - it's HAWAII! One of the most beautiful places in the US. Nothing but romance - tropical beaches, swimming with sea turtles, beautiful swaying in the breeze palm trees, traditional luaus - and the road to Hana. A beautiful place to elope!
If you wan to elope internationally, you can't lose with Italy! A country of romance. Beautiful lakes - and a whole coast - abound! Amazing wine, incredible food, history set in the most beautiful backdrops! Gelato, real coffee that you enjoy drinking in a quaint cafe, with no paper cups. You leisurely enjoy it! Pizza, pasta, bread - GOOD CARBS! And again - verrrrry romantic!
Places to elope - Italy
&nbsp;
Yes - Iceland! It is apparently one of the best places to elope. And talk about getting AWAY from it all! A Nordic island with volcanoes, hot springs, lava fields - and glaciers.  Not to mention, Iceland is considered one of the best places in the world to see the Northern Light (Aurora Borealis)! this writer has always wanted to go to Iceland. After reading the Hey Iceland page, I want to go even more!
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!