The NFL is finally back, and football's regular season is officially underway. The viewing options for the season are vast and can get a bit complicated. Fortunately, we've combed through all of the watch options and the 2024-2025 schedule to identify everything you need to know about how to watch NFL games. 
All 32 teams are slated to play 17 games in the 2024-2025 regular season, plus the wild card, divisional rounds, conference championships, and Super Bowl. This means that there are just under 300 NFL games that you can watch this season. The games are spread far and wide, appearing on regional sports networks, nationally broadcast networks, and streaming services (with some games exclusively available on streamers).
Preseason ran for three weeks in August, and the regular season formally kicked off on Thursday, September 5, with a Baltimore Ravens vs. Kansas City Chiefs game. The reigning Super Bowl champs won 27-20 on their home turf. The regular season will run until January 5, 2025, after which point the Playoffs will begin.
The viewing options get tricky, so we'll break down absolutely everything you need to know about watching the NFL this season. We've highlighted cable networks and live streaming options in the US, as well as international streaming options. We'll keep this guide updated throughout the season, so you can always check back for more information.
Key dates:
Look below for a detailed breakdown of which networks and streaming services will air specific NFL games. This chart is for local in-market and national broadcasts during the regular season. Out-of-market games are not available with these services.
Below, we'll dive deeper into all your NFL streaming options. We'll show you how to watch Thursday Night Football, Monday Night Football, Sunday Night Football, and more, whether you want an all-inclusive streaming service or cheaper monthly subscriptions.

                          For just the essentials without any extra fluff, Sling TV is the streaming service you're looking for. It's more customizable than other plans, with three options you can choose from, so you pay for only what you need. New members often get a chunky discount on their first month.
                        
                      
If you're looking for a live TV streaming service to watch football, Sling TV is a great budget option that gives you most of the channels you need at a cheaper price than Hulu or Fubo. There are three different plans, depending on what channels you prioritize. Sling Orange and Sling Blue each cost $46 a month, while the combined Sling Orange + Blue plan costs $61 a month. Additionally, you can purchase the Sling Blue Sports Extra package to add NFL RedZone to your plan for $11 a month.
The Blue plan has NFL Network, as well as Fox and NBC in select markets, while the Orange plan has ESPN. Notably, Sling doesn't offer CBS. We recommend going with Sling Orange + Blue to get access to the most NFL content Sling offers all season long. Sling often offers 50% off your first month.

                      Fubo is the streaming service for sports fans. Its huge library of channels includes regional and international sports leagues, setting it apart from the competition. You can also tack on additional programming to your plan, but it'll cost you extra.
                    
At $80 a month for the Pro plan, Fubo TV offers the same selection of NFL games you can find on Hulu + Live TV and more options than Sling TV. It boasts all the network and cable channels you need to watch local and primetime games. If you want Red Zone, you can add the Sports Plus package for $11 per month. First-time customers can try out any of the base plans free for one week.

                      Hulu + Live TV includes over 90 channels, along with Hulu's on-demand library and access to Disney Plus and ESPN Plus. Adding live TV drives up the price significantly, but it's a rolling one-month contract that you're free to cancel at any time. As live TV services go, this is one of the best.
                    
In addition to all of its other offerings, Hulu + Live TV has nearly everything you need to stream NFL games for $77 per month. Hulu + Live TV gets you access to all local NFL games in your area, with the exception of any blackouts. In addition, you get ESPN and NFL Network. The service even comes with a Disney+ and ESPN+ subscription (plus regular on-demand Hulu) for no extra cost. You can also add the Sports add-on package to get NFL Redzone for an extra $10 a month.

                          Though Hulu's service offers extra on-demand streaming perks, YouTube TV is the best live TV streaming service if all you want is cable content. For a limited time, new members can get their first three months for $58 a month. 
                        
                      
YouTube TV is another service that offers access to local and primetime NFL games. It costs $73 a month, but new members can get their first four months for $53 a month after a free trial. This is $80 in savings before the plan begins to charge you at the standard rate. Additionally, the service offers NFL Redzone in their Sports Plus package for an additional $11 a month.
Starting with the 2023 NFL season, YouTube TV began offering NFL Sunday Ticket as an add-on. This extra package lets you watch all out-of-market games. Without a YouTube TV account, NFL Sunday Ticket costs $119.75/month for four months (or $479 a year), but there are some savings if you bundle a YouTube TV account with NFL Sunday Ticket.
*Out-of-market games are available with the NFL Sunday Ticket package.

                      Peacock is a convenient streaming source for hit NBC TV shows, Universal movies, and select sports like Sunday Night Football. The service also carries its own slate of original programming.
                    
Peacock will stream all games slated to air on NBC during the 2024 season, including all Sunday Night Football games and the Thursday Night kickoff on September 5. It will also exclusively stream the NFL First Friday game on September 6. Last year, Peacock also streamed a playoff game. Subscriptions start at $8 a month for ad-supported viewing and $14 a month for ad-free streaming (although the ad-free terms usually only apply to on-demand content).

                      Paramount Plus is perfect for viewers who want to stream CBS TV shows, local NFL games, and tons of content from Nickelodeon, Comedy Central, BET, and MTV. And if you get the premium tier you can also unlock ad-free streaming and access to Showtime.
                    
If you're just interested in watching CBS games, a Paramount Plus subscription could be all you need. The service lets you stream live CBS television and a growing library of on-demand shows and exclusive titles. 
Paramount Plus Essential is available for $8 a month with commercials or $13 a month with ad-free on-demand streaming and Showtime included. You can try the service free for one week. Right now, there are some major savings on annual plans. All live broadcasts, including NFL games, still feature commercials with the ad-free plan.

                      Amazon Prime Video is a capable, competitive streaming service that's more than just a Prime membership perk. You can also sign up for a stand-alone plan at $9/month. 
                    
Prime Video is now the exclusive home of Thursday Night Football, with regular-season matchups starting September 12. Thursday Night Football has expanded to 16 games this season, with former Sunday Night Football play-by-play announcer Al Michaels joining Kirk Herbstreit in the broadcast booth, with Kaylee Hartung on sideline reporting. This year, Prime Video will also stream an exclusive Wild Card game.
A standalone Amazon Prime Video membership costs $9 a month, and the service is included as part of an Amazon Prime subscription for $139 per year or $15 a month.

                      NFL Plus lets you stream live games to your phone or mobile device, and watch on-demand content from NFL Films and the NFL Network.
                    
If you're only interested in streaming NFL games on your phone or tablet, a subscription to the NFL+ service is your best bet. The platform will let you watch local and primetime broadcast games (regular and postseason), NFL Network games, and out-of-market preseason games.
To access games, you'll need to ensure that your location services are activated on your phone or tablet. NFL+ subscribers also get access to a large library of documentaries and shows from NFL films and the NFL Network, all of which can be found in the NFL app. 
NFL+ Premium is also available for $15 a month or $100 per year. This plan lets you watch replays of games after they air and provides access to game film that's usually reserved for coaches and analysts. Most importantly, NFL+ Premium grants you access to NFL RedZone.

                      ESPN Plus is designed for sports, giving subscribers access to live MLB, NHL, NFL, soccer, golf, and UFC fights. You can pay $12 monthly or go for an annual deal, which saves you about $20 a year. There's also a bundle with Hulu and Disney Plus, which offers an even better discount. 
                    
ESPN+ doesn't offer NFL games every week, but there are a handful of games that will be streamed on the service during the season. ESPN+ will even live stream divisional round playoff games once the regular season concludes. ESPN+ costs $11 a month or $110 per year, and can also be bundled with Disney Plus and Hulu.
Other Monday Night Football games airing on ESPN+ in 2024 include the Jets vs. 49ers on September 8, Commanders vs. Bengals on September 23, Seahawks vs. Lions on September 30, Ravens vs. Buccaneers on October 21, Chargers vs. Cardinals on October 21, Giants vs. Steelers on October 28, Bengals vs. Cowboys on December 9, Bears vs. Viking on December 16, and the Lions vs. 49ers on December 30.

                      DAZN is the home of NFL Game Pass International, the only service offering live and on-demand access to all NFL games in supported countries outside the United States and China.
                    
Starting with the 2023 season and continuing in 2024, NFL fans outside the United States and China can tune into every single game—including playoffs—using NFL Game Pass International on DAZN. The sports streaming service is the exclusive provider of this comprehensive coverage. Prices vary in each region, but as an example, DAZN offers Game Pass International in the United Kingdom for £15.99/month in a 12-month contract or £14.99/week with no commitment. You can watch games live and on-demand. Viewers in the UK may see up to two Sunday games per week on a 24-hour delay. And viewers in Canada can catch all of the NFL action through their regular DAZN subscription, so there's no need to get Game Pass.
You can access Game Pass International through the DAZN app, available on Apple, Android, and Amazon mobile devices; Roku, Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, and Apple TV devices; Smart, Sony, LG, Panasonic, and Roku smart TVs; and PlayStation and Xbox gaming consoles, including PS4, PS5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S.
You can purchase an antenna, like our best overall pick (the Channel Master Flatenna), to add to your TV for about $29, giving you access to local channels within a certain distance. For more recommendations, check our guide to the best digital antennas. 
An antenna lets you watch all the regional games broadcast from whichever market you're located in. You also get the weekly Sunday Night Football matchup that airs on NBC. Because it's only a one-time payment, this is a great option if you're solely interested in watching the team in your area.
Even with comprehensive streaming packages, some conditions may prevent you from watching certain games. The most common is the availability of out-of-market games. Many basic streaming options restrict your game choice to those that would normally air in your city on local, over-the-air network television.
Conversely, all-in packages like Sunday Ticket will only allow you to view out-of-market games, forcing you to turn to traditional options for local games. The networks use several factors to determine which markets their broadcasts will air in.
Blackouts are different. A blackout game means local affiliate stations will decline to show the game, which typically only happens if the team in that market fails to reach a certain number of ticket sales. This tactic is designed to incentivize fans to attend games. But blackouts can also trigger due to contractual disputes and under other rare circumstances.
Additionally, it can be hard to keep up with your favorite teams while traveling, even if you buy every streaming service on this list. Enter VPNs, which we'll discuss at the bottom of this article.
If you're not interested in cable, streaming services, or even getting a digital TV antenna, you'll want to know of a few options for watching free NFL games every week.
If you happen to be away from any of the regions showing these broadcasts at game time or you're trying to keep up with your subscriptions while traveling, you'll want to know your way around a VPN. VPN is short for virtual private network. It's a software tool that allows you to change the location your device appears to be connecting from. In addition, it secures your connection using high-level encryption. For example, if something is showing on a UK website but you're traveling outside the country, just connect to a UK-based server, then revisit the website. In most cases, it'll let you right in to watch whatever you want.
Our go-to is ExpressVPN. It's one of the best VPNs we've tested, and there's no risk in trying it thanks to a generous 30-day money-back guarantee. ExpressVPN is currently offering 49% off annual subscriptions, and you'll get an extra three months free. That nets you 15 months of service in total. Read our ExpressVPN review to learn more, and check it out for yourself by clicking the link below.

                          With its consistent performance, reliable security, and expansive global streaming features, ExpressVPN is the best VPN out there, excelling in every spec and offering many advanced features that make it exceptional. Better yet, you can save more than 60% right now and get up to four months free.
                        
Highlights
Note: The use of VPNs is illegal in certain countries, and using VPNs to access region-locked streaming content might constitute a breach of the terms of use for certain services. Business Insider does not endorse or condone the illegal use of VPNs.
You can purchase logo and accolade licensing to this story here.Disclosure: Written and researched by the Insider Reviews team. We highlight products and services you might find interesting. If you buy them, we may get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our partners. We may receive products free of charge from manufacturers to test. This does not drive our decision as to whether or not a product is featured or recommended. We operate independently from our advertising team. We welcome your feedback. Email us at reviews@businessinsider.com.
Jump to