Let Retail Dive's free newsletter keep you informed, straight from your inbox.
                    
                
            
The location opening comes after the apparel brand ran a seven-month pop-up in New York City’s Hudson Yards.
The West Hollywood store marks the first permanent location since the active lifestyle company was founded in 2020 by Wahlberg, Harry Arnett and Stephen Levinson.
Municipal is planning to open a second 6,000-square-foot retail store in Carlsbad, California, in September, per a company spokesperson. It will feature a coffee shop, barber shop and lounge. More stores are on the drawing board for Las Vegas, Phoenix, Atlanta, Boston and New York.
Visitors to the West Hollywood Municipal Pro Shop will find indoor putting mats and a lounge patterned after resting stations on a golf course. Shoppers will also be offered complimentary snacks and beverages from local eatery, Urth Caffe.
Municipal has recently partnered with several high-profile professional athletes who serve as ambassadors for the brand. Among them are Myles Garrett, All-Pro defensive end for the NFL’s Cleveland Browns who joined the company as an equity stakeholder in 2023. Other sports influencers to partner with Municipal include Detroit Lions quarterback Hendon Hooker and linebacker Matthew Judon of the New England Patriots.
Celebrity-backed brands offer companies a way to reach massive audiences through their followers. As social media has become a dominant avenue for brands to advertise products, having a celebrity endorsement serves to increase awareness and credibility among consumers who follow that influencer.
A report last year by JLL found that celebrity-backed retail brands have opened over 300,000 square feet of space in the past decade. The report also found that Los Angeles was the top destination for celebrity-backed brands to open their first permanent location.
Other celebrities who have recently backed new brands include Beyoncé, who launched the hair care brand Cécred in February, and Lady Gaga, who expanded her Haus Labs by Lady Gaga cosmetics brand with Sephora across 12 countries in Europe after an initial launch in the U.K.
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Since December, retailers including Party City, The Container Store and Joann have all filed for Chapter 11.
It could be an attempt to broaden revenue streams, plot the location of a future store or, at its simplest, take advantage of a good deal.
Subscribe to Retail Dive for top news, trends & analysis
Get the free daily newsletter read by industry experts
Since December, retailers including Party City, The Container Store and Joann have all filed for Chapter 11.
It could be an attempt to broaden revenue streams, plot the location of a future store or, at its simplest, take advantage of a good deal.
The free newsletter covering the top industry headlines