Every year, the MTV VMAs are known to produce bold—and often outrageous—red carpet moments. Remember Lil’ Kim’s purple nipple pasty, or Lady Gaga’s meat dress? When it comes to VMAs style, maximalism always prevails. And at tonight’s ceremony in New York, one notable guest adhered to such signature codes: A mystery star showed up in a pink and white leather moto suit, complete with a giant biker helmet with cone-like ears. The question is: Who dared to wear this avant-garde look? (And no, it was not a member of Daft Punk.)
Revealing his face on the red carpet by lifting up the helmet visor, the masked celebrity turned out to be none other than rapper Lil Nas X, who is serving as a presenter this evening. It’s only natural that Lil Nas X would make such a fashion statement—he loves a VMAs fashion antic, after all. Back in 2022, he hit the VMAs in a theatrical Harris Reed feathered gown and headpiece that took up space on the carpet; In 2019, he opted for a bejeweled sequin suit and ruffled blouse. You simply never know what Lil Nas X will wear to the ceremony, and this year, he switched things up again—looking like a chic robot from the year 3024.
Turns out, it’s also not the first time Lil Nas X has worn the (presumably custom) design, which features “Dreamboy” along the chest. The star recently wore a silver version of the exact same look—right down to the helmet—back in August. Is Dreamboy the title of his next single? Or album? Is it his alter ego or new nickname? Time will reveal the meaning soon, but for now, he simply delivered one of the most head-turning looks of the VMAs.
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty