Filed under:
The Blazers trailed by double digits in the opening minutes, and it just kept getting worse.
The Portland Trail Blazers returned to the friendly confines of the Moda Center tonight after a few days off and got absolutely walloped by the reeling Utah Jazz. The Jazz entered the night as slight underdogs with a 4-17 record. Then they proceeded to embarrass the Blazers on their home floor for four quarters, winning by a final score of 141-99.
This maybe wasn’t Portland’s worst loss of the season, but it’s a strong contender for the unwanted award.
Blazer of the Game: Apologies, but I’m not going to do it, tonight. Honorable mentions go to Jerami Grant, who produced a fine stat line, as well as Rayan Rupert and Jabari Walker, who both tried to inject some energy into the game. In the third quarter, a young Blazers fan on the jumbotron did a moonwalk-type dance in the stands to Lady Gaga’s “Born This Way” that was pretty cool. If I really had to choose, YOU, my friend, are tonight’s Blazer of the Game.
Stat of the Night: 46 versus 1. The Jazz led by as many as 46 during the onslaught. Utah went up 13-3 in the opening minutes, and then added another 10 points to their lead like clockwork with each passing quarter. In comparison, the Blazers’ largest lead was just one, when the score was still 3-2.
What We’ll Remember: The Blazers getting blown out by one of the NBA’s worst teams. The Blazers haven’t entered many games as the presumed favorite in recent seasons. So some might’ve anticipated tonight’s matchup as a nice opportunity for the Blazers to show their stuff and take care of business in front of their home crowd. At the very least, the Blazers were expected to give their fans a competitive show on a Friday night. Instead, the Blazers put up a loud and disappointing dud.
Box Score
What’s Next: A one-game road trip in La La Land. The Blazers play LeBron James and the Los Angeles Lakers Sunday. Tipoff is scheduled for 6:30 p.m. Pacific.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.