The biggest names in film, music, TV and fashion will ascend the steps of the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York on Monday with their interpretation of the theme Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion.
The Met Gala, known as fashion’s biggest night, is held on the first Monday in May and celebrates the opening of the Costume Institute’s spring exhibition at the New York museum.
The official dress code this year is The Garden Of Time, inspired by a story by JG Ballard about a man who turns back time by plucking each flower in his garden until it is barren – which could inspire a host of floral and botanical looks.
The guest list is kept a secret but over the years, viral looks have been delivered by stars including Lady Gaga, Kim Kardashian, Billie Eilish and Rihanna.
Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour has been running the Met Gala since 1995.
This year, her celebrity co-chairs are Zendaya, Bad Bunny, Jennifer Lopez and first-time attendee Chris Hemsworth.
Fashion powerhouse Zendaya most recently impressed with her futuristic, sci-fi inspired looks during the Dune: Part Two press tour, as well as her tenniscore ensembles during the Challengers press tour.
Meanwhile, Lopez has been a long-time presence on the Met Gala steps, attending 13 Met Galas since 2004.
Last year, the theme was Karl Lagerfeld: A Line Of Beauty, in tribute to the designer who died in 2019.
The Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion exhibition will feature around 200 fragile and rare pieces from the Costume Institute’s archive, inspired by the natural world.
The exhibit at the Metropolitan Museum of Art will run from May 10 until September 2.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.