Amanda Holden has suggested that her friend Piers Morgan may be the person who bought Scarlett Johansson's dirty tissue for roughly £4,000 back in 2008. Appearing as a guest on the US talk show Tonight at the time, the 39-year-old actress was suffering from a cold, which she claimed she caught from her The Spirit co-star Samuel L Jackson.
To try and help her, host Jay Leno handed her over a tissue which she blew into on two occasions and, after leaving some lipstick and mucus behind, she signed the dirty tissue and put it into a bag. The Black Widow star's tissue then went on to rack up $5,300 (roughly £4,100) on eBay, which went towards her charity of choice, USA Harvest. Speaking on Heart Radio today, Amanda and Jamie Theakston recalled the bizarre moment during a discussion about the weird celebrity items that had managed to sell for thousands. Those listed in the chat included Lady Gaga's false nail which sold for $12,000 (roughly £9,392) at auction as well as a jar of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's breath allegedly being bought for £75,000.
After Jamie shared the story about Scarlett, his co-star asked: "Oh my god, did Piers Morgan buy that tissue? Because he's obsessed with her.
"No details on the buyer of that," Jamie replied, to which she laughed: "I bet it was him."
The Mirror has contacted a representative for Piers for comment. In the same year that the tissue sold, Piers insisted that Scarlett was the only woman from America who he found attractive.According to Observer Woman, he said: "I think [US women] are sexless apart from Scarlett Johansson.
"I cannot imagine Americans having sex with each other."
While a fan of her looks, Piers wasn't so keen on her stance towards James Franco back in 2018.
Writing in his column with the Daily Mail at the time, he suggested that the actress was inconsistent in her "moral outrage" and questioned her support for Woody Allen.
As part of his opinion at the time, he added: "[It] wouldn't be so bad if all this new moral outrage had any kind of consistency to it.
"Instead, we're left with the likes of sanctimonious Scarlett crucifying James Franco but taking Woody Allen's pay-checks and hugging it out with Roman Polanski."
In his personal life, the TalkTV star has been married twice; firstly to Marion Shalloe, who he has three sons with, followed by his current wife Celia Walden.
With the latter, they began dating in 2006 and went on to tie the knot four years later. Together, they share 12-year-old daughter Elise.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.