The band that brought the world “Sympathy For The Devil” is headed to Sin City.
On Saturday, May 11, the Rolling Stones are dropping into Las Vegas’ Allegiant Stadium with special guest The Pretty Reckless.
This concert will be the third official stop on the Stones’ ”24 Hackney Diamonds Tour.’ At the first two gigs, the Rock Hall of Famers have played a mix of classic hits like “Start Me Up,” “It’s Only Rock ‘n’ Roll,” “Miss You,” “Gimme Shelter” and “You Can’t Always Get What You Want” along with a handful of cuts from their 2023 album “Hackney Diamonds,” according to Set List FM.
And if the band’s Instagram is any indication, the shows look like a blast.
Want to grab last-minute tickets?
As of now, they’re surprisingly affordable (especially for Las Vegas).
At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on tickets was $77 before fees on Vivid Seats.
Better yet, general admission floor passes start at $103 before fees.
Not a bad price to catch one of the world’s most legendary groups live and up close.
Looking for a few more details before checking out?
We’ve got everything you need to know and more about the Rolling Stones’ Las Vegas concert below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete breakdown of all the best prices on tickets by section at Las Vegas’ Allegiant Stadium can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
A layout of Allegiant Stadium can be found below.
After the night in Vegas, Mick, Keith and co. have 15 more stadium concerts on their 2024 tour calendar.
For a closer look, here’s where they’re headed next (along with the special guests they’re bringing along):
Most recently, the Stones performed at Glendale, AZ’s State Farm Stadium on May 7.
Here’s what they took to the stage that night, according to Set List FM:
01.) “Start Me Up”02.) “It’s Only Rock ‘n’ Roll (but I Like It)”03.) “She’s So Cold”04.) “Angry”05.) “Beast of Burden”06.) “Monkey Man”07.) “Mess It Up”08.) “Tumbling Dice”
09.) “You Can’t Always Get What You Want”10.) “Little T&A”11.) “Sympathy for the Devil”12.) “Honky Tonk Women”13.) “Miss You”14.) “Gimme Shelter”15.) “Paint It Black”16.) “Jumpin’ Jack Flash”
Encore
17.) “Sweet Sounds of Heaven”18.) “(I Can’t Get No) Satisfaction”
On Oct. 20, the Stones released their 26th American studio album, “Hackney Diamonds,” featuring special guests Paul McCartney, Elton John, Lady Gaga and Stevie Wonder.
Comprised of 12 hard-rocking tracks that wouldn’t be out of place alongside their singalong stadium anthems of yore, “Diamonds” shows that Mick, Keith, and Ronnie still have their sticky fingers on rock and roll’s pulse.
“We wouldn’t have put this album out if we didn’t really like it,” Jagger, 80, told Jimmy Fallon. “We must say that we are quite pleased with it. We’re not big-headed but we hope you like it.”
If you’re looking to sample the record, we suggest starting with the fierce lead track “Angry” and the wistful ballad “Dreamy Skies.”
Prefer to listen in full? You can find “Hackney Diamonds” here.
No joke — the upcoming tour is sponsored by AARP.
Rather than shy away from their age, the legendary rockers are embracing their elder statesman status.
To give you a peek at who’s in the group these days, take a look below.
Mick Jagger (80-years-old) lead and backing vocals, harmonica, rhythm guitar, percussion, keyboards, bass guitar (1962–present)
Keith Richards (80-years-old) rhythm and lead guitars, bass guitar, keyboards, percussion, backing and lead vocals (1962–present)
Ronnie Wood (76-years-old) lead and rhythm guitars, bass guitar, backing vocals, pedal steel guitar (1975–present)
Backing musicians include Chuck Leavell, Bernard Fowler, Matt Clifford, Darryl Jones, Tim Ries, Karl Denson, Chanelle Haynes, and Steve Jordan.
Their longtime drummer Charlie Watts passed away in August 2021.
The Stones will be joined by frontwoman Taylor Momsen’s band in The Entertainment Capital of the World.
Formed in 2009, the hard rockin’ group is known for megahits like “Heaven Knows” and “Make Me Wanna Die.”
If you want to hear them for yourself, you can find The Pretty Reckless’ complete discography here.
Many AARP card-carrying icons will take the stage this year and next.
Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss live in the near future.
• Neil Young
• Bob Dylan with Robert Plant and Willie Nelson
• Electric Light Orchestra
• Ringo Starr
• Justin Hayward of The Moody Blues
Need more ’60s and ’70s hitmakers in your life? Check out our list of the 52 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2024 to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change