Lainey Wilson is set to perform at MGM Grand Garden, side-saddle with the National Finals Rodeo at nearby Thomas & Mack Center.
Lainey Wilson says, “A lot can happen in a year, and I am proof of that. I went from playing a show in Alabama to 87 people, and the next thing you know, I’m headlining my very first arena show.”
That’s from Wilson’s “Bell Bottom Country” Hulu documentary series, which premiered Thursday. Announced Monday (after being teased Sunday), Wilson’s remarkably sharp rise as a top country headliner will continue with a stop at MGM Grand Garden on Dec. 14, on her “Wildflowers and Wild Horses” tour. Tracy Lawrence and Mae Estes are her guest stars.
The 32-year-old singer-songwriter is set to perform side-saddle with the National Finals Rodeo, which runs Dec. 5-14 at the Thomas & Mack Center.
Raised the northeast Louisiana town of Baskin, a burg of about 200 people, Wilson has been on a torrid streak this year.
The fifth-generation rancher has vaulted from a club performer to an arena tour in six months. Her “Bell Bottom Country” release won this year’s Grammy for Best Country Album, topping the stout group of nominees Brothers Osborne, Kelsea Ballerini, Tyler Childers and Zach Bryan.
And Wilson prevailed as CMA’s Entertainer of the Year, a field typically dominated by male artists (prior to Wilson’s honor, Taylor Swift was the category’s most recent female recipient in 2011). Wilson’s victory snapped Luke Combs’ two-year hold on the award.
Wilson’s top-selling singles have hit in rapid succession, led by “Wildflowers and Wild Horses,” “Heart Like A Truck,” “Things A Man Oughta Know,” and “Watermelon Moonshine” She has also appeared in a scene from the Paramount series “Yellowstone,” role of the country singer Abby, performing “Watermelon Moonshine” on a flatbed trailer in Montana.
Live Nation sent a clever, and not universally decipherable, post to social media on Sunday, trumpeting, “Vegas, Hold your horses… wild horses that is! Big announcement coming tomorrow!” Many followers thought the silhouetted image might be Beyonce, for a residency based on her “Cowboy Carter” album.
Vegas, hold your horses…wild horses that is! Big announcement coming tomorrow! pic.twitter.com/godzCkU9fQ
— Live Nation Las Vegas (@LiveNationVegas) June 2, 2024
Not so. The reference was to Wilson’s “Wildflowers and Wild Horses” single. The budding superstar is taking over where Bruno Mars, Maroon 5 and Lady Gaga have packed the room.
John Katsilometes’ column runs daily in the A section. His “PodKats!” podcast can be found at reviewjournal.com/podcasts. Contact him at jkatsilometes@reviewjournal.com. Follow @johnnykats on X, @JohnnyKats1 on Instagram.
Honored in Las Vegas, columnist Norm Clarke’s final resting place will be his hometown of Terry, Mont.
Mark Davis has signed a legend, and not for the first time, for a Raiders event.
Beyoncé was hit with a cease-and-desist letter from Sphere CEO James Dolan over a video in her “Cowboy Carter” tour in which the superstar picks up the Las Vegas venue.
The Red Rocker’s most extensive performance commitment ever on the Strip, “Best of All Worlds” runs through May 17.
Think performers wielding iconic props like blasters and light sabers, R2-D2 making it rain by firing cash in the air, and Han Solo gyrating to “Smooth Criminal,” to screams that reach the edge of the galaxy.
“The Party” is ongoing for Spiegelworld, which has named its new project just that.
Beyoncé is shown grabbing and holding the Sphere in her “Cowboy Carter” tour production. She’s not revealing why.
Jay Sarno Jr., the son of the founder of Caesars Palace, sets the record straight on the tale of Evel Knievel’s infamous Caesars jump.
It’ll be temperature up, “Hands Down” at the Durango casino in July.Alt-rock band Dashboard Confessional is the latest headliner for the resort’s “Bel-Aire Poolside Concert Series.”
Bruno Mars is already the longest-running headliner at Dolby Live. The nine new dates he just added would take him to triple digits.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP