Swift's 2017 single "....Ready for It?" played as the 27-year-old began her routine in Paris.
 Simone Biles proved she was ready for it when she made history at the 2024 Summer Olympics — with the sounds of Taylor Swift carrying her to the finish.

 The 27-year-old gymnast won all-around gold Thursday night inside Paris' Bercy Arena, after dazzling audiences with an impeccably executed floor routine that kicked off with an instrumental clip lifted from Swift's 2017 Reputation single "...Ready for It?"

 Biles' routine began with production from the single playing overhead, before it transitioned to another tune as she finished the set.

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

NBC
 In the end, Biles finished with an all-around score of 59.131, finishing ahead of Rebeca Andrade's score of 57.932 for Brazil, and fellow American gymnastics teammate Sunisa Lee, who posted 56.465 to take bronze.

 Biles has used "....Ready for It?" in her floor routine for weeks leading up to the Paris Olympics, including in June at the Olympic trials. Swift, who's currently performing the final stretch of her massive Eras Tour, even responded to Biles' usage of the song.

 "Watched this so many times and still unready," Swift posted on X. "She’s ready for it tho."

 To cap the occasion, Biles wore a silver goat necklace during her performance, referencing the fact that she's often referred to as the G.O.A.T. — the Greatest of All Time — in the sport.

 With her latest all-around gold, Biles also became the oldest gymnast to achieve the feat since 1952, when Soviet competitor Maria Gorokhovskaya took gold at age 30.

 Biles' incorporation of Swift into her routine isn't the 2024 Summer Olympics' only moment of pop star energy, as the sporting event kicked off last week with special performances by Lady Gaga, French-Malian recording artist Aya Nakamura, and global icon Celine Dion, who made her musical comeback while backdropped by the Eiffel Tower.

 Watch a portion of the floor routine that helped Biles win all-around gold at the Paris Olympics in the video above.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)