The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards red carpet is notorious for its outrageous and over-the-top displays of fashion.
Each year, the MTV VMAs bring together artists across genres in a celebration of music and must-see moments. But before stars enter the UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y., they’re debuting looks that could be talked about for years to come.
Who could forget the scandalous lilac jumpsuit and singular seashell-shaped pastie that Lil’ Kim wore to the 1999 awards show or Rose McGowan’s barely there dress from the 1998 ceremony? We’d be remiss not to mention Lady Gaga’s controversial 2010 look made entirely of raw beef.
Celebrities know the VMAs are the place to make a sartorial splash. Here are some of the most unforgettable looks from the event.
Taylor Swift put on an edgy display when she walked the black carpet. The “Fortnight” singer, who could make history tonight as the only artist to win the Video of the Year award three consecutive times and five times overall, channeled her inner punk with a yellow plaid corset dress by Dior. Swift, who endorsed Kamala Harris for president on Instagram Sept. 10, finished the look with black leather gloves.
Taylor Swift. (Noam Galai/Getty Images for MTV)
Sabrina Carpenter channeled Old Hollywood glamour in a vintage Bob Mackie gown worn by Madonna for the 1991 Oscars. The “Taste” singer, who is nominated for seven awards including Artist of the Year, sparkled in a body-hugging strapless gown with a sweetheart neckline.
Sabrina Carpenter. (Angela Weiss/AFP via Getty Images)
Wielding a literal sword, first-time VMA nominee and performer Chappell Roan stepped out in a sheer black dress with a plunging neckline, which she topped off with a sage green velvet cape.
Her mesh gloves, silver-toned cuffs, cross pendant and metallic, clawlike nails further elevated her gothic look.
Chappell Roan. (Gilbert Flores/Billboard via Getty Images)
Katy Perry, who is the recipient of the 2024 Video Vanguard Award, stepped out in an asymmetrical top and low-waisted skirt from Who Decides War’s spring/summer 2025 collection.
Katy Perry. (Angela Weiss/AFP via Getty Images)
Megan Thee Stallion, who is pulling double duty as both host and performer, wore a glamorous black gown featuring a corseted bodice with a voluminous semi-sheer mermaid skirt.
Megan Thee Stallion. (Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for MTV)
Camila Cabello arrived at the VMAs in a gothic-inspired gown with delicate black beading by Tony Ward Couture. She paired the dramatic frock with a coordinating lace veil and cross pendants.
Camila Cabello. (Angela Weiss/AFP via Getty Images)
Halsey arrived in a vintage Versace gown. During the red carpet preshow, the “Lucky” singer revealed that the red-and-black leopard-printed frock was previously worn by actress Elizabeth Hurley in 1996.
Halsey. (Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images)
Addison Rae looked reminiscent of a Victoria’s Secret Angel when she walked the black carpet. The “Diet Pepsi” singer sported white satin lingerie with a tulle skirt.
Addison Rae. (Angela Weiss/AFP via Getty Images)
Shawn Mendes kept things classic in an all-black suit.
Shawn Mendes. (Angela Weiss/AFP via Getty Images)
Four-time VMA nominee Benson Boone sported a sheer black lace blouse with black pants. The “Beautiful Things” singer added some sparkle to his look with silver loafers.
Benson Boone. (Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images)
Suki Waterhouse wore a black dress with cut out details, which she paired with a feathered shawl.
Suki Waterhouse. (Noam Galai/Getty Images for MTV)
The Little Mermaid actress stepped out in a beaded red gown with a strapless, structured bodice.
Halle Bailey. (Angela Weiss/AFP via Getty Images)
Best New Artist and Song of Summer nominee Shaboozey kept things casual. The singer sported a button up shirt and dark denim jeans.
Shaboozey (Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for MTV)
Miranda Lambert wore an all-black pantsuit with a statement turquoise collar. Turquoise pops of color were also seen in her necklace and nails.
Miranda Lambert. (Gilbert Flores/Billboard via Getty Images)
Anitta, who is nominated for Best Latin, looked every bit bridal — with a twist — in a white corseted minidress with a matching veil.
Anitta. (Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images)
Cyndi Lauper wore a black-and-white suit on the black carpet.
Cyndi Lauper. (Jamie McCarthy/WireImage)
DJ Khaled opted for a matching pink button-up and pants in a woven material. His rose-colored glasses complemented the look.
DJ Khaled. (Jamie McCarthy/WireImage)
Best Latin nominee Karol G put on a fiery display in a flame-printed floor-length gown.
Karol G. (Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images)
Four-time VMA nominee LISA made a dramatic entrance in a blush-toned gown, complete with a draped hood and nude corseted bodice.
LISA. (Angela Weiss /AFP via Getty Images)
Lenny Kravitz, who is performing at the awards show, kept to his signature rocker style with an all-leather ensemble.
Lenny Kravitz. (Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images)
Hip-hop duo Insane Clown Posse members Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope wore bold printed suits.
Insane Clown Posse. (Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
Former Bachelorette Tayshia Adams kept things simple in a black dress with a plunging neckline.
Tayshia Adams. (Gilbert Flores/Billboard via Getty Images)
Alejandra, Daniela and Paulina Villarreal, members of Mexican rock band the Warning, stepped out in coordinating red looks.
The Warning. (Angela Weiss/AFP via Getty Images)
Source link 
I'm an interactive digital experience bringing you the latest in fashion, music, entertainment, art and social media & technology. I was created in 2009 in the hopes of making your life more fun by giving you a media consumption experience unparalleled to any other.
Stories that matter with people who matter. Connecting you with the brightest lights in the entertainment and fashion industry. New issue below!