Arianna Rosario, who plays Satine's alternate, performs a song during the Lied's announcement of the Moulin Rouge musical on Monday at the Lied Center for Performing Arts.
The North American tour of “Moulin Rouge! The Musical” will play the Lied Center for Performing Arts from Feb. 4-16.
Arianna Rosario performs the "Moulin Rouge: The Musical" version of Katy Perry’s “Firework” at the Lied Center for Performing Arts.
Arianna Rosario was on the Orpheum Theatre stage Sunday night, playing Satine in the national touring company production of “Moulin Rouge: The Musical.”
Monday morning, Rosario was in Lincoln singing the musical’s version of Katy Perry’s “Firework” to announce that “Moulin Rouge: the Musical” will play the Lied Center for Performing Arts for two weeks in February.
Monday’s announcement came a month after the Lied Center released its 2024-2025 schedule, having been delayed until the Tony Award-winning musical completed its Omaha run Sunday.
“When there are two Broadway markets next to each other, once a show is closed in one market, you can go on sale with it in the second market,” said Lied deputy director Matthew Boring. “That’s common practice. You see the same thing with arena shows all the time."
“Moulin Rouge,” the winner of 10 Tony Awards, including best musical, is based on the 2001 Baz Luhrmann romantic musical film that starred Ewan McGregor as a poet who falls in love with Nicole Kidman as the star of the Moulin Rouge cabaret.
But, Rosario said, the musical is about more than just the romance.
“At its core, ‘Moulin Rouge’ is a story about artists trying to produce art, artists like (painter Henri de) Toulouse-Lautrec, who’s in the show,” Rosario said. “The artists are showing their talent, sharing their talents, which is what we’re trying to do as actors.”
Set in 1900, the musical celebrates more than 160 years of music from Offenbach to Lady Gaga. The musical features many of the iconic songs from the movie and also includes hits, like “Firework,” released in the past two decades.
“There are so many songs like that in the show,” said Rosario, who was set to fly from Lincoln to Appleton, Wisconsin, Monday afternoon to catch up with the tour. “And they’ve taken a lot of songs from the movie, updated them and added to them, even like a guitar riff.”
“Moulin Rouge: The Musical,” which will have 16 performances from Feb. 4-16, will be the third musical to run for two weeks at the Lied, following “The Phantom of the Opera” in 2018 and “Hamilton” last year.
Both “The Phantom of the Opera” and “Hamilton” drew more than 30,000 people to the Lied, many of them from outside Lincoln.
Tickets are now available as part of "Create Your Own Season" packages, where subscribers pick any five events from the season and save 20% on the order.
At 11 a.m. Tuesday, “Moulin Rouge” tickets will be available as part of new four-show Broadway packages made possible because the Lied has four musicals that will run for a week or longer in the 2024-25 season. The package, which starts at $177, also will include “Back to the Future: the Musical,” “Beetlejuice” and “Disney’s The Little Mermaid.” Those packages allow patrons to lock in the same seats for all four shows on Tuesday, Wednesday or Sunday evenings.
Single-show tickets will go on sale later this summer.
Tickets can be purchased at liedcenter.org, by phone at 402-472-4747 and at the Lied box office.
Tennessee's Aaron Combs (front right) celebrates with his teammates after the last out to win Game 3 of the College World Series championship series against Texas A&M on Monday, June 24, 2024, at Charles Schwab Field Omaha. Tennessee won 6-5.
Texas A&M's Jace LaViolette (left) and Hayden Schott (right) embrace after losing to Tennessee in the College World Series championship game Monday at Charles Schwab Field Omaha.
A young bald eagle eats a fish near hole 13 Friday at Holmes Lake Golf Course. Bald eagles don't grow their distinctive white head feathers until they are about 4 years old.
Parker Crane works on landing a trick on the table portion of a ledge feature at the Tierra Briarhurst Skatepark on Wednesday.
India Ingram (center from left) dances with Jada and Tonisha Williams during a Juneteenth celebration put on by the Malone Center in Woods Park on Saturday.
Lori Thomas, chief operating officer of the Nebraska Horsemen’s Benevolent and Protective Association, poses for a portrait with her art, which will be exhibited at the Miller Grell Law Group.
From the bullpen, Kentucky's Jackson Nove (left), Eli Small (center) and Cameron O'Brien (right) celebrate a two-RBI homer hit by Nolan McCarthy (19) during the fourth inning of Game 3 of the College World Series against NC State on Saturday, June 15, 2024, at Charles Schwab Field Omaha.
Artist Angela Two Stars sketches on a printmaking block as part of her artist residency at Great Plains Art Museum on Friday. A multidisciplinary artist and a member of the Sisseton Wahpeton Oyate, Two Stars has worked on art pieces that focus on healing intergenerational trauma. She has created various pieces to be part of the museum's permanent collection during her stay in Lincoln. The last day of her residency at the museum is Saturday.
Lincoln local Dave Dier (right) speaks with artist Chris Abigt of Ottumwa, Iowa, at her tent during the Lincoln Arts Festival on Canopy Street in downtown Lincoln on Saturday.
Nebraska hurdler and Lincoln native Darius Luff poses with a proclamation signed by Mayor Leirion Gaylor Baird, who announced June 7 as "Darius Luff Day" on Monday at the Devaney Sports Center.
Florida State's James Tibbs III (22) throws a beach ball back into the crowd during game two of the College World Series against Florida State on Friday, June 14, 2024, at Charles Schwab Field, in Omaha.
Angela Reynoso, 2, of Grand Island, drives her toy car along the koi pond retaining wall Monday at the Sunken Gardens in Lincoln. Temperatures on Monday reached the 90s. Tuesday's forecast calls for a high of 91 with a chance for storms in the evening, according to the National Weather Service.
Director of the Raptor Conservation Alliance Betsy Finch and President of the Raptor Conservation Alliance Doug Finch use a flashlight to check a peregrine falcon chick's mouth for parasites after it was banded on Wednesday at the Capitol.
North Carolina's Vance Honeycutt (7) bows his head as his teammates spray water on him after his winning hit during the first game of the College World Series against Virginia on Friday, June 14, 2024, at Charles Schwab Field, in Omaha. North Carolina won 3-2.
Tommy Arsiaga huddles with young boxers at The Complex on Tuesday. Arsiaga and his wife Tina bought the six-acre Champions Fun Center two years ago and turned into a training center for at-risk youths in Lincoln.
Connor McFayden of Lincoln cleans up broken tents on Saturday morning at the Star City Pride Fesitval space near Pinnacle Bank Arena. Heavy rain and wind damaged vendor booths and the stage.
Swimmers cool off in the pool at Star City Shores on Tuesday in Lincoln, which was only the third day so far this summer to top 90 degrees. However, the 90s are on tap for the foreseeable future as the city will see its first heat wave of the year.
Julie York, a foster parent with Brave Animal Rescue, holds eight week old kittens (from left) Piglet, Pooh Bear and Roo on Friday, May 31, 2024. York has a dedicated "kitten room" built in her basement to house foster kittens for up to four to six weeks at a time. As a foster parent, York has taken care of 96 animals that have since been adopted.
Daylilies are seen in bloom in front of the state Capitol on Monday in Lincoln. Temperature in Lincoln reached a high of 87 degrees on Monday according to the National Weather Service. Tuesday is expected to reach 84 degrees with storms possible.
Elijah Harris (from left) breaks a water balloon over the head of Joshua Williams, 12, as Alicio Brown, 9, throws a water balloon, while Amarien Bonebright, 8 escapes carrying ammunition during a Community Day event put on by Black African Family at Woods Park on Friday, June 7, 2024, in Lincoln.
Minnie Anderson, 92, (left) embraces 104-year-old WWII veteran Andy Meyerle as he is welcomed back home from a D-Day honor flight on Thursday at the Savannah Pines Retirement Community. Anderson and Meyerle sit together and play card games during happy hour every day.
Lincoln's Drew Devine (3) makes a diving catch in the second inning against Lake Country on Thursday at Haymarket Park.
Piano keys are reflected in the sunglasses of Lewade “Big Wade” Milliner, an Omaha native who is the lead singer/pianist of the band Big Wade & Black Swan Theory, as he performs with his band-mates at the Rococo Theatre during the first Jazz in June show of the year Tuesday. The show, scheduled for the Sheldon Sculpture Garden, moved inside because of the forecast.
Jaz Shelley (center) smiles during her youth basketball skills camp Thursday at Speedway Sports Complex.
Lincoln Indian Center board member John Yoakum (left) and executive director Steve Laravie Jr. load bottled water onto a truck to be delivered to the Santee Sioux Reservation on Wednesday in Lincoln.
Cedars employees Nate Wright (from left), Jay Voigt and Nicole Woebbecke share information about their organization during the Give to Lincoln Day nonprofit festival on Thursday at Tower Square.
Joseph Kruger (from left) wipes his eyes next to Deputy Lancaster County Public Defenders Sarah Safarik and Shawn Elliott as the state gives the opening statement during his trial Tuesday at Lancaster County District Court.
The South team celebrates their win after the 66th annual Shrine Bowl of Nebraska game on Saturday, June 1, 2024, at Cope Stadium. South won 17-10.
Ginnie Lewis of Lincoln (left) points to Lincoln musician Bill Chrastil (right) as he sings "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'" during the Veterans Freedom Music Festival Saturday at Antelope Park.
Lincoln Saltdogs' Drew Devine (3) takes a moment to ready himself in the dugout before taking on the Kane County Cougars at Haymarket Park on Wednesday, May 29, 2024, in Lincoln.
Enyssa Arps (left) and Cole Kampschneider shop for herbs from the Green School Farms booth during the Hub Farmers Market on Wednesday at Union Plaza. The farmers market, which features live music, food and a number of vendors, is every Wednesday from 5-7 p.m. through Sept. 25.
Independent Senate candidate Dan Osborn (right) answers questions from audience members during a townhall at the Lincoln Labor Temple on Tuesday.
Reach the writer at 402-473-7244 or kwolgamott@journalstar.com. On Twitter @KentWolgamott  
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Entertainment reporter/columnist
After an uproar about trophies from Lincoln Northeast being discarded in a dumpster over the weekend, Lincoln Public Schools said it will chan…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.