By 

	Maura Johnston


Leading up to the Grammy nominations on Nov. 8, Rolling Stone is breaking down 13 different categories. For each, we’re predicting the nominees, as well as who will (and who should) win on Grammy night. 

	This nomination year was one of pop’s most lively in recent memory, with newly minted phenomena, breakout hits, and superstar flag-plants jostling for position on playlists and charts. It makes for a fairly wide-open Record of the Year field that could balance starpower with surprises.   

	 Benson Boone, “Beautiful Things”  Beyoncé & Miley Cyrus, “II Most Wanted”  Billie Eilish, “Birds of a Feather” Kendrick Lamar, “Not Like Us” Sabrina Carpenter, “Espresso” Shaboozey, “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” Taylor Swift, “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart” Zach Bryan, “Pink Skies”

ShaboozeyFew songs combine this year’s many pop phenomena — new artists making splashes, cross-genre experimentation, the return of country to the Top 10 — than Shaboozey’s strummy, hooky “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” which showcases the Virginia-born singer-rapper’s deep voice on a cut that recalls modern hip-hop and folksy roots-pop. “That song immediately felt like a hit from the moment you heard it,” says Talia Kraines, Senior Editor of Pop at Spotify. “It’s been great to be able to have that song on pop and country lists. And it’s become an all-encompassing party hit for all time — a kind of genre-less song.” 

	










Billie EilishBillie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” is a pop gem that showed how the eclectic artist’s vocal interpretations have matured since her late-‘10s breakthrough. Listeners naturally gravitated toward it, too, and it unexpectedly became the hit from  Hit Me Hard and Soft this summer. “I love that,” says Kraines. “When a record comes out, there’s a planned [focus] song, but then we begin very quickly seeing on Spotify different songs beginning to trend. We immediately all loved ‘Birds of a Feather’ in editorial, so we were so happy when listeners also loved it.”  





	
		Editor’s picks
	
	











	
	
		
					The 100 Best TV Episodes of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century So Far		
	














	
	
		
					The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 200 Greatest Singers of All Time		
	








	Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter and Taylor Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department have no shortage of potential candidates, starting with their lead singles, the twangy “Texas Hold ‘Em” and the moody, Post Malone-assisted “Fortnight.” But this category might be the place for curveballs: Beyoncé’s “II Most Wanted” is a classic-sounding duet with last year’s Record of the Year winner, Miley Cyrus, while Swift’s “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart” is a sparkling Jack Antonoff production that, Kraines notes, “has really connected on this new portion of the Eras Tour.” 

	










	Elsewhere, Benson Boone’s storming “Beautiful Things” combines old-school rock fireworks with next-generation stardom. “’Beautiful Things’ came out at the start of [2024], which feels so long ago,” says Kraines, “but it’s still one of the biggest songs of the year.” Zach Bryan’s “Pink Skies” shows off the singer-songwriter’s ability to turn subtle emotional shades into stadium-ready country cuts. “Zach is a great pick and deserves his Grammy moment,” says Kraines. “He originally came out of country and Americana, but he’s transcendent — despite being so rootsy and in one genre on paper, everyone likes listening to him.” Sabrina Carpenter’s smoothly quirky “Espresso” was a smash from the jump, and it made the Disney vet feel like an overnight sensation. “My favorite thing is to tell people that we’re on Sabrina’s sixth studio album,” says Kraines. “She’s been here, and the idiosyncratic lyrics really captured everyone’s heart.” 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	








	The question of whether Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” will make it is a chin-scratcher. An undeniable sensation immediately upon its surprise release, the DJ Mustard-produced banger’s popularity has only grown since early May, with marching bands picking up its mantle for this fall’s football season. But will its lyrics, which focus squarely on the perceived wrongdoings of Drake and his entourage, be too much for the nominating committee? Kraines doesn’t think so. “It was so big and such a moment,” she says, “it would be a strange thing to not include.” 





	
		Related Content
	
	






	
	
		
					Jelly Roll and Shaboozey, Backstreet Boys and Rascal Flatts to Perform at 2025 ACM Awards		
	









	
	
		
					Shaboozey to Launch the 'Great American Roadshow Tour' This Fall		
	









	
	
		
					Shaboozey and Jelly Roll Just Want an 'Amen' on New Duet		
	









	
	
		
					Lana Del Rey, Bon Iver, Shaboozey, and All the Songs You Need to Know This Week		
	








	More than a few credible contenders could be swapped in for most of these eight spots, too. Chappell Roan’s seething “Good Luck, Babe!” was like gasoline poured on the Missouri-born singer’s career, which had already been smoldering because of her earlier singles and her plum spot on Olivia Rodrigo’s Guts Tour. Post Malone’s Morgan Wallen collab “I Had Some Help” began his turn toward country and became one of this summer’s biggest hits. Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars’ “Die With a Smile” is another superstar team-up, one that, says Kraines, is “a classic-sounding song that feels like we’ve been listening to it forever with two of everyone’s favorite artists.” Whether those bona fides are enough in a packed Grammy year, though, is up for debate. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.