Is This The Most Unattractive Hobby A Man Can Have? (Photo by Cate Gillon/Getty Images)
What's the most unattractive hobby a man can have? One woman is claiming she knows the answer, and we hope she's wrong.
There are many hobbies that I'm sure are considered unattractive. There's stuff like Muckbang, dangerous stunts, and other hobbies that might not look good to onlookers. However, are they the most unattractive hobby? Not according to her!
One woman is saying that playing video games are the most unattractive hobby a man can have. That's not great for Chuck! Certainly, there has to be hobbies that are less attractive than that, no?
According to The New York Post, right-wing commentator Liz Wheeler made the polarizing claim on X (formerly Twitter) which has created quite the stir online. Liz shared a graphic of a graph detailing the least attractive hobbies for men according to women (although there's no source provided for the data and the image has been tied back to a TikTok joke about birdwatchers, but of course someone had to grab it and run with it).
Liz captioned the post, "This is 100% true. Men playing video games is peak unattractive. Beyond red flag. Like dealbreaker zone. It's weird that so many dudes don't get this." What's the problem with playing video games? Sure, the culture can be a bit toxic but that doesn't apply to everyone who plays video games. It can be a great way to relieve stress and unwind after a rough day. Plus, there are all sorts of video games to choose from. There are ones about war and battle, then there are sports games, and even lifestyle games or simulations like The Sims. It's not all bad!
She went on to clarify that she's not talking about people who play Pac-Man or Tetris or any arcade style game. Sounds like she might like those and is willing to give those a pass? Seems a bit odd. She actually commented a lot under her post so I feel like she's just trying to get you to rage click and reply to get herself some attention. That's what this has to be, right?
People in the replies are really letting her have it. One user on X said, "I hardly even play video games but I might start just to make sure you never come near me." Boom roasted! What do you think? Are video games the most unattractive hobby a man can have?
Oh, Chuck The Freak. Where would we be without you? The funny man often makes the Peep Show what it is. I can't imagine the show without his wit, comedy, and good looks.
To celebrate Chuck The Freak, we've found 5 of our favorite hilarious Chuck moments from The Peep Show. Check them out below!
Obviously, choosing 5 favorite Chuck moments was no easy feat. Seriously, I feel like every moment with Chuck The Freak is worthy of a highlight. So, it was a challenging task finding 5 of the most hilarious. However, it has been done. Blood, sweat, tears, and laughs went into the effort. Now, I think we have the ultimate list.
These videos are all vastly different. They cover different topics, but they all have one thing in common: they're hilarious. Better yet...they're hilarious because of Chuck The Freak. Of course, you can search through our YouTube page and find hilarious Peep Shows featuring great moments from Dave, funny Lisa moments, Andy, Jason, and Al. Actually, you might have missed it but we already covered the Best Of Andy Peep Show Videos. Definitely worth checking out sometime. Then, come back sometime to DaveAndChuckTheFreak.com where we will soon have Best Of Peep Show videos and lists available for every member of the show! Just give me a minute, I'm getting to it, I promise.
In the videos below, you'll see several different sides of Chuck The Freak. There's the sexual side, one about Chuck dying, some advice you could only get from Chuck The Freak, and one video where Chuck shares his dreams. Now, that's personal! However, there's no boundaries and nothing is off limit with Chuck The Freak. You know that!
Ready for the best of the best? Check out 5 hilarious Chuck The Freak moments below!
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a girl who was rescued from a pond by a heroic trooper. Dave thinks it's a story with a happy ending but the rest of the show doesn't think it was as uplifting as he made it out to be. Thanks to this video, we now know what it will sound like when Chuck dies. How does it sound? Well, pretty funny!
Dave & Chuck the Freak discuss special underwear for avoiding swamp crotch. Dave brings up an ad he saw for "stop-drip technology", and Chuck mentions a weird tip he learned online. In this Peep Show video, he shares his tips with you. What you do with the advise is totally up to you.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about some fans of Lady Gaga that are upset with her for being featured in a migraine advertisement. Then, Chuck says if he took a pill that was able to grow his dong and hair, he would be the face of it for free! Now, that's a product I could get behind! There are so many products that would be awesome to see Chuck endorse. The one true influencer.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about marijuana-infused aphrodisiacs emerging as a new love drug in New York and when Chuck the Freak uses the term 'sexually active' we learn that he no longer lives in 'Pound Town'. Things change as the years go by. At some point, Pound Town has to close down. When it happens? Nobody knows, but we're all going to get there eventually.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a video that was posted by Taryn Manning (an actress known for 'Orange is the New Black', '8 Mile, and 'Hustle & Flow') where she discusses performing orally on the backdoor of a married man and buying him a new boat. Naturally, this had to be discussed. The conversation led to some hilarious and iconic Chuck The Freak moments. Check out the video above! One of the best.
[newsletter-signup label="Sign me for Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter!" description="Join now to receive the Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter. You'll get access to recaps of the best stories of the week, the Peep Show of the week, as well as weekly 'Street Bits' episodes, an uncensored Dave & Chuck the Freak exclusive, available only to subscribers." color="#000000" checkbox_content="By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time." logo="https://daveandchuckthefreak.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/114/2022/10/logo.png" subscription_attributes="list_dave_chuck_daily_download" subscription_id="d9e7fee0-47e7-4227-aa4e-de1b352047d4" ]

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!