If you've seen Netflix's Fool Me Once, it's likely you'll have noticed Michelle Keegan's flawless skin. But while you may think she opts for expensive high-end creams to keep it looking flawless, one of her secrets is a budget £11 buy from Amazon.
The Embryolisse - Lait-Crème Concentré 30ml, which is currently £11.39 on Amazon, is a firm favourite among the likes of Michelle Keegan, Sydney Sweeney, Karlie Kloss and Lady Gaga, and we can definitely see why.
The 6-in-1 moisturiser has been hailed as a 'miracle cream', containing a blend of natural ingredients rich in fatty acids, plant extracts and vitamins to boost your skin's moisture and acting as a barrier from harsh conditions, as reported in The Mirror. Described as an 'exceptional' cream by fans, the 'luxuriously rich' moisturiser leaves skins look 'supple and dewy', as well as smoothing fine lines and wrinkles.
READ MORE: New Look's 'perfect for every figure' £22 jeans are 'made for' anybody prone to bloating after lunch
READ MORE: I'm a size 14 - I found a £24 dress 'perfect' for mid-size bodies that attracts 'many compliments' slashed from £75 in the Fat Face January sale
Having gone viral on TikTok - with 40 million hashtag views - the French concoction, which is priced at just over £12, is loved by celebrity make up artists and professionals across the world and has been praised massively for its versatility - primer, moisturiser, intensive masque, cleanser, after-shaving lotion, and make-up remover; it does it all.
One beauty buff who bought the product and raved about it explained: "The versatility of this product is another major plus. It can be used as a primer before makeup application, and I've found that it creates a smooth canvas for foundation, helping it to glide on flawlessly and stay put throughout the day.
Plus, it's a fantastic makeup remover, effortlessly dissolving even stubborn waterproof products without irritating my skin." Some skincare lovers have even gone as far as to say that it's better - and cheaper - than the likes of skincare frontrunners Clinique, Benefit and Clarins and works wonders for sensitive skin.
One shopper, who gave the item on Amazon a five star review said it was the 'best product I've ever bought" and added: "I have tried every primer from Clinique, Benefit and Clarins and this is better! And cheaper! I have very sensitive skin and have to be careful but I’ve used this as a primer and a moisturiser! It’s perfect. Skin is firmer, softer and glowing. It’s not greasy either. Will never go back now! Also I was in a rush, I dropped a little blob into my foundation and the finish was as if I’d properly prepped my skin! Good trick."
Another commented: "This stuff is absolutely amazing, it’s not only a fantastic primer, it’s a wonderful daily face moisturiser and also great for dealing with a sunburnt face, one product does it all and for a very reasonable price. Better than all the top name brands I’ve tried including Clarins, Elemis and Clinique."
Several big names in the beauty and cinematic world have also marvelled at the cream's results with the likes of Gwyneth Paltrow declaring it as a 'miracle moisturiser and Camille Razat saying: "My moisturiser from Embryolisse is great as a make-up base, because it helps the make-up penetrate the skin and really hydrate it.”
Michelle Keegan and Perrie Edwards' make up artist also revealed to The Mirror in 2022 that she never goes without Embryolisse's Lait-Creme Concentre Moisturiser and said: "Embryolisse has been such a staple in my kit since I first started Make-Up, it provides you with the most beautifully hydrated skin before applying any foundation, which is such a key part for the overall finish of a look."
She added: "I am never without Lait-Crème Concentrè at work. I use it on both TV and red-carpet appearances with clients such as Michelle Keegan, Perrie Edwards and Cath Tyldseley. I also love to use it on music videos with Nina Nesbitt as it’s perfect for all skin types and even those with sensitive skin like myself!"
Some dermatologists and customers, however, aren't quite as impressed by the French cream, stating it as an 'average' product', unable to understand the social media hype around it. One said: "Not sure what all the hype is about this cream, it’s not as good as I’d been led to believe, I have a combination skin and it unfortunately didn’t suit me at all."
Another added: "Was recommended by my sister, but this really doesn’t work for me. Skin does not stay hydrated, but dries quickly, leaving that tight unmoisturised feel. Obviously counteracting my bad review, my sister would say it was excellent. So should say I have dry, sensitive skin and have been struggling with finding a moisturiser that works."
If you are after some other celeb-approved moisturisers, Molly-Mae Hague swears by Tatcha's Dewy Skin Cream as well as the ELEMIS Superfood Glow Priming Moisturiser. Meanwhile, Hailey Bieber and Victoria Beckham opt for Weleda's Skin Food and Avène Cicalfate+ Restorative Protective Cream.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.