In a world post-“Diet Pepsi” and the “Von Dutch” remix feature, the world truly is Addison Rae’s oyster. As she sings in her latest single “Aquamarine,” she really is “transforming and realigning” from TikTok-famous influencer to popstar — and this new release is making a splash. 
“Aquamarine” embodies the campy, sensual and esoteric through classic pop characteristics: an upbeat tempo, danceable beat and relatively straightforward lyrics. It’s an easy yet bewitching listen. From the production to the siren-esque vocals, “Aquamarine” is undoubtedly Rae’s best song to date. 
What makes this song so particularly interesting and addictive, however, is the music video production and the team behind it. Chock-full of the glittering, glamorous, double-smoked cigarettes and now viral TikTok choreography, it is a magical look into the world of Rae. Sure, the lyrics aren’t riveting, but alongside the music video’s visuals, the haunting vocals and techno-esque production make up for them tenfold. It’s simple, clean, good old-fashioned pop music that operates without taking itself too seriously. I think it’s the kind of song that people want, but didn’t know they needed.
In the last decade, we watched music fade from the overproduced and auto-tuned to the indie and acoustic. Rae is marking a campy pop revival, one launched by Charli XCX and prolonged by the likes of Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter. What Rae is doing differently, though, is truly emulating and embracing the forefathers of pop: Madonna, Lady Gaga and Britney Spears. It really is no surprise that Rae pays homage to the pop stars of the past, because if you look closely, her whole career is staked on reference. From her song “Diet Pepsi,” playing on Spear’s affiliation with Pepsi, to covering an unreleased Gaga song on her EP AR, Rae’s music and career is a meticulously calculated blast from the past when pop made no apologies for its creative artifice.
And Rae does exactly that. “Aquamarine” embraces the quirky and unique, like the pop many of us grew up with. This is best characterized in the lyrics, “The world is my oyster/ And I’m the only girl” and “I’m dancing in my own reflection/ I’m the ray of light.” The lyrics are self-important and unserious, playing into the whole “mermaid-core” aesthetic as inspired by its titular reference, 2006’s “Aquamarine.”
“Aquamarine” isn’t just a good pop song, it’s indicative of a genre shift, not only for Rae’s career from internet fame to popstar, but of a greater shift in pop. Although shrouded in and embracing a kind of lighthearted sensuality, “Aquamarine” harbors a real theme of metamorphosis as she sings “I’m transforming and realigning” and “I’m not hiding anymore/ I won’t hide/ I’m free.” This, and I think Rae is one of the only influencers that has done so seamlessly. From Hype House to Billboard’s Hot 100, Rae is transforming into a pop star before our eyes and taking the genre with her. 
“Aquamarine” is a good song and with the music video, it’s a great one. It is somehow easy and deep, playful and weird and incredibly addicting. And whether you like it or not, I have a feeling that neither it nor Addison Rae will be off your FYP for the foreseeable future.
We're an independent student-run newspaper, and need your support to maintain our coverage.
Join our weekly newsletter!
CHECK OUT OUR MOST RECENT PRINT EDITION
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: