By 

	Jodi Guglielmi


	Taylor Swift lent her voice to a new promo video released on Saturday, celebrating a handful of Team U.S.A.’s brightest athletes who have all medaled at the Paris 2024 Olympics. Backed by her 1989 single “Style,” Swift salutes gymnast Simone Biles, swimmer Katie Ledecky, and sprinter Sha’Carri Richardson. 

	“Never be afraid to show them who you are,” the singer says in the video as footage of Biles, Ledecky, and Richardson competing in Paris plays. “Especially when the whole world is watching. Because there’s no one way to be the best. No one way to inspire everyone else who will someday follow. You do what you love. You love what you do. You believe in your style, whatever it is.”
“Never be afraid to show them who you are…especially when the whole world is watching.” -@Taylor Swift  Katie. Sha’Carri. Simone. They’ll never go out of style. Primetime in Paris: Tonight at 8/7c on NBC and Peacock. #ParisOlympics

	Swift concludes, “Katie, Sha’Carri, and Simone. Three American stars, three different visions of greatness, tonight in Paris.”

	










	The promo comes just one day after Biles reclaimed the all-around Gymnastics title with an electrifying floor routine set to Swift’s hit song “Ready for It?”.

	The video also makes Swift the latest musician to participate in supporting the Paris Olympics. Both Lady Gaga and Celine Dion performed at the opening ceremony earlier this month, while Beyoncé introduced competitors representing Team U.S.A. in a promo video of her own. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	“Let’s talk about power, because really, that’s what this story is about. Physical power. It’s beauty, it’s wonder, the way it never stops amazing you,” Beyoncé said in the video. “Then there’s spiritual power, the kind that really matters. The power you can’t see, only sense. The power you need in those moments when life goes a little sideways on you.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.