Katy Perry attends the 35th Annual Colleagues Spring Luncheon & Oscar de la Renta Fashion Show at Beverly Wilshire, A Four Seasons Hotel on April 25, 2024 in Beverly Hills, California. (Photo by Monica Schipper/Getty Images)
Katy Perry announced this week that her sixth studio album is coming soon. According to Variety, Perry has already hosted listening sessions for KP6. Though the release date for the album and its name is still undisclosed, the singer-songwriter revealed the title of her next single: "Woman's World."
(Photo by Monica Schipper/Getty Images)
The pop star plans to drop “Woman’s World” on July 11th at 7 p.m. ET, with the official video to premiere the following day. She also revealed the single's cover art, wearing a see-through white bikini and futuristic, metallic armor-like pants. 
However, after the pop star previewed the new song on social media, fans were not impressed. The 39-year-old posted a video from the set of what looks like to be for the single's accompanying music video. With the wind blowing her long, black hair and lip-syncing to "Woman's World," Perry points at her temple with the accompanying lyrics, "Sexy, confident. So intelligent."
As Perry pans the phone camera across her body to a low angle showing off her underboob cleavage, she then makes a muscle with her left arm and kisses it. Fans were blown away by her undeniable beauty and proclaimed things like "MOTHER" in the comments section.
Over on X (formerly Twitter), the former American Idol judge was bashed for the cover art and the snippet. One user, whose commentary went viral, wrote: "obsessed with this new trend of failing pop stars (and their management teams) trying to serve manufactured c--- in an attempt to appeal to lowest common denominator gay guys." Added another, "Sophie, ARCA, and Charli influence can not be overstated enough when it comes to this new era of pop music."
Meanwhile, another person said in another viral post of the teaser, "I was rooting for Katy but these lyrics are so dated it’s giving 2016 Hillary Clinton presidential campaign material [sobbing emoji] it’s over." Commented one person, "It’s a Ava max reject too :( " Added another, "she is a way better songwriter than this. i don’t understand what is going on with her :( "
Commenting on the single artwork, one person said: "Bushwick Basic is beginning to infect all corners of society… we are about to see Rue21 models in bayonetta glasses and faux leather moto jackets… pestilential." Stated another: "Last two albums flopped, no hits since bon appetit and swish swish, harleys in hawaii streams aren’t paying the bills anymore, landlord knocking on the door, she has ONE chance…"
Additionally, since the new single is produced by Dr. Luke, more fans are pointing out Kesha's latest X post to be shade towards Katy. One fan said, "You have to be one of the biggest losers in pop music to go back to the abuser of someone you called your 'friend.'" Added another: "Don’t be shy, who wrote and produced it?" A third criticized: "first of all these likes are bought , second of all … womans world … produced by no other than dr Luke… the same man who abused Kesha.. but woman’s world right."
After years and millions of dollars, the high-tech entertainment venue that is the Las Vegas Sphere has become "a world-first immersive destination." The venue first opened in Las Vegas in September 2023, snagging U2 with an ongoing concert residency starting on September 29 and running through March 2. The band's longtime collaborator and technical director Stefaan “Smasher” Desmedt and technology partner Weka worked together to make the band’s stunning visual imagery in 4K video.
The Sphere’s LED screen inside the theater is 160,000 square feet, boasting 16,000 pixels by 16,000 pixels — the highest resolution in the world. Also featuring 1,600 speaker panels using spatial audio through the screen without any visible speakers in the auditorium, the venue makes those in attendance fully immersed in sound and visuals. The arena can hold up to 18,600 guests in the auditorium. It is no wonder why the company wants to expand, as it is clearly leading the entertainment industry in the right direction.

A post shared by

Besides U2, rumors of Beyoncé planning a Las Vegas residency at the Sphere swirled after her Super Bowl country album announcement in which she sat atop the glowing globe. Partnering with Verizon in the $50 million advertisement, the "Texas Hold 'Em" singer tries to break the internet over and over again. Taking on different personas and skills, she opens a lemonade stand, drops a "saxy" album, becomes a Twitch gamer by the handle @IamSlayoncé, a Beyonc-AI double, Bar-Bey, running for "BOTUS," on top of the Sphere atop a silver horse, and the first woman to launch the first rocket to the first performance in space. The commercial concluded by cryptically teasing the release of "new music," Beyoncé's country album, Act II, on March 29th.
According to the Sphere's website, the immersive venue will host a wide variety of events, including concerts and residencies from the world’s biggest artists, as well as films. Take a look below at five amazing pop artists who would have amazing performances at the Sphere:
BERLIN, GERMANY - JUNE 28: P!NK performs on stage during the P!NK Summer Carnival 2023 Tour at Olympiastadion on June 28, 2023 in Berlin, Germany. (Photo by Andreas Rentz/Getty Images)
TORONTO, ONTARIO - SEPTEMBER 09: (NO COVERS) Taylor Swift attends 'In Conversation With... Taylor Swift' during the 2022 Toronto International Film Festival at TIFF Bell Lightbox on September 09, 2022 in Toronto, Ontario. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
LONDON, ENGLAND - DECEMBER 05:  Singer Lady Gaga attends The Fashion Awards 2016 on December 5, 2016 in London, United Kingdom.  (Photo by Stuart C. Wilson/Getty Images)
MIAMI, FLORIDA - FEBRUARY 09: Dua Lipa performs onstage during The Future Nostalgia Tour at FTX Arena on February 09, 2022 in Miami, Florida. (Photo by Jason Koerner/Getty Images for Permanent Press Media)
WINDSOR, ENGLAND - MAY 07: Katy Perry performs on stage during the Coronation Concert on May 07, 2023 in Windsor, England. The Windsor Castle Concert is part of the celebrations of the Coronation of Charles III and his wife, Camilla, as King and Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the other Commonwealth realms that took place at Westminster Abbey yesterday. Performers include Take That, Lionel Richie, Katy Perry, Paloma Faith, Olly Murs, Andrea Bocelli and Sir Bryn Terfel, Alexis Ffrench, Lang Lang &amp; Nicole Scherzinger, Bette Midler, Tiwa Savage, Steve Winwood, Pete Tong and The Coronation Choir. (Photo by Chris Jackson/Getty Images)
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!