Man Learns Wife Is 25-Years-Older Than Him The Day Before The Wedding (Photo by Tomohiro Ohsumi/Getty Images)
Imagine learning that your soon-to-be spouse is actually 25-years-older than you the day before the wedding. That actually happened to this guy!
Even if you respectfully never asked your partner's age, there should be ways to tell their age without directly asking. Maybe it's the shows and movies they enjoy. You might be able to tell by their family's age or even some things in their appearance could give you hints. It appears this guy was blissfully ignorant until the day before the wedding.
It seems unbelievable but it actually happened! While you might think a lot of problems could come out of learning that your partner is that much older than you, he doesn't seem to mind! The pair went through with the wedding and remain happily married!
According to South China Morning Post (SCMP), the Japanese man, named Yoshitaka, remained blissfully unaware of the large gap in their age for the first 7 years of their relationship. However, he finally learned her true age the day before the wedding. Thankfully, he didn't learn by catching her slipping or anything like that. She actually told him about it herself. Naturally, he was a bit surprised at first, but he didn't go running for the hills. According to SCMP, Yoshitaka told her, "I don't mind your real age at all, it doesn't matter. What matters is why you didn't tell me earlier so you wouldn't have to worry for so long." What an understanding guy! Some people would not have appreciated being lied to and would have left the relationship, even if it was the day before the wedding.
Despite their similar interests when they met, Aki was nervous to tell Yoshitaka her real age in fear of losing him. At the time, she claimed to be 44-years-old leading him to think it was only a 15-year age gap when it was actually 25, per SCMP. While she was nervous to bring it up directly, it sounds like she tried several ways to accidentally let him know or gave him the chance to discover it by himself. According to SCMP, she would leave her passport and insurance card on the table out in the open hoping he would notice but he never did. Insert joke about stereotypical men.
Today, the pair remain as strong as ever and haven't let their age gap come between them. In pictures, they appear genuinely happy together and seem to be living their best life. Like they say, age ain't nothing but a number.
Oh, Chuck The Freak. Where would we be without you? The funny man often makes the Peep Show what it is. I can't imagine the show without his wit, comedy, and good looks.
To celebrate Chuck The Freak, we've found 5 of our favorite hilarious Chuck moments from The Peep Show. Check them out below!
Obviously, choosing 5 favorite Chuck moments was no easy feat. Seriously, I feel like every moment with Chuck The Freak is worthy of a highlight. So, it was a challenging task finding 5 of the most hilarious. However, it has been done. Blood, sweat, tears, and laughs went into the effort. Now, I think we have the ultimate list.
These videos are all vastly different. They cover different topics, but they all have one thing in common: they're hilarious. Better yet...they're hilarious because of Chuck The Freak. Of course, you can search through our YouTube page and find hilarious Peep Shows featuring great moments from Dave, funny Lisa moments, Andy, Jason, and Al. Actually, you might have missed it but we already covered the Best Of Andy Peep Show Videos. Definitely worth checking out sometime. Then, come back sometime to DaveAndChuckTheFreak.com where we will soon have Best Of Peep Show videos and lists available for every member of the show! Just give me a minute, I'm getting to it, I promise.
In the videos below, you'll see several different sides of Chuck The Freak. There's the sexual side, one about Chuck dying, some advice you could only get from Chuck The Freak, and one video where Chuck shares his dreams. Now, that's personal! However, there's no boundaries and nothing is off limit with Chuck The Freak. You know that!
Ready for the best of the best? Check out 5 hilarious Chuck The Freak moments below!
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a girl who was rescued from a pond by a heroic trooper. Dave thinks it's a story with a happy ending but the rest of the show doesn't think it was as uplifting as he made it out to be. Thanks to this video, we now know what it will sound like when Chuck dies. How does it sound? Well, pretty funny!
Dave & Chuck the Freak discuss special underwear for avoiding swamp crotch. Dave brings up an ad he saw for "stop-drip technology", and Chuck mentions a weird tip he learned online. In this Peep Show video, he shares his tips with you. What you do with the advise is totally up to you.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about some fans of Lady Gaga that are upset with her for being featured in a migraine advertisement. Then, Chuck says if he took a pill that was able to grow his dong and hair, he would be the face of it for free! Now, that's a product I could get behind! There are so many products that would be awesome to see Chuck endorse. The one true influencer.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about marijuana-infused aphrodisiacs emerging as a new love drug in New York and when Chuck the Freak uses the term 'sexually active' we learn that he no longer lives in 'Pound Town'. Things change as the years go by. At some point, Pound Town has to close down. When it happens? Nobody knows, but we're all going to get there eventually.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a video that was posted by Taryn Manning (an actress known for 'Orange is the New Black', '8 Mile, and 'Hustle & Flow') where she discusses performing orally on the backdoor of a married man and buying him a new boat. Naturally, this had to be discussed. The conversation led to some hilarious and iconic Chuck The Freak moments. Check out the video above! One of the best.
[newsletter-signup label="Sign me for Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter!" description="Join now to receive the Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter. You'll get access to recaps of the best stories of the week, the Peep Show of the week, as well as weekly 'Street Bits' episodes, an uncensored Dave & Chuck the Freak exclusive, available only to subscribers." color="#000000" checkbox_content="By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time." logo="https://daveandchuckthefreak.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/114/2022/10/logo.png" subscription_attributes="list_dave_chuck_daily_download" subscription_id="d9e7fee0-47e7-4227-aa4e-de1b352047d4" ]

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!