Taylor Swift, Sir Paul McCartney, Jay-Z and Justin Bieber were among the A-list stars watching the 2024 Super Bowl in Las Vegas.
Swift travelled from Japan to watch her boyfriend Travis Kelce play for the Kansas City Chiefs against the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday. Taking a break from her Eras tour, the singer arrived at the Allegiant Stadium wearing an all-black outfit with a red jacket draped over her shoulder, alongside actress Blake Lively, rapper Ice Spice and her mother Andrea Swift.
She was seen talking to NFL commissioner Roger Goodell, while Kelce's mother Donna was also sitting in the box and his brother Jason opted for Chiefs-themed overalls. After the Chiefs' victory, Swift was filmed hugging and kissing Kelce on the pitch.
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and Breaking News group by clicking this link.
She was photographed alongside Beatle Sir Paul during the second half of the game, introducing him to Kelce's father Ed. The meeting between Swift and Sir Paul marked a reunion for the pair after they teamed up for a wide-ranging conversation for Rolling Stone's Musicians on Musicians series in 2020 and he credited her as the inspiration for one of his songs, Who Cares, on album Egypt Station.
US rapper Jay-Z took pictures of his daughters Blue Ivy and Rumi on the pitch before the game kicked off and he took his seat beside wife Beyoncé. US actor and long-time Kansas City Chiefs fan Paul Rudd appeared on the field sporting a moustache, alongside his teenage son Jack, while singer Luke Combs, actor Mark Wahlberg and basketball players LeBron James and Shaquille O'Neal also appeared.
Hollywood star Leonardo DiCaprio was also in attendance at the game, dressed in a black baseball cap, but dipped his face out of view when he was shown on the big screen. In contrast, Jurassic Park star Jeff Goldblum mugged for the camera, stood up and made a heart shape with his hands when he was shown.
US singers Gwen Stefani, Lady Gaga and Lana Del Rey also made an appearance. Pop star Bieber, who had been rumoured to appear as a guest singer during the half-time show, and his model wife Hailey were filmed dancing during Usher's half-time performance.
Before the game kicked off, the camera panned to Swift and Lively who were hugging and swaying along as US rapper and singer Post Malone performed America The Beautiful. Country singer Reba McEntire also performed the US national anthem, while Andra Day delivered an emotional rendition of Lift Every Voice And Sing.
Swift's romance with Kelce has been credited with generating greater global interest in the game, particularly among women. Last month, photographs of the couple kissing went viral as Swift celebrated on the field after the Chiefs triumphed over the Baltimore Ravens 17-10 at the MT Bank Stadium in Baltimore to reach the Super Bowl.
The Chiefs won their third Super Bowl in five years, following their 2023 victory. They became the first back-to-back Super Bowl winners for 19 years with a 25-22 victory in overtime.
Try MEN Premium for FREE by clicking here for no ads, fun puzzles and brilliant new features.
Read more of today's top stories here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.