By DAVID AVERRE and JOANNA CRAWLEY 
 Published:  11:09, 1 February 2024   |  Updated:  11:57, 1 February 2024   
 45
View  comments
Germany are so desperate to get Adele back to performing on the continent that they are willing to construct a brand new stadium just for her.
The global superstar, who is currently performing weekly in a Las Vegas residency, has not taken to the stage in mainland Europe since 2016.
But now it has been revealed that event organisers in Munich are prepared to build a huge 'pop-up' stadium to host the 16-time Grammy award winner for a run of four shows on August 2, 3, 9 and 10.
Computer renders of the proposed design by Munich Messe, a world-renowned exhibition and event space in the Bavarian capital, show a gigantic clamshell-shaped open-air amphitheatre with capacity to host a whopping 80,000-strong crowd. 
Adele took to social media yesterday to announce the news to legions of adoring fans, a day after she sent her followers into raptures with a cryptic post teasing big news.
It has been revealed that event organisers in Munich are prepared to build a huge 'pop-up' stadium to host the 16-time Grammy award winner for a run of four shows on August 2, 3, 9 and 10
Computer renders of the proposed design show a gigantic clamshell-shaped open air amphitheatre with capacity to host a whopping 80,000-strong crowd
Adele took to social media yesterday to announce the news to legions of adoring fans
The singer's 'Weekends With Adele' residency at The Colosseum at the renowned Caesars Palace casino and event space is set to come to an end in June 2024
'So a few months ago I got a call about a summer run of shows. I've been content as anything with my shows in London's Hyde Park and my residency in Vegas, so I hadn't had any other plans,' the superstar wrote.
'However, I was too curious to not follow up and indulge in this idea - a one-off, bespoke pop-up stadium designed around whatever show I want to put on? Ohh!? Pretty much slap bang in the middle of Europe? In Munich?'
'That's a bit random, but still fabulous! Right after the Euros? Come on England! With the Olympics next door? Go on Simone! And some of my favourite artists playing shows too? Why…YES!!'
'I haven't played in Europe since 2016! I couldn't think of a more wonderful way to spend my summer and end this beautiful phase of my life and career with shows closer to home during such an exciting summer. Guten Tag babes x.'
The announcement meets fans' expectations the MBE recipient would return to the stage this side of the pond following her extended run of shows in Las Vegas.
Her 'Weekends With Adele' residency at The Colosseum at the renowned Caesars Palace casino and event space is set to come to an end in June 2024, freeing up her schedule for the summer stay in Germany. 
Last week, the singer confirmed she plans to embark on another world tour upon the release of her next album, though admitted that it wouldn't be anytime soon.
During her show on Saturday, Adele confessed she didn't think she would be writing the new record for a while after her last album, 30, was released in 2021 to huge commercial and critical success.
That offering scooped the 35-year-old star British Album of the Year at the 2022 Brit Awards and went on to become the best-selling album of the year.
Speaking about her next big release, Adele admitted: 'I just don't think I'm going to write an album for quite some time.
'But next time I do, I'll come to wherever it is you live.'
It comes after fans got their hopes up that Adele would go back on tour, after she shared an emotional post on Instagram about her final shows in Vegas.
Her 'Weekends With Adele' residency at The Colosseum at the renowned Caesars Palace casino and event space is set to come to an end in June 2024, freeing up her schedule for the summer stay in Germany
She confirmed the news yesterday, one day after she sent her followers into raptures with a cryptic post teasing big news
Adele performs onstage during 'Weekends with Adele' at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace on January 26, 2024 in Las Vegas, Nevada
Adele performs onstage during 'Weekends with Adele' at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace on January 26, 2024
Adele reflected on how she previously 'fell out of love' with performing and how the gigs have since 'changed [her] life'.
'It's just made me realise how much I really enjoy being on stage, that I'm bloody good at it and that it is 100% where I belong!' Adele wrote.
She signed off her post with the words: 'So let's go one last time before I turn into a showgirl forever! Love you and I'll see you on the other side soon x'.
Ticket registration for Adele's Munich gigs is open now at Adele.com and closes on Monday, February 5 at 6pm CET.
The announcement of Adele's jaunt to Germany comes as her music was pulled from social media platform TikTok. 
The Tottenham-born singer is one of dozens of high-profile artists signed to record label Universal Music, which today removes all its content from TikTok after a breakdown in talks over the social media site's licensing agreement.
In an open letter, the group accused TikTok of 'bullying', adding that they only wanted to pay a 'fraction' of the rate offered by other platforms for the catalogue of millions of songs.
The move will result in many of TikTok users' favourite artists and sounds being removed from the app.
Besides Adele, artists signed to the world's biggest label include Taylor Swift, Beyonce, Drake, Elton John, Rihanna, U2, Nicki Minaj, Jay-Z and The Beatles.
Universal Music Group announced they were not renewing their licence agreement with the social media platform, after a breakdown in talks over payment
Brits Adele and Elton John are just two of the world renowned artists whose music will be pulled from TikTok
Taylor Swift, Spotify's most-streamed artist of 2023, is no longer going to be available to sample on TikTok
Beyonce and Drake are also going to have their songs pulled from the social media platform as they are signed to UMG labels
Other popular artists whose back-catalogues are only part-owned by Universal Music Group include Michael Jackson (1964-1974), Queen (2011-), Madonna (2010-) and Red Hot Chili Peppers (1983-1990).
The best-selling artist of all time, The Beatles, will also be leaving TikTok

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group