Each June, members of the community celebrate the early pioneers of the modern-day LGBTQ+ rights movement with parades, festivals and an array of different events across the country.
Different from LGBTQ+ History Month, which has been recognized in October since 1994 when a coalition of education-based organizations in the United States designated it so and the General Assembly of the National Education Association included it within a list of commemorative months the following year, LGBTQ+ Pride Month celebrates the 1969 Stonewall Uprising.
The Stonewall Uprising started on June 28, 1969, when at approximately 1:15 a.m. undercover officers with the NYPD raided The Stonewall Inn, a gay bar in New York’s Greenwich Village.
When the police raided Stonewall, they began arresting employees and patrons as a crowd gathered outside of the bar. The crowd chanted “Gay Power!” and “We Want Freedom!” The chants eventually turned to resistance and, led by transgender activist Marsha P. Johnson, the crowd began throwing objects at the cops forcing them to barricade themselves in Stonewall.
The rebellion lasted for several days and expanded into nearby Christopher Park and neighboring streets. By the final day, thousands of people had taken to the streets to protest.
The first Pride March happened one year later, honoring those who stood up against oppression and celebrating the start of the modern-day LGBTQ+ rights movement.
Central Florida and Tampa Bay are in no short supply of Pride celebrations during the month of June. From the major cities in our areas to our smaller towns, more and more local communities celebrate with festivals, parades, marches and more.
With so much happening during June, we wanted to help get you started with ways to celebrate your Pride for each day of the month. This is in no way a complete list of events happening in Central Florida and Tampa Bay during LGBTQ+ Pride Month, but it is a jumping off point to give you some ideas of what you have available to you.
Be sure to check our upcoming Event Planners in Watermark as well as our various guides including the Central Florida Living With Pride guide, the Tampa Bay Living With Pride guide and the Sarasota Living With Pride guide for more events and information on Pride in your area.
June 1
Gay Day at the Magic Kingdom9 a.m.-11 p.m.Magic Kingdom, Walt Disney World
In June 1991, a group of LGBTQ+ Central Floridians decided to meet at Walt Disney World’s Magic Kingdom to show “The Most Magical Place on Earth” that “We’re here, we’re queer and we’d like to see Cinderella’s Castle!” That first year, 1,500 people, all wearing red shirts, gathered in front of the castle just before the 3 p.m. parade, and 33 years later, the tradition continues. What began as one day at the park over the years ballooned into multiple days of events but if you haven’t experienced the event that started it all, then what are you waiting for? Get yourself a red shirt, a pair of Mickey ears and a group of friends and kick the month off with a day at the Magic Kingdom. While not an official Disney World event (yet), you will find plenty of Disney Pride merch to peruse through and lots of “family” to enjoy the park with.
A one-day Florida resident ticket will cost you $109 and is available to purchase at DisneyWorld.Disney.go.com.
June 2
Orlando Sings’ “Considering Matthew Shepard”2 p.m.Dr. Phillips Center, Orlando
Composed by Craig Hella Johnson, “Considering Matthew Shepard” is a Grammy-nominated three-part oratorio which is an evocative and compassionate musical response to the murder of Matthew Shepard. Orlando Sings’ professional ensemble, Solaria, will present this work, fully staged, in the Dr. Phillips Center’s Alexis & Jim Pugh Theater with chamber orchestra, soloists and projections. There is also a performance on Saturday, June 1, starting at 8 p.m.
Tickets start at $39.50 and are available at DrPhillipsCenter.org.
June 3
Movies & Martinis at The Wet Spot8 p.m.The Wet Spot, St. Petersburg
Head to The Wet Spot in St. Petersburg for a swim and a movie. Your feature presentation at this poolside cinema is the 2022 film “Bros,” starring Billy Eichner and Luke Macfarlane. SKYY martinis and cocktails are $3 all day long.
This event is free to attend.
June 4
Twisted Bingo at Hamburger Mary’s Orlando7 p.m.Hamburger Mary’s, Orlando
What’s better than hanging out with drag queens and winning fun prizes? Join a pair of drag hosts for Twisted Bingo at Hamburger Mary’s in Orlando. Seating begins at 6:30 p.m. and Bingo starts at 7 p.m. You will want to call ahead at 321-319-0600 to make a reservation to be sure you get a table. Twisted Bingo is held every Tuesday at Hamburger Mary’s.
This event has been canceled due to the venue’s relocation. Read more here.
June 5
The Pride Chamber’s June Business Connect6-8 p.m.The Pride Chamber, Orlando
Mix, mingle and network with other LGBTQ+ professionals at The Pride Chamber’s June Business Connect social. Hosted by United Community, this month’s Business Connect will also be a “Community Baby Shower,” as they collect items such as baby wipes, diapers, formula and more. Space is limited so register at ThePrideChamber.org.
The event is free for members and $20 for non-members.
June 6
St Pete Pride’s Stonewall Reception6-9 p.m.The James Museum of Western & Wildlife Art
The annual Stonewall Reception, presented by Arner Luxury Group and U.S. Bank Private Wealth Management, is your opportunity to show your support for St Pete Pride and the LGBTQ+ community in and around St. Petersburg. Proceeds from this event help keep St Pete Pride events accessible for the public. Join in celebrating the history of the Pride movement while supporting St Pete Pride’s mission during this impactful event. With guest speakers, open bar and some other special treats, this is an evening you won’t want to miss.
Tickets are $75.
June 7
BLISS! MIZE Gallery at The Factory St. Pete6-10 p.m.The Factory, St. Petersburg
Chad Mize celebrates Pride at The Factory in St. Petersburg with the exhibit “BLISS.” It will feature inspired works by Andrea Pawlisz, Amy Ilic-Volpe, Angela Warren, Artist Jones, Bask, Caelan Jeffery, Cake Marques, Calan Ree, Chad Jacobs, Chad Mize, Charley Soderbergh, Cristi Lopez, David Kafer, Emmett Freeman, Eric Doctors, Ethan Early, Ezra Sembler, Fax 727-289-3069, James E. Hartzell, Jay Hoff, Joey Vitale, John Gascot, Katie Niewodowski, Keifer Calkins, Lucky Leroy, Macy Eats Paint, Mark Williams, Mikeybear McGrath, Nelson Perez Jr., Nova Fro, Perry Devick, Rhys Meatyard, Saumitra Chandratrya, Spencer Meyers, Summer Elaine Hue, Tate Leigh, Tommy Bayot, Tyler Gillespie and Wasil.
This event is free to attend.
June 8
Proud in the Cloud12-6 p.m.Lakefront Park, St. Cloud
Brought to you by the St. Cloud Pride Alliance, Proud in the Cloud is a Pride event celebrating the love and diversity of St. Cloud. Featuring food trucks, music, a kids’ zone and a vendor fair at Lakefront Park, Pride in the Cloud will also feature live entertainment with performances including Twila Holiday, Mya Buena Matthews, Cherilyn Matthews, TikTak Holiday and Mocha Sky. You can find more information at ProudInTheCloud.com.
This event is free to attend.
June 9
Grand Opening of the Rose Dynasty Center, Lakeland’s LGBTQ+ Center2-5 p.m.Rose Dynasty Center, Lakeland
The Rose Dynasty Foundation, powered by Pineapple Healthcare, will hold the grand opening of Polk County’s first ever LGBTQ+ Center, the Rose Dynasty Center, on June 9. Come celebrate at the center’s open house where they will host various organizations that support the community. The event will feature drinks, light finger foods, community and mental health resources, local performers, raffles, giveaways and more.
This event is free to attend.
June 10
Full Moon Mondays8 p.m.-2 a.m.Savoy, Orlando
Dust off your cowboy boots and hat for a rootin’ tootin’ good time at Savoy’s Full Moon Mondays. This country music night features line dancing, drink specials and music provided by WAVE Award winner, DJ Joanie. Full Moon Mondays are 21 and up and happen every Monday at Savoy.
No cover required.
June 11
LGBTQ+ Group Dance Class7-8 p.m.Ballroom City, Sarasota
You can show your Pride with your dance moves by taking an LGBTQ+ group dance class at Ballroom City in Sarasota. The class is from 7-8 p.m. If you can’t make it this Tuesday, LGBTQ+ group dance classes are held every Tuesday, starting at 7 p.m.
$20 per person.
June 12
Pulse Memorial Service7 p.m.Steinmetz Hall, Orlando
LGBTQ+ Pride Month isn’t just a time to celebrate the community but also to honor and remember those we have lost. June 12, 2024 will be the eight-year mark of the Pulse tragedy, and the City of Orlando will remember the 49 lives lost with a Remembrance Ceremony at the Dr. Phillips Center’s Steinmetz Hall. Doors open at 6 p.m. with the ceremony starting at 7 p.m. The ceremony is free to attend; however, you will need a ticket to enter. If you are unable to attend in person, the ceremony will be streamed live at PulseOrlando.org.
This event is free to attend.
June 13
PRIDE: Emerald Rabbit Cabaret7-10 p.m.Floridian Social, St. Petersburg
Get ready for a vibrant celebration featuring blushing performances, breathtaking acrobatics, drag shows and the thrilling world of the circus. Doors open at 6 p.m., the music opener kicks off at 7 p.m. and the show starts at 8 p.m. This is a 21 and up event.
Tickets are $20 in advance and $35 at the door.
June 14
Shades of Pride Juneteenth5 p.m.-3 a.m.The Factory St. Pete, St. Petersburg
Presented by Metro Inclusive Health in partnership with St Pete Pride, the Shades of Pride Juneteenth Celebration is an art and music festival showcasing the Black and Brown experience of the LGBTQ+ community in Tampa Bay through art, culture, music and panel discussions. This is a two-day event, starting on June 14 and concluding on June 15. For more information and to get tickets, go to StPetePride.org.
This is a free event with VIP ticket option available. VIP is $50 each day or $75 for both.
June 15
Polk Pride10 a.m.-3 p.m.Munn Park Historic District, Lakeland
Enjoy a day filled with love, acceptance and celebration with dozens of vendors, delicious food and a wide range of LGBTQ+ entertainment. Polk Pride’s Pride in the Park, presented by Pineapple Healthcare, is a free family friendly event for all ages and is sure to be a day to remember. Polk Pride has a full week of events leading up to Pride in the Park that you can check out at PolkPrideFL.org.
This event is free to attend.
June 16
“Hedwig and the Angry Inch”7 p.m.Jannus Live, St. Petersburg
“Hedwig and the Angry Inch” is a euphoric night on a rock ‘n’ roll rollercoaster with LGBTQ+ icon and protagonist Hedwig — a hedonistic genderqueer anti-heroine seemingly hellbent on destruction. This darkly humorous self-love story, powered by a live band, explores gender identity, acceptance and the freedom to be whoever you want to be. “Hedwig and the Angry Inch” runs June 13-16 at Jannus Live after playing through June 9 at American Stage.
Tickets are $30 in advance and $35 at the door.
June 17
OUT Sports’ Dodgeball spring season finale6:30-9 p.m.Englewood Sports Center, Orlando
OUT Sports, an LGBTQ+ recreational sports league that serves Central Florida, offers a collection of sports to play for the LGBTQ+ community. From kickball and volleyball to cornhole, soccer and dodgeball. Come out on June 17 for OUT Sports spring season finale of dodgeball at the Englewood Sports Center in Orlando. Join the players afterwards for a drink at District Dive.
This game is free to attend and watch.
June 18
2024 Business of Pride5:30-8:30 p.m.Centro Asturinao de Tampa, Tampa
The Tampa Bay Business Journal, in partnership with the Tampa Bay LGBT Chamber, will convene this year’s OUTstanding Voice, Individual Ally and Company honorees to recognize and celebrate their advocacy and triumphs. Stick around for the post awards reception to meet and mingle with the honorees, event attendees, TBBJ staff, event partners and sponsors.
Tickets start at $99.
June 19
Bingo Untucked at Savoy6:15 p.m.Savoy, Orlando
Don’t miss Bingo Untucked at Savoy, hosted by Chantel Reshae. The local drag icon hosts Bingo every Wednesday, followed by some of the best drag performances you’ll see anywhere. Wednesday at Savoy are also Happy Hour all night, and with no cover and hot gogo boys, you won’t regret spending your hump day here.
No cover for the night.
June 20
The Born This Way Ball starring Mr Ms Adrien7 p.m.Cocktails & Screams, Orlando
Paws up, Little Monsters! Orlando’s No. 1 Lady Gaga impersonator, Mr Ms Adrien, is back with a brand-new Gaga Ball Experience, celebrating Pride Month with “The Born This Way Ball,” a drag concert tribute to the iconic album. Doors open at 7 p.m. and show starts at 8:30 p.m.
TBD
June 21
Orlando VA Pride11 a.m.-2 p.m.Orlando VA Medical Center, Orlando
Calling all LGBTQ+ veterans in Central Florida! The Orlando VA Medical Center in Lake Nona will host its 14th annual Pride Month Celebration on June 21. Come out and meet representatives from various LGBTQ+ organizations and VA services. The event will feature refreshments and a performance by the Orlando Gay Chorus.
This event is free to attend.
June 22
St Pete Pride2-10 p.m.North and South Straub Parks, St. Petersburg
Get ready to celebrate with the largest Pride in Florida. St Pete Pride kicks off its 22nd year with its annual festival featuring vendor booths, food trucks, a beverage garden, a family area and multiple stages showcasing some of Tampa Bay’s best entertainers. The day will also feature the sixth annual Trans March and the nighttime Pride parade which will light up Bayshore Dr. in downtown St. Petersburg in rainbow colors. The Trans March will start at 5:30 p.m. with the parade kicking off at 6 p.m. The parade, march and festival are just part of the monthlong festivities from St Pete Pride that start with a kick-off block party on June 1 in the Grand Central area. You can find more information on all of St Pete Pride’s events at StPetePride.org. You can also pick up the official St Pete Pride guide, created by Watermark, for more information on St Pete Pride’s events.
The parade and festival are free to attend. Please check each St Pete Pride event throughout the month for individual ticket prices.
June 23
Right the Wrong Pride Event10 a.m.VFW Post 39, St. Petersburg
Enjoy a day of camaraderie, entertainment and reflection as St. Petersburg shows support and Pride in its diverse VFW community. The event will feature live music and refreshments.
This event is free to attend.
June 24
Dunedin Pride’s Pride Glow Party6:30 p.m.Pisces Sushi & Global Bistro, Dunedin
Light up your Pride celebration in a glorious neon setting at Best of the Bay award-winning Pisces Sushi & Global Bistro. As the sun sets, the night comes alive with glowing colors and bright spirits. Join Dunedin Pride for an evening where every moment shines brightly with fun, food and festivity. The Pride Glow Party is just one of nearly a dozen events happening with Dunedin Pride from June 21-28. Learn about all the events at DunedinFL.com/Pride.
Tickets are $65 each and include small bites, four drink stations, one raffle ticket and a gift.
June 25
“RuPaul’s Drag Race” alum Utica9 p.m.Café DaVinci, DeLand
Celebrate Pride Night at Café DaVinci with a performance from Utica, drag performer from “RuPaul’s Drag Race” season 13. Sponsored by NewGen Families, the event will be hosted by Aaliyah Nouveau and feature performances by Coco Cavalli, Olivia Hoops Nouveau, Beatrixxx Oddity, Daisy Deluxe and Artemis De Luna Nouveau. Showtimes are at 9 and 10:30 p.m.
Tickets are $5 for general admission and $10 for a photo opp.
June 26
Twisted Rooster Karaoke9 p.m.-12 a.m.Twisted Rooster bar, Melbourne
Come out to the Space Coast and show off your singing chops with karaoke at the Twisted Rooster Bar. Earn drink tokens for every song you sing that can be redeemed for drinks at Happy Hour prices.
This event is free to attend.
June 27
Orlando Fringe’s Out FestVarious showtimesFringe ArtSpace, Orlando
Calling all Kings, Queens and every Court Jester in between! Orlando Fringe is bringing its inaugural Orlando Out Fest to its Fringe ArtSpace in downtown Orlando. Out Fest will be a curated festival celebrating exclusively LGBTQ+ stories, artists and history. The inaugural Out Fest will run June 27-30. Find more information at OrlandoFringe.org.
Ticket prices to be announced.
June 28
Transtastic6-9 p.m.Museum of Fine Arts, St. Petersburg
Presented by Love the Golden Rule, St Pete Pride’s Transtastic aims to uplift and center the experiences of transgender, nonbinary, gender nonconforming and gender diverse individuals within the community through a celebration of music, art and social gathering. Guests will spend time in both indoor and outdoor spaces enjoying lite bites, a cash bar and community.
Tickets are $10 each.
June 29
Anime Festival Orlando9 a.m.-7 p.m.Rosen Plaza, Orlando
Anime Festival Orlando is one of Florida’s longest running anime conventions, going for 20 years and running. Join anime fans from around the world June 28-30 for celebrity panels, check out artist alley, cosplay and celebrate your fandom in a safe and fun environment. Guests expected to attend include Oriana Perón, AKrCos, LyoNaka, Dante Basco and more. See the full guest list at AnimeFestivalOrlando.com.
Weekend passes start at $80. Single day tickets are available.
June 30
“Fire Island: The Photography of Meryl Meisler”5-9 p.m.The Werk, St. Petersburg
The Fire Island Pines Historical Preservation Society brings a piece of Fire Island to St. Petersburg with its exhibit “Fire Island: The Photography of Meryl Meisler.” The exhibit, which showcases the photography of Meryl Meisler from her time on Fire Island in the 1970’s and opened at The Werk on May 17, runs through LGBTQ+ Pride Month, with your last chance to see it June 30.
This event is free to attend.
Sign up to receive our weekly newsletters today!
Sign up for our newsletter
© 2025 Watermark Out News. All rights reserved.