New Jersey Water Main Break Sprays Home Like A Geyser (Photo by Maja Hitij/Bongarts/Getty Images)
A water main break in New Jersey sprayed a home continuously like a geyser! It was soaking wet and this homeowner has some serious Chuck Luck!
The incident happened in Edison, New Jersey where a water main break sprayed a home continuously for hours. Now, they still have no idea what even caused it!
This is truly a sight to behold--unless it's your house. In that case, you can't help but wonder how much damage all of that water is causing to your home. Roofs are not cheap to repair and it appears they might have something to be concerned about here.
According to WABC, even 24 hours after the broken water main started spewing water on top of the duplex on Woodbrook Drive contractors were still making repairs! They even reportedly had to shut down part of the block in an effort to fix things. Resident Barbara McMahon tells WABC, "I came out of the house, I thought it was a fire with the water spreading over the roof of the house. When I walked this way, there was a hole in the ground and the water was shooting directly at the top window." It sounds like crews working at the location hit a 30-inch water main, per WABC.
Unfortunately, the woman who lives in the home was too overwhelmed to appear on camera. You can definitely understand that. You'd feel helpless watching all of that water pummel your house for hours unsure of all the damage it could be causing. Thankfully, it didn't cause anyone to lose their water service as the damaged transmission line doesn't supply residents. Days later, they still aren't sure who's responsible for the alleged accident. People seem to be pointing fingers but nobody is accepting the blame here. Hopefully, they're able to identify what exactly happened and who's responsible soon.
Elizabethtown Gas tells WABC, "The Fire Department alerted Elizabethtown Gas about the incident last night and asked Elizabethtown Gas to shut off the gas to two houses for safety reasons. Elizabethtown Gas and our contractors did not have any crews working in Edison yesterday, when the incident occurred. Our priority is always the safety of the customers and the communities we serve."
Check out a video report from Eyewitness News ABC7NY on YouTube below! Imagine if this was your house! That would be horrible. Hopefully, everything will be okay and she won't be the one who has to pay for this.
Oh, Chuck The Freak. Where would we be without you? The funny man often makes the Peep Show what it is. I can't imagine the show without his wit, comedy, and good looks.
To celebrate Chuck The Freak, we've found 5 of our favorite hilarious Chuck moments from The Peep Show. Check them out below!
Obviously, choosing 5 favorite Chuck moments was no easy feat. Seriously, I feel like every moment with Chuck The Freak is worthy of a highlight. So, it was a challenging task finding 5 of the most hilarious. However, it has been done. Blood, sweat, tears, and laughs went into the effort. Now, I think we have the ultimate list.
These videos are all vastly different. They cover different topics, but they all have one thing in common: they're hilarious. Better yet...they're hilarious because of Chuck The Freak. Of course, you can search through our YouTube page and find hilarious Peep Shows featuring great moments from Dave, funny Lisa moments, Andy, Jason, and Al. Actually, you might have missed it but we already covered the Best Of Andy Peep Show Videos. Definitely worth checking out sometime. Then, come back sometime to DaveAndChuckTheFreak.com where we will soon have Best Of Peep Show videos and lists available for every member of the show! Just give me a minute, I'm getting to it, I promise.
In the videos below, you'll see several different sides of Chuck The Freak. There's the sexual side, one about Chuck dying, some advice you could only get from Chuck The Freak, and one video where Chuck shares his dreams. Now, that's personal! However, there's no boundaries and nothing is off limit with Chuck The Freak. You know that!
Ready for the best of the best? Check out 5 hilarious Chuck The Freak moments below!
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a girl who was rescued from a pond by a heroic trooper. Dave thinks it's a story with a happy ending but the rest of the show doesn't think it was as uplifting as he made it out to be. Thanks to this video, we now know what it will sound like when Chuck dies. How does it sound? Well, pretty funny!
Dave & Chuck the Freak discuss special underwear for avoiding swamp crotch. Dave brings up an ad he saw for "stop-drip technology", and Chuck mentions a weird tip he learned online. In this Peep Show video, he shares his tips with you. What you do with the advise is totally up to you.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about some fans of Lady Gaga that are upset with her for being featured in a migraine advertisement. Then, Chuck says if he took a pill that was able to grow his dong and hair, he would be the face of it for free! Now, that's a product I could get behind! There are so many products that would be awesome to see Chuck endorse. The one true influencer.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about marijuana-infused aphrodisiacs emerging as a new love drug in New York and when Chuck the Freak uses the term 'sexually active' we learn that he no longer lives in 'Pound Town'. Things change as the years go by. At some point, Pound Town has to close down. When it happens? Nobody knows, but we're all going to get there eventually.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a video that was posted by Taryn Manning (an actress known for 'Orange is the New Black', '8 Mile, and 'Hustle & Flow') where she discusses performing orally on the backdoor of a married man and buying him a new boat. Naturally, this had to be discussed. The conversation led to some hilarious and iconic Chuck The Freak moments. Check out the video above! One of the best.
[newsletter-signup label="Sign me for Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter!" description="Join now to receive the Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter. You'll get access to recaps of the best stories of the week, the Peep Show of the week, as well as weekly 'Street Bits' episodes, an uncensored Dave & Chuck the Freak exclusive, available only to subscribers." color="#000000" checkbox_content="By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time." logo="https://daveandchuckthefreak.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/114/2022/10/logo.png" subscription_attributes="list_dave_chuck_daily_download" subscription_id="d9e7fee0-47e7-4227-aa4e-de1b352047d4" ]

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!