By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:18, 2 August 2024   |  Updated:  13:36, 2 August 2024   
 11
View  comments
Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick's son James Wilkie gave fans a glimpse into their family life with photos from the 2024 Paris Olympics.
The 21-year-old posted a number of sweet snaps from their French adventure on Thursday, including two with his sisters, twins Tabitha Hodge and Marion Loretta, 15.
One photo features the whole family, including Matthew, 62, and Sarah, 59, as they pose in front of the Olympic stadium, with James in the middle.
Another one shows him and his sisters looking thrilled as they cheer on the women's volleyball team together. 
'Pretty cool!' he captioned the post.
Sarah Jessica Parker, 59, and Matthew Broderick's, 62, son James Wilkie, 21, shared sweet photos from the Olympics in Paris with his sisters - twins Tabitha Hodge and Marion Loretta, 15
James posted a number of snaps from their French adventure, including one of the whole family in front of the Olympic stadium
'Pretty cool!' he captioned the post
The family snap saw Sarah showing off her chic sense of style in an off-white, patterned sundress that fell down towards her ankles.
She also slipped into a pair of closed-toed, black shoes and easily carried a black, cross-body purse over her shoulder.
Sarah's locks were pulled back away from her face in a sleek up do, and she sported a pair of fashionable black shades.
Broderick kept it casual in a pair of black pants as well as dark green shirt and navy, hooded sweatshirt that was left unzipped at the front.
James added a tender photo showing a sweet son and father moment, with him leaning on his famous dad in front of the Eiffel Tower. 
Another photo showed a close-up of the iconic tower, located on the Champ de Mars in Paris.
There was also a snap of James rocking a black tee and camouflage pants as he took a sip of water while strolling the streets of Paris.
James also ran into American restaurateur Guy Fieri, 56, with whom he took a snap.
Another tender photo showed a sweet son and father moment, with James leaning on his dad in front of the Eiffel Tower
James also ran into American restaurateur Guy Fieri, 56, with whom he took a snap
He sported a casual cool look while taking a walk in the City of Love
There was also a snap of James rocking a black tee and camouflage pants as he took a sip of water while strolling the streets of Paris
Another photo showed a close-up of the iconic tower, located on the Champ de Mars in Paris
The family cheered on the women's volleyball team together
In July James also uploaded a snap of the Sex And The City star and her husband mingling with Tom Cruise at the Olympics.
She was seen looking over a bridge with Broderick and Cruise on each side of her seemingly ahead of the main Opening Ceremony.
She held an umbrella above her head to help keep her dry in the drizzly weather, while Matthew layered his ensemble with a clear poncho.
Cruise sported a dark navy suit and could be seen holding his arms out as he conversed with both Parker and Broderick during the festivities.
Ahead of the torch lighting, various performances took place - including Lady Gaga belting out Mon Truc En Plume by Zizi Jeanmarie on a gold staircase.
French pianist, Alexandre Kantorow, also performed a set with Celine Dion later giving a powerful performance of Hymne à L'Amour on the Eiffel Tower.
While Sarah's eldest child has been active on social media during the 2024 Paris Olympics, the actress has yet to share her own memories from the trip.
The Hocus Pocus star and her husband Matthew welcomed James in October 2002, followed by their twin daughters via surrogate in 2009.
Sarah and the Ferris Bueller's Day Off actor tied the knot in 1997. 
She recently opened up about her children in April during an appearance on the Ruthie's Table 4 podcast, and explained why she doesn't limit her kids when it comes to food.
Last month James also shared an additional image that showed his mother looking over a bridge with Broderick and Tom Cruise, seemingly ahead of the opening ceremony
The Hocus Pocus star and her husband welcomed James in October 2002, followed by their twin daughters via surrogate in 2009; Matthew seen with their kids in July in New York City
Sarah and the Ferris Bueller's Day Off actor tied the knot in 1997; pictured in 2022
'When I was growing up, we weren't allowed sugar in the house, and we weren't allowed cookies, and we weren't allowed chocolate. And of course, all we did, the minute we moved out, was buy Entenmann's cakes and cookies.'
'So, in our house, we have cookies, we have cake. We have everything,' the star said. 'And I think as a result, you kind of have a healthier relationship.'
'When I had girls, I didn't want them to have a relationship with food that was antagonistic, or they felt like this was their enemy and that they were going to have to sort of, like, stake out a position with food.'
Shortly before whisking herself to Paris, Sarah has been keeping busy while filming the third season of the HBO MAX series, And Just Like That. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group