Gotham City District Attorney Harvey Dent leads a press conference calling out "depraved acts of violence" at the hands of Joker's supporters.
 Gotham City's populace has grown by one more familiar face in a new preview for Joker: Folie à Deux.

 Warner Bros. debuted a first look at actor Harry Lawtey's Harvey Dent on Tuesday in new footage from the upcoming Joker sequel, with the Industry star portraying the Gotham City Assistant District Attorney first popularized in the DC Comics upon which director Todd Phillips' Joker movies are based.

 In the teaser below, Joaquin Phoenix's Arthur Fleck — who transforms into the villainous Joker in the 2019 film — is confined in Arkham Asylum. While inside the facility, he watches Dent (who, in past DC projects, evolves into the iconic villain Two-Face) hold a press conference condemning Joker's wave of terror and violence, which included shooting and killing talk-show host Murray Franklin (Robert De Niro) in the head live on the air.

Warner Bros. (2)
 "Arthur Fleck is a monster. He knew exactly what he was doing. His depraved acts of violence led to riots by his followers, and they’re still willing to commit acts of violence in his name," Dent says in the clip over a scene that shows Lady Gaga's Harleen "Lee" Quinzel (a.k.a. Harley Quinn) smashing through a glass window to reach a number of television sets on the other side.

 The preview also cuts to a shot of Phoenix's Joker addressing a courtroom, where he clobbers a judge across the head.

 “Look around, look at all of these people!" Joker screams in the room. "Who do you think they see?"

 The footage ends with Harley, who meets and falls in love with Joker as a fellow Arkham patient, encouraging her man to hold on to his violent convictions. "You can do anything you want," she coos. "You're Joker."

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 Dent's debut in the clip marks the latest big-screen iteration for the character, who earlier appeared in live-action movies via Tim Burton's 1989 Batman (played by Billy Dee Williams as Dent only), before Tommy Lee Jones brought Two-Face to Hollywood in Joel Schumacher's 1995 sequel Batman Forever. Actor Aaron Eckhart later co-starred as Dent in Christopher Nolan's legendary 2008 hit The Dark Knight.

 Phoenix returns to inhabit the character in the upcoming musically tinged Joker sequel, four years after he won Best Actor at the 2020 Oscars for his lead performance. Gaga joins the film following an Oscar victory of her own, which she won for her contributions to writing the signature song, "Shallow," that she performed in Bradley Cooper's 2018 drama A Star Is Born.

 Joker: Folie à Deux is in theaters on Oct. 4. See Harvey Dent in the new preview above.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)