Sign in with social networks
or existing PokerNews account
Tony "Ren" Lin burst onto the poker scene three years ago with a stellar World Series of Poker.
A third-place finish in the $5,000 Freezeout was followed by a runner-up finish in the $50,000 High Roller — in total, Lin notched 13 cashes and almost $1.2 million in cashes.
And after 13 cashes in 2022 and a dozen the following year, Lin may have had a quiet summer in terms of results, but at the table he's full of the same "infectious charisma" that endears him to so many.
Not only is Lin through to Day 6 of the WSOP Main Event, he's definitely one to be feared with Lin sitting third in the current Global Poker Index rankings.
PokerNews caught up with him shortly before play got underway. Lin returns at the start of the day 31st in chips with 160 players remaining and is situated on one of the feature tables to start Day 6.
"It's my first time cashing, and I'm surprised I'm still here"
Lin was in good spirits, especially now that he's guaranteed $70,000, but another strong day could see him increase that amount further. 
"I've never cashed in the WSOP Main Event," Lin told PokerNews. "When I first sat down to play I wasn't thinking [about how far I could get].
"So it's my first time cashing, and I'm surprised I'm still here!"
Lin is one of six players from the $25k Fantasy Draft still in the Main Event. However, despite being the owner of Team Lady Gaga he was eventually drafted by Team NGNF for $55.
He has a strong poker pedigree outside of the WSOP, winning the $50k WPT Alpha8 last December, and warming up for the Series in April by winning the Texas Poker Open Main Event at Champions Club.
Bookmark this page! All you need to know about the 2024 WSOP is here.
Nevertheless, Lin says he's trying to treat the Main Event just like any other tournament.
"For me, the game is the game. It's always the same. But the Main Event is more important. But still, I try to play the same and treat it like a normal game.
"It's been very nice for me. Everyone is friendly, and I think everyone's been enjoying themselves."
With Day 6 underway, we asked Lin how he prepared last night ahead of another long day of poker.
"When I bagged I just went home and slept. I tried not to think about anything to do with poker. And today is like a new day. Just like we're starting a new tournament on Day 1."
Based in the United Kingdom, Will started working for PokerNews as a freelance live reporter in 2015 and joined the full-time staff in 2019. He now works as Managing Editor.

He graduated from the University of Kent in 2017 with a B.A. in German. He also holds an NCTJ Diploma in Sports Journalism.
PokerNews is a free to access, online resource that offers fresh daily content, world leading live reporting and poker strategy content and provides comparison features of various online poker sites to its visitors.
Visitors should be aware that that the operator of this site (iBus Media Limited trading as PokerNews) receives affiliate and advertising revenue from the companies that appear on the site, and said remuneration may impact the location and order in which the companies’ banners and offerings are promoted on our site.
Visitors should also note that room rankings can be impacted by a number of different variables and should not be relied upon for accuracy purposes. Whilst we do our utmost to try to ensure all companies advertised on our site are trustworthy and hold the requisite licences for their offerings, the rankings or prominence of any banner/advertisement do not necessarily imply endorsement of the companies or their products by iBus Media Limited trading as PokerNews.
Except as expressly set out in our Terms & Conditions, all representations and warranties regarding the information presented on this site are disclaimed. The information which appears on this site is subject to change at any time.
PokerNews is a free to access, online resource that offers fresh daily content, world leading live
					reporting
					and poker strategy content and provides comparison features of various online poker sites to its
					visitors.
				
Visitors should be aware that that the operator of this site (iBus Media Limited trading as PokerNews)
					receives affiliate and advertising revenue from the companies that appear on the site, and said
					remuneration may impact the location and order in which the companies’ banners and offerings are
					promoted
					on our site.
Visitors should also note that room rankings can be impacted by a number of different variables and
					should
					not be relied upon for accuracy purposes. Whilst we do our utmost to try to ensure all
					companies
					advertised on our site are trustworthy and hold the requisite licences for their offerings, the
					rankings or
					prominence of any banner/advertisement do not necessarily imply endorsement of the companies or
					their products by iBus Media Limited trading as PokerNews.
Except as expressly set out in our Terms & Conditions, all
					representations and warranties regarding the information presented on this site are disclaimed. The
					information which appears on this site is subject to change at any time.
Get 1,000,000 Free Coins
Play With 1,000,000 Free Chips
1000 COINS + 100 SPINS
Get a 20,000 Chip Sign-Up Bonus
Poker and Casino Games with No Limits
Play With 1,000,000 Free Chips
Play Mode: Free-To-Play Poker
Poker and Casino Games with No Limits
Get a 20,000 Chip Sign-Up Bonus
Get 1,000,000 Free Coins
1000 COINS + 100 SPINS
Poker and Casino Games with No Limits
Latest poker news, poker strategies and special offers.
+ Get the Texas Hold'em Poker Cheat Sheet - FREE
PokerNews.com is the world’s leading poker website. Among other things, visitors will find a daily dose of articles with the latest poker news, live reporting from tournaments, exclusive videos, podcasts, reviews and bonuses and so much more.

Winner of the Best affiliate in poker
				2013 • 2014 • 2015 • 2016 • 2018
				• 2021 • 2023
			
Disclaimer: any promotions presented on this page were correct and available at the time of writing. Promotions can change regularly. We encourage all users to check the promotion displayed matches the most current promotion available by clicking through to the operator welcome page. Please read the terms and conditions carefully before you accept any promotional welcome offer.
© 2003-2025 iBus Media LTD. All rights reserved. This material may not be reproduced, displayed, modified or distributed without the express prior written permission of the copyright holder.