ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
TOKYO, JAPAN - JUNE 19: Billie Eilish is seen upon arrival at Narita International airport on June ... More 19, 2024 in Narita, Japan. “Die with a Smile” marks Lady Gaga’s first top 10 hit on both the Billboard Global 200 and the Billboard Global Excl. US—and only Billie Eilish stopped it from hitting No. 1. (Photo by Jun Sato/WireImage)
Lady Gaga is back with another huge hit single, adding to her growing discography. The pop icon teamed up with Bruno Mars for the vintage-sounding “Die with a Smile,” which felt destined for success from the moment it arrived a little over a week ago. The tune debuts on a number of Billboard charts this week, and it almost reached the No. 1 spot on a handful of tallies, though the powerful pairing is blocked by another one of the most famous names in the music industry.
“Die with a Smile” launches at No. 2 on both the Billboard Global 200 and the Billboard Global Excl. US. The former tally ranks the most-consumed songs in the world, while the latter functions in a very similar manner, only with all sales and streaming data from America removed.
Gaga and Mars are held back from claiming the biggest hit in the world by the same tune on both rankings. Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” is steady at No. 1 on the two lists this week. That single reached the summit only recently, and now it’s in charge for the third consecutive turn.
“Die with a Smile” marks Gaga’s first top 10 hit on both of the aforementioned charts. It was almost her first ruler, but for the moment, she will have to wait to conquer the rankings.
Before this week, Gaga’s highest-rising smash was “Rain on Me,” her collaboration with Ariana Grande. That track peaked at No. 21 on the Billboard Global Excl. US and No. 22 on the Billboard Global 200.
So far, Gaga has placed just half a dozen tracks onto the two charts, including her latest win. The tallies were only introduced in late 2020, so many of her most successful singles preceded the lists’ inauguration. Even her loftiest placement, “Rain on Me,” came out months before Billboard went global.
Mars also has yet to rule the rankings, but he has performed better than his counterpart. Thanks to his work with Silk Sonic, of which he was one of two members alongside Anderson .Paak, the pop superstar has collected several top 10s on both rosters, though he’s performed slightly better on the Billboard Global Excl. US.