Adele announced Tuesday evening that she is postponing her “Weekends with Adele” Las Vegas residency through March to recover from an illness she did not disclose. 
“I was sick at the end of the last leg and all the way through my break,” the Grammy award winner, 35, said in a statement via social media. 
“I hadn’t quite gotten the chance to get back to full health before shows resumed and now I’m sick again, and unfortunately it’s all taken a toll on my voice.”
“And so on Doctors orders,” she continued, “I have no choice but to rest thoroughly. The remaining 5 weekends of this leg are being postponed to a later date. We are already working out the details and you will be sent the information asap.”
“I love you, I’ll miss you like mad and I’m sorry for the inconvenience x,” she added. 
Adele was in the midst of her final set of dates at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace when she made her announcement. 
Unfortunately for fans, this is not the first time she’s had to postpone her residency.
“Weekends with Adele” was originally supposed to kick off in January 2022, but she announced one day before it started that she simply could not take the stage due to COVID-19-related delays. 
“Half my crew, half my team is down with COVID — they still are — and it’s been impossible to finish the show,” she emotionally explained on social media at the time. 
“I can’t give you what I have right now, and I’m gutted. I’m gutted, and I’m sorry it’s so last-minute.”
In July 2022, she announced the rescheduled shows and her residency officially kicked off in November.
By March 2023, the “Someone Like You” singer surprised fans by revealing she would be continuing her stay in Sin City with 34 new dates beginning in November 2023.
Adele added 32 more shows in October 2023, which extended her residency into June of this year. 
“Weekend with Adele” has been applauded by fans and celebrities alike, with some famous guests including Kim Kardashian, Kendall Jenner, Jennifer Lopez, Shania Twain, Lady Gaga and more.
For more Page Six you love…
During a December 2023 interview, the “Hello” hitmaker claimed she “s–t” herself “the whole show” when the “Poker Face” singer watched her perform. 
“I’ve spent a bit of time with her, but I rate her so hard,” she explained to the Hollywood Reporter at the time. 
“I was like, ‘The show’s terrible. It’s rubbish. I’m singing terribly. I’m not funny. My dress is rubbish this week,'” she remembered. 
Adele is expected to return to the stage on May 17.
She has not yet announced new dates for her postponed shows.
Advertisement