The electronic duo will play their first live gigs in a decade next summer 
Basement Jaxx have announced a huge outdoor show in Manchester for next summer – find all the details below.
Earlier this month, the electronic music duo – comprising Felix Buxton and Simon Ratcliffe – confirmed that they would be returning to the stage in 2025 for their first live shows in 10 years.
The forthcoming dates include appearances at Latitude Festival, Wilderness and Camp Bestival – as well as performances in Scarborough, Dublin, Exeter, Margate, London and Cardiff.
In a previous statement, Buxton explained: “It feels like 2025 is the beginning of a new era for many and I think that’s probably true for Basement Jaxx too.”
Now, the group have added another comeback date to their summer calendar. They’ll top the bill at Castlefield Bowl in Manchester on Saturday July 12 as part of the Sounds Of The City concert series.
Basement Jaxx are set to be joined by some yet-to-be-confirmed “special guests” on the night.
Super happy to announce we’ve added MANCHESTER to our run of Summer 2025 shows Tickets on sale FRIDAYhttps://t.co/Q6PkgyZ5gw
— Basement Jaxx (@TheBasementJaxx) November 26, 2024
Tickets go on general sale at 9am GMT this Friday (November 29) – you’ll be able to buy yours here. Check out the announcement post above.
Other confirmed acts for the 2025 edition of Manchester’s Sounds Of The City include Bloc Party, Elbow and Shed Seven.
Last week, it was announced that Basement Jaxx would be returning to the US next spring to play both weekends of Coachella 2025. The festival will be headlined by Lady Gaga, Green Day and Post Malone.
Upon sharing the news of the duo’s live performances next year, Felix Buxton said: “After a few years DJing round the globe, it’ll be great to return to the live stage and the Live Show Experience. To connect to people with life-affirming energy and give people a great time.”
He continued: “It’s great our hits are still very much alive with younger generations so we connect across the age range – and it’ll be great to pop in a couple of bangers from our forthcoming album too.”
The reference to a new album comes after Basement Jaxx shared a live record titled ‘Orchestral II (Live In Australia)’ in September.
Basement Jaxx released their seventh and most recent studio album, ‘Junto’, in 2014. The BRIT Award-winning group are known for their hit singles ‘Rendez Vu’, ‘Romeo’, ‘Red Alert’ and ‘Where’s Your Head At’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.