One of the most anticipated releases of the fall, Joker: Folie à Deux, is being met with a somewhat cooler reception than the first film. If you’re looking for great content about Joker and Harley Quinn, though, the movie theater is not the only place you can find it.
Timed to the movie’s release, Hoopla, an online reading service that partners with local libraries, has announced that they have a collection of comics and other media related to the superhero spinoff. In fact, they have an entire Joker collection that features Joker and Harley Quinn comics, as well as the soundtracks to both films and Harlequin, Lady Gaga’s new album, which was released to tie in with the film. The collection also includes Hoopla’s exclusive collection of DC Manga, including Joker: One Operation Joker. In total, the collection includes more than 50 comic books and albums to explore.
All you need to access Hoopla’s collection is a library card that they can verify online. The service’s convenience comes in part from the fact that you don’t even have to leave your home to take advantage of it.
While the Joker offerings are likely going to be a major draw in the days ahead, Hoopla also has offerings like the soundtrack from The Batman as well as plenty of e-books and audiobooks that you can peruse at your leisure. Joker and Harley Quinn are two characters with a long history both together and separately, and Hoopla has much of that history available on their service.

Please enable Javascript to view this content

It's not an exaggeration to say that Warner Bros. is not happy right now. Still reeling from its expensive action prequel Furiosa disappointing at the box office over the summer, the legendary studio suffered further embarrassment when its long-awaited, $190 million follow-up to the billion-dollar-grossing 2019 hit Joker, Joker: Folie á Deux, flopped, grossing an embarrassing $37.8 million over three days. To put this in context, just over a month ago, the movie was projected to make over $100 million in its opening weekend.
What happened? Well, that's a topic for another article, but the simple version is this: if it isn't good, and no one is asking for it, people won't see it. Period. Now the problem for WB is this: if few people wanted to see Joker 2 on the first weekend, what makes them think more will come on the second weekend?
Joker: Folie à Deux sure made history over the weekend -- it just wasn't the kind of history that Warner Bros. wanted it to make. It not only had the lowest audience score -- D+ on CinemaScore -- of any modern superhero movie, it also opened to $37 million, which is disastrous for film that cost $190 million to 200 million.
We could go on and on about where Joker: Folie à Deux went wrong -- and we have! Some observers have even declared it to be the worst comic book movie ever made ... which is just ridiculous. It's definitely a horrible movie, but comic book cinema has already given us unforgettable schlock like Howard the Duck, Batman & Robin, Superman IV: The Quest for Peace, and the first two Punisher flicks. Good films in this genre were a relative rarity until around the turn of the century.
Director Todd Phillips' Joker: Folie à Deux has premiered in theaters, shocking the world as one of the biggest commercial and critical disappointments of 2024. Given the extraordinary success and impact of the original film, there was little chance it would live up to such incredible expectations. And since not everyone is a fan of musicals, the reception was bound to be divisive. While this sequel has its fair share of flaws, it certainly isn't worse than Morbius or Madame Web, as some pundits are suggesting.
It goes without saying that Joaquin Phoenix's and Gaga's mesmerizing performances are highlights of the film. However, there are many redeeming qualities that make it one of the most distinctive and thought-provoking comic book films in recent years. Since the hate train for this film is still letting out steam, here's why Joker: Folie à Deux is far from the worst DC movie of all time.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.