The Met Gala is an evening that features top-of-the-line fashion worn by Hollywood's biggest celebrities. However, this year, some of the usual A-listers who attend were noticeably absent.
This year's Met Gala theme is Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion with a dress code of The Garden of Time. Along with host Anna Wintour, co-chairs on the panel include Zendaya, Jennifer Lopez, Bad Bunny, and Chris Hemsworth. While plenty A-list stars attended, including Kim Kardashian, Zendaya and Gigi Hadid, others ended up skipping the evening.
Here are the most surprising Met Gala 2024 no-shows.
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
Rihanna had fans excited as she previously teased a "real simple" look for this year's Met Gala. However, it was quite puzzling when the Umbrella singer was nowhere to be seen on the night of.
It turns out, Rihanna was fully planning on attending, but a source told People that she didn't end up attending because she came down with the flu.
Not only has Harry attended the Met Gala in 2019, but his girlfriend, Taylor Russell, was present this year. This left fans scratching their heads, wondering why she was there but he wasn't.
While there has been no reason given as to why he didn't attend, fans agreed that he was certainly missed and would've came with a bold, stylish look.
Taylor hasn't attended a Met Gala since 2016, but with the star being bigger than ever, fans suspected that she may have graced the red carpet with beau Travis Kelce.
Anna Wintour even teased the possibility on Today. When asked about Taylor, she responded: "I hope she comes and enjoys the exhibit."
However, she has been rumoured to be putting all of her focus into the European leg of her Eras Tour - which is most likely why turned down an invite for tonight.
While Kim Kardashian was invited as well as mum Kris Jenner and half-sisters Kylie and Kendall Jenner, it seems Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian were snubbed this year.
They were also noticeably missing from last year's Met Gala as well. The last time they attended was 2022. While it's unclear why they haven't attended the last two years, a source told Page Six that Anna was "cracking down" on the list ahead of the 2023 Met Gala, and many suspect that comment could've been aimed at Khloe and Kourtney.
If you can't see the poll, click here
Lady Gaga gained a reputation for bringing the boldest looks to the Met Gala ever since 2010. Her most memorable look was her 2019 25-foot train pink gown. While just the one gown would've been enough, she changed four times throughout the evening.
After that Met Gala, she opened up to Oprah how she no longer wanted to have to "bemuse" audiences by trying to constantly one-up her over-the-top looks.
On top of that, the Poker Face singer has plenty up her sleeve. She has been filming Joker 2 as Harley Quinn and is also preparing for her upcoming Las Vegas residency. Between her approach to fashion and busy schedule, the Met Gala may no longer be a priority for her.
Blake Lively will always be a staple of the Met Gala after wowing with her colour-changing dress for the 2022 Gilded Glamour themed Met Gala. That's why it was extra shocking when she didn't appear for the 2023 Met Gala and yet again for the 2024 Met Gala.
In 2023, she teased that she wouldn't be attending but would be watching. She then posted an Instagram story that read, "First Monday in May" with an animated gif of milk coming from her breasts, implying it was because she wanted to be home with her two-month-old baby.
However, she hasn't given an explanation as to why she didn't attend this year.
Eyebrows were raised when Shawn Mendes' ex Camila Cabello attended the Met Gala and he didn't. Shawn has become somewhat of a regular at the Met Gala - attending in 2018, 2019, 2021 and 2022.
It remains a mystery why he didn't attend this year, but fans are wondering if he saw Camila's 15-lb dress with 250,000 crystals from the comfort of his home.
Katy Perry has become a trending topic of the 2024 Met Gala even though she herself didn't attend. This is because an AI image of her wearing a beautiful floral gown lined with moss at the bottom went viral.
At first, fans thought this was a true representation of her at the gala, but it was revealed it was just an AI image. Katy even reposted the image herself, explaining why she didn't attend this year.
"Couldn’t make it to the MET, had to work," she wrote while resharing the AI image.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.