A skateboard used by US singer Olivia Rodrigo for her music video Bad Idea Right? is one of the items being auctioned for charity ahead of this year’s Grammy Awards.
The charity auction is being held at the Grammy Museum in Los Angeles on February 4, preceding the 66th annual awards ceremony.
More than 50 one-of-a-kind instruments, outfits, personal items and memorabilia from some of the world’s biggest musicians – including Sir Paul McCartney and Lionel Richie – have been donated for the auction.
Items include Rodrigo’s twice-signed skateboard, which has the word “brutal” on it, and is estimated to fetch between 500 and 700 dollars (£394 to £552).
A Barbie that looks like Fleetwood Mac star Stevie Nicks, with an all-black outfit and a tambourine, is also set for auction.
The Mattel doll, in a case inscribed with the words “Stevie Barbie loves ya!” on the back, is estimated to fetch between 300 and 500 dollars (£236 to £394).
Other items from Nicks’ exclusive collection include an autographed version of her Bella Donna (1981) album and an autographed box set of Stand Back: 1981-2017.
Julien’s Auctions previously announced that an acoustic guitar signed by pop star Taylor Swift, and a grand piano played on stage by late Fleetwood Mac singer Christine McVie, would be auctioned.
Other items include a stage-worn custom-made catsuit with elbow-length gloves, worn by singer Dua Lipa during her Future Nostalgia tour, which is expected to fetch between 4,000 and 6,000 dollars (£3,154 to £4,732).
Culture Club star Boy George has included a signed grey felt hat with black band which could go for between 800 and 1,200 dollars (£630 to £946).
Singer-songwriter Jon Bon Jovi has offered several items including his 2018 Takamine EF341SC acoustic guitar, used in the Story Of Love music video, which will fetch an estimated 10,000 to 15,000 dollars (£7,886 to £11,828).
A number of signed records from the likes of Sam Smith, Harry Styles, Foo Fighters, Lady Gaga and Tom Petty And The Heartbreakers are also being auctioned.
Proceeds from the event will benefit leading music charity MusiCares, which “provides a safety net of critical health and welfare services to the music community”.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.