We've compiled his best Saturday Night Live sketches over the course of his career.

	Justin Timberlake is putting on his suit and tie, and heading back to Saturday Night Live.

	The star is set to make his SNL return on Jan. 27, marking his fifth time as musical guest as a solo artist. Dakota Johnson will be joining Timberlake, returning to the show as host for the second time.

	The 10-time Grammy winner is no stranger to the Saturday Night Live stage. He joined SNL‘s coveted Five-Timers Club in March 2013, two times of which he pulled double duty as both host and musical guest. 

	The “Say Something” singer has been teasing fans via social media over the past week of a potential new album era, wiping his Instagram clean before posting a series of photos from what looks like a music video set. “EITIW,” he captioned the post, with fans theorizing that the single will be called “Everything I Thought It Was.” Redditors even tracked down a trademark application filed by a mysterious LLC early last year for that phrase, as well as for “Everything I Thought It Was…A Sonic Film.”

	In celebration of Timberlake’s return to Saturday Night Live as well as another year of new music from the star, we’ve compiled a list of his best SNL sketches over the years, including everything from a song about gifting genitals and a short where he pimps his singing skills for vegan delights to another that finds him transforming into one “classic” lady. See below.
Jimmy Fallon and Justin play two-thirds of legendary pop  trio the Bee Gees.  In their ‘70s chic attire, Fallon (as host Barry Gibb) and Timberlake (as quiet brother Robin) hold a “no-nonsense” chat with former Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O’Connor (played by Kristen Wiig). After a wisecrack from O’Connor that features a “Stayin’ Alive” punch line, Barry furiously kicks out of his chair. “I’m Barry Efffing Gibb,” he yells. “ I will murder you on national television.”  Robin chimes in mostly to harmonize during his tirades.” “I will ruin you,” they croon.
The Lonely Island’s Andy Samberg and Justin Timberlake come across a problem after realizing they both have a date scheduled with the same hot woman (played by Lady Gaga), at the same time. After she confesses that she likes them both and is ready to sleep with both guys at once, each has a new decision to make: Is this a gay situation? The answer? “It’s not gay, if it’s in a threeway,” they sing.
On the game show with Bill Hader as host, Timberlake and former cast member Andy Samberg do their ‘90s R&B duo thing while competing against Steve Martin and Dan Aykroyd (as the Festrunk Brothers, two wild and crazy guys!) Timberlake promises they’ll be “freaking in the back of a PT Cruiser.” Sexy.
Playing an officer in an oddly New Orleans-influenced court, located in the northeastern state of Maine, a orange-wigged Timberlake — country accent and all — backs up a wild judge and threatens the defendant with reptile exile. “You shut your mouth, boy,” Timberlake orders while clamping his arms in gator-like fashion.


https://dailymotion.com/video/xy35qv


Reprising his roll as a restaurant mascot, a tofu-costumed Timberlake reps Veganville. He remixes Vanilla Ice’s “Ice Ice Baby” to “Brown Rice Baby,” Rihanna’s “We Found Love” to “We Found Love in a Meatless Place” and “Bauer’s “Harlem Shake” to “Vegan Shake.”
Justin transforms into Peg, an old friend of Kristen Wiig’s Midwestern loudmouth Target Lady. In a gray wig and pink outfit, Peg talks about her zany adventures and caps off stories like the one about pushing a washing machine and straining her neck with “Classic Peg!”
On a rocky ship approaching Ellis Island, Justin’s Irish ancestor, Cornelius Timberlake, forecasts what his talented descendant will accomplish one day. “I actually dream of a day when my great-great grandson will bring sexy back,” he mentions. “It will be gone, and he’ll bring it back.”
Fresh out of prison for a sketch that appears later on this list, Timberlake and The Lonely Island’s Andy Samberg try to figure out what to get their single moms (played by Susan Sarandon and Patricia Clarkson) on Mother’s Day. Over sandwiches, it hits them: “We should fuck each other’s mothers.”  “I’mma be the syrup, she can be my waffle,” Justin sings. Nasty, right? It’s also way funny.  


https://dailymotion.com/video/xbj73o


“Don’t worry about the other dancers, B-Town,” Paul Rudd assures a nervous Beyonce, who doesn’t know who she’s about to perform with. “All these guys are pros.” “These guys,” she asks, confused. Sporting the obligatory black leotards and high heels, Justin and two others joined Beyonce for a hilariously clumsy rendition of Bey’s most lauded video. “I’m not feeling this,” a disgusted Beyonce says after Justin backs it up and grinds on her. Those watching in their homes were, though.
Comedy troupe The Lonely Island partnered with Justin Timberlake here: rocking chinstrap beards and ‘90s R&B-era suits, Andy Samberg and Justin offered their suggestion for what men all over should give their significant others during the holiday season — boxed dicks. The hilarious SNL short not only brought the audience to teary-eyed laughter, but also earned the crew an Emmy award.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.