This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Lady Gaga’s father Joe Germanotta tells ‘America Reports’ says musicians getting hit with objects like cell phones during concerts ‘a shame.’
Since catapulting to fame in the late 2000s, Lady Gaga has battled attacks on her style, her music and even her gender identity.
She has always preached inclusivity and acceptance, and now, the powerhouse entertainer is finally discussing why she made a conscious decision to mostly disregard those rumors that she is actually a man.
"I've been used to lies being printed about me since I was twenty years old. I'm a performer, I think it's kind of funny," the now 38-year-old said on Netflix's "What's Next? The Future with Bill Gates," where she spoke with the tech billionaire about disinformation. 
LADY GAGA'S MOTHER SET HER UP WITH BUSINESSMAN FIANCÉ: 'I THINK I JUST MET YOUR HUSBAND'
Lady Gaga says that since she was in her 20s, she has faced accusations that she is a man. (VINCENZO PINTO/AFP via Getty Images)
"So, when I was in my early 20s, there was a rumor that I was a man. And I went all over the world. I mean, I traveled for tours, for promoting my records, and almost every interview I sat in, they said," she started, before the camera cut to a stupefied Gates.
"Well there was this imagery on the Internet that had been doctored," the "Die with a Smile" singer said, clarifying what spurred those questions. "And they were like, ‘You know, like there’s this rumor that you're a man. Like, what do you have to say about that?'"
A picture of Lady Gaga performing in Glastonbury back in 2009, just as her career was taking off. (Yui Mok - PA Images via Getty Images)
The episode then cut to interviews Gaga had done in the past - fielding questions about being a "well-endowed young man" or "hermaphrodite," but never directly addressing the allegations. Gaga, whose real name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, has always been known for her eccentric outfits and pronounced makeup.
In an interview for "60 Minutes" recorded in 2011, Anderson Cooper mentioned to Gaga that she never blatantly denied the rumors, but rather, "has fun with it."
"Why the hell am I gonna waste my time and give a press release about whether or not I have a p---s. My fans don't care and neither do I," she stated.
Lady Gaga wore a unique jumpsuit and matching eye mask during a performance on New Year's Eve in 2012. (Theo Wargo/WireImage/Getty Images)
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
"The reason I didn't answer the question," Gaga said, back in her conversation with Gates, "was because I didn't feel like a victim with that lie. But I thought about, like, what about a kid that's being accused of that, that would think a public figure like me would feel shame."
"The reason I didn't answer the question was because I didn't feel like a victim with that lie."
Lady Gaga had elongated lashes for The 2019 Met Gala. (Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
"I guess what I'm saying is I've been in situations where fixing a rumor was not in the best interest of, I thought of like, the well-being of other people," she admitted. "So in that case, I tried to be thought-provoking and disruptive in another [way.] I tried to use the misinformation to create another disruptive point."
Lady Gaga sang at the opening ceremony for the Summer Olympics in Paris this past July. (Sina Schuldt/picture alliance via Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
"People, I think, assume that someone like me that performs, that my performance is what's not real, but to me, that's the most real thing that you'll see about me. That is so much more real than all of the rumors that are designed to orbit me to gain more clicks."
Caroline Thayer is an entertainment writer. Follow Caroline Thayer on Twitter at @carolinejthayer and LinkedIn. Story tips can be sent to caroline.thayer@fox.com.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.