Now 
72
 Sat 
68
 Sun 
64
by RYAN PAINTER | KUTV
TOPICS:
Joker: Folie À Deux3.5 out of 5 StarsDirector: Todd PhillipsWriters: Scott Silver, Todd PhillipsStarring: Joaquin Phoenix, Lady Gaga, Brendan GleesonRated:  R for some strong violence, language throughout, some sexuality, and brief full nudity.
Synopsis: “Joker: Folie À Deux” finds Arthur Fleck institutionalized at Arkham awaiting trial for his crimes as Joker. While struggling with his dual identity, Arthur not only stumbles upon true love but also finds the music that's always been inside him.
Review: Guy Maddin’s “The Saddest Music in the World” has been floating around in my head for the past week. It’s an exquisite film and its title aptly describes “Joker: Folie À Deux.”  “Folie À Deux” is quite possibly the dourest jukebox musical in the history of the subgenre. Even its most joyous moments are weighed down by the sense of hopelessness that is saturated throughout the narrative.
Following the events of 2019’s “Joker,” “Folie À Deux” finds Arthur Fleck (Joaquin Phoenix) languishing in prison awaiting trial. Fleck’s defense lawyer insists that he isn’t mentally competent. Fleck seems indifferent to the idea. He’s lost his joie de vivre. And then he sees Lee Quinzel (Lady Gaga) an inmate who awakens a delusional sense of hope in Fleck.
“Folie À Deux” is a drama that occasionally bursts into show tunes. Most of the musical scenes are fantasies that exist only in Fleck’s head. Some might be shared with Quinzel though some mystical connection. It doesn’t really matter. There’s no guarantee that any of the narrative is real. Fleck is an unreliable narrator.
I was indifferent to “Joker.” It was interesting, but not arresting. I was bemused by its box office success. Though the star rating is the same, I prefer “Folie À Deux” as it effectively balances the futility of Fleck’s reality with his not-quite-wistful daydreams. That said, it’s such a depressing film that I find it hard to recommend it to anyone. It certainly isn’t the birth of a revolution that the ending of “Joker” suggested. Fleck’s devoted followers still exist. Who knows what mayhem they might be spreading outside the plot? But they are more spoken of than they are seen in “Folie À Deux.”
Lady Gaga’s take on the Harley Quinn character is largely blasé. If Margot Robbie’s version is turned up to a 10, Gaga’s is turned down to a 4. Gaga is playing against expectations. I don’t mind that. Audiences expecting something familiar from Quinzel are likely to be let down. You won’t be clamoring for a stand-alone film.
If “Joker” was a celebration of Fleck’s kick against mainstream society, “Folie À Deux” is the wake and cautionary tale about giving a higher purpose to the actions of a psychopath.
Louis Armstrong’s “Bess, Oh Where’s My Bess” was the first song that played on my drive home. Clearly, my iPhone had been listening and completely grasped the mood of the previous two hours.