Drag artist Blu Hydrangea has opened up about being trolled online revealing: “I’ve been called a freak show.”
The 27-year-old, whose off-stage name is Joshua Cargill, has suffered cyber abuse since signing up for Dancing With The Stars. 
The Belfast performer revealed: “It’s been the first time I got some negative feedback, like people saying ‘I can’t stand him’.
READ MORE: NI celebrities storm Dancing With The Stars leaderboard
READ MORE: Belfast drag act revealed as Dancing With the Stars contestant on Late Late Show
“The fact that they call me ‘him’ means that they’re not coming from a good place – obviously when I’m in drag, I go by female pronouns.”
Blu is no stranger to the limelight after winning RuPaul’s Drag Race: UK v the World in 2022, but the RTE reality show is a different ball game. 
She said: “I was also told I was the freak show, stuff like that. I would normally take part in shows that have a queer audience. So I’m very much in a safe space.
“I kind of realised going on this show that it is going to be a wider audience of people who may not understand people like me.
“The people who are sending me those messages are a very small group of extremist people that sit at home, waiting for these kinds of things to happen so they can jump on it.”
Blu added: “These people are very intense. They’re not willing to open their mind or listen to other people’s point of view. And there’s nothing I can do to change that. 
“What I can do though, is use my platform to help people that need the help or open other people’s eyes who are maybe slightly more accepting, but haven’t had that opportunity to see someone like me before. I’m definitely not tolerant of them.”
Blu and pro partner Simone Arena, 32 topped the leader board again last Sunday scoring 25 points for a tango to Lady Gaga’s hit Applause.
This week off the back of its Oscar nominations Blu will take on the role of Barbie performing a salsa to Dua Lipa’s Dance The Night for movie week.
The drag superstar said she intends to dance as Joshua – inspired by Panti Bliss who made history as the first celebrity in a same-sex dance pairing.
Panti ditched her glam persona to perform as Rory O’Neill with pro Denys Samson smashing the stigma of HIV with a poignant routine to the Pet Shop Boys classic It’s A Sin.
Blu said she too plans on ditching her “mask” on the dance series, admitting: “I would love to. Initially we were thinking, if we do it, it needs to be a big dramatic number about the importance of drag to me. And it would be this kind of sob story.
“I think that the drag brings a lot of confidence to me, obviously because it’s like having the ability to put on a Halloween costume and go up and knock on someone’s door and take sweets from them.
“You would never do that without your Halloween costume. Even me being able to do a dance out of drag would be powerful enough.
“I’d feel exposed. I’ve never been on stage without an inch of make-up on my face.” Following Junior Minister Jack Chambers’ announcement that he is gay, Blu remarked: “I think coming out is a different journey for everyone.
“I think it’s definitely becoming easier to come out, but it really depends on the circumstances and how accepting the parents are.
“It can be a big deal to people which is a shame because it should just be as simple as changing your hair colour. It’s something you are, it’s not something you should have to announce.”
 Click this link or scan the QR code to receive breaking news and top stories from Belfast Live. We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
After Rory Cowan’s departure last week Blu is competing for the Glitterball trophy against nine others including paralympian Jason Smyth, Rosanna Davison and Wild Youth’s David Whelan.
Blu said: “This week I feel very much that the energy is me. I’m having a lot of fun with it... and obviously being dressed up as Barbie is something I’m not a stranger to. 
“I’d have to be the most glamorous Barbie, with a massive dress and all the accessories, a dream house. Maybe after this dance Mattel will be contacting me to have my own doll.”
Dancing With The Stars continues tonight on RTE One at 6.30pm.
For all the latest news, visit the Belfast Live homepage here and sign up to our daily newsletter here.