These are the best love letter and romantic text message ideas for him or her.
We’re about to enter the season of love (February), which means you may be reflecting on your journey of love. Whether you’re in a new relationship, have been married for years, or are flying solo this Valentine’s Day, these 150 love messages are sure to make your heart fill with warmth and radiance.
The great thing about devotions of love are that they are meant to be shared. Share these nuggets of heartfelt truth with your significant other via a Valentine’s Day card, thoughtful "thinking of you" message, or as inspiration in your own confession of deep admiration. No matter where the words originate from — you, a song, or a seasoned author — we’re sure your partner or crush will adore the thought and sentiment these love messages convey.  
If more than one quote resonates with you about your loved one, relationship, or views on love, take a page from the Christmas handbook and turn the messages into an advent calendar by sending your S.O. a quote each day leading up to Valentine’s Day. That way, they will have 14 sincere quotes they can hold onto for life that remind them of you.
For more heartwarming quotes about love, check out our articles on Bible verses about love, relationship quotes, and “I miss you” quotes. 
Corinne Sullivan is an Editor at Cosmopolitan, where she covers a variety of beats, including lifestyle, entertainment, relationships, shopping, and more. She can tell you everything you need to know about the love lives of A-listers, the coziest bedsheets, and the sex toys actually worth your $$$. She is also the author of the 2018 novel Indecent. Follow her on Instagram for cute pics of her pup and bébé. 
Kate Franke (she/her) is an editorial assistant in the Hearst Lifestyle Group, covering for Woman's Day and Good Housekeeping. She loves all things lifestyle, home, and market related. Kate has a BAJMC in Magazine Media and BA in Writing from Drake University. She is a proud ASME alum whose work has appeared in Food Network Magazine, The Pioneer Woman Magazine, Better Homes & Gardens, Modern Farmhouse Style, Beautiful Kitchens & Baths, and more. Next to writing, Kate’s two favorite things are chai lattes and pumpkin bread!
30 Best Valentine's Day Gift Ideas for Her
Best Gifts Under $50 for Her
30 Best Long-Distance Relationship Gifts
80 Valentine's Day Captions for the Perfect Post
50 Cute Valentine's Day Pickup Lines
55 Fun Valentine's Day Trivia Facts
88 Cute Valentine's Day Quotes to Share
40 Valentine's Day Gift Ideas for Your Husband
26 Valentine's Day Gifts for a Pregnant Wife
35 Best Valentine's Day Gifts for Teens
First Valentine's Day Gifts for Your New Partner
60 Romantic Valentine's Day Movies to Stream Now
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.