We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
"I’m thrilled we are coming back for a second series."
Graham Norton's Wheel of Fortune reboot has been renewed for another series.
The iconic gameshow, which was originally aired from 1988 to 2001, returned to ITV after more than two decades earlier this year for six regular episodes and two celebrity specials, with Norton as host.
It's now been confirmed that the show will return for another series, consisting of nine regular episodes and a celebrity Christmas special.
Related: Best streaming services in 2024
"I’m thrilled we are coming back for a second series to challenge more contestants to solve more word puzzles and hopefully they come away with even more cash," Norton said. 
"It’s a game of skill and luck, so you just never know which way it will go and I’m excited to see who can hold their nerve against the wheel."
Katie Rawcliffe, Head of Entertainment Commissioning at ITV, added: "We are excited to bring back this iconic game show for a second series after a successful launch earlier this year. 
"Graham with his wit and humour is the perfect host for this fun, exciting, fast paced game of luck and skill."
Related: Graham Norton's Wheel of Fortune reboot criticised by viewers for one reason 
Wheel of Fortune sees players attempt to solve word puzzles by spinning a giant wheel filled with cash prizes.
However, there's always a possibility that players can lose their winnings, with spaces on the wheel including 'bankrupt' and 'lose a turn'.
In other news,  The Graham Norton Show is set to return to screens next Friday (September 27).
Norton will be joined on the red sofa by another star-studded line-up, including Lady Gaga, who will be speaking about her role as Harley Quinn in new Joker sequel Folie à Deux.
Colin Farrell will also join Norton to discuss his DC series The Penguin, Demi Moore will promote her new movie The Substance, and comedian Richard Ayoade will open up about his book The Unfinished Harauld Hughes.
Wheel of Fortune airs on Saturday nights on ITV1 and ITVX.
Freelance Reporter, Digital Spy After completing her joint honours degree in Journalism and English Literature at Cardiff University, Iona joined Digital Spy as a Content Production Intern in 2022. In that role, Iona wrote across both news and features, specialising in TV and movies. Following her internship, Iona now contributes to DS as a freelance reporter. 
 Iona has reported from the Black Adam red carpet, and interviewed celebrities ranging from Love Island stars to the cast of Disney's live-action The Little Mermaid.
Doctor Who confirms surprise new-season plot twist
Irish version of popular comedy show trends again
Claudia Winkleman set to step in for Graham Norton
Graham Norton Show's NYE special confirms line-up
Saoirse Ronan talks viral Graham Norton moment
Kate Winslet leads starry line-up on Graham Norton
Doctor Who star confirmed for Graham Norton Show
Graham Norton Show confirms return date and guests
Graham Norton leaving Virgin Radio show
Kate Winslet confirmed for The Graham Norton Show
Colman Domingo on how he met husband Raúl
Maestro stars to reunite for Graham Norton Show
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.