Share
Noah Lyles said his Olympics were like over after he raced in the men's 200 meter final with COVID. Infectious disease expert, Dr. Peter Chin-Hong joins LiveNOW's Carel Lajara to talk about COVID-19 protocols and the risk of exposure.
The 2024 Paris Olympics are coming to an end Sunday after two weeks of excitement – and a lot of Snoop Dogg. 
The closing ceremony will feature a parade of flags and athletes, along with performances by four California musicians. The California connection is a handover to the 2028 games, which will be held in Los Angeles. 
RELATED: Jordan Chiles must return bronze medal, IOC rules
The opening ceremony featured Lady Gaga and the return of Celine Dion to the performing stage after her career-threatening stiff person syndrome diagnosis.
READ MORE: Celine Dion shuts down Trump’s use of ‘My Heart Will Go On’ at rally: ‘Really, that song?’
Other parts of the opening ceremony proved controversial: One segment appeared to resemble a depiction of The Last Supper, famously painted by Leonardo da Vinci. The performance ensemble included drag queens, a transgender model and a naked singer who was stylized to resemble the Greek god Dionysus.
READ MORE: Paris 2024 official: Opening ceremony showed community tolerance despite furor
"Clearly there was never an intention to show disrespect to any religious group. (The opening ceremony) tried to celebrate community tolerance," Paris 2024 spokesperson Anne Descamps told reporters two days later. "We believe this ambition was achieved. If people have taken any offense, we are really sorry."
There are still nine athletic events on Sunday before the games officially end. 
Here’s what else to know about Sunday’s closing ceremony. 
A banner depicting the logo of the Paris 2024 Olympic Games on August 9, 2024. ) (Photo by JACK GUEZ/AFP via Getty Images) 
The Paris Olympics closing ceremony is at 3 p.m. Eastern time on Sunday, Aug. 11. NBC’s closing ceremony pre-show will start at 2 p.m. ET to recap some of the biggest moments of the last two weeks. 
The ceremony will air on NBC and stream on Peacock and NBC Olympic platforms — NBCOlympics.com, NBC.com, NBC app, NBC Olympics app.
California musicians Billie Eilish, Snoop Dogg and Red Hot Chili Peppers are scheduled to perform Sunday, while H.E.R. will sing the national anthem live at the Stade de France. 
"This is the biggest moment in LA28 history to date, as the Olympic flag passes from Paris to LA," said LA28 chairperson Casey Wasserman in a statement. "We are thrilled to feature the very best of LA with local artists and are grateful to Billie, H.E.R., the Chili Peppers and Snoop for their collaboration on what will be an incredible show to a global audience that will give fans a taste of what’s to come in 2028."
Los Angeles will host the Olympics for the third time, with previous Games being held there in 1984 and 1932. It will be the first time the city will host the Paralympics.
Reporting for this story cites the Associated Press and the Olympics. 
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations