Want to know more about Big Rig? Get his official bio, social pages and more!Full Bio
METALLICA Remastered Pinball Machine Accessories Launched By STERN PINBALL
Stern Pinball, Inc. has introduced a range of Metallica Remastered pinball machine accessories to complement the newly announced Remastered Limited Edition and Premium Edition pinball machines. The accessories include the \"…And Justice for All\" Metallica Topper, Illuminated Metallica Logo Shooter Knob, Metallica Sword Side Armor, Cabinet Expression Lighting System, and Speaker Expression Lighting System. These accessories enhance the gaming experience with features like RGB lighting, song unlocks, and synchronized light shows. Fans can now rock out with Metallica Remastered and bring the concert experience home with these officially licensed pinball accessories.
The Killers Announce 2025 Ceasar's Palace Las Vegas Return
The Killers started their Las Vegas residency in August, and now they’ve announced three encore shows. The residency was to celebrate the 20th-anniversary celebration of “Hot Fuss,” their debut album, performing the entire record front to back, and now they’ll be back at The Colosseum at Caesar’s Palace on January 22nd, 24th, and 25th. Artist pre-sales start today at 10 am local time, with sales to the general public starting Friday at 10 am Pacific time.
Five Finger Death Punch donates $200k to homeless, veterans charities
Five Finger Death Punch has donated $200k from ticket sales from their recent tour to two charities chosen by band members Ivan Moody and Zoltan Bathory. Moody selected Covenant House, a nonprofit organization supporting homeless youth, while Zoltan chose the Call of Duty Endowment, which helps veterans find high-quality careers. The band has a history of supporting various causes, including raising millions of dollars for charity and bringing awareness to veterans' issues through their music. Their commitment to giving back has earned them recognition and awards for their philanthropic efforts.
The Offspring's "The Kids Aren't Right" Hits One Billion Streams On Spotify
One of The Offspring's songs is hitting a big milestone on Spotify. Their song "The Kids Aren't Alright" has surpassed one-billion streams on the streaming platform. This marks The Offspring's second song to join the Spotify Billion's club after their 2008 song "You're Gonna Go Far Kid" reached the milestone over the summer. In other news, The Offspring recently released their 11th studio album "Supercharged" last month.
Primus Share Open Call For Drummer Following Tim Alexander's Departure
Primus is looking for a new drummer. The band has shared an open call for a new drummer on Instagram after their longtime percussionist Tim Alexander unexpectedly parted ways with them. In their post, Primus wrote that they're taking submissions from across the globe for the position of Primus drummer/percussionist. They said "flashy chops are wonderful, but the ability to groove, pocket, listen, react and contribute to the musical conversation is a must." Applicants are being asked to submit a resume and recent video performance to a dedicated email.
U2’s release of ‘shadow album’ both intrigues and surprises
U2's new B-side collection, How to Re-Assemble an Atomic Bomb, offers a glimpse into the band's experimental side with unreleased gems that showcase their willingness to try new things. The compilation features a mix of classic U2 moments and more experimental tracks, highlighting the band's artistic expression over catering to their mainstream audience. With tracks like Picture of You and Evidence of Life, the album captures U2 in a looser and more creative light, providing a refreshing contrast to their more polished studio albums. Despite some rough edges, How to Re-Assemble an Atomic Bomb offers a compelling look at U2's evolution and willingness to take risks in their music.
VAN HALEN: Why Write a Book?
Alex Van Halen tells us it wasn't his idea to write his recently published book, Brothers, but it was because of a lost opportunity that he did so. "Near the end of Ed's life it was very difficult to see him in person because of COVID. We had to suit up with hazmat suits. It was crazy. Even in the hospital we only could go one at a time until the very end when he passed. And so we never had a chance to sit down and, you know, whether it was something that we would plan or not plan. You think near the end of your life you have an opportunity to sit on the hill, take a look at everything and say, 'Hey Ed, we did alright.' But we never had that chance, that opportunity. So, it was suggested to me 'maybe you should write a book.' So I did."
And asked if there would be a book if Eddie were still here, Alex said, "No, I don't think we would have done it." "The one thing that we always did, we went in the studio and played. If you do nothing else, just play. That's all. Our perception was that's what we were put on this planet to do. And we did it. But, without Ed it ain't the same. You know, 65 years of playing with the same instrumentalist, it's a lot different. I've tried playing with other people, it's not the same."
Brothers not only tells the story of Alex and Eddie, but also the first incarnation of Van Halen until David Lee Roth left in 1985.
Tom Petty 'Live in Edinburgh 1982' Official Bootleg Announced
The Tom Petty estate and Jack White's Third Man Records are teaming up for a vinyl only live release due out November 29th. Live in Edinburgh 1982: The Gennaro Tapes was taken from a cassette recording made by Petty and the Heartbreakers house sound mixer Gennaro Rippo during at the band’s show in Edinburgh, Scotland on December 9th, 1982.
The show from the Long After Dark tour included songs from that album like "You Got Lucky" and "Change of Heart," plus covers of The Byrds' "So You Want to Be a Rock n' Roll Star," The Isley Brothers' "Shout" and the garage rock classic "Louie Louie." The vinyl release will be a three-album set. You can see the trailer for the album now on YouTube.
Lynyrd Skynyrd supports the Suncoast in a time of need
Lynyrd Skynyrd held a Rock 'N' Support Benefit Concert in Bradenton November 15th to raise funds for Gulf Island Hospitality Workers affected by hurricanes Helene and Milton. The event, organized in just three weeks, aimed to provide financial support to those displaced by the storms. The band's manager highlighted the challenges of putting together the show in a smaller venue, but with the community's support, they successfully raised money through ticket, alcohol, and food sales. The proceeds will benefit hospitality workers in need, demonstrating the band's commitment to helping their fellow Floridians in times of crisis.
Fleetwood Mac Doc from Frank Marshall in the Works at Apple
Fleetwood Mac may not be coming together anytime soon to record or perform, but they are all contributing to a "fully authorized” documentary. The still untitled film is being directed by Frank Marshall, who did documentaries on The Bee Gees and The Beach Boys, and will stream on Apple. “I am fascinated by how this incredible story of enormous musical achievement came about," says Marshall. "Fleetwood Mac somehow managed to merge their often chaotic and almost operatic personal lives into their own tale in real time, which then became legend. This will be a film about the music and the people who created it.”
The film will focus on the most successful line-up of the band starting in 1974 when Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks joined, and "will explore how the band’s trials and tribulations, personal resilience, and musical dexterity combined to create songs that have not only stood the test of time but are indeed timeless masterpieces.” No word on when the film will be released.
J. GEILS BAND: Give it To You
J. Geils Band singer Peter Wolf is the latest artist to spill his guts in the form of a memoir.
Waiting on the Moon: Artists, Poets, Drifters Grifters and Goddesses is described as “a treasure trove of vignettes, musings and recollections of his fascinating life during his six decades long career.” Each chapter reads as “its own short story,” and offers “an enchanting and revealing glimpse through lyrical snapshots of artists, writers, actors, and musicians as they work—the creative forces that drive them to achievement; the demons they battle; and the patterns of their human relationships.” One of those relationships is his five-year marriage to actress Faye Dunaway from 1974 to ‘79. Waiting on the Moon will be published on March 11th.
Sting Joins Cherrytree Music 20th Anniversary Concert
Cherrytree Music Company is celebrating its 20th anniversary on January 25 next year with a star-studded concert. The concert will include performances from Sting, Shaggy, Mike Einziger from Incubus, and more. Proceeds from the event will benefit St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital. Cherrytree Music Company was founded back in 2005 and has released music from iconic acts ranging from Lady Gaga to Feist, and managed artists like Sting as well. The concert will be at the Belasco Theater in downtown Los Angeles. Tickets go on sale this Friday November 22nd at 10AM Pacific.
R.E.M., AL GREEN: One Rock Hall Member Covers Another
R.E.M. have been covered by a fellow member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame -- Al Green.
The 78-year-old soul legend has tackled the Automatic for the People ballad "Everybody Hurts." There's a lyric video for it up on YouTube now. Green says, "Recording ‘Everybody Hurts,’ I could really feel the heaviness of the song, and I wanted to inject a little touch of hope and light into it. There’s always a presence of light that can break through those times of darkness."
Elvis Costello Announces 2025 U.S. Concert Tour Dates
Elvis Costello is adding over a dozen new U.S. concert dates to his schedule next year. The short fun of dates will kick off in Easton, Pennsylvania on February 19th.From there, Costello will stop in Red Bank, New Jersey; Portsmouth, New Hampshire; and Woodstock, New York, among other cities. The dates will conclude in Chicago on March 14th. For most of the shows, Costello will only perform with his pianist Steve Nieve. Tickets go on sale this Thursday.
DAVID CROSBY: Given a Second Chance at Life 30 Years Ago
David Crosby was given a second chance at life 30 years ago today (Wednesday) -- 1994 -- when he underwent a liver transplant due to hepatitis C. Paid for by Phil Collins -- whose number-one song in 1989, "Another Day in Paradise," featured Crosby on background vocals -- the transplant led to public discussions about celebrities getting preferential treatment, notwithstanding Crosby's abuse of alcohol and drugs. 
In 1998, we discussed the transplant with Crosby, who told us, "Things are good with me. I'm very glad to be alive." "Transplants don't live a long time. Not that we know of. But when you have a little son [Django] and a wife [Jan] that you love, if you get 20 days you're happy. If you get 20 years you're ecstatic. I have no idea how long I'm gonna last. I live a very precarious life. But, it makes you treasure everyday that you do get and I do, and it makes you not waste anytime, and I don't."
On average, about 75% of liver transplant recipients live for another five years. Crosby crushed those odds, living for 29 years and two months until his death on January 18th, 2023 from complications related to COVID. He was 81. He was 53 when he had the transplant.
Other artists who had liver transplants and sadly did not live as long as Crosby include Gregg Allman, Lou Reed and Phil Lesh, although he had a good run, surviving another 26 years.
CDS From The 80s, 90, and 00 Are Selling For Over $10K
Some CDs from the '80s, '90s, and '00s [[ two-thousands ]]have a hefty price tag these days. One of those is Bruce Springsteen's "The Future of Rock and Roll," which was released in 1988 as a promo-only double disc in Japan. Because the 16-track CD is hard to find now, it's worth about 14-hundred-dollars. Another collection to look out for is Prince's "My Name Was Prince. Only 50 copies were released in 1993 and it's now over six-thousand dollars. Two other valuable CDs are David Bowie's 1989 "Sound and Vision" album which can go for between 70-to-400-dollars, and Michale Jackson's "Smile" CD, which is selling for almost two-thousand dollars. If you have any of these CDs you can try to sell it on eBay or look for Facebook CD collector groups to find a buyer there. 
IN OTHER NEWS
The Rolling Stones have released on YouTube a video of their performance of “You Got Me Rocking” from June 8th, 1999 at the Shepherd’s Bush Empire in London. It’s off their forthcoming audio and video collection, Welcome to Shepherd’s Bush, which will be out December 6th. The film will premiere this Thursday at Vue Leicester Square in London.
Eric Clapton will play a six-night residency at the Budokan in Tokyo -- April 14th, 16th, 18th, 19th, 21st and 24th. These shows mark his 24th visit to Japan since 1974. The only countries he has performed in more are the U.K. and U.S.
Queen guitarist Brian May and his wife, British actress Anita Dobson, celebrated their 24th wedding anniversary this week by going to their favorite restaurant, Edera, in London. May posted photos of the night on Instagram, writing that they drove 90 minutes each way because they’ve moved to the British countryside after their London home got flooded – and for what he says are “feelings of security.”
The Warren Haynes Band will kick off a brief winter tour on February 7th in Knoxville, Tennessee and wrap it up on February 22nd in Buffalo, New York. Tickets go on sale Friday. Haynes will appear on ABC's GMA3 Friday to perform "This Life as We Know It" from Million Voices Whisper. Mountain Jam, the festival curated by Warren Haynes, will return in 2025 after a six-year absence. It's slated to take place June 20th through the 22nd at Belleayre Mountain in Highmount, New York.
Dave Navarro and Billy Morrison will hold their fourth Above Ground benefit concert on January 25th at the Fonda Theatre in Hollywood. They will be joined by an all-star cast to cover the self-titled debut albums by The Cars and New York Dolls.