Black Eyed Peas star will. i.am is battling a chronic condition that's causing his hearing to deteriorate. The Voice UK coach, who's collaborated with big names like Lady Gaga, Rihanna and Michael Jackson, has noticed his hearing getting progressively worse over the years, sparking fears of permanent damage.
"I can't be quiet, as that's when I notice the ringing in my ears. There's always a beep there every day, all day. I don't know exactly how long I've had this, but it's gradually getting worse," he said while previously speaking with The Sun, according to Birmingham Live.
Hospital tests have also revealed that his ears 'are that of someone a lot older', it's reported. In another separate interview, he said: "When I went to the doctor and got an ear test, they said: 'Your ears are that of someone a lot older.' In 2007, 2013 and this year, I got all my frequency tests and the curve … it’s proper loss."
The music icon is suffering from a condition known as tinnitus. As per NHS advice, this is described as 'the name for hearing noises that do not come from an outside source', including ringing, buzzing, or - in the case of will.i.am - a constant 'beep'.
Although it can often improve on its own, sufferers often notice waves of hearing loss or a heightened sensitivity to certain sounds. This can make it challenging for individuals to fall asleep or focus, and may even lead to depression.
Andy Shanks, a health hearing expert and founder of eargym, explained: "One of the most common causes of preventable tinnitus is excessive noise exposure. This can be workplace noise, for example in factories or on building sites, continuous exposure to powerful speakers, or loud one-off noises like explosions or gun shot sounds.
"As age-related hearing loss is a common cause of tinnitus, older people may be more likely to develop the condition. Although the link between hearing loss and tinnitus isn’t yet fully understood, it is believed that sound deprivation may cause our brains to compensate and 'fill the gaps' with its own noises."
Aside from this, stress, pre-existing medical conditions and earwax build up can also worsen the condition. Although it doesn't have a 'one-size-fits-all-cure', Andy suggests there are a few things that can be done to reduce its symptoms.
This includes sound therapy, like listening to white noise, to mask the sounds of tinnitus, or even meditation practice to provide some stress relief. He added: "One of the first things you should do when experiencing persistent ringing, buzzing or humming in your ears, is seek professional help.
"Many people who suffer from tinnitus have some form of hearing loss and recent studies have shown that around 68% of people felt their tinnitus was less noticeable when using hearing aids."
What do you think? Let us know in the comment section below
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.