Manage your account
AUTHOR’S NOTE: This story contains details from court documents including text messages from an adult and a person they believed to be a minor that are sexual in nature. Due to the content of this story, discretion is advised before reading. If you know or suspect that any child under the age of 18 is being abused sexually, please call the Texas Child Abuse Hotline at 1 (800) 252-5400.
WICHITA FALLS (KFDX/KJTL) — A former child actor and disc jockey from the Greater Los Angeles area is behind bars in Wichita County following an undercover online investigation targeting adults attempting to meet up with minors for sexual activity.
Jeffrey Joseph Dandurand, 50, of La Verne, California, was booked into the Wichita County Jail on September 17, 2024, and charged with four counts of online solicitation of a minor, a second-degree felony offense.
 LOCAL NEWS: Here’s why your phones went off early Friday morning 
A writ of habeas corpus was filed by Dandurand, claiming his detention in Wichita County was unlawful. Following a hearing on Friday, October 4, 2024, in the 30th District Court, Judge Jeff McKnight denied the writ.
As of the publication of this story, Dandurand remains behind bars on bonds totaling $300,000.
According to the affidavit, a special agent with the Criminal Investigations Division of the Texas Department of Public Safety initiated an online undercover investigation targeting adult individuals communicating with children with the intent to meet with the child to engage in sexual activity.
The agent said he began the investigation in April 2024 by creating an online persona of a 14-year-old female, along with age and gender-altered photographs to appear as a young female.
The DPS agent said he posted “14FTexas any older guys” in an internet chatroom advertised as a location for teens. He said he began receiving direct messages, including one from someone claiming to be a 38-year-old male.
According to the affidavit, the DPS agent added the individual on Discord and the two began direct messaging. The DPS agent said they identified themselves as a 14-year-old female in the ninth grade.
The affidavit said the Discord user told the undercover agent, “I’ve never dated younger before but interested am I too old to say that?” The agent also said the Discord user claimed to have a 17-year-old daughter.
According to the affidavit, the Discord user began asking the undercover DPS agent about their sexual experience, sending several sexually explicit messages and exchanging photographs. The agent said they continued to chat with the Discord user for several days.
The agent said a subpoena of the Discord account linked it to a CashApp account held by Dandurand, who resided in California.
 LOCAL CRIME: Persistent police investigation leads to 3 arrests 
The DPS agent said that a subpoena of Dandurand’s Discord account revealed around eight separate conversations in which the person Dandurand was communicating with said they were underage.
According to the affidavit, more messages were exchanged between the agent and Dandurand. After exchanging more digitally altered photographs, Dandurand said, “You are so sexy”, eventually asking if he should get a room at a hotel in Wichita Falls.
The affidavit said on April 25, 2024, Dandurand messaged the agent’s undercover account asking them to meet up at a hotel room in Wichita Falls. “Will you sneak out or meet me at room”, Dandurand’s message said, later adding “Your parents won’t know.”
The DPS agent said they asked Dandurand, “Ur not gonna kidnap me tho right?” The agent said Dandurand replied, “No sweetie,” followed by a sexually explicit message.
According to the affidavit, the agent continued communicating with Dandurand on Discord after he did not show up at the hotel as they had planned. According to the agent, on May 10, 2024, Dandurand said “I promise to make it up to you” and “I’ll get you anything when we meet up.”
The DPS agent said more sexually explicit messages were sent from Dandurand, including more requests to meet up and engage in sexual activity.
According to the affidavit, on May 30, 2024, the undercover DPS agent received a friend request on Discord from another user. The agent said they immediately recognized the Discord user’s profile picture and believed it to be another account being used by Dandurand. The agent said he was later able to link the second Discord account to an e-mail account that was created by Dandurand.
 LOCAL CRIME: Mother, assisted care worker sentenced for debit card abuse, endangerment 
The DPS agent said Dandurand continued sending sexually explicit messages from his second Discord account, this time claiming to be a 42-year-old man from Los Angeles. The agent said Dandurand asked what the age of consent was in Texas, followed by “14 I think it’s ok.”
The agent said they continued to communicate with Dandurand, who asked how they could meet up and asked to engage in sexual intercourse. On July 8, Dandurand told the undercover agent they would be in Wichita Falls at the end of the month and asked to meet up and have sex.
The affidavit said Dandurand was identified by public search as a stand-up comedian, a former child actor, a disc jockey, and a podcast host.
An online search revealed that Dandurand is a radio personality by the name of “DJ Jeff Duran“. Dandurand is credited with the song “Rebellion” by Britney Spears. Dandurand also appeared on episodes of “The Wonder Years”, “Step By Step” and “The Twilight Zone” in the 1980s and 1990s.
According to the “Trivia” section of Dandurand’s IMDB page, he was the first DJ in the United States to interview and play Lady Gaga.
This is a developing story. Stick with Texoma’s Homepage for updates as more information becomes available. All individuals charged with a crime are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. 
Close
Thanks for signing up!
Watch for us in your inbox.
Subscribe Now
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to Texomashomepage.com.