1 star: Avoid conflicts; work behind the scenes. 2 stars: You can accomplish, but don't rely on others. 3 stars: Focus and you'll reach your goals. 4 stars: Aim high; start new projects. 5 stars: Nothing can stop you; go for gold.
Advertisement
CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY: Lady Gaga, 38; Julia Stiles, 43; Vince Vaughn, 54; Reba McEntire, 69.
Birthday Baby: You are endearing, grateful and empathetic. You are unique and influential.
Happy Birthday: Taking the time to listen will lead to benefits. Decide what you want to accomplish and pick a quiet spot to work. Turn the projects you pursue this year into masterpieces. Step out of the spotlight and you'll find the quickest path to make things happen. Make changes and turn an idea into an opportunity. Your numbers are 4, 11, 20, 28, 32, 37, 48.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Join groups that offer support, information, and cost-effective and easily adjusted alternatives. Use your power of persuasion to convince those close to you to join in and be supportive. A personal or physical change will point you in a healthy direction. 3 stars
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Search for a prospect that touches you emotionally. If your heart is motivated, don't hesitate to initiate changes that motivate you to follow through with your plans. Be bold and live life your way, and you will attract love and support. Romance is in the stars. 3 stars
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Feel the tug of war, recognize the dynamics of your situation and look for the best alternative. A quiet, straightforward approach is encouraged if you want to navigate your way through roadblocks. 3 stars
CANCER (June 21-July 22): Minimize your discussions until you are sure you can win the debate. Put your energy into personal gains, increasing awareness and a physical improvement that fortifies your confidence. Connect with people who can contribute to your success or offer inside information that reinforces your beliefs. Romance is favored. 5 stars
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Put impulse aside and think matters through. Choose to do your due diligence and to map out a foolproof plan before you go public. An expert or insightful person you meet will recognize, add to and join your fight to set standards and make progress. 2 stars
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): You'll get the go-ahead if you address issues and make your voice heard. A change of plans will work in your favor. Partnerships will offer opportunities to expand ideas and defeat anyone who chooses to oppose you. 4 stars
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Take the initiative and make the first move. Your gesture will encourage a response and help you understand both sides of an issue. Price out the cost and time you need to forfeit to get what you want, and reset your schedule and budget to ensure success. 3 stars
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Welcome change; decide what happens next. Give your inner light a chance to shine, touch people's lives and enrich the world around you. Focus on giving back, and satisfaction and gratification will be yours. Peace and love are heading your way. 3 stars
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Don't count on help or share too much information about what you intend to do next. Fly under the radar and get as much done as possible before someone steps in and tries to bulldoze your plans. Don't use force when anonymity is what you need. 3 stars
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Adjust your surroundings to suit your lifestyle. Consider what and who makes you happy, and wait to quit until you secure your position and are able to fulfill your passion. Love, romance and personal growth are apparent. Follow your heart and explore the possibilities. 4 stars
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Take a closer look before you commit to something. Familiarize yourself with the physical and emotional costs before you proceed. Don't let anyone pressure you into something that benefits them more than you. 2 stars
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Stop second-guessing and start believing in yourself. An energetic approach to your goal won't disappoint. Look at the prospects, create opportunities and seek out those you know can contribute to join your team. You have plenty to gain if you take control. 5 stars
Advertisement
1 star: Avoid conflicts; work behind the scenes. 2 stars: You can accomplish, but don't rely on others. 3 stars: Focus and you'll reach your goals. 4 stars: Aim high; start new projects. 5 stars: Nothing can stop you; go for gold.
CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY: Fergie, 49; Nathan Fillion, 53; Mariah Carey, 55; Pauley Perrette, 55.
Birthday Baby: You are persuasive, opportunity-driven and innovative. You are guarded and considerate.
Happy Birthday: Be proactive when dealing with institutions and maintaining up-to-date personal information. Peace of mind will be your ticket to come and go as you please with the least stress. Take time to reinforce your connections with people who matter to you personally and professionally. It's time to tidy up loose ends and reassemble your thoughts and long-term plans. Your numbers are 4, 15, 23, 28, 34, 42, 44.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): A change to how you handle your cash will make a difference. Put together a savings plan and incorporate it into your daily routine. Consider what makes you happy. You'll find places where you can cut corners and save. 3 stars
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Settle matters in your head before sharing your thoughts. Don't shy away from change if exploring possibilities will lead to unusual connections and opportunities. Take advantage of what's available and see where it leads. Expect to be surprised by what you discover. 3 stars
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Stay alert and fit. You'll need to compensate for mistakes and other people's actions. Listen carefully and offer alternatives in a persuasive and complimentary manner to avoid a negative response. Gather information before agreeing to participate. 3 stars
CANCER (June 21-July 22): Explore the possibilities. Take what you know to the next level. Refuse to let anyone stifle your dreams or push you in a direction that doesn't captivate your interest. Expand your circle of friends and put peace and love on your wish list. 5 stars
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): You may know what you want, but it will only be possible to meet your expectations with the right connections. Rethink your objective and go back to the drawing board. Gathering the latest information will give you the necessary insight to reach your destination. 2 stars
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): A steady pace will win. Don't let anyone jeopardize your chance to be happy. If someone tries to push you in a different direction, gravitate toward those heading down the same path as you. A partnership will make you aware of possibilities. 4 stars
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Pay attention to your environment and how functional your space is before you start something new. A change that makes your life convenient and cost-efficient will help ease stress. Consider selling what you no longer use. 3 stars
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Socialize, mix business with pleasure and connect with people who spark your imagination and give you a different perspective regarding what's possible. Personal growth, physical improvements and updating your lifestyle are favored. 3 stars
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Don't act prematurely. Be resourceful and distinguish yourself as an expert before presenting your point of view. Reconfigure how you run your household in order to fit your budget and address what concerns you most. Refuse to let anyone disrupt your plans. 4 stars
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): You have more going for you than you realize. Someone will twist your words or offer false information to control a situation or decision. Trust in yourself and your ability to get things done your way, on time and without going over budget. 2 stars
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Pay attention to your cash flow, and don't let emotional spending or trying to buy someone's vote of confidence leave you without money. Travel and communication will lead to setbacks and require intelligent maneuvers to stay on track. 5 stars
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Set your sights on having a good time. Use your talents and intuition to win approval and inside information. A chance to get ahead financially is in the stars. Revamp your routine and consider a joint venture or sharing expenses with someone to cut your costs. 3 stars
Advertisement
1 star: Avoid conflicts; work behind the scenes. 2 stars: You can accomplish, but don't rely on others. 3 stars: Focus and you'll reach your goals. 4 stars: Aim high; start new projects. 5 stars: Nothing can stop you; go for gold.
CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY: Keira Knightley, 39; Kenny Chesney, 56; Martin Short, 74; Steven Tyler, 76.
Birthday Baby: You are playful, suggestive and helpful. You are quick-witted and proactive.
Happy Birthday: Communicate with passion in your voice and facts to back your claims. Be precise, accurate and thoughtful this year; you will alleviate misunderstandings. Go about your business and take care of details that can make or break how far you get and the changes you can make. Opportunity is present, but taking ownership of what you want is up to you. Your numbers are 6, 10, 19, 27, 31, 42, 46.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Don't rush. Accuracy and preparation are encouraged if you want to go the distance and achieve your goal. Less talk and more action will help you maintain the surprise element that intrigues those you want to impress. Strive for spectacular instead of adequate. 3 stars
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): An opportunity will require change. Consider what others expect of you and prepare to deliver. Work alone until you are happy with the results. Keeping your progress to yourself will protect against outside interference. Enjoy the creative process, set high standards and raise expectations. 3 stars
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Keep your finger on the pulse, be aware of what's happening and don't believe everything you hear. Research, verify and hold others accountable to maintain a stellar reputation and good standing with institutions and authority figures. Ditch the dead weight and clutter, and clear a passage forward. 5 stars
CANCER (June 21-July 22): Immerse yourself in what you are doing. Time spent explaining or conversing with someone will make you anxious and insecure about what you want to achieve. You'll gain ground and satisfaction through completion and presentation. Make personal growth and security your goals. Romance is favored. 2 stars
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Stick close to home and address personal business. Stay updated with the latest information regarding your community, professional changes and environmental warnings. Refuse to let the decisions and changes others initiate tempt you into being a follower. Take the most fulfilling path. 4 stars
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): Listen, learn and incorporate what you discover into your life. A change is overdue and will help point you in an appropriate direction to excel. A lifestyle change will help you see relationships differently. 3 stars
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Put home, family and relationships first. Be a good listener, and it will lead to better decisions. What you put out will return, so be kind, generous and helpful. A contract, medical issue or financial investment will take a positive turn that improves your life. 3 stars
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Emotions will spike and influence your reaction in the heat of the moment. Shake off any anxiety and replace it with common sense, facts and whatever it takes to redirect your energy into creative and innovative plans. 3 stars
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Conflicts will arise if you let someone interfere in your life. Redefine what makes you happy and how to structure your every move to ensure you reach your destination. Take better care of your physical well-being and reputation. Personal gain requires hands-on assistance. 4 stars
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Pay attention to where the money goes, and you'll discover how to lower your overhead. A change at home will allow you to entertain a new and exciting lifestyle. Something you have to offer will lead to financial security. Partnerships and romance are in the stars. 2 stars
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Pour your energy into your skills, updates and finding what makes you happy. Revamp your long-term plans and select a place or project that feels compatible. Stop bending to someone else's needs and pursue what will satisfy you. Gratitude comes from choosing what makes you happy. 5 stars
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Choose the route with the highest return. Don't test bureaucratic matters; just deal with them and press forward. You'll find your bliss by following that small voice within. Don't stifle your dreams when manifesting them is the road to inner peace. 3 stars
Advertisement