Thousands of people took to the streets of Cardiff for the annual Pride Cymru festival.
The two-day event started Saturday, with a parade through the streets of the city.
Performances over the weekend included acts such as headliners Vengaboys and Heather Small.
Described by the organisers as Cardiff's "most colourful event", the LGBT festival was marking its 25th anniversary.
Pride Cymru was taking place on Saturday and Sunday. 
The annual Pride parade began on Castle Street on Saturday at 11:00 BST.
Cardiff Castle's grounds were then opened for a variety of performers across two stages, as well as a family area, youth area and a faith tent.
The festival continued until 22:30 on Saturday, before restarting at 11:00 on Sunday.
Tickets were needed to enter the castle grounds where the main festival was taking place.
Children aged 5–14 needed a children’s ticket, while children under five could enter for free, accompanied by an adult.
Pop group Vengaboys headlined on Saturday, alongside other acts including Ultrabeat, House Gospel Choir, Tom Aspaul, Donna Marie as Lady Gaga, and Yshee Black.
On Sunday, Scissor Sisters star Jake Shears took to the stage, supported by Heather Small, as well as DAGNY, Bronwen Lewis, Ru Paul’s Drag Race winner Danny Beard and Victoria Scone.
This year’s parade route was approximately 1.4 miles (2.25km) long, starting on Castle Street.
The route was along High Street, St Mary Street, Mill Lane, The Hayes, Working Street, Queen Street, Park Street and Greyfriars Road before finishing up back at the castle.
Organisers have said it should take around 1.5 to 2 hours to complete.
A number of roads across Cardiff city centre were closed during the Pride Cymru event.
Between 06:00 and 00:00 on Saturday:
Between 08:00 and 14:30 on Saturday:
South Wales Police say officers are looking for a 28-year-old suspect and appealed for witnesses.
Cardiff's Tinus de Beer will join the fly-half ranks at Dragons for next season.
Flanker Dan Thomas and prop Danny Southworth signed new contracts to stay at Cardiff.
The government says there is not enough time to introduce a new misogyny law before next year's Holyrood election.
The new record for 1 May in Wales has seen temperatures 10 degrees above average.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.