She's the world's most famous glove designer, dressing the hands of Lady Gaga, Kate Middleton, Madonna and most recently pop superstar Taylor Swift.
So no wonder Paula Rowan can describe the appeal of gloves best, calling them: "hand armour" that are "the last thing you put on and the first thing people notice".
Rowan is putting Ireland on the map as the go-to designer for what has risen to become the most wanted accessory in fashion. Her name is synonymous with gloves and her brand has featured on all the international catwalks and major fashion magazines such as Vogue.
READ MORE: Taylor Swift rescued after getting stuck on platform in Dublin
READ MORE: Taylor Swift says she will remember Dublin reaction ‘for rest of her life’
When the stars need to stand out, they go to Rowan, whose designs are unique and classic with an edge.
They got the official seal of approval when they were featured in the Lady Gaga-starring fashion flick House of Gucci and also in Sex And The City spin-off And Just Like That.
Style icon Gaga wore them herself for her Chromatica Ball tour in 2022, while celebrity glove queen Madonna wore Rowan's signature Haylee leather cuffs (€195) for her Madame X album.
Swift chose Rowan's Aida gloves - also €195 - for her Eras tour and wore them on stage for her Dublin gigs as well as previous ones.
Rowan said when Swift wore them previously: "I am delighted and truly honoured to see that Taylor Swift has worn our white 'Aida' leather gloves for the Tortured Poets Department section of her Eras tour."
"Taylor Swift is one of the world's best selling artists with a huge reach and influence in both the music industry and popular culture. Artist, businesswoman and philanthropist, she really is an inspiration and role model to all."
A move towards elegant opulence - driven by Bridgerton - has made dramatic opera gloves a major trend. Kate Middleton wore Rowan's Montserrat 12-button gloves last year for a state banquet in Buckingham Palace.
Kendall Jenner, Paloma Faith and Dua Lipa have also adorned their hands with her pieces of art. So why have they suddenly become such a fashion statement? And how is an Irish designer, with a boutique in Dublin's Westbury Mall, the foremost glover in the world?
"I have always been somewhat obsessed with hands and arms and gloves," Rowan told The Irish Mirror.
"I have been doing this for more than 15 years and I have seen a gradual progression, for example, they are showing up more on the catwalk, without a shadow of a doubt. It could be to do with Bridgerton or Sex And The City, I don't know."
"I see a glove as a piece of clothing, an important accessory. When you think of shoes you think of Jimmy Choo, when you think of hats you think of Philip Treacy."
"I'm trying to do the same for gloves and become the leader in the field. Part of the success has been in how I focused on one product and doing it well and inevitably got a following. So my name is synonymous with really good quality gloves made in Italy, from the finest leathers."
She loves when fashionistas wear her pieces, saying: "I still get a huge kick from seeing people wear my gloves, whether on the catwalk or on the street."
Stylist Emmanuel Agbons is also a fan. He said: "Gloves have a timeless elegance that can elevate any look, as a classic accessory. From formal events to casual outings, gloves add sophistication and style unmatched by other accessories."
"Gloves can evoke a sense of vintage glamour, reminiscent of Hollywood icons like Audrey Hepburn and Grace Kelly, while also fitting seamlessly into modern fashion trends."
 Click this link or scan the QR code to receive breaking news and top stories from Belfast Live. We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
For all the latest news, visit the Belfast Live homepage here and sign up to our What's On newsletter