Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
A24 has shared the first official trailer for Aaron Schimberg's upcoming film, which hits theaters in September. 

							By 

	Tatiana Tenreyro


Sebastian Stan‘s Edward learns to be careful what he wishes for in the trailer for A Different Man.

	Edward (Stan) has neurofibromatosis of the face, seeing his deformity as an impediment to his confidence. He keeps to himself, with his attractive new neighbor Ingrid (Renate Reinsve) becoming one of his only confidants. His other neighbor, Ollie (Billy Griffith) offers words of encouragement (via a paraphrasing of Lady Gaga): “All unhappiness in life comes from not accepting what is.”



	When the opportunity to test an experimental drug that “heals” Edward comes about, he decides to go for it. Life as a handsome man has its perks. He’s now celebrated at the office instead of being overlooked. “Look at this piece of man candy,” exclaims his co-worker Nick (Owen Kline), holding a cutout of Edward.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Box Office: 'Thunderbolts*' Storming to $73M-$77M Opening, Alec Baldwin's 'Rust' Flops in Cinemas		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Box Office: 'Thunderbolts*' to Kick Off Summer Season in Pivotal Moment for Marvel Studios		
			








	Edward’s newfound confidence wanes when, while out with drinks with his coworkers, he’s approached by Oswald (Adam Pearson), a charismatic man also born with neurofibromatosis. Everyone wants to get to know Oswald — even Ingrid, much to Edward’s chagrin.

	“I’m getting a feeling I’ve messed things up for you,” Oswald tells Edward. That appears to be an understatement, as Edward at one point grabs Oswald’s face and screams “Take yours off!,” as someone else attempts to break up the physical altercation.

	The official synopsis reads, “Aspiring actor Edward undergoes a radical medical procedure to drastically transform his appearance. But his new dream face quickly turns into a nightmare, as he becomes obsessed with reclaiming what was lost.”

	Speaking with The Hollywood Reporter about the film at Sundance, writer-director Aaron Schimberg noted that after working with Pearson in 2019’s Chained for Life, viewers thought that the actor was as shy as his character, “which is not at all like Adam.” For A Different Man, Schimberg wanted to display Pearson’s charisma, with a character who is on the “opposite end” of the personality spectrum. “[Oswald’s] a very gregarious character and [this role] showed another side of Adam,” said the filmmaker.

A Different Man hits theaters on Sept. 20.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.