By KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:52, 14 September 2024   |  Updated:  09:15, 14 September 2024   
 43
View  comments
Bradley Cooper has been taking advantage of some downtime of late by spending time with some of the people closest to him.
And at the top of that list is his only child, seven-year-old daughter Lea, whom he took out for a casual stroll together on Friday in his adopted hometown of New York City.
The doting dad, 49, was spotted taking a little side street while carrying his daughter in his arms for a portion of the walk.
She had both of her arms firmly secured around her father's neck, and was dressed in white shorts adorned with colorful palm tress, a matching pink t-shirt, and purple running sneakers.
The actor and director also kept it casual in the fashion department by wearing dark pants with a white t-shirt, and two-tone gray sneakers.
Bradley Cooper, 49, carried his daughter Lea, seven, in his arms for part of their stroll together along a side street in New York City on Friday, September 13
Rounding out his overall look, Cooper, wore a black baseball cap on backwards over his grown our dark brown hair, all while sporting a full beard and mustache.
Lea has been living between her home with her model mom, Irina Shayk, and the home her dad has in Manhattan ever since they decided to split up when she was two.
The Abington Township, Pennsylvania native started dating the Russian-born model, 38, in the spring of 2015, although they went to great lengths to keep their relationship out of the public eye.
Nearly two years into the relationship, they would welcome the arrival of Lea to Planet Earth, who's their first and only child together, in March 2017.
Ultimately, Cooper and Shayk announced their split in June 2019 after about four years of dating, however they had been living separate lives for many months while they worked on a custody agreement, according to People.
In the years after their split, they remained on good terms and kept a friendly co-parenting dynamic for sake of themselves and their daughter. 
The Star Is Born leading man and director has been romancing with model Gigi Hadid since October 2023, while his baby momma had moved on with retired NFL superstar Tom Brady, at least for a little while.
In recent days, Copper and his latest catwalk queen were seen soaking up the sun and fun on an Italian getaway aboard a yacht to round out the waning days of summer.
The dating dad, who kept it casual in the fashion department in dark pants with a white tee, has been co-parenting with his daughter's mom, Irina Shayk, since their spilt in 2019
Copper and Shayk, 38, have remained on good terms and kept a friendly co-parenting dynamic for sake of themselves and their daughter; she is seen in 2024
The Star Is Born actor and director has been dating model Gigi Hadid, 29, since October 2023; they couple are pictured in NYC in February
Deadline is reporting that Cooper has been working on the new film Is This Thing On?, serving as one of the stars and director of the production that co-stars and was written by Will Arnett.
The shoot reported started in September 2023 and likely went on until around the start of 2024, according to World Of Reel.
So far, there's no official word on when the movie will make its official premiere in theaters.
Just before the shoot, Cooper had been serving as a producer for Todd Phillips' sequel Joker: Folie à Deux, starring Joaquin Phoenix, Lady Gaga, Brendan Gleeson, Catherine Keener, and Zazie Beetz, which is set to premiere in theaters on October 4.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group