The pop star enthusiastically responded to Gaga's upcoming album teased on social media, which also included fanning over Lana Del Rey and monster emojis.
 Kesha is ready for the DJ to blow her speakers up with Lady Gaga's new album.

 After the Oscar-winning "Shallow" singer-songwriter recently began teasing her upcoming album across various social media platforms, Gaga shared a cryptic post late Thursday that seemingly referenced Kesha's breakout 2009 hit "Tik Tok" in the caption along with a black-and-white photo of her working on music.

 "Tik tok tik tok," Gaga wrote alongside the image, which shows her sitting on a bed with various recording equipment and a portable piano.

 Kesha, whose signature smash "Tik Tok" went to No. 1 following its release 15 years ago, commented with a black heart emoji — which Gaga has repeateldy used across the last few weeks to tease new music — and an enthusiastic message of support: "READY MOTHER."

 EW has reached out to Kesha's team for more information.

 Prior to the Instagram exchange, Gaga supported Kesha during the latter's prior legal battle with music producer Dr. Luke, with Gaga even being subpoenaed in the case. In 2014, Kesha filed a lawsuit against Dr. Luke that alleged sexual assault and battery, and despite several developments in the case over the years, the pair settled the legal battle in 2023 and issued a joint statement at its conclusion.

Presley Ann/Getty Images; Michael Kovac/Getty Images
 In a 2021 interview with EW, over one year after the release of her Chromatica LP, Gaga teased that new music was on the way. "There's always music in my heart, in the works. It's just about [asking], 'What will it be?'" she explained at the time. "I'm not ready to answer that yet. But what I will say is that ... I'm always thinking about music. It just comes out in different forms."

 Gaga — who's set to star opposite Joaquin Phoenix in the sequel Joker: Folie á Deux blockbuster in October — also teased the upcoming album on the TikTok video-sharing platform, telling her fans that "magic potions take time" amid posting more black heart emojis in response to incessant pleas for the album to drop.

 When one fan asked where the album was, Gaga — who also admitted she's a Lana Del Rey "stan" — said it's "in a vault" that's guarded by a monster emoji.

 See Gaga and Kesha's Instagram posts above.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)