Wednesday Addams is joining the legendary Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade this weekend, with Netflix bringing a gargantuanWednesday float to the festivities.
Officially titled Wednesday's Feast, the float is made up of a gargantuan model of Jenna Ortega's titular moody heroine, joined by Isaac Ordonez's Pugsley and the disembodied hand, Thing.
The second season of Tim Burton's Addams Family spin-off Wednesday is currently in production set for release next year, with Ortega, Gwendoline Christie, Luiz Guzmán, Catherine Zeta-Jones and original Wednesday herself Christina Ricci returning.
Also joining the second season in an already stacked cast are Lady Gaga, Christopher Lloyd (notably, Uncle Fester from the live action Addams Family movies!), Joanna Lumley, Haley Joel Osment and Steve Buscemi.
According to the official Macy's Thanskgiving Day Parade Wikipedia page (yes, that's a thing):
“The float depicts Wednesday, who hates Thanksgiving and parades, celebrating the dreadful affair by doing something she loves—embarrassing her younger brother Pugsley. She serves his head on a literal platter, surrounded by a buffet of rotten fruit, putrid vegetables, and ominous insects.”
Singer Bishop Briggs will also be part of the new float.
For a better look at the Wednesday float, check out photos via IGN below. This year’s Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade airs on November 28 at 8:30am EST on NBC.



Post Tags:

#macy's
#netflix
#wednesday
#wednesday season two
#Jenna Ortega



Amber T is FANGORIA's Head News Writer, resident Brit, and Japanese horror expert. Her non-news writing can be found on physical media releases by ARROW, Second Sight Films, 88 Films, Terror Vision and ERROR 4444, as well as frequently in FANGORIA's glossy paper pages.
Get weekly news, editorials, rare images from the Fango vault, special deals and more. It's like getting a mini of FANGORIA every week in your inbox.
The World's Best Horror and Cult Film Magazine Since 1979.
Required reading for the horror community.