The Emmy-winning designer opens up about crafting the costumes for the 2024 Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show
Zaldy almost missed the message asking him if he wanted to design the costumes for the 2024 Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show.
“I just happened to catch it within a couple of days, and I was like, Is this real?,” he says to me days before the show is set to take place. Luckily, the Emmy Award-winning costume designer managed to nab the job. “[It was] by far the best DM I’ve ever received in my life.”
Zaldy has worked on everything from Lady Gaga’s Monster Ball Tour to Cirque du Soleil shows, and while he speaks fondly of all his past projects, the costume designer can’t help but note how positive the experience of designing the wings for the 2024 VS show was. 
“It has been the most pleasurable project I think I’ve ever worked on,” he says. “I can’t quite compare it to anything else I’ve done because I’ve never really worked [with] that full-female team in all the leadership roles.” (Alongside Zaldy, Emmanuelle Alt served as the stylist, while Priscilla Polley acted as fashion director.)
That female-led team was one of the major changes that took place this year, as well as a dedication to more diversity on the runway, with this being the first live Victoria’s Secret show to take place since 2018.
Janie Schaffer, who executive produced the spectacle alongside Sarah Sylvester, can speak to the brand’s revamped approach. “The true vision right from the start of this women-led articulation was for the entire show to feel like a celebration of women,” she says. “This year’s show is a celebration of women and the diversity of their experiences—and we’re infusing a refreshed lens and innovation into every element. From meeting our customers where they are and sharing in the magic together live on our social channels, to offering consumers the opportunity to shop every single look of the show as it goes down the runway—the vision for the show and the product within reflect who we are today.”  
This focus on empowerment seeped into the creative process as well, ultimately affecting one of the most iconic aspects of the show: the wings.
Those wings have been the accessory that most strongly defines the show, but with his designs, Zaldy decided to take a less hierarchical approach. “It’s really like which wing suits the right model,” he says, noting that the biggest wings didn’t necessarily denote the biggest superstars. “This was just, I’m designing a collection of garments and each garment will find the right model. And that’s been the same thing approaching the wings. I think it’s very liberating.”
For Zaldy, the most important thing was research—learning everything he could about this very pink and very ostentatious event, and finding a way in which he could put his own spin on things. “My first thought was: I have to have an opening wing that has never been done before,” he says.
This goal came to fruition with the opening ensemble, worn by Gigi Hadid, which consisted of a plunging, baby pink bodysuit and giant feathered wings that opened as if the model was about to flap them and fly away.
“I thought: I need to have a mechanical wing that just opens and closes magically,” Zaldy says to me. “For me, it is about... moving the brand forward in the eyes of their fans that have been [here] forever and the new fans and giving them something that they’ll never forget.”
On show night, seated in the pink bleachers, I thought to myself that it was certainly an evening I’d never forget. Lively performances from Tyla, Cher, and Lisa kept the energy flowing, while a slew of super supermodels, like Adriana Lima, Bella Hadid, Anok Yai, Alessandra Ambrosia, Kate Moss, and Tyra Banks (who made her glorious return to the runway) proved why they’re the best in the game. Not to mention, stars like Alex Consani, Imaan Hammam, and Paloma Elsesser made their Victoria’s Secret debut, proving that the brand is making efforts to expand their family.
But the focus, of course, was the looks. From heart-shaped fringe-y wings to billowing capes and crystal sets, these were the sort of playful ensembles that viewers have come to anticipate from Victoria’s Secret shows. “I had models crying over their outfit because they were so excited,” Zaldy confesses to me.
All in all, the designer just wanted his subjects to feel confident. Zaldy says that everything stemmed from a level of camaraderie and love that was fostered long before the stage was set.
“It’s been really touching, I’m telling you. It’s like, I don’t know if it’s just that the space allows for that kind of expression, but it has been very emotional and it’s just been such a welcoming, emotional experience all around,” he says. “It’s really been magical.”
No One Provides a Better Escape than Ralph Lauren
16 Standout Trends from the Fall Runways
Moncler Grenoble Returns With Snowy Spectacle
In Paris, Designers Challenged Us to Stand Out
The Miu Miu Girl Becomes a Lady
All Aboard the Louis Vuitton Train
These Iconic Fashion Items Are Making a Comeback
Haider Ackermann Suits Tom Ford
Alaïa's Pieter Mulier Will Always Dare to Dream
Are Power Hips Better Than Power Shoulders?
Vaquera Grew Up—Kinda!
Here’s Why We’re in the Era of Sciura Style
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.