On Nov. 21, Coachella announced Kraftwerk as one of the many headliners on their genre-bending 2025 lineup.
It turns out the electro pioneers have a few more shows lined up next year.
Starting next March, the legendary group is embarking on a 25-show North American headlining ‘Multimedia Tour’ to celebrate the 50th album of their seminal 1975 album “Autobahn.”
Early in the run, Ralf Hütter, Falk Grieffenhagen and co. will drop into New York for a pair of shows. First, they’ll drop into Brooklyn’s Kings Theatre on Thursday, March 13. The following night they’ll headline at New York City’s Beacon Theatre on Friday, March 14.
Although not much is known about the shows other than the group will likely play tracks from “Autobahn,” Pitchfork reports “the dates will take the form of multimedia concerts blending music, visuals, and performance art.”
Last year, the band played nine shows at Los Angeles’ Walt Disney Concert Hall.
 Variety attended and wrote “Kraftwerk still offers one of the most visually engaging shows you’re likely to see, with spectacular video accompaniment and the ‘Tron’-style light-up bodysuits donned by each member offering no shortage of head-trip spectacle.”
Fans can purchase tickets for all upcoming Kraftwerk shows on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale is Friday, Dec. 13.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found below.
Near the end of Kraftwerk’s run, they’ll be at Indio, CA’s Empire Polo Field on April 11-13 and 18-20.
Headliners with similar sensibilities on the bill include Lady Gaga, Charli XCX, Missy Elliott, Miike Snow and Basement Jaxx.
If you want single or multi-day passes for the multi-weekend extravaganza, you can grab Coachella 2025 tickets here.
Next year, Kraftwerk will almost certainly play “Autobahn” in its entirety at all shows (along with a handful of greatest hits). To get a better idea of what that might mean, here’s a look at what the group performed at their most recent gig in Dresden, Germany on Sept. 14, according to Set List FM.
01.) “Nummern / Computerwelt / Computerwelt 2”02.) “Heimcomputer / It’s More Fun to Compute”03.) “Spacelab”04.) “Ätherwellen”05.) “Tango”06.) “The Man-Machine”07.) “Electric Café”08.) “Autobahn”09.) “Computer Liebe”10.) “Das Model”11.) “Neonlicht”12.) “Geigerzähler”13.) “Radioaktivität”14.) “Tour de France / Tour de France Étape 3 / Chrono / Tour de France Étape 2”15.) “Trans-Europa Express / Metall auf Metall / Abzug”16.) “Planet der Visionen”17.) “La Forme”18.) “Vitamin”19.) “Boing Boom Tschak / Musique Non Stop”Encore
20.) “Die Roboter”
Kraftwerk’s fourth album marked an evolution in their sound. Prior to “Autobahn’s” November 1974 release, the group was known for experimental krautrock; here, they embraced an synth and drum machine-heavy electronic pop sound.
Consisting of just five tracks — the shimmery, hypnotic “Autobahn,” ambient yet melodic “Kometenmelodie 1,” dance-y, futuristic “Kometenmelodie 2,” creepy, sparse “Mitternacht” and achingly beautiful “Morgenspaziergang” — the record changed music forever.
In the Spin Alternative Record Guide, Simon Reynolds wrote “Esoterics will claim they prefer the first three albums: they’re excellent, but truthfully Autobahn is when Kraftwerk’s muzak-of-the-sphere starts to matter.”
To hear for yourself, you can listen to “Autobahn” in its glorious entirety here.
Although no artist sounds quite like Kraftwerk — as much as they all try — here are five we think you might like to see live these next few months if you count yourself among the many fans of Ralf Hütter.
• LCD Soundsystem
• Four Tet
• Orchestral Manoeuvres In The Dark
• Justice
• Rüfüs Du Sol
Who else is out and about? Take a look at our list of all the 2025 Grammy nominees on tour to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change