Global superstar singer Celine Dion is rumoured to be attending the Pairs Olympics Opening Ceremony as a surprise act that will mark a historical occasion for the artist.


  The Canadian singer has not performed live since she was diagnosed with the rare Stiff Person Syndrome (SPS).


  In 2021, Dion cancelled her Las Vegas residency due to health concerns before revealing her SPS diagnosis in December 2022 and cancelling her Courage World Tour.


  She recently premiered a documentary about her life and living with SPS called 'I Am: Celine Dion' where she opened up about coming to terms with the condition and how it affects her life. 


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Prime Video (@primevideo)






A post shared by Prime Video (@primevideo)


  Now, it's rumoured Dion will make her grand return in Paris for the Olympics after it was reported that she arrived in the French capital ahead of the Games along with US singer Lady Gaga.


  Although those close to organising the ceremony have kept quiet about rumours of Dion, French President Emmanuel Macron says he would be “immensely happy” if the singer appeared.


  Sharing: "I will not reveal anything, what (Paris Olympics artistic director) Thomas Jolly and all his teams have prepared. There is also a surprise.”


  Stiff Person Syndrome affects people, mainly in their 40s to 60s, with persistent spasms in their lower limbs and torso, according to University College London.


RECOMMENDED READING


Celine Dion did not want any changes to footage of spasm in film, says director


  The main symptoms of SPS are muscle stiffening and spasming. Periods of muscle spasming can be triggered by environmental stimuli like loud noises and can calm down once the stimulus has gone.


  Some people with SPS have other autoimmune diseases such as type one diabetes, vitiligo and pernicious anaemia.


  There is no cure for SPS, but there are ways for the disease to be treated, including through the use of muscle sedatives and relaxants.


  Physical and occupational therapy is also a treatment route for people with SPS.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.