By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:29, 10 March 2024   |  Updated:  19:31, 10 March 2024   
 4
View  comments
RVDK designer Ronald van der Kemp has dressed some of the biggest A-list celebrities in the decade since he founded his self-titled sustainable fashion brand, but there's only one who always pays full price for his couture creations.
The Dutch 59-year-old dished on the February 15th episode of Mosha Lundström Halbert's podcast NEWSFASH: 'Céline Dion I must say, she's my hero. She's the only artist that pays full couture prices when she wants something.'
Ronald has been dressing the five-time Grammy winner - who's celebrating her 56th birthday on March 30 - in his one-of-a-kind pieces for at least as far back as 2017.
'Céline Dion came to my show. She bought three dresses,' Van der Kemp recalled of their first in-person meeting.
'She held my hand. She looked at me and she said, "You're such an artist!" And I look at her and I say, "Well, coming from you, I don't know what to say. You're the artist!" And she said, "No, no, no. I really respect what you do. And you deserve, you know, to be paid as I get paid.'
RVDK designer Ronald van der Kemp has dressed some of the biggest A-list celebrities including Lady Gaga, Celine Dion, Katy Perry, Gigi Hadid and Zendaya in the decade since he founded his self-titled sustainable fashion brand. He revealed Celine is the only one who always pays full price for his couture creations
The couturier continued: '[She's] a good example, I think, for all the stars out there to see, you know, how good people do it - people with good ethics, you know?'
Céline - who made headlines in 1999 for her John Galliano reverse tuxedo at the Oscars - wore RVDK's hand-tailored smoking jacket with yellow organza ruffled-puff skirt to his Paris Fashion Week show in 2019.
Later that same year, Dion donned RVDK's upcycled denim hand-tailored smoking jacket with matching tie and hand-pleated denim trousers for an appearance on Bravo's boozy talk show Watch What Happens Live.
The Love Again singer was last publicly seen February 4 wearing Valentino for a surprise appearance at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards where she presented the trophy for album of the year to Taylor Swift.
Céline has spent the past two years focusing on her health amid her battle with stiff-person syndrome, a neurological disorder affecting her muscles, on 'the road to resuming my performing career.'
On January 30, Dion announced Irene Taylor's documentary I Am: Celine Dion, which is about how she learned to live with and manage the little-known condition, will soon be released globally on Amazon Prime Video.
In 2019, Ronald created a bespoke RVDK sustainable suit for former FLOTUS Michelle Obama, which she wore onstage during her Becoming book launch in Amsterdam.
That same year, Van der Kemp dressed Oscar winner Emma Stone in a RVDK black cut-out gown for her promo shoot for NBC's Saturday Night Live.
The Dutch 59-year-old dished on the February 15th episode of Mosha Lundström Halbert's podcast NEWSFASH: 'Céline Dion I must say, she's my hero. She's the only artist that pays full couture prices when she wants something'
Ronald has been dressing the five-time Grammy winner - who's celebrating her 56th birthday on March 30 - in his one-of-a-kind pieces for at least as far back as 2017 (pictured in 2019)
Van der Kemp recalled of their first in-person meeting: 'Céline Dion came to my show. She bought three dresses' (pictured in 2019)
The couturier continued: 'She held my hand. She looked at me and she said, "You're such an artist!" And I look at her and I say, "Well, coming from you, I don't know what to say. You're the artist!" And she said, "No, no, no. I really respect what you do. And you deserve, you know, to be paid as I get paid' (pictured in 2019)
Ronald added: '[She's] a good example, I think, for all the stars out there to see, you know, how good people do it - people with good ethics, you know?'
Céline - who made headlines in 1999 for her John Galliano reverse tuxedo at the Oscars - wore RVDK's hand-tailored smoking jacket with yellow organza ruffled-puff skirt to his Paris Fashion Week show in 2019 
Later that same year, Dion donned RVDK's upcycled denim hand-tailored smoking jacket with matching tie and hand-pleated denim trousers for an appearance on Bravo's boozy talk show Watch What Happens Live 
The Love Again singer was last publicly seen February 4 wearing Valentino for a surprise appearance at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards where she presented the trophy for album of the year to Taylor Swift (R)
Céline has spent the past two years focusing on her health amid her battle with stiff-person syndrome, a neurological disorder affecting her muscles, on 'the road to resuming my performing career'
On January 30, Dion announced Irene Taylor's documentary I Am: Celine Dion, which is about how she learned to live with and manage the little-known condition, will soon be released globally on Amazon Prime Video
Also in 2019, the former Barneys tastemaker created a custom RVDK b&w polka dot gown and matching boater hat for 13-time Grammy nominee Katy Perry to wear for the 17th season finale of ABC's American Idol.
Ronald created the color-block black blazer and pants worn by two-time Emmy winner Zendaya at Claridges and Vogue House in London in 2017.
In 2018, Van der Kemp dressed IMG Model Gigi Hadid in a bright orange RVDK silk blouse and lace pant for a Vogue promo tour in Manhattan.
The former Michael Kors staffer has managed to dominate NBC's The Voice, having dressed coaches Gwen Stefani, Alicia Keys, and Camila Cabello.
In 2018, Ronald put Grammy winner Cardi B in a cleavage-framing RVDK mini-gown from his wardrobe three collection, which she wore at the MTV Video Music Awards in Manhattan.
Van der Kemp dressed AHS: Delicate actress Cara Delevingne in a RVDK deconstructed tuxedo for the 93rd Academy Awards in 2021, which she attended with Paris Jackson.
In 2018, Golden Globe winner Lena Dunham wore a gilded Elizabethan-inspired RVDK gown to the Met Gala's Heavenly Bodies-themed ball in Manhattan.
Harry Potter alum Emma Watson wore a frill-sleeved black RVDK gown as a Time's Up protest while enjoying a mini-reunion with former co-star Robert Pattinson at the 75th Golden Globe Awards in 2018.
Other celebrities to have donned RVDK include Tessa Thompson, Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid, Billy Porter, Lily Collins, Ellie Goulding, Rita Ora, Elle Fanning, Olivia Culpo, Priyanka Chopra, Heidi Klum, Alessandra Ambrosio, Mandy Moore, Laura Dern, Naomi Campbell, Karlie Kloss, Kate Moss, and Vanessa Hudgens.
In 2019, Ronald created a bespoke RVDK sustainable suit for former FLOTUS Michelle Obama, which she wore onstage during her Becoming book launch in Amsterdam
That same year, Van der Kemp dressed Oscar winner Emma Stone in a RVDK black cut-out gown for her promo shoot for NBC's Saturday Night Live
Also in 2019, the former Barneys tastemaker created a custom RVDK b&w polka dot gown and matching boater hat for 13-time Grammy nominee Katy Perry to wear for the 17th season finale of ABC's American Idol
Ronald created the color-block black blazer and pants worn by two-time Emmy winner Zendaya at Claridges and Vogue House in London in 2017
In 2018, Van der Kemp dressed IMG Model Gigi Hadid in a bright orange RVDK silk blouse and lace pant for a Vogue promo tour in Manhattan
The former Michael Kors staffer has managed to dominate NBC's The Voice, having dressed coaches Gwen Stefani (L), Alicia Keys (R), and Camila Cabello
In 2018, Ronald put Grammy winner Cardi B in a cleavage-framing RVDK mini-gown from his wardrobe three collection, which she wore at the MTV Video Music Awards in Manhattan
Van der Kemp dressed AHS: Delicate actress Cara Delevingne (R) in a RVDK deconstructed tuxedo for the 93rd Academy Awards in 2021, which she attended with Paris Jackson (L)
In 2018, Golden Globe winner Lena Dunham wore a gilded Elizabethan-inspired RVDK gown to the Met Gala's Heavenly Bodies-themed ball in Manhattan
Harry Potter alum Emma Watson (L) wore a frill-sleeved black RVDK gown as a Time's Up protest while enjoying a mini-reunion with former co-star Robert Pattinson (R) at the 75th Golden Globe Awards in 2018
Lady Gaga performed in a RVDK blue skirt suit with Elton John live on the Sunset Strip in 2016 
Other celebrities to have donned RVDK include Tessa Thompson (pictured in 2019), Kendall Jenner, Bella Hadid, Billy Porter, Lily Collins, Ellie Goulding, Rita Ora, Elle Fanning, Olivia Culpo, Priyanka Chopra, Heidi Klum, Alessandra Ambrosio, Mandy Moore, Laura Dern, Naomi Campbell, Karlie Kloss, Kate Moss, and Vanessa Hudgens

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group