The Rolling Stones perform at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, NJ on Thursday, May 23, 2024.Al Mannarino | For NJ Advance Media
The first time The Rolling Stones played New Jersey, they were invincible.
As Mick, Keith and crew rolled into Newark’s Symphony Hall in November 1965, for a pair of afternoon shows amid their fourth American tour, not only was “Get Off of My Cloud” gleaming atop the Billboard Hot 100 chart, but they’d just come off a monster summer — “(I Can’t Get No) Satisfaction” was the song of the season, notching the band’s first U.S. No. 1 single. Its corresponding album, “Out of Our Heads,” had also recently become the Stones’ first American No. 1 album.
The cost to see the hottest band on Earth (not called the Beatles) in ‘65? Just $4.50 for front row seats. Amid the crowd was future E Street Band drummer Max Weinberg, 14 years old.
The Stones played only a nine-song, 25-minute set, covering Chuck Berry, Solomon Burke and the Crickets before closing with “Satisfaction.” They were paid $30,000 (about $300,000 in 2024 buying power) — an unmatched payday for such short sets, one of which ended abruptly as fans rushed the front and at least one young woman broke through the security line and got on stage.
Flash forward nearly 60 years and no rowdy supporters disrupted the Stones’ latest Garden State romp, as they jammed for around 55,000 fans at MetLife Stadium Thursday night.
The Rolling Stones perform at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, NJ on Thursday, May 23, 2024.Al Mannarino | For NJ Advance Media
The hit-laden performance, the first of two nights in the Meadowlands (second gig is Sunday), was part of their new “Hackney Diamonds” tour, supporting the pulse-pounding 2023 album of the same name — the band’s first LP of original music in 18 years, a vibrant wallop of modern rock. In step, the enormous stage often appeared to be carved from jewels, the band’s classic tongue-wagging logo redrawn to be sculpted from rubies and platinum on the JumboTrons.
While Jagger and Richards, the band’s only remaining original members after drummer Charlie Watts’ death in 2021, are now both 80 years old, it seems they’re still sipping some elixir of eternal rock n’ roll fervor — especially Jagger, who was requisitely cheeky and energized in his emerald, shimmering jacket, all struts, skips, hips, lips and arms outstretched, pointing to all corners of the cavernous venue.
The Rolling Stones perform at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, NJ on Thursday, May 23, 2024.Al Mannarino | For NJ Advance Media
At one point, during “Honky Tonk Woman,” Jagger took off from one end of the center catwalk that bisected the floor and ran — not jogged, ran — the 30 yards or so back to the main stage. He obviously maintains terrific physical shape, but this display seemed nearly inhuman. His vocals were sharp, too, perhaps a benefit of his half-shouted singing style; a more technical singer may show more cracks after seven decades on stage.
Richards was more statuesque, strumming his generation-defining bluesy riffs from his post in front of the drum kit, usually beside the band’s next-longest tenured member, guitarist Ronnie Wood, 76. Richards perked up a bit for a pair of songs where he sang lead (giving Jagger a break): “You Got the Silver” and “Little T&A,” the latter he prefaced with “I haven’t the faintest idea what it’s about — and I wrote it!”
The Rolling Stones perform at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, NJ on Thursday, May 23, 2024.Al Mannarino | For NJ Advance Media
Jagger didn’t speak much to the crowd — a few stories of Jersey shows of yore would’ve been welcomed, especially the band’s iconic night at the Capitol Theatre in Passaic in 1978. Though he did mention the band’s last visit to MetLife, on the No Filter Tour in 2019, and a minor culinary uproar he caused.
From 2019: When the Rolling Stones at Taylor Ham at a N.J. diner
“The last time we were here I mentioned I’d been to this diner called the Tick Tock Diner in Clifton and so, on the way to the show I stopped in there and I found out they got a new sandwich and it’s called the Mick Jagger,” he quipped. “I’ve never had a f------ sandwich named after me before, so I am very, very proud and me, Keith and Ronnie are going to eat it after the show.”
(Jagger or the band did not visit the diner Thursday, a worker from Tick Tock Diner confirmed to NJ Advance Media Friday).
Jagger also made a political joke, noting how he was worried about the weather for the outdoor show: “I thought we were gonna get a bit of a Stormy Daniels but we’re alright,” he jabbed to laughs. Earlier, as the band announced the fan-voted song of the night would be “Wild Horses,” he urged “there’s a much bigger vote happening in November.”
Otherwise this was largely standard Stones show, anchored by titanic singalongs to “Tumbling Dice,” “You Can’t Always Get What You Want” and “Sympathy for the Devil,” the latter including some dynamic visuals with snakes slithering across ancient stone columns engraved with hieroglyphics on the big screens. The night’s lone tour debut was a jaunty reintroduction to “Shattered,” off “Some Girls.”
A post shared by Bobby Olivier (@bobbyolivier)
Three new tracks were worked in, the best being the explosive and very catchy lead single “Angry,” and the more nuanced “Sweet Sounds of Heaven,” recorded as a duet with Lady Gaga. Backing vocalist Chanel Haynes took Gaga’s verses and sent them sky-high, likely rattling the cabins of planes flying overhead. Haynes, who previously starred in the West End’s Tina Tuna musical, was a terrific force playing off Jagger and injecting some relative youth (she’s 45) on “Gimme Shelter,” where her vocal solo was a volcanic, wide-eyed highlight.
A post shared by Bobby Olivier (@bobbyolivier)
It’s easy to wonder when the Stones might call it quits, considering their age, but after Thursday’s propulsive affair, which allowed their graying fans to recapture a bit of their own adolescence, this felt nothing like a farewell tour.
And none should be so eager to remove one of the biggest rock stars of all time from his podium. A lifetime later, he’s still bulletproof.
Editor’s note: This story has been updated to include information about Jagger’s alleged New Jersey diner visit.
May 23, 2024 — MetLife Stadium, East Rutherford, N.J.
Encore:
Bobby Olivier may be reached at bolivier@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @BobbyOlivier and Facebook.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices