Hung Up on Boston.
Madonna apologized to concertgoers in Toronto after she mistakenly said she was in Boston – not the Canadian city – during the latest stop of her “Celebration” tour.
The Queen of Pop began her show on Friday by exclaiming to her fans, “Are you ready, Boston?” before acknowledging her mistake and correcting herself.
“Are you guys mad at me ’cause I said ‘Hello, Boston?’ I’m sorry. What kind of f–ked up s–t is that?” she told fans, as seen in a TikTok video captured by a concertgoer.
Madonna owned up to the slip-up and compared it to if fans were to say, “Hey, Lady Gaga’s playing tonight!”
“I wouldn’t like that,” she admitted. “I mean, you know, nothing against Lady Gaga. Love her. I do! I love anyone shorter than me.”
The “Vogue” songstress made the blunder on the second night at Scotiabank Arena as part of her ongoing tour. 
Prior to her first show in Toronto on Thursday, Madonna, 65, sang for two nights in Boston.
Madonna began her biggest hits tour in October 2023 with four performances in London. She then made her way through Europe before circling back to London, where she finished the European leg of her tour in December 2023.
#fyp #foryourpage #trending #madonna #celebrationtour #madonnamusic #madonnatotonto #ladygaga 
The “A League of Their Own” actress took just a week off before kicking off her North American leg in New York City on Dec. 13.
Madonna announced her worldwide tour in January 2023 to honor hitting four decades in the music industry.
The tour was set to begin in July of last year, but she had to postpone her tour after she was hospitalized for a “serious bacterial infection.”
Page Six broke the news that Madonna was rushed to a hospital in New York City and was intubated for at least one night back in June.
The Grammy winner’s manager, Guy Oseary, later shared that she had “developed a serious bacterial infection which led to a several day stay in the ICU.”
For more Page Six you love…
Madonna eventually recovered and was able to hit the road for her tour just three months after the health scare.
Shortly after embarking on her international tour, Madonna said that it’s a “f–king miracle that I’m here right now.”
“Less than four months ago, I was in a hospital and I was unconscious, and people were thinking, predicting that I might not make it,” she said in Belgium in October 2023.
“I was given another chance,” she continued. “So I’m very grateful for that.”
Madonna reiterated that message at one of her New York City stops last month, adding, “I passed out on my bathroom floor and I woke up in the ICU.”
Advertisement