Manage your account
Warner Bros.
A version of this story first appeared in the October 2024 issue of Los Angeles magazine, on newsstands now. See more events in our Weekend Guide and in our expansive guide to Halloween in L.A. 
Joker: Folie à Deux - Oct. 4Joaquin Phoenix once again slathers on the face paint and the terror for this sweeping epic about urban decay and mental illness in Gotham City — this time as a musical, with Lady Gaga as girlfriend and co-conspirator Harley Quinn. Nicole Byer - Oct. 4We loved the ebullience Byer exhibited on Nailed It!, her hit show about cake failures on Netflix, as well as on RuPaul’s Drag Race and Big Beautiful Weirdo, her Netflix comedy special. Catch her in Beverly Hills at the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts. L.A. Loves Alex’s Lemonade - Oct. 5Alexandra “Alex” Scott spent half her short life raising money for childhood cancer research starting with a lemonade stand. The charity she founded continues her good work with a delicious fundraiser on the Royce Quad at UCLA, featuring bites from chefs including Giada De Laurentiis, Adam Perry Lang and Ludo Lefebvre.
Veuve Clicquot
Veuve Clicquot Polo Classic - Oct. 5Champagne, horses and high fashion take to L.A.’s last great polo field, where Walt Disney and Will Rogers played in the 1930s. Veuve Clicquot’s match — back for the first time since 2021 — will be joined by a one-day traveling exhibition commemorating 250 years of the Champagne purveyor.
20th Century Fox
Color in Motion - Oct. 6- July 13The Academy Museum's new exhibit explores the role of color in film, with a look at how technological advancements have improved and enhanced the cinematic experience and at how different filmmakers use it as a storytelling tool. Also, don't miss the museum's other new presentation centered around futurism in "Cyberpunk: Envisioning Possible Futures Through Cinema" with production materials, costumes, props, and concept art from movies like Blade Runner and The Matrix. 
Rodeo Drive Celebrates Timepieces & Fine Jewelry - Oct. 7-13
The Rodeo Drive Committee, in collaboration with the City of Beverly Hills, is hosting a second annual event spotlighting some of Rodeo Drive’s most beloved luxury brands (like Bvlgari, Rolex, Patek Philippe, Mikimoto and Vacheron Constantin) as well as the recent Richard Orlinski x Rodeo Drive exhibition. Penn & Teller - Oct. 8America’s most ubiquitous magic team has become the longest-running headlining act in Las Vegas history. After cementing their status everywhere from Broadway to The Simpsons, Penn & Teller bring their tricks to Yamaava, a desert casino a bit closer to home. 
Piece by Piece - Oct. 11Fifty years of Pharrell plays out in this new animated biopic from Oscar-winning filmmaker Morgan Neville. The life of the hip hop pop star behind “Happy” is told through 3-D Lego animation including friends and collaborators Snoop Dogg, Gwen Stefani and Justin Timberlake.Swan Lake - Oct. 12-20One of the most famous ballets in history was a flop in its original run, according to the brother of famed composer Tchaikovsky, because of the low-budget costumes and sets. This new production boasts elaborate scenery and wardrobe handmade by some of Europe’s finest craftsmen and dancers from around the world.paceballet.org
Petra Collins
Charli XCX & Troye Sivan Present: Sweat - Oct. 15-16Blown up by social media, the Brit and Aussie pop stars team up for their first arena shows in the U.S. Both have been in high gear with their albums Brat and Something to Give Each Other each debuting on the Billboard top 40.Life Is a Carnival: A Musical Celebration of Robbie Robertson - Oct. 17The late music legend is honored at the Forum with icons including Eric Clapton, Mavis Staples and Elvis Costello paying tribute. Martin Scorsese — who used Robertson’s music in the soundtracks for Raging Bull, Casino and Killers of the Flower Moon — is producing the event.
Courtesy Black Lodge
Black Lodge - Oct. 19Spooky and surreal beat poet William S. Burroughs inspired this live to film concert by composer David T. Little. Audacious opera rock star Timur brings the Grammy-nominated soundtrack to glorious life, taking us into a dark dream playing out inside the United Theater — Downtown’s most gothic movie palace.
Photo by Kevin Nelson
Anaheim Fall Festival and Halloween Parade - Oct. 26
Featuring enormous whimsical floats, kids in homemade costumes and a pet parade, this 100-year-old tradition brings 50,000 people to the streets to cheer on the Rocket Witch and the Flying Sasser.Chrysalis Butterfly Ball - Oct. 26More than 85,000 formerly homeless Angelenos have found a job through the non-profit Chrysalis. This 40th anniversary gala at the Petersen Automotive Museum will raise funds to expand its service centers, which cover Santa Monica to the Inland Empire.
© 2024 Robert Rauschenberg Foundation / Licensed by VAGA at Artists Rights Society (ARS), NY
Plugged In: Art and Electric Light - through Fed. 17Turn out the lights, flip on the ultraviolets and a silkscreened nude emerges from Andy Warhol’s “White Painting” (1964). As part of the Getty’s PST Art initiative, the Norton Simon Museum presents 11 pieces from the 1960s powered by various forms of illumination.