By KIRSTY MCCORMACK FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:28, 25 November 2024   |  Updated:  18:28, 25 November 2024   
 117
View  comments
An original cast member of the hit Broadway musical Hamilton has revealed how much money he earned per week before the show hit the big time in New York City.
Twisters star Anthony Ramos sat down with Vivian Tu, also known as Your Rich BFF, and was more than happy to talk all things finances as she asked him: 'What was it like getting that first Hamilton paycheck?'
'Yo, it was nice,' the 33-year-old actor replied, before adding: 'Well, no, no, actually it wasn't because we were Off-Broadway and I was making like $420 a week.
'You get paid better on Broadway, but even on Broadway it can still be tough. If you're an ensemble member, you're a chorus member, you're probably making like $1,800 a week,' Anthony, who was criticized earlier this year for staying silent over a Ariana DeBose joke at the Critics Choice Awards, continued.
'But they're paying their agent, 10 per cent to the agent, 10 per cent to the manager, 20 per cent of the top and then in New York you're paying, 30 per cent, 40 per cent tax.'
He then added: 'If you're not smart with your money, you're beat! You know what I'm saying? You're beat!'
Many Instagram users were quick to comment on the post and praise the actor, who originated the dual roles of John Laurens and Philip Hamilton, the oldest son of Alexander Hamilton when the show opened Off-Broadway in early 2015.
'Anthony is a New Yorker thru and thru (sic). Solid head on his shoulders and seems really down to earth,' one person commented.
Anthony Ramos has revealed he earned just $420 a week when he first starred in Hamilton in 2015
Hamilton opened Off-Broadway in early 2015, with Anthony (pictured in 2016) originating the dual roles of John Laurens and Philip Hamilton
'I love this man,' a second wrote, while a third said: 'Awhhhh i love [Anthony] such a bada** a real (sic)!' 
A fourth posted: 'That breakdown is helpful. A lot of people hear the number and don’t realize that’s not what ends up in your pocket.' 
Someone else added: 'So few people realize that any actor or director immediately loses up to 50% of their paycheck BEFORE taxes.'
A different Instagram user said: 'Thank you for this! I teach a business of acting class at DePaul and I find it essential young actors understand the economics of it so they can be empowered to make smarter financial decisions. Sending this to ALL my students.' 
'Very few make it in the arts, any art but if you are going to go for it, you have to be fearless, which is what he was,' one person added. 
Hamilton moved to Broadway on July 13, 2015, in previews, and opened on August 6, 2015.
Anthony left the production on November 20, 2016 being replaced by Jordan Fisher.
Anthony Ramos with the cast of Hamilton onstage at the Grammy Awards in February 2016
Vivian Tu, also known as Your Rich BFF, was keen to ask Anthony about how much he used to earn
A post shared by Vivian Tu | Your Rich BFF (@your.richbff)
He has since gone on to star in various movies, including 2018's A Star Is Born, which starred Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga, Godzilla: King of the Monsters, Transformers: Rise of the Beasts, and most recently, Twisters.
Anthony has also enjoyed various TV roles in series such as Will & Grace, She's Gotta Have It, In Treatment, and the upcoming Disney+ show Ironheart. 
His last theatre performance was playing Usnavi de la Vega in 2018's In the Heights.
He is also set to portray Mozart in the upcoming play Amadeus, which is set to announce a start date.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group