By Milt Harris ——Bio and Archives--November 18, 2024
American Politics, News |  CFP Comments | Reader Friendly | Subscribe | Email Us
You’ve probably heard about the Kamala Harris Campaign financing debacle by now. This was the person who wanted to control the purse strings for the entire nation, and it’s obvious she can’t even balance a checkbook. 
Harris’s campaign raised a billion dollars, which proves that there are a lot of delusional people out there. She was clearly the most inadequate candidate in U.S. presidential campaign history. Then, after deservedly losing in a landslide, word started to leak about how her campaign had mismanaged those funds. Spending outlandish amounts on Hollywood elites while ignoring everything else, even her own campaign workers. 
Harris orchestrated seven swing-state concerts on election eve, featuring performances by Jon Bon Jovi in Detroit, Christina Aguilera in Las Vegas, Katy Perry in Pittsburgh, and Lady Gaga in Philadelphia. Two Chainz joined Harris on Nov. 2, three days before the election, for an eighth concert in Atlanta. She loves acting like she is something special, hobnobbing with celebrities, even though she has been handed everything throughout her entire political career.
It should be noted that Harris evaporated all billion dollars in just three months. That is an unheard-of amount of fiscal irresponsibility, and as bad as the waste is, even more bad news is emerging.
According to an Associated Press report, the campaign has decided to halt payments to its senior staff this week despite earlier promises to keep them on the payroll through December.
According to sources familiar with the campaign, staff members who were notified about the payment cuts were informed that their health insurance would remain in effect through the end of the year.
There is no defense to a campaign that burns through a billion dollars in three months and cannot pay the senior staff.  Harris is an irresponsible pretender who never had a chance to win this election and decided to live it up for as long as it lasted.
She is the epitome of the radical left and their mantra of “Do what I say, not what I do,” or more frankly stated, “Rules are for thee, but not for me.”
Still, it gets worse. We now know that Harris had her nails done by someone named Tahvya Krok, who is, of course, a Hollywood favorite. The unbelievable part is that Harris paid $5,000 for her nails to be done.
You heard that correctly; Harris, in all of her soul-deep arrogance, paid $5,000, or $500 per nail, during a presidential campaign when Democrats were claiming to be the party of the people. That is more than five months' worth of groceries for the average American family, yet Harris is such a prima donna she thought nothing of indulging herself at the expense of her staff and donors.
Harris has proven that she is not only the worst vice president in history, she is also the worst presidential candidate and quite possibly the most disgusting prima donna in modern American politics.
Her loss in the election was fulfilled destiny. God has different plans for this country. One candidate survived two assassination attempts, while the other blew through a billion dollars hanging out with celebrities and getting $5,000 manicures.
Our country is better than Kamala Harris, and we made that clear on election night.
View Comments
Milt spent thirty years as a sales and operations manager for an international manufacturing company. He is also a four-time published author on a variety of subjects. Now, he spends most of his time researching and writing about conservative politics and liberal folly.
Link, Bookmark, Share, Subscribe, Donate
Pursuant to Title 17 U.S.C. 107, other copyrighted work is provided for educational purposes, research, critical comment, or debate without profit or payment. If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for your own purposes beyond the 'fair use' exception, you must obtain permission from the copyright owner. Views are those of authors and not necessarily those of Canada Free Press.
Content is Copyright 1997-2024--the individual authors | Site Copyright 1997-2024 Canada Free Press | Privacy Statement