Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The one where you save big on your future vacation.

							By 

	Danielle Directo-Meston

E-Commerce Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	In “the one where you and your BFFs go on a surprise vacation,” Southwest is toasting the 30th anniversary of Friends with one of its best flight deals — but the clock is ticking to save on your next adventure. (Might we suggest Las Vegas, home of the soon-to-open official Friends Experience?)

	Book at Southwest.com by Sept. 26, 2024 and save up to 30 percent off base fares with the code FRIENDS on flights between Oct. 24, 2024 and Jan. 31, 2025. Those who fly in September can also binge-watch the most popular episodes of the Warner Bros. Discovery TV series on Southwest’s in-flight entertainment portal. (Friends is currently streaming on Max.)

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Celebrity Stylists Love T3's Hair Tools -- But This Is Really Why the New Aire IQ Smart Hair Dryer Is Worth Buying		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Battle of the Summer Beauty Sales: 10 Hollywood-Coveted Products to Buy at Walmart Over Amazon		
			








Related: The Best Friends Merch for Celebrating The Beloved Series’ 30th Anniversary

	The airline recently treated Los Angeles-bound travelers to a show-inspired experience, complete with onboard trivia and Friends merch prizes including Central Perk aprons, coffee table books, Warner Bros. Studio tours, accessories and more.

Friends premiered on Sept. 22, 1994, and made household names out of stars Jennifer Aniston (who played Rachel Green), Courteney Cox (Monica Geller), Lisa Kudrow (Phoebe Buffay), David Schwimmer (Ross Geller), Matt LeBlanc (Joey Tribiani) and the late Matthew Perry (Chandler Bing), who died in 2023. The series ran for 10 seasons and earned six Emmys — including best comedy series, best actress for Aniston, best supporting actress for Kudrow and best guest actors for Bruce Willis and Christina Applegate in the category — and Warner Bros. Discovery released a reunion special in 2021 that featured the original gang as well as guest stars David Beckham, Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga and Kit Harington.

Related: Hollywood-Loved Brand Timex Debuts New Pan Am Watch Collection

	Shop more of the best Friends merch below, and get Southwest’s travel deal through Sept. 26 with code FRIENDS at Southwest Airlines’ website.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.