We’re currently living through a freaky shoe renaissance. Toes are split, platforms are high, and heels are anything but conventional. Jennifer Lopez is the latest celebrity to join the ranks of freaky shoe enthusiasts—Lady Gaga, Kylie Jenner, Jennifer Lawrence, and Emily Ratajkowski among them. But Lopez isn’t here to play. Today in London, she proved she’s vying for the freaky shoe crown.
Lopez brought a Jackie O-esque look to the London photocall for her latest film, Unstoppable. Straight from Maria Grazia Chiuri’s fall 2024 collection for Dior, JLo wore a white double-breasted coat dress over a black turtleneck. As not to leave any doubt about what she was wearing, she accessorized with a large-brimmed black hat outfitted with a tonal logo ribbon (wisely swapping out the runway look’s fedora) and carried a black Lady Dior bag.
Christian Dior fall 2024
Christian Dior fall 2024
Lopez shook up her buttoned-up, ladylike look with her shoes. While they looked like perfectly standard black patent leather knee-high boots from the front, these funky shoes most certainly brought the party in the back. In place of a traditional heel, the mule boot featured a gold ball, and the open back of her leg was secured with five straps.
While we’re nearing the finish line for the race for the weirdest shoe of 2024, we’ve got a late-breaking frontrunner. In her mullet-esque boots, Jennifer Lopez may have just worn the freakiest shoe we’ve seen in recent memory.
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty