Beyoncé is 10 days from dropping Act II: Cowboy Carter.
The artist wrote on Instagram on Tuesday that the album had been "five years in the making." She became the first Black woman to have a number one single with Texas Hold 'Em in the Hot Country Songs chart. She wrote: "My hope is that years from now, the mention of an artist’s race, as it relates to releasing genres of music, will be irrelevant."
She revealed that this album was made out of an experience she has years ago where she did not feel welcomed. She wrote: "But, because of that experience, I did a deeper dive into the history of Country music and studied our rich musical archive. It feels good to see how music can unite so many people around the world, while also amplifying the voices of some of the people who have dedicated so much of their lives educating on our musical history."
She also teased that there would be "surprises." Because of this, fans are theorising that there will be some collaboritaes, and Swifties believe their favorite is one of them.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
READ MORE: Beyonce's album Cowboy Carter explained: Everything we know about her upcoming country album
They wrote on X, formerly known as Twitter, their speculation. One person wrote: "Beyoncé Feat. Taylor Swift i can see it." Another person wrote: "beyoncé x taylor swift is coming... let me manifest." Others on X believe that she will not only feature Taylor but Bruno Mars, Lady Gaga, Miley Cyrus and Dolly Parton.
These speculations come after Beyoncé wrote on the Instagram post that she has collaborated with "some brilliant artists." She said this album forced her to "propel past limitations" that were put on her and is a blend of genres. She hopes fans could hear her heart, soul and "all the love and passion" that she "poured into every detail and every sound."
Both Beyoncé and Taylor Swift celebrated each other's movie release as they attended each other's premieres. This raised fans eyebrows but some did not think too much about it since they both were on tour and have one of the biggest fan bases in the world. But now, some are starting to put the pieces together.
According to TMZ, Killah B, who helped produce the beat for Texas Hold 'Em, was asked if there was a possibility the BeyHive would see Taylor on the record, which he did not straight up deny at the time.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.