Fortnite Festival Season 4 has arrived with legendary thrash icons Metallica headlining the latest season of the game mode. The new Festival Pass will let you nab all four members of the band as skins too.
We've got a brand new season of Fortnite Festival, which launched alongside update 30.10 today. Billie Eilish has left the game and – just as the Fortnite Roadmap leak foretold – we're now in Fortnite x Metallica country. Except, unlike previous Fortnite Festival headliners such as Lady Gaga or The Weeknd, Metallica is arriving in every single one of Fortnite's main modes in some form or another. But that doesn't mean we don't have a regular old Festival Pass too!
The Metallica Fortnite Festival pass has less songs than previous passes unfortunately – three Epic Games originals and one by Metallica (that being One by Metallica, fittingly) – but it (sort of) makes up for it by including four Skins, with James Hetfield, Lars Ulrich, Kirk Hammett, and Robert Trujillo all getting the Fortnite treatment. Although there are no former members included, so don't expect Dave Mustaine, Cliff Burton, or Hulk Hogan (if you know, you know) this season.
Epic confirmed all of these details in the Fortnite Festival Season 4 blog on the Fortnite News website. But we've got the info you'll be looking for below.
As always, the Metallica Fortnite Festival Pass is split into two tracks – 'Free' and 'Premium' – with everyone able to earn the items in the former, meanwhile, paying 1,800 V-Bucks grants you access to the premium rewards track, and automatically unlocks the Lars Ulrich Skin. The Metallica Fortnite Festival Pass will remain available until August 16, 2024.
The items in both passes unlock at the same time, so if you complete the Free track and then decide to pay for Premium you'll instantly unlock everything, it's probably worth trying to complete it (or at least get to the level of the items you want) first before buying the Premium track. Epic has also confirmed that the The Metallica Festival Pass’ free reward track items and Premium Reward Track items are not exclusive to the Pass, and they may become purchasable in the Fortnite Item Shop at a later date.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.