Hardwood Paroxysm
All Latest News For You!
“IMMORTAL, Un cant a la vida” is the new musical by Cor de l'Orfeó Lleidatà which will premiere on April 27 at the Teatre de la Llotja with luxury partner, the Institute's Professional Dance Institute at the Teatre de Barcelona.  This will be the first time that the Repertory Dance Training Center of Catalonia will perform at Teatre de La Llotja in a production that integrates choral singing and contemporary dance.
Originally created by Pol Pastor, “IMMORTAL” transforms the classical structure of the Mass to make it more accessible to the laity.  The show magically combines singing, music and dance with a wide range of acts spanning all eras and styles.  From medieval classics such as The Sibyl's Song to Lady Gaga's latest music, through parts of some of the most famous and shocking Masses such as those of Mozart, Fauré or Lloyd Webber.  A unique experience to enjoy an amazing musical and visual journey full of beauty.
There will be more than one hundred and fifty people on stage with about one hundred singers and fifty dancers, in collaboration with Cor de l'Orfeó Lleidatà, in collaboration with Cor Jove, the body of dancers of the Professional Dance Conservatory, as well as accompanied by a classical orchestra and a modern group.  The stage direction is from Dani Koma, who premiered last year at Teatre de la Llotja where he directed the show “Mare Terra” and the recent Christmas Carols and Songs, Emily Gutierrez is the choreography project coordinator and the musical direction will be in charge of the stage.  Honorary Director of Cor de l'Orfeó Lleidatà, Paul Pasteur.
Immortal, a song in life
Saturday, April 27, 2024 at 8 pm – Teatre de la Llotja
Tickets: 25 euros general / 22.5 euros for friends of Llotja / 18 euros for groups / 12 euros for youth seats
Orfeó Lleidatà Choir
Professional Dance Institute of the Barcelona Theater Institute
String Quintet, Modern Narrative and Youth Choir in Orfeó Lleidatà
Choreographic project coordination: Emily Gutierrez
Choreography: Natalie Lapiano, Claudie Bombardo, Susana Rodriguez, and Natalia Viñas
Theatrical design and direction: Danny Koma
Original idea and musical direction: Paul Pasteur
“Professional web ninja. Certified gamer. Avid zombie geek. Hipster-friendly baconaholic.”
Surprise guest of the sixth episode of the programFamous Island. Director Roberto Sensi attended someone very special during Monday night’s live broadcast of the Ilary Blasey. It was just a small shot that was enough to send social networks into a frenzy. Isola, live May 22: Nikita Bellizzone and Aldo Montano arrive. A quick teleplay […]
Those of Barbara Dorso are the days of fear. In fact, the famous Mediaset presenter had to take in a private guard because she feared for her safety. The situation is very serious, let’s see what happens. Barbara Dorso He is a familiar face to Mediaset: the anchor is always smiling, sunny, and presents afternoons […]
Actress Susan Buckner, who played Patty Simcox in “Grease,” has died.file American actress Susan Buckner, Who gave life Patty Simcox In the movie ‘fat’, She died on May 2 surrounded by her “loved ones,” the actress’ publicist told CNN on Tuesday. The causes of the artist and dancer’s death have not been confirmed, and her […]
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.