e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
As soon as fans stepped through the air-conditioned doors mid-afternoon to the Honky Tonk stage at the 16th annual Stagecoach Country Music Festival, the atmosphere was alive and well with the rhythm of two-stepping, line dancing, and cha-cha sliding, moves that are a must for anyone attending.
The juxtaposition of country dance moves set to EDM and pop tracks, with DJ Slim McGraw manning the decks on Friday, April 26, to tunes like “What’s Poppin” by rap sensation Jack Harlow or the hit “Rain On Me” by Lady Gaga might strike some as odd amid the sea of cowboy hats and boots. However, for the majority of attendees, it’s a seamless fusion.
“This is one of my favorite things about Stagecoach and why we wanted to come back this year,” shared Lucy Ranger, who drove from Sedona, Arizona, as she made her way out from the two-step crowd being taught by a squad of instructors on the dance floor. “It’s a perfect compromise between my partner, who’s a huge electronic music fan, and me, who loves country. The two worlds make sense.”
At the forefront of curating a fresh blend of electronic music and DJs is none other than Diplo, a longtime collaborator and Late Night in Palomino performer. Known for his EDM star power, Diplo is known to bring friends and familiar faces to the stage, and this year is no different.
Kicking off the Honky Tonk party on Friday were Alana Grace, Cheat Grace, Cheat Codes, Dillon Francis B2B Ship Wreck, Honky Tonkin’ in Queens and DJ Famous Dave. Taking over on Saturday, April 27, is DJ 30Rack, DJ Kevin Bolt, Y.o.g.a, The Chainsmokers, Brandi Cyrus, Backwoods Barbie and DJ Rick Dominguez. Closing it out on Sunday, April 28, will be DJ Keahi, DJ Lauren, James Kennedy, Diplo B2B Cloone, Vavo and DJ Slim McGraw.
While most of the acts featured are EDM-based, they maintain the proper skill set to engage with the predominantly country-loving crowd by revamping classics into dance-pumping remixes. For Nori Kingston from San Diego the collision of these musical worlds adds to the excitement of attending Stagecoach.
“Having all these genres collide is what makes it so much fun,” Kingston said. “I’m not stuck to just country or pop, I like a little of everything and coming to the Honky Tonk, I feel like you’re able to explore everything.”
Honky Tonk serves not only as a stage for EDM acts but also as a lively dance hall where fans can boot, scoot and boogie around.
Throughout the day, attendees have the opportunity to learn simple dances and line dancing from a pack of teachers who roam around helping dancers get their footing just right. There are also occasional dance performances, where fans can catch groups like the Los Angeles Wranglers throughout the day.
Inside the tent, a complete transformation occurs with enormous fake cactus, towering disco balls, and even a metallic horse suspended over the center of the dance floor create an otherworldly atmosphere. “It’s like stepping into a different city altogether,” Kingston remarked, highlighting the stark contrast from the dust-filled surroundings of the Empire Polo Club grounds. “You kind of get to experience the gritty country feel of sitting on nothing but dirt watching the headliners outside, then at night coming here to party and rave under the disco balls.”
As the night progresses, lines to enter the Honky Tonk stage lengthen, with crowds waiting in barricaded queues for up to 20 to 30 minutes each, depending on the scheduled performer. However, according to Joe Schnieder, the wait is well worth it.
“I mean, last year we waited in line for what felt like hours just to see one of our favorite DJs, but that’s part of the fun,” Schnieder shared. “You meet some really cool people along the way and even get to dance with someone new. I hope this experience never fades away.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group