The Mexican hitmaker signs with the agency ahead of his upcoming new album, Éxodo. 

													By
												

	Griselda Flores

Senior Editor, Latin

	Mexican hitmaker Peso Pluma has signed with CAA in all areas. 

	The corridos singer has had a massive year leading regional Mexican music’s global movement, all while making history along the way. In 2023 alone, Peso Pluma entered 24 songs on the Hot 100, including the global smash hit “Ella Baila Sola,” his collaboration with Eslabon Armado. 

	His album Génesis — home to megahits like “Lady Gaga” and “Nueva Vida” — made history when it debuted and peaked at No. 3 on the Billboard 200, the highest ranking for a Mexican music album on the tally. It went on to win the Grammy for best música mexicana album (including tejano). 

	Following his riveting Coachella set, Peso is set to headline major festivals across the U.S. and Mexico, including Governors Ball, Sueños and Baja Beach Fest. Additionally, he’ll kick off his Live Nation-produced Éxodo Tour in the summer with more than 35 shows across United States.

	










	His first reported Boxscore was an April 8, 2023 concert at the Toyota Center in Ontario, Calif., where he grossed $988K and sold more than 8,000 tickets, according to Billboard Boxscore. He finished the 2023 tracking period with two $2 million shows in Hidalgo, Texas, and Chula Vista, Calif. His 2023 run landed him at No. 47 in the all-genre Top 100 Tours, grossing a total of $48.8 million across 39 shows, according to Billboard‘s year-end Boxscore charts.




			Trending on Billboard		






	CAA nabs Peso Pluma ahead of his second studio album, titled “Éxodo,” which is set to release this spring.

	Peso is managed by George Prajin of Prajin Parlay. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.