The mission of the Media Research Center is to document and combat the falsehoods and censorship of the news media, entertainment media and Big Tech in order to defend and preserve America's founding principles and Judeo-Christian values. The MRC is a research and education organization operating under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are tax-deductible.
© 2005-2025, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved.
Text to Speech
 ABC’s Good Morning America projected an image of confidence Monday on behalf of Vice President Kamala Harris, cheering her strategy of “end[ing] on a positive note” and “hoping to turn out every last voter by convincing them that she’s the candidate who can turn the page” while Donald Trump has hurled “violent and dark rhetoric” catering only to “angry young men.”
Co-host Robin Roberts was huffing from the teases, warning that Trump “suggest[ed] he wouldn’t mind if the journalists covering his campaign were shot...and [said] he should never have left the White House in 2020.”
Co-host and former Clinton official George Stephanopoulos played stenographer in the tease for the Harris team: “Kamala Harris looks to end on a positive note. The Vice President does not mention Trump by name, visiting key constituencies in Michigan...after an appearance on Saturday Night Live.”
Idolatrous Trump hater Rachel Scott began with the Trump team, seething that Trump has “only lean[ed] more into violent and dark rhetoric” and claimed he’s discounted talk of the economy and immigration.” Scott, of course, had to keep alive the truly dangerous media disinformation campaign from last week about Trump’s Liz Cheney comments:
This was what viewers on ABC’s ‘Good Morning America’ heard today about the Trump campaign from @RachelVScott (and notice the chyrons): “Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris delivering two vastly different closing arguments. Trump’s advisers have spent months trying to… pic.twitter.com/UBqFsC5caS
Scott kept up the doom and gloom, invoking Herschel Walker’s appearance at a Trump rally and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.’s comments about the water supply:
Here was more from ABC’s ‘Good Morning America’ and venom toward Trump campaign from idolatrous Trump hater @RachelVScott: “The former President...going from complaining that President Biden is no longer in the race to calling Democrats demonic...As he tries to win back Georgia,… pic.twitter.com/y0rMQx9vnb
In contrast, Mary Bruce lived up to her role as Disney’s in-house North Korean news lady for the Harris campaign, sounding as though she were creating an audition tape to be a hypothetical Harris-Walz White House press secretary:
In contrast to what ABC’s @RachelVScott said about Trump on ‘Good Morning America,’ here was how @MaryKBruce talked about Vice President Harris.
Whereas Scott seethed, Bruce swooned: “Well, Kamala Harris is finishing out the campaign crisscrossing this all important state. She’s… pic.twitter.com/BwSq8nsMdM
Bruce kept the vibes high, swooning over both Harris’s “surprise appearance on Saturday Night Live” (and saying nothing about how this was an FCC violation) as well as her final rally “leaning on big names like Katy Perry, Oprah, Lady Gaga, Ricky Martin, The Roots, and others”:
State-run media from ABC correspondent and Disney’s in-house North Korean news lady for Kamala Harris, Mary Bruce: “The Vice President crisscrossing the key battleground state on her last weekend of campaigning, hoping to get out the vote and reach key constituencies like black… pic.twitter.com/DeILJn5kUI
While a segment with political director Rick Klein sought to boost the notion that the race is close, the underlying themes seemed like a way to argue it’s over given the gender gap and so many “divided and super angry” Americans.
More anti-Trump invective came with chief Washington correspondent and three-time anti-Trump author Jonathan Karl telling his liberal base that Trump’s “voice sounded weary, a little scratchy” when the two spoke Sunday and said Trump defended himself against “[a]ll the negativity” of his stump speeches “not focusing on the core economic issues that they say he should be focused on.”
Stephanopoulos and Karl really tried to drive home the notion of Harris having “hopeful, optimistic” persona being a bigger pull for voters than Trump’s “pretty dark, pessimistic” tone:
ABC’s ‘Good Morning America’ co-host and former Clinton official George Stephanopoulos: “One thing that’s pretty consistent over the last week, Jon, is we saw Donald Trump’s message, pretty dark, pessimistic. At least, in the last day Kamala Harris coming out much more hopeful.… pic.twitter.com/es92Qdb5VH
The former ABC hack brought back Scott to kick dirt on Trump’s appeal among men:
ABC’s ‘Good Morning America’ co-host and former Clinton official George Stephanopoulos: “[T]here is some strategy [by Donald Trump], trying to drive out angry young men.”
Rachel Scott: “Absolutely. And this is where the former President actually has been really focused in the… pic.twitter.com/Apa778FEMh
The second hour included even more campaign coverage, such as a report from correspondent Elizabeth Schulze from Arizona that trumpeted a possible triumph for baby-killing via a state ballot initiative.
Schulze — who’s probably still recovering from throwing down with Trump campaign spokeswoman Karoline Leavitt — fear-mongered about Arizona turning violent, noting the tense scenes from 2020 and touted snipers as some new security measures to thwart possible angry Trump supporters.
In the second hour, Stephanopoulos dialed up more grist, telling viewers in a tease about Trump’s “dark closing argument” versus Harris’s “positive note.”
Always the leftist tool, Stephanopoulos trotted out House Minority Leader Hakeem Jeffries (D-NY) for a series of softballs, starting with a simple question: “Are you confident it’s going to happen?”
It got even more ridiculous with Stephanopoulos fear-mongering about post-election violence and what a new Congress under Republican control would look like (click “expand”):
Current Speaker Mike Johnson is also hitting the trail hard. He’s promising that Republicans are going to bring the federal government to heel if they take control of the Congress and White House. What is the impact if Republicans maintain control?
(....)
What’s your biggest concern in this final 36 hours?
(....)
Former President Trump also appears to be laying the groundwork for contesting again if he loses. And your predecessor, Speaker Pelosi made a [inaudible] yesterday she thinks you need to be the speaker because she’s concerned about what Speaker Johnson would do if he has the gavel on January 6. Do you share that concern? What could he do?
(....)
Lot of the seats in play to determine the majority in the House are out there in California, so this could take some time before we know who’s controlling the House.
(....)
You’re heading back on the trail from here?
To see the relevant ABC transcript from November 4, click here.


Donor Privacy Policy



								The mission of the Media Research Center is to document and combat the falsehoods and censorship of the news media, entertainment media and Big Tech in order to defend and preserve America's founding principles and Judeo-Christian values. The MRC is a research and education organization operating
								under Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, and contributions to the MRC are
								tax-deductible.
							
Company
MRC Programs
Legal
Features
CONNECT
Sign up for our NB Daily newsletter to receive the latest news Monday through Friday.

					© 2005-2025, Media Research Center. All Rights Reserved.