Céline Dion, who is battling stiff-person syndrome, is performing at the Olympics, TMZ reports.
The music legend landed in Paris on Monday, and sources tell the site she plans to sing one song.
Variety reports that Dion arrived to the Royal Monceau hotel, where another rumored performer — Lady Gaga — is also staying.
TMZ adds that it will be a big payday for Dion, as insiders claim she’s receiving $2 million!
That doesn’t include money for Dion to travel to Europe with her family. "They're paying a ton of money. Ridiculous amount,” an insider said.
Céline may have hinted at the appearance back in April, when she told Vogue, "I've chosen to work with all my body and soul, from head to toe, with a medical team. I want to be the best I can be. My goal is to see the Eiffel Tower again!"
It looks like her dream is coming true!
The Olympics news comes on the heels of the release of the artist’s heart-wrenching documentary “I Am: Céline Dion.”
She opened up to “Extra’s” Tommy Didario in June about making the doc, admitting that a huge weight was lifted from her shoulders when she came out with her diagnosis. She added, “I started to rehabilitate myself and it’s a process, but it’s okay because you have to find your inner strength as a mother, as an artist, getting ready to come back onstage.”
“I’ve been in show business all my life as an open book and there’s no way that I’m just going to, you know, just disappear just like that without my fans, who got me here, without them knowing nothing.”
When Tommy asked about a rumored Vegas return, she declared, “You heard right!” and even broke into song!
See how the stars are celebrating Easter 2025 with their families!
The stars of Hollywood came out to honor the stars of science at the 11th Breakthrough Prize Ceremony.
Stars hit the red carpet at the 2025 iHeartRadio Music Awards!
The stars were out for Le Grand Dîner du Louvre in Paris.
Stars step out to party after the Academy Awards at the 2025 Vanity Fair Oscar Party!
The stars mix and mingle at 2025 Oscars pre-parties!
Sign up here for exclusive access to all your favorite celebrities
            and breaking entertainment news!

Privacy Policy |
          Terms of Use |
          Ad Choices
          © 2025 Telepictures Productions Inc. In partnership with Warner Bros. Entertainment
        
Sign up here for exclusive access to all your favorite celebrities and breaking entertainment news!
© 2025 Telepictures Productions Inc.  In partnership with Warner Bros. Entertainment