Here’s a hook. 
Rug, carpet and antiques dealer to the stars Nader Bolour, owner of Doris Leslie Blau, is listing a Kings Point, Long Island, home that he designed and developed for $9.8 million. 
Bolour’s clients include Jerry Seinfeld, Jeff Bezos, Lady Gaga, Tommy Hilfiger, John Legend, Madonna, and Michael J. Fox, along with top architects like Peter Marino. 
The new-construction, eight-bedroom home, at 139 Arrandale Ave., sits on 1.2 acres and was completed this year. Nader — who fled Iran with his family in 1978 first for London before landing in New York in 1996 — and his wife Mandana have eight children and know how to build large.
“Homes like this don’t exist in Kings Point. I wanted to be a pioneer and build something spectacular and modern in a traditional town,” Bolour told Gimme Shelter. 
The 15,000-square-foot modern home aligns the rising sun at the entrance and opens to a 50-foot living space that flows straight to the backyard. Design details inside the main home include 12-foot-high glass walls, a double-height entrance, custom rugs, an 18-foot-tall chandelier and Italian marble outside cut into squares that line the driveway “like pavers.”
In addition, the central facade surrounds a double-height entrance — a 25-foot oxidized piece of stainless steel that was lacquered “more than 25 times.”   
A second entrance to the home opens to a mudroom, a package room, a pantry and stairs (which are also made with lacquered stainless steel). 
The main bedroom is on the first level and features a private office with a custom Art Deco rug made in Afghanistan and a private garden. 
This floor also features two chef’s kitchens and a serving room off the dining area. The second level features a wrap terrace overlooking the back and front yards. One bedroom is currently used as a laundry room with two washers, two dryers and storage. There’s also a finished basement. 
The outside is anchored by a pool, an outdoor kitchen, and a large, two-level cabana with a full bathroom and a laundry room. A custom rug made in Nepal covers the first level of the cabana. 
The brokers are Soheila Sharf of Soheila Sharf Realty and Lin Pan of Lin Pan Realty Group.
Advertisement