No need to put a pin in it

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Few things make me as excited as a new Hailey Bieber street style moment. The model-turned-businesswoman has been known for quite a few fashion moments that have become viral sensations and instant trends.
The latest includes what we are coining as 'boardroom tailoring'. Pairing an off-the-runway Saint Laurent oversized suit with her classic Miu Miu reading specs and minimalist accessories, Mrs. Bieber is taking autumnal power dressing to the next level.
Straight out of the Autumn/Winter 2024 catwalks, corporate dressing solidified itself as one of this season's biggest trends. With brands like Christian Dior, Jil Sander, and Sportmax styling their iterations making office dressing easier than ever.
Christian Dior AW24, Jil Sander AW24, Sportmax AW24
In the same way as Bieber, other celebrities who have tapped into the trend include Jade Thirlwall and Lady Gaga, who have styled the look with a simple, crisp white shirt (and without) for an elevated evening look.
Over on the street-style side, influencers are opting for a full office siren meets preppy look, complete with reading glasses and ties. Whilst the look may call for a monochrome ensemble, a great pro tip includes pairing different blazers with trousers as a styling hack to add an extra dimension to the look and mix and match pieces that already exist in your capsule wardrobe.
So if you're in the lookout for your next go-to office look that will make getting dressed in the morning a breeze or simply want to get some expensive-looking styling inspiration for the office, see below for our favourite oversized suits.
Because no great oversized suit look would be complete without a great accessory, we have rounded up our top accessories to add the ultimate oomph.
Celebrity news, beauty, fashion advice, and fascinating features, delivered straight to your inbox!
Sofia Piza is the Fashion Writer at Marie Claire UK. With extensive experience and a degree in Fashion Journalism, she covers runway trends, shopping picks, celebrity fashion, and industry news.
Throughout her career, Sofia's work has ranged from in-depth interviews with industry experts and high-profile celebrities to creative production for editorial cover shoots and red-carpet coverage. Born in Mexico and raised in five countries, Sofia's multicultural upbringing has fed into her interest in international markets, leading her fashion week coverage across London, Milan, Paris, New York, and Copenhagen.
When she's not sourcing inspiration from social media, you will find Sofia anywhere from a local vintage market to busy central London streets, people watching to make sure she brings you the latest trends, from the best denim pieces to the must-have investment bags- the possibilities are endless.

Marie Claire UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.