By SAM JOSEPH SEMON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:14, 10 January 2024   |  Updated:  07:50, 10 January 2024   
 15
View  comments
Lady Gaga appeared to promote her role in the upcoming superhero film Joker: Folie A Deux by sharing a selfie on her Instagram account on Tuesday afternoon.
The 37-year-old hitmaker flashed a smile while taking a selfie in a home studio during what seemed to be a recording session.
The performer - who was recently spotted with her boyfriend Michael Polansky - donned a t-shirt featuring a graphic of The Joker, who will be portrayed by Joaquin Phoenix in the DC Comics-based feature.
Lady Gaga, born Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, also wore a gray cardigan sweater and a pair of black sunglasses as she posed for the selfie.
The Poker Face singer also wrote a short message in her post's caption that read: 'If anyone asks I'm at church.'
Lady Gaga appeared to promote her role in the upcoming superhero film Joker: Folie A Deux by sharing a selfie on her Instagram account on Tuesday afternoon
Joker: Folie A Deux will serve as a follow-up to Joker, which was originally released in 2019.
The feature was a hit with both critics and audiences, and it grossed over $1 billion worldwide, according to Box Office Mojo. 
The movie and its crew also received various awards for their work on the project, and Phoenix received the Academy Award for Best Actor.
It was initially reported that development on the sequel had begun in 2019, although it was not officially confirmed that the follow-up would be going forward until 2022.
Lady Gaga was first attached to the project in June of 2022, when it was also revealed that the feature would be a musical.
The hitmaker officially signed on to portray Harley Quinn, who was famously played by Margot Robbie in several DC Comics-based films, in the movie that August.
Todd Phillips, who directed the original Joker, returned in the same capacity for the second feature.
The filmmaker also reunited with Scott Silver, with whom he co-wrote Joker's script, to pen the project's screenplay.
Joker: Folie A Deux will serve as a follow-up to Joker, which was originally released in 2019; Lady Gaga is seen in 2023
Lady Gaga was first attached to the project in June of 2022, when it was also revealed that the feature would be a musical; she is seen in 2023
The hitmaker officially signed on to portray Harley Quinn, who was famously played by Margot Robbie in several DC Comics-based films, in the movie that August; she is seen with Joaquin Phoenix in 2023
Joker: Folie A Deux is currently scheduled to be released on October 4
Zazie Beets, who portrayed Sophie Dumond in the original feature, will reprise her role in the sequel. 
New additions to the feature's cast include Brendan Gleeson, Catherine Keener and Harry Lawtey. 
The feature's crew began filming in December of 2022 and continued working for several months before they wrapped in April of last year.
Joker: Folie A Deux is currently scheduled to be released on October 4. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group