Metro journalists select and curate the products that feature on our site. If you make a purchase via links on this page we will earn commission – learn more
In the words of the ‘Four Seasons Baby’… who’s ready for the weekend? ‘Meeeee’. And what a week it’s been, ey?
We too have experienced all four seasons – all the rain, and a bit of shine. Still, we have reasons to be happy because another edition of Trend Trove is here – and our shopping expert has been let loose again.
Bringing you only the very best of the best, she’s raided the rails of your favourite high street stores, discovered new brands via social media, and naturally spent far too much money.
So what’s the latest? Well Red Bull have released a new flavour in time for the summer, the hottest new jewellery brand you’re going to be obsessed with, a LED skin device that’s going to have your skin glowing (and celebs love), suncare in a jazzy serum formula – plus loads more.
Yeah, you’re going to love this week’s edition – but we say that every week, because duh.
Now all you need to do is take five, have a little scroll, ‘add to cart’ and live your best life – as you should every day.
These dainty, cute earrings are our latest obsession – and a style that compliments any outfit you wear. 

A must-have addition to your wardrobe.
Endorsed by science and approved by aestheticians, the Solawave Advanced Skincare Wand is a valuable addition to your skincare routine. 

This device combines four potent skincare technologies – microcurrent, red light therapy, therapeutic warmth, and facial massage – to deliver an unparalleled at-home spa experience. 

With just five minutes of daily use, it helps diminish wrinkles, fine lines, puffiness, dark spots, and dark circles while rejuvenating and energising the skin. 

Portable and rechargeable, this tool is an essential must-have!
Designed to strengthen your skin barrier with a protective veil suitable for all seasons, the Silky Sun Drops 100% Mineral Sunscreen Serum (30ml) delivers a powerful dose of nourishing hydration.

If you seek more than just a sun-kissed glow, this skincare essential is perfect for you. 

Its standout formula features a potent blend of noni (a tropical superfruit rich in antioxidants known for its rejuvenating properties), raspberry and chia seed oils (a vitamin-rich duo packed with moisturizing benefits), and algica (an ingredient renowned for moisture retention). 

True to its name, this petal-soft serum glides effortlessly over the skin, reducing the appearance of fine lines over time and imparting a luminous radiance that's sure to be noticed.
Someone take us away so we have a reason to wear this gorgeous set on the beach?!

Oh and we should mention that the shorts also have pockets.
How cuuuute is the embroidered lobster motif on this outdoor cushion! Adding a delightful touch of whimsy to your garden furniture, it's crafted from water-repellent, easy-to-clean fabric, it combines charm with practicality.
This talc-free blush, enriched with fermented arnica to help reduce redness and hydrating squalane and hydraberry, melts effortlessly into your skin, offering blendable colour with just one swipe.

Ultra-soft, highly pigmented, and incredibly popular, this silky formula blends seamlessly to provide a buildable wash of colour suitable for any skin tone.

Infused with skincare benefits, it contains fermented arnica, vitamins C and E, plant-derived squalane, and shea butter for a radiant, healthy look.
Featuring a chic satin finish and a discreet elastic waistband, this yellow midi skirt is an essential addition to your new-season wardrobe.
If you appreciate the comfort, quality, and versatility of classic Harbour tops, you'll be thrilled with the new Harbour Vest by Joules.

Maintaining the same meticulous attention to detail as the original, they've designed this version sleeveless with a crew neck, making it the perfect summer staple.
Red Bull Pink Edition offers the same wiiings asRed Bull Energy Drink, with a different taste and completely sugar-free. 

Combining the flavours of raspberry and other forest fruits, and complemented by exciting herbal notes of verbena, Red Bull Pink Edition is a flavour explosion that’s both refreshing and invigorating – all packed into one powerful, berry-coloured can.
Once again, she’s nailed it and we need everything on this list… now we’re off to spend our money on things we don’t really need – but want oh so bad.
What about you?
Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Share your views in the comments below
Arrow
MORE: Skincare fanatics call 111SKIN All Day Radiance Mist ‘new daily essential’ for an ‘instant glow’
Arrow
MORE: Dunelm throws huge summer sale with up to 50% off bedding, bathroom, furniture and air fryers
Arrow
MORE: I’m a shopping expert and this is what I’m buying this weekend from Mango, ASOS, Boots and more
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy