This article was written by one of our Young Reporters, a scheme that gives 14 to 18-year-old school students a chance to write for a real newspaper. Find out more at the
                                    Young Reporter website.
                                

  Stagecoach Ealing Troupe made a remarkable appearance at the prestigious venue, 


  Sadler’s Wells. Taking part in the event ‘Stagecoach Dance London’. 


  The event took place on the 16th November 2024. A total of fourteen Stagecoaches participated- demonstrating their love for dance and enthusiasm in each performance. 


  Stagecoach Ealing Troupe executed their notable Lady Gaga mashup, consisting of some of her hit songs such as: ‘Alejandro’, ‘Telephone’, ‘Applause’ etc., exhibiting their contagious energy and months of hard work.


  ‘Stagecoach Dance London’ was hosted to help those with a passion for the stage, to not only show off their skills, but also explore different worlds of dance. Hence, every Stagecoach took part in two workshops: contemporary and street dance. 


  Stagecoach Ealing Troupe first engaged in the contemporary workshop, hosted by Liam Riddick. 


  Liam Riddick, noted for his appearance as one of the Ken dancers in the hit movie ‘Barbie’, gave the wonderful opportunity for each Stagecoach to learn a section of the official ‘Dance the Night’ choreography.  


  This stretched Ealing troupe, introducing them to a more technical type of dance compared to their standard commercial routines, whilst also having fun.  


  The troupe then went on to enjoy their time, participating in the street dance workshop- conducted by Jamie Mason.


  Jamie Mason, a choreographer famed for his hip hop style, created and taught a dance to the song ‘Summer Too Hot’ (clean version) by Chris Brown. The dance needed elements of controlled, smooth, and sharp moves as well as high energy. 


  Stagecoach Ealing Troupe excelled through using their developed skill of commercial style dance, adoring the new found genre. 


  Hallie Clarke, a member of Stagecoach Ealing Troupe, expressed: “I thoroughly enjoyed the workshops provided at Sadler’s Wells.”


  She went on to explain how, “..Performing at the end made everything worthwhile. All our hours of hard work paid off. I couldn’t have done it without my amazing friends at Stagecoach Ealing.”


  Stagecoach Dance London is an extraordinary event for the growth of skill, confidence, and friendships for every performer. 


                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |