Get opinion pieces, letters and editorials sent directly to your inbox weekly!
E-edition PLUS unlimited articles & videos
Personalized news alerts with our mobile app
*FREE access to newspapers.com archives
Hundreds of games, puzzles & comics online
*Refers to the latest 2 years of stltoday.com stories. Cancel anytime.
Twice in the last eight years, a woman comes up short to be president of the United States. A barrage of comments that were insulting and contemptuous of women by Donald Trump and his campaign surrogates apparently hit home with men, especially younger men.
Clearly, Donald Trump has a certain charisma for many voters, which played a role in the defeats of Hillary Clinton in 2016 and Kamala Harris on Tuesday. But those elections also showed that America is not yet ready for the first woman president.
Trump, a convicted felon who has faced multiple accusations of sexual assault, sought to broadcast a hyper-masculine image, appearing alongside mixed martial artists and offering praise for autocratic world leaders.
Harris by contrast relied heavily on female celebrities such as Beyonce, Jennifer Lopez, Lady Gaga and Oprah Winfrey, betting that they would help her reach even conservative women voters.
Harris made the defense of women's rights, and abortion in particular, one of the cornerstones of her campaign. But this appears not to have won over enough moderately conservative women.
Former first lady Michelle Obama said, “For Trump, we expect nothing at all. No understanding of policy, no ability to put together a coherent argument, no honesty, no decency, no morals."
Too many men want to keep women in their place to the extent that character means nothing anymore.
Ed Shew
Lake Saint Louis
Get opinion pieces, letters and editorials sent directly to your inbox weekly!
Letter: US Rep Ann Wagner hasn’t bothered having a town hall in 12 years to hear what her constituents think. 
Letter: One should not have to take such unnecessary steps as seeking private legal counsel to seek relief for such simple things as nuisance weeds.
Letter: He starts a fire, causes chaos, ignores suffering for a while and then lets the fire go out and claims credit.
Letter: ...this country is surely on its way to becoming a fascist dictatorship.
Letter: How can anyone support an administration that takes the food from vulnerable seniors?
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.