Portland Retro Gaming Expo at the Oregon Convention Center. One of the world’s largest conventions celebrating classic video and arcade games. Check out the panels, historical exhibits and tournaments that invite attendees — from the adults who played the games as kids to the kids of today — to delight in the artistry and significance of video games in popular culture.
AIDS Walk NW is this Saturday at Waterfront Park. Activities, food, drink, kids corner.. 9am register at aidswalk.org or you can just show up.
Imagine Dragons is in town Sunday at RV Inn Style Resorts Amphitheater.  If you haven't seen them, so good! They played Roseland when they were just getting started in 2012 and blew the roof off the place! 
Amos Lee and Indigo Girls are playing Edgefield Concerts on the Lawn Friday.
Big, loud fun at the MODA Center this weekend when Hot Wheels Monster Trucks Live roars into town. 
Built Festival brings Oregon together to celebrate, connect and support its consumer product ecosystem. This event celebrates the makers, brands and regions that together create Oregon’s unique consumer product tapestry.
Lee Farms in Tualatin is such a fun place to take the kids (of any age). I've been taking the boys since they could barely stand up using the pumpkins for support. Their Fall Festival has all the things; pumpkin patch, corn maze, hay rides, farm animals, cider donuts. Those DONUTS are worth the trip alone!  
Mike's family has spent many a fall at both Bauman Farms and Plumper Farms. 
Dogtoberfest — Portland’s pet-friendliest Oktoberfest party and biggest dog wash is goin down at the Lucky Lab on Hawthorne. Have your well-behaved pups show off their one-of-a-kind personality in this year's Costume Contest, enjoy an exclusive Dogtoberfest brew from Lucky Lab, all to benefit Dove Lewis.
Fear PDX Haunted Houses this year include Toxic Carnage, The Mansion, Blood House 2, Scarecrow, Metal Massacre, Rotten Pulp, Poison Apple Festival, Tormented, Chopped and the Slasher Shed. If it's not immediately clear, these are NOT for those under 14. Find the carnage at 12219 NE Glisan Street Portland OR 97230.(Entrance gates are located on the loading dock side of neighboring LL Flooring and Harbor Freight.)
The Spirit of Halloweentown in the historic town of St. Helens, 45 minutes from Portland, celebrates Halloween all October long with haunted tours, costume contests, celebrity appearances and more. Hocus Pocus fans can even meet Kathy Najimy, the one and only Mary Sanderson this year! 
Topaz Farm on Sauvie Island has its very own sunflower maze. This year, the farm planted several acres of sunflowers. If you haven’t taken the kids there yet, the maze will be open for a few more weekends. 
The Corn Maize At The Pumpkin Patch is celebrating the 75th anniversary of Charles M. Shulz' Peanuts. Fun Fact: 75-plus corn mazes across the United States are also doing tributes to the Peanuts gang!
Corvallis Fall Festival is a hootenanny let me tell ya! 170 art booths, 2 stages of nonstop live music and entertainment for the whole family, The Young Artist Marketplace, where artists age 8-18 sell their handmade creations for $25 or less.A food court featuring local and regional food and beverage vendors. See what I mean? HOOTENANNY!
Lady Gaga's new album "Harlequin" drops this Friday.  Gaga is calling it a companion album to her upcoming film "Joker: Folie a Deux"which  is set to hit theaters next Friday, October 4th.
STACEY & MIKE WATCHLIST
Stacey: Mike got me hooked on Bad Monkey. It's classic Vince Vaughn but also love the narration and the Tom Petty soundtrack of it all. 
Mike: The Penguin on MAX. Colin Farrell is unrecognizable! Also watching Lord of The Rings: The Rings Of Power on Prime Video. 
Saturday Night Live kicks off Season 50 with host Jean Smart and musical guest Jelly Roll.