Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
A Leicestershire student is going for glittery glory in the new series of the BBC’s Glow Up. Ella Freer avoided make-up growing up, but has now made it her passion and is hoping it will pay off beautifully.
The 20-year-old from Leicestershire is one of eight aspiring make-up artists, known as MUAs, to take part in the sixth and latest series of the BBC’s hit make-up competition, Glow Up. The series is hosted by model Leomie Anderson, with judging coming from industry experts Val Garland and Dominic Skinner who will oversee a series of standout and wow challenges to test the MUAs skills.
Ella is currently studying Prosthetics & SFX Design at Solent University which will come in handy with the tasks ranging from getting West End Theatre make-up perfect to mastering gory TV special effects. Should she impress the judges, Ella could be crowned Britain’s Next Make-Up Star and bag a career changing prize which will see her assist some of the best MUAs in the world.
READ MORE: BBC One's Race Across the World features super-competitive Rutland couple
Taking part in Glow Up is a big step for Ella who was not at all interested in make-up when she was younger. According to the BBC, Ella often felt like an outsider during her adolescence and did not feel comfortable wearing make-up in public.
However, playing with make-up and experimenting with what was possible artistically was something she undertook at home and from there her passion developed. Ella went on to study art and design at college and it was here where she began to feel comfortable with make-up at long last.
Ella has continued to develop her skills ever since beginning her uni studies, with the BBC saying it has allowed her to “open up and express herself”, but Glow Up is a different kettle of fish. Under the watchful eye of Val and Dominic as well as a host of guest judges, Ella’s boundaries and creativity will be pushed to the limit.
A BBC spokesperson said the new series, which is billed as “gripping” and “high-stakes”, will see the aspiring MUAs show off their technical prowess on a series of professional assignments. However, those who fall short will have to face off against one another in a “nail-biting showdown” to avoid elimination.
Six tough challenges will separate Ella and her competitors from glory, with the first tasking the Leicestershire student with creating looks for Lady Gaga's Haus Labs brand as it launches in Europe. Ella will also be tasked with a working up a creative brief that demonstrates who they are and what they are made of.
See how Ella’s Glow Up journey goes by tuning in for the first episode of the new series on Wednesday, April 10 at 8pm on BBC Three. The series will also stream on BBC iPlayer.