Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Lady Gaga shut down rumors that she was pregnant with a TikTok video June 4 and received support from a fellow pop star. 
“Not pregnant,” Gaga wrote alongside a video of herself showing off her bleach-blond hair and dramatic winged eyeliner. 
She then used a Taylor Swift lyric from Swift's song “Down Bad,” featured on the 34-year-old's latest album, “The Tortured Poets Department.”
“just down bad cryin at the gym,” Gaga’s text on the video read.
Swift responded to the video June 5, calling out people commenting on Gaga's body in the first place.
"Can we all agree that its invasive & irresponsible to comment on a woman's body. Gaga doesn't owe anyone an explanation & neither does any woman," Swift commented, adding a kiss mark emoji.
In the text of her TikTok post, Gaga also encouraged people to register to vote. 
She did the same thing in a tweet, which also said, "Not pregnant," and a video of her with black hair.
The entertainer has previously told her fans to register to vote and head to the polls during past elections. In 2020, while showing off her ballot, she encouraged people to vote early. 
"Ballot’s here! And it’s #VoteEarlyDay! Today’s the perfect day to join the 46 million people who have already cast their ballots in the 2020 election," she wrote in part on her Instagram.
She also sang the national anthem at President Joe Biden's inauguration in January 2021. 
“Singing our National Anthem for the  American People is my honor.  I will sing during a ceremony, a transition, a moment of change—between POTUS 45 and 46.  For me, this has great meaning,” she tweeted at the time.
She also added in a follow-up tweet, “My intention is to acknowledge our past, be healing for our present, and passionate for a future where we work together lovingly. I will sing to the hearts of all people who live on this land. Respectfully and kindly, Lady Gaga.”
Gaga, who has been dating businessman Michael Polansky since 2020, has remained largely out of the public eye. 
Last month, however, the Oscar winner stepped out to attend the world premiere of her film “Gaga Chromatica Ball” in Hollywood. Wearing a custom white and unique ensemble designed by Selva, Gaga revealed that she was working on her seventh album and had been in the studio every day. 
“I have written so many songs and I have produced so many songs.” Gaga said at the Q&A, according to Variety. “It’s nothing like anything that I’ve ever made before.” 
Adding, “There’s something really beautiful about knowing that you will be loved no matter what you do.” 
The film, meanwhile, is already streaming on Max.
Liz Calvario is a Los Angeles-based reporter and editor for TODAY.com who covers entertainment, pop culture and trending news.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.