Home    Forums    Movies    2025 Oscar Predictions: Best Supporting Actress (Part 4)
She can get in if the movie overperforms during oscar nominations morning, but it’s important for conclave to do well at the box office considering it’s budget
They’re keeping the budget under wraps.
Just how much outside of salaries did they spend?
Silk gowns, hats and red shoes could be borrowed. Lol.
The Sunne in Splendour.
I prefer my roses white
"I want you to know, I will love you as long as I breathe"
Paul Atreides
 Why? What’s its budget? 
Idk but the fact that they haven’t revealed the amount yet, is suspicious
Are they now premiering Emilia Perez every Friday? I swear they’ve been to 200 festivals since May. Release the damn thing on Netflix so we can have some peace 
I’ve follow a few Selena accounts and there’s been so many private screenings too 😭 Netflix is snatching up as many moms as they can
Why? What’s its budget?
Well, they’re not saying. This doesn’t happen all that often so when they’re secretive, something’s up.
Outside of salaries, I’m thinking there are other, compelling reasons…..
The Sunne in Splendour.
I prefer my roses white
"I want you to know, I will love you as long as I breathe"
Paul Atreides
 Well, they’re not saying. This doesn’t happen all that often so when they’re secretive, something’s up. Outside of salaries, I’m thinking there are other, compelling reasons….. 
imagine if it was 50 million dollars
conclave is not pulling that
Cast of Emilia Perez during a gala screening of the film organized by Yves Saint Laurent and Netflix in London tonight
FYC: Emilia Pérez and I'm still here in all categories.
Thoughts on Margaret Qualley getting in here for The Substance?
Deadwyler getting big raves out of LFF tonight.
FYC
Sarah Snook - The Picture of Dorian Gray
Are they now premiering Emilia Perez every Friday? I swear they’ve been to 200 festivals since May. Release the damn thing on Netflix so we can have some peace 
Why are you so pressed? The ladies are coming for the nominations.
Breathe.
Thoughts on Margaret Qualley getting in here for The Substance? 
Honestly, if Demi is getting the nom I believe Qualley is in. I’m very curious to see how critics are going to do with this film, it has a lot of weak contenders with mid and mixed reviews, The Substance could have a good support in these awards getting nominations for Coralie, Demi and Margaret.
Here is another point: Karla, Zoe, Selena and Adriana are going to every single film festival premiere. They are showing they will be campaigning their butts off together and Netflix is throwing money at the film. 
At this point unless they dramatically underperform this awards season or another ensemble full ramps up their campaigning I see them easily taking sag ensemble
Emilia Perez cast are working so hard to get that Oscars. Anne Hathway vibe
at this point saoirse is gonna get the best supporting actress nom easily the piano lesson and nickel boys have so far had muted audience reactions. Some critics are really pushing deadwyler but i doubt the movies are going to do much.Nickel boys sounds too indie and avant-garde and Blitz seems accessible to a large variety of voters and lots of people mentionned Ronan’s great singing too. I think she is miscast but worse people have even won like zellwegger for cold mountain. The field is so weak even Jlo could get in if her movie becomes a huge hit with audiences in december. zoe and jones are the only locks. 
I agree that Deadwyler is definitely not a lock but she can still get in even if she’s the only nomination for her movie (Danielle Brooks being the obvious recent example).
The topic ‘2025 Oscar Predictions: Best Supporting Actress (Part 4)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media