With Halloween around the corner, many women are in the process of deciding their costume and thinking about how they can make it sexy. Well, the villainous character Harley Quinn—formerly Dr. Harleen Quinzel—from DC Universe’ Batman has been at the top of the list the past few years. It’s also a very popular costume among female cosplayers as well. 
But the Harley Quinn costume may look a bit different on some fans this year, thanks to a reimagining of the character that was just released featuring a truly unique design.
Designed by Enrico Marini, the new look for Harley Quinn was first debuted in his graphic novel, Batman: The Dark Prince Charming in 2018, which Marini wrote and illustrated himself, as first reported by Screen Rant.
“This has been one of Harley’s most unique designs, delivering a new take on the harlequin/jester concept that the Gotham villainess is best known for. It stands out in a fun way, making this cosplay of it particularly notable as well,” writes Samantha King of Screen Rant.
Social media influencer and cosplayer Amanda, also known as @pixiequinncosplay, wears the iteration of the Harley Quinn character design in these photos by @dantepadre_photo.
A post shared by Amanda (@pixiequinncosplay)
A post shared by Amanda (@pixiequinncosplay)
Quinn, who has multiple personality disorder, is deemed the “Clown Princess of Crime” by DC Universe because of her obsessive love for the Joker. 
“A promising psychologist and intern at Arkham Asylum in Gotham City, Harleen was given the chance to get up close and personal with the Joker, an experience that wound up ending…badly. Harleen became obsessed with her subject, and after falling madly in love with the Clown Prince of Crime, she helped him escape the asylum,” DC Comics explains. “Her love for the Joker inspired Harleen to adopt a new identity, that of Harley Quinn, the Joker’s sidekick-slash-love interest—whether he wanted one or not. (Most of the time? He did not.)”
The DC Universe villain has had her fair share of costume changes, re-imagination, and evolution over the years.
The live-action version of the character portrayed by Margot Robbie in Suicide Squad alongside Joaquin Phoenix as the Joker was among the most popular cosplay and Halloween costumes in recent years. 
And the newest live-action version of Harley Quinn played by Lady Gaga in Joker: Folie à Deux, alongside Phoenix again, is set to premiere in theaters Oct. 4, according to E! News.
“While Harley Quinn first appeared as a loyal hench of the Joker, she quickly grew in popularity. She began to evolve as a character in many different ways that have seen her become one of the biggest stars of the DC Universe as she continues to be developed by superstar creators in the comics and beyond,” writes Scoot Allan of CBR in Harley Quinn: 10 Major Ways She Changed Over The Years. 
Allan notes that moving to comics, going solo, meeting Poison Ivy, joining Gotham City Sirens, joining  the Suicide Squad, and working alongside The Justice League are among some of the pivotal moments in Harley’s storyline that initiated her many changes in style. 
Here, DC Universe shares 25 years of Harley Quinn and the 25 different Harleys its released.