The 2025 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival is set for April 24 to May 4, meaning it will open on a Thursday again and likely encompass eight days at the Fair Grounds.
But before turning our attention to next year, let’s take one last look at these final notes from the 2024 Jazz Fest.
Approximately 500,000 people passed through the gates of the Fair Grounds during the 2024 Jazz Fest, co-producer Festival Productions Inc.-New Orleans said. This includes attendees who used purchased or complimentary tickets, vendors, staffers and other workers.
The eight festival days included the special “Rolling Stones Thursday,” for which ticket sales were reportedly capped at 40,000.
Fans pack the Congo Square Stage for Earth, Wind & Fire during the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival, Sunday, May 5, 2024. (Staff photo by Brett Duke, The Times-Picayune)
Subtracting that 40,000 from the overall total means attendance for the seven “normal” days was 460,000. That’s equal to the seven-day 2023 festival’s total attendance.
In a year when weather was good all week, Chris Stapleton and the Foo Fighters brought large crowds to the Festival Stage. Juvenile and, especially, Earth Wind & Fire played to enormous audiences at Congo Square. Hometown star Jon Batiste fully filled the Shell Gentilly Field.
The seven-day 2022 festival’s total of 475,000 was the same as the eight-day, 50th-anniversary celebration in 2019. The pandemic canceled the 2020 and 2021 festivals. The 475,000 figure was the highest total attendance for Jazz Fest since Hurricane Katrina.
Neil Young Crazy Horse performs on the Festival Stage during the 7th day of the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival at the Fair Grounds in New Orleans, Saturday, May 4, 2024. (Photo by Sophia Germer, The Times-Picayune)
For the Rolling Stones, the Festival Stage was redecorated with a custom backdrop and scrims — the long, tall, diaphanous sheets that covered the side stage scaffolding and speakers — depicting the band's tongue logo and Jazz Fest's familiar logo. Every other main stage performer used the same standard, orange-colored scrim with Jazz Fest and Shell logos — everyone except Neil Young.
Many fest-goers may not have noticed a subtle difference in the scrims draping the stage for Young and Crazy Horse. They didn’t have the Shell logo. Young apparently didn’t want to perform under an oil company's symbol.
The festival seemed to install, and better maintain, more pathways, especially at the Festival Stage. Some were spray-painted on the grass; others were defined by barricades or, most effectively, white plastic footpaths that snapped together like puzzle pieces.
Another innovation: moving some port-o-lets on the dirt track away from the fence to create a passageway behind them. Thus passersby did not have to cross through lines of people waiting to use them.
Security personnel seemed to do a decent job of keeping pathways clear, which helped create access and egress for even the largest crowds.
A security guard tells fans they cannot sit down in the stand-room-only area of the main Festival Stage field as Jon Cleary & the Absolute Monster Gentlemen perform. 
But security at times was too aggressive about enforcing a more perplexing rule: not allowing patrons to sit on the grass in the standing-room-only zones while a band was performing. Even when plenty of space was available, security would sometimes compel people to stand up.
A sizeable no-chair zone is a good thing. Same for a no-blanket, no-tarp zone. But not allowing people to sit on the grass at a festival is overkill, especially when overcrowding isn’t an issue.
Preservation Hall’s late-night “Midnight Preserves” concert series doesn’t start at midnight anymore — it kicks off at 11 p.m. But it still features surprise appearances by some of the biggest names at Jazz Fest.
Guests the first weekend included Jon Batiste. On May 2, Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood joined Irma Thomas and the Preservation Hall Jazz Band for “Time Is On My Side,” which he and the Stones had played with Thomas hours earlier at the festival.
Live recordings made during the 2022 and 2023 Jazz Fests were on sale in the MunckMix tent at the 2024 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival on Saturday, April 27, 2024. 
The next night, Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl, who spent a week at the Hall with his fellow Foos to tape a “Sonic Highways” episode back in 2014, turned up following his band’s Jazz Fest set. He tapped a tambourine as the Preservation Hall Jazz Band marched into the music room, but he wasn’t the evening’s featured guest. That honor fell to Hozier, who sang a couple of songs at the Hall for a far smaller crowd than the throng he sang to at the Gentilly Stage earlier that day.
For the first time in a couple decades at least, Jazz Fest patrons could not buy CDs and albums by festival artists at the Fair Grounds. As music buying habits have changed, the festival apparently decided the return was no longer worth the considerable investment of logistics and manpower an on-site record retail operation demands.
However, MunckMix, the company that sells recordings of Jazz Fest performances, did operate its on-site store near the RhythmPourium. In addition to CDs of complete performances, the offerings included vinyl compilations with tracks by various artists from the 2022 and 2023 Jazz Fests.
The LPs are pressed on translucent heavyweight 180-gram vinyl by the local New Orleans Record Press. The packaging is barebones but the price is relatively inexpensive for new vinyl. The 2022 LPs were $20; the 2023 compilations were $25.
Volume 1 from 2022 includes cuts by Jon Cleary & the Absolute Monster Gentlemen, George Porter Jr., J & the Causeways, Bombino of Niger, Cyril Neville and more. The sound quality isn’t nearly as robust as a studio recording, and the performances are truly live, warts and all.
Fans sit on either side of a plastic pathway on the main Festival Stage field during Neil Young and Crazy Horse's performance at the 2024 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival on Saturday May 4, 2024.
But a live recording is a special kind of Jazz Fest souvenir. And if you wanted to take home some vinyl, MunckMix was your only option at the Fair Grounds. Hopefully, local record stores also saw a bump in business during Jazz Fest.
Ahead of the Foo Fighters’ Jazz Fest gig, the band released show-specific merchandise, including a black T-shirt emblazoned with “Foo Fighters NOLA,” a purple T-shirt that reads “Foos” and two variations of a poster depicting a swamp scene with an alligator and a heron snatching up a snake. The band donated net proceeds to two New Orleans charities: Grace at the Greenlight, which assists the local homeless population, and No Kid Hungry, which combats childhood hunger.
Sales were strong. A representative of Grace at the Greenlight said the organization received $20,000 from the Foo Fighters.
Irma Thomas wasn't the only New Orleans singer who sang with the Rolling Stones during the band's stellar show.
Backing vocalist Chanel Haynes is also from New Orleans. She was previously a member of the contemporary gospel trio Trin-i-tee 5:7; she also starred as Tina Turner in a musical staged in London’s West End.
Onstage with the Stones, she wailed on “Gimme Shelter” and “Sweet Sounds of Heaven," a track from the band’s 2023 album “Hackney Diamonds” (Lady Gaga is on the album version of the song).
Performing in her hometown with the Stones was a career highlight for Haynes.
“I will carry this day in my heart for all time,” she wrote on Instagram. “Remembering the flock of birds that flew above us in the sky as I belted out 'Sweet Sounds of Heaven,' I could feel and I knew that my ancestors had joined us all in this precious moment of my life.”
Note: This article has been edited after it was originally posted.
Email Keith Spera at kspera@theadvocate.com.
Only rarely in its 53 editions has the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival spanned eight days at the Fair Grounds. 
News Tips:nolanewstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: