Home    Forums    Music    Lady Gaga – LG6.5 & LG7 Gaga Returns
Lady Gaga has announced Harlequin, a companion album to the upcoming film Joker: Folie à Deux. The album is set for release this Friday, September 27th—one week before the movie will open in theaters worldwide on October 4th.
Tracklist:
01. “Good Morning”
02. “Get Happy” (2024)
03. “Oh, When the Saints”
04. “World on a String”
05. “If My Friends Could See Me Now”
06. “That’s Entertainment”
07. “Smile”
08. “The Joker”
09. “Folie à Deux”
10. “Gonna Build a Mountain”
11. “Closer to You”
12. “Happy Mistake”
13. “That’s Life”
Wow Happy Mistake is a serve…
Also this is definitely going Traditional Pop after listening to it. 
I really liked this album. “Happy Mistake” is the most mainstream appealing. It’s very Billie Eilish actually, but with more traditional production. The Joker is the rockish one. It’s a serve. I loved the covers of Gonna Build A Mountain, Close To You, Smile, Oh When The Saints and That’s Life. People that love Broadway or music like Michael Bublé will be enjoying it. Definitely more spectacular and fun than the collaborative albums with Bennett.
How do we think the album will be received? Is there a clear Oscars submission?
How do we think the album will be received? Is there a clear Oscars submission?

Folie A Deux.
I hope she gives The Joker some promotion. The song is obliviously the audience favorite from the album and her vocals there is just extraordinary. It has potentials to become a hit
Mayhem
My favorite. 
Stream MAYHEM, give Sarah Snook her Tony, Colin Farrell his Emmy and make Severance, The Studio + The Pitt sweep all awards!
The 3x Emmy Winner for Best Drama Series, Succession!
Harlequin by Lady Gaga has reached #1 on iTunes US in 20 minutes. The fastest album to do it in 2024. pic.twitter.com/4IgDBIeoMf
— pop culture gal (@allurequinn) September 27, 2024
happy mistake is stunning
happy mistake is stunning 
 Yes..  it truly is, but nothing beats The Joker. There’s just something about that song. I can’t stop playing it
Mayhem
A great listen! 
Happy Mistake is gorgeous! This isn’t for me but I liked it, it’s way better and feels more “Gaga” than C2C and L4S.
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media