Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker once again nailed their Halloween couples costume, looking mysterious and spooky as Morticia and Gomez Addams. 
Normal is an illusion.
And when it comes to Halloween, Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker go all out. It’s why it should come as no surprise that the pair looked totally creepy, kooky and all together perfectly ooky in their Morticia and Gomez Addams costumes.
The Lemme founder and Blink-182 drummer showed off their couple costume in a black and white video backed by The Addams Family theme song. For her part, Kourtney donned a velvet black dress bedecked in roses and long, billowing sleeves. She completed her Morticia look with the signature, waist-length, pin-straight black hair.
Travis, meanwhile, channeled Gomez in a pin-stripe suit, hair slicked back and colored black. He smoked a cigar and wore a fake mustache.
Kourtney captioned her Oct. 31 joint post, which saw the pair posing in a convertible and dancing together, as Travis trailed kisses up and down the 45-year-old’s arms, “How long has it been since we waltzed?”
But the couple—who together share son Rocky Barker, 1, as well as Travis’ kids Alabama Barker, 18, Landon Barker, 21, Atiana De La Hoya, 25, as well as Kourtney’s children Mason Disick, 14, Penelope Disick, 12, Reign Disick, 9, and—weren’t the only members of their blended family to get in on the Halloween fun.
In fact, for Rocky’s very first Halloween, Kourtney and Travis made sure to take advantage of the opportunity and dress their newly-1-year-old—who was born at exactly midnight on Nov. 1, 2023—in multiple costumes.
In snaps shared by Travis, Rocky could be seen in an adorable skeleton hoodie, followed by a bat costume and finally a t-shirt bearing the logo of Ozzy Osbourne's Diary of a Madman, with Rocky channeling the Prince of Darkness himself.
The 48-year-old simply captioned the festive photo dump, “October.”
Naturally, most of the Kardashian-Jenner family showed off intricate and epic costumes for this year’s spooky season.
For her part, Kim Kardashian transformed herself into an albino alligator. In her Oct. 31 post, the SKIMS founder donned head-to-toe prosthetics, covering her skin in white, reptilian skin and long claws. She even had a thick tail to match and wore haunting white contacts in her eyes.
Kim’s daughter North West—whom Kim shares with ex Kanye West in addition to Saint, 8, Chicago, 6, and Psalm, 5—likewise had some impressive costumes, channeling two musical inspirations as Tyler, the Creator and H.E.R. 
But whereas Kim’s costume this year was a fully body transformation, sister Kylie Jenner went a different route.
The beauty mogul went completely nude for her Halloween post, imitating Demi Moore’s 1996 film Striptease as she posed naked, her arms and legs carefully positioned.
But for a more mobile costume, Kylie later shared her sister costume with Kendall Jenner as the two dressed as Lizzie McGuire and Isabella Parigi in the Hilary Duff’s 2003 movie The Lizzie McGuire Movie.
Kylie captioned the post, “This is what dreams are made of.”
To see all the amazing celebrity Halloween looks this year, keep reading.
Dylan Sprouse & Barbara Palvin
The couple got into the spooky spirit at their Halloween bash with Casamigos.
Heidi Klum & Tom Kaulitz
The model and her husband matched as Mr. and Mrs. E.T. at her annual bash in New York City.
Khloe Kardashian
Me-ow! The Kardashians star was the purr-fect black cat for Halloween.
Lupita Nyong’o
The Oscar winner blew into the Broadway opening of Teeth dressed as Storm from X-Men.
Sophie Turner
The Game of Thrones alum channeled The Matrix, writing on Instagram, "Red or blue pill."
Joey King
Try everything? The Kissing Booth actress took that advice seriously, channeling Zootopia's Flash Slothmore.
Kacey Musgraves
The country singer followed her arrow as an armadillo.
Scott Foley, Kerry Washington & Tony Goldwyn
The Scandal costars aced their Challengers group costume.
Katy Perry
With the 2024 U.S. presidential election just days after Halloween, the "Roar" singer reminded Americans about their civic duty with her patriotic costume.
Cardi B
The "WAP" rapper looked red-hot in her Jessica Rabbit costume.
Ashley Tisdale & Christopher French
The High School Musical alum's family—including kids Jupiter and Emerson—were all in this together, dressing up as characters from The Wizard of Oz.
Heather Rae El Moussa & Tarek El Moussa
Love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage. Just ask the HGTV hosts, who dressed as Peggy Bundy and Al Bundy from Married... with Children.
Tyga
The "Rack City" rapper's heart grew three sizes as the Grinch during Darren Dzienciol’s Haunted Hotel presented by Utopia and Casa Azul Organic Tequila, at The Fairmont Century City in Los Angeles.
Selena Gomez & Benny Blanco
Don't be late to check out the pair's Alice in Wonderland couples costume.
Halle Berry
The Oscar winner was feeling witchy with her cat.
Kaley Cuoco & Tom Pelphrey
The Big Bang Theory alum dressed as her fiancé, while he looked the part of the actress in pink. Meanwhile, their daughter Matilda rocked a unicorn costume.
Ed Sheeran
The "Shape of You" singer had the perfect response to the viral AI-generated meme of himself. As he put it on Instagram, "Haters will say its AI #halloweenbruv #feltcutemightdeletelater."
Jennifer Garner
Prepare to be razzle-dazzled after the actress slipped back into her Jenna Rink dress from 13 Going on 30.
Victoria Beckham & David Beckham
Posh Spice and the soccer star wore scary masks to celebrate Halloween with their daughter Harper.
Diane Kruger
The Inglorious Basterds actress was ready for her first day of classes at Nevermore Academy dressed as Wednesday Addams.
Jennifer Love Hewitt
The I Know What You Did Last Summer star slayed with her Lydia Deetz costume.
Alyson Hanningan & Alexis Denisof
"Swifties get me," the Buffy the Vampire Slayer alum joked of her couples costume with her husband, which was a reference to Taylor Swift's "So High School" lyric, "You know how to ball, I know Aristotle."
Kelly Rowland
Halloween was a dog day afternoon for the Destiny's Child singer, who dressed up as Bluey's mom opposite of her son Noah.
Lily Collins
The Emily in Paris star spiced up her Halloween by channeling both Spice Girls' Emma Bunton and Victoria Beckham.
Kat Dennings & Andrew W.K.
The 2 Broke Girls alum and her rocker husband partied hard as a cat and a wizard, respectively.
Halle Bailey & Chloe Bailey
Jinkies and jeepers! The sisters were the perfect mystery solvers as Daphne and Velma from Scooby Doo. 
Elizabeth Gillies
The former Nickelodeon star looked unrecognizable as the titular villain in Longlegs.
Camila Cabello
In girl world, the "Havana" singer paid tribute to Mean Girls by wearing Regina George's Halloween costume.
Irina Shayk & Bradley Cooper
The friendly exes dressed as Lara Croft and a wolf, respectively, to take their daughter Lea trick-or-treating.
Gwen Stefani
There was no doubt the "Hollaback Girl" singer was going all out for Halloween, dressing up as Snow White to throw a party.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.