Woman Hilariously Rips Sunglasses Off Her Boyfriend While He’s Proposing (Photo by Scott Barbour/Getty Images)
A video is making the rounds online showing a woman ripping her boyfriend's sunglasses off while he's proposing. She was fast!
She ripped those sunglasses off with some serious speed and intensity. What's the deal? Some people online thought she did it because it was rude to propose with sunglasses on. Others guessed it was because she wanted to see his eyes while he proposed. However, she says she ripped his sunglasses off because she could see his reflection in his sunglasses and didn't want to see herself ugly crying. Check out the viral video shared by @angelxo.25 below.
What do you think? Do you think she really didn't want to see herself ugly crying or do you think there's more to the story? The TikTok video is captioned, "ALL I COULD SEE WAS MY REFLECTION DON'T BLAME ME." I'm not sure if that was her original caption or if she had to change it after commenters started speculating or something like that.
As always, the comment section on TikTok is hilarious. You can always rely on that for some laughs. The comments are often funnier than the funny videos! It's my favorite part of the app. One commenter said, "Sunglasses now, Xbox controller later." That's true. You can see it coming in their future and she's going to have some serious strength throwing that Xbox controller if it's anything like the way she took his sunglasses off. Other people aren't seeing it as comical pointing out that her actions might be a red flag. Others want to see the full longer version of the video. I just can't get over how many people are seeing this as a warning and telling him to run. It seems to be a majority of the comments. Do they have a point? I guess I would be a bit alarmed if she ripped my sunglasses off while proposing, but I also can see why it probably isn't the best idea for many reasons. I feel like it might be a casual move and that's a moment you want to be as formal as possible. That's something I might struggle with when it's time to propose because I love being casual (I'm comfy in sweatpants and a hoodie as I type this). 
What do you think? Was she just trying to not see herself ugly crying? Does he have to own some of the blame for choosing to wear sunglasses while proposing? Is that not a good idea?
Oh, Chuck The Freak. Where would we be without you? The funny man often makes the Peep Show what it is. I can't imagine the show without his wit, comedy, and good looks.
To celebrate Chuck The Freak, we've found 5 of our favorite hilarious Chuck moments from The Peep Show. Check them out below!
Obviously, choosing 5 favorite Chuck moments was no easy feat. Seriously, I feel like every moment with Chuck The Freak is worthy of a highlight. So, it was a challenging task finding 5 of the most hilarious. However, it has been done. Blood, sweat, tears, and laughs went into the effort. Now, I think we have the ultimate list.
These videos are all vastly different. They cover different topics, but they all have one thing in common: they're hilarious. Better yet...they're hilarious because of Chuck The Freak. Of course, you can search through our YouTube page and find hilarious Peep Shows featuring great moments from Dave, funny Lisa moments, Andy, Jason, and Al. Actually, you might have missed it but we already covered the Best Of Andy Peep Show Videos. Definitely worth checking out sometime. Then, come back sometime to DaveAndChuckTheFreak.com where we will soon have Best Of Peep Show videos and lists available for every member of the show! Just give me a minute, I'm getting to it, I promise.
In the videos below, you'll see several different sides of Chuck The Freak. There's the sexual side, one about Chuck dying, some advice you could only get from Chuck The Freak, and one video where Chuck shares his dreams. Now, that's personal! However, there's no boundaries and nothing is off limit with Chuck The Freak. You know that!
Ready for the best of the best? Check out 5 hilarious Chuck The Freak moments below!
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a girl who was rescued from a pond by a heroic trooper. Dave thinks it's a story with a happy ending but the rest of the show doesn't think it was as uplifting as he made it out to be. Thanks to this video, we now know what it will sound like when Chuck dies. How does it sound? Well, pretty funny!
Dave & Chuck the Freak discuss special underwear for avoiding swamp crotch. Dave brings up an ad he saw for "stop-drip technology", and Chuck mentions a weird tip he learned online. In this Peep Show video, he shares his tips with you. What you do with the advise is totally up to you.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about some fans of Lady Gaga that are upset with her for being featured in a migraine advertisement. Then, Chuck says if he took a pill that was able to grow his dong and hair, he would be the face of it for free! Now, that's a product I could get behind! There are so many products that would be awesome to see Chuck endorse. The one true influencer.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about marijuana-infused aphrodisiacs emerging as a new love drug in New York and when Chuck the Freak uses the term 'sexually active' we learn that he no longer lives in 'Pound Town'. Things change as the years go by. At some point, Pound Town has to close down. When it happens? Nobody knows, but we're all going to get there eventually.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a video that was posted by Taryn Manning (an actress known for 'Orange is the New Black', '8 Mile, and 'Hustle & Flow') where she discusses performing orally on the backdoor of a married man and buying him a new boat. Naturally, this had to be discussed. The conversation led to some hilarious and iconic Chuck The Freak moments. Check out the video above! One of the best.
[newsletter-signup label="Sign me for Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter!" description="Join now to receive the Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter. You'll get access to recaps of the best stories of the week, the Peep Show of the week, as well as weekly 'Street Bits' episodes, an uncensored Dave & Chuck the Freak exclusive, available only to subscribers." color="#000000" checkbox_content="By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time." logo="https://daveandchuckthefreak.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/114/2022/10/logo.png" subscription_attributes="list_dave_chuck_daily_download" subscription_id="d9e7fee0-47e7-4227-aa4e-de1b352047d4" ]
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!