While skin types and makeup preferences vary, there’s no question that a healthy-looking, glowing complexion is the common goal, and a good foundation is a great place to start. If you’re going for an especially radiant look, consider one of the best dewy foundations featured here—many of which include skincare ingredients (like hyaluronic acid, turmeric root extract and fermented arnica) that hydrate and nourish skin. Our top pick from Charlotte Tilbury was chosen for its softening ingredients, buildable formula and luminous finish.
The best dewy foundations help you look glowy and radiant, no matter your skin type.
According to NYC-based makeup artist Keita Moore, to shop this category you’ll want to think about desired coverage level, moisturizing qualities based on your skin type and finish. From luxury iterations to full coverage formulas, here are 10 expert-approved picks for the best dewy foundations.
Sephora
Shades: 30 | Finish: Radiant | Coverage: Medium
This radiant-finish foundation is formulated with hyaluronic acid, rose complex and coconut extract to smooth, hydrate and soften the complexion while you wear it. Although it has medium coverage, the formula is buildable, so you can customize it with your application. Reviewers say it lasts through the day without getting cakey. 
Amazon
Shades: 23 | Finish: Dewy | Coverage: Medium
Ideal for those with oily skin who still want a dewy—yet not greasy—finish, the Maybelline Fit Me Dewy + Smooth Foundation is an oil-free formula that also provides sun protection. Moore is a big fan of the foundation’s medium coverage and loves how it leaves a natural, luminous finish. Packed with vitamin E, it’s also a great solution for combination or dry complexions, too. (Keep in mind, however, that the SPF 18 is lower than the SPF 30 recommended by the American Academy of Dermatology, so plan to use a separate sunscreen.)
Nordstrom
Shades: 24 | Finish: Radiant | Coverage: Light to medium
A Clé de Peau devotee for years, celebrity makeup artist Kira Nasrat likes how this foundation lives between two textures: It’s not a cream, but not quite a liquid. Formulated with hyaluronic acid for intense hydration, it delivers a fresh glow to skin along with SPF 25. It’s lightweight but buildable, and its lineup of nourishing ingredients—glycerin, rose hip extract and hydrolyzed silk—leaves skin feeling and looking healthy. 
Sephora
Shades: 40 | Finish: Natural | Coverage: Sheer to medium
With an impressive lineup of brightening ingredients that include anti-inflammatory turmeric root extract and vitamin C, Nars Sheer Glow Foundation helps fade hyperpigmentation over time and boosts collagen. It also includes glycerin for hydration—which explains why we consider it one of the best foundations for dry skin, too.
Sephora
Shades: 40 | Finish: Natural | Coverage: Medium
Just about any makeup artist has had this dewy foundation in their kit at one point or another; it delivers an airbrushed finish that allows skin to still shine through. It’s also excellent for mature skin types, as it won’t settle into fine lines and hydrates skin with the help of glycerin. Also, Moore notes, because it includes a proprietary “second-skin” technology, the pigment adheres seamlessly and is never cakey. 
Sephora
Shades: 42 | Finish: Radiant | Coverage: Medium to full
Blended with iris, wild pansy, hibiscus and nasturtium extracts, this foundation pairs full coverage with a lightweight feel. It’s a favorite of Moore, who likes it for its luminosity and hydrating benefits; however, he recommends not using it on oily skin. It comes in an impressive array of 42 shades, too.
Sephora
Shades: 36 | Finish: Radiant | Coverage: Medium
This medium-coverage formula has a serum-like finish that looks just like natural skin—only better. And it’s no wonder: It includes hyaluronic acid and rice bran peptides to help plump, hydrate and brighten skin. What’s more, polyglutamic acid works to soften the appearance of fine lines and pores, while antioxidant-rich Indian gooseberry extract and sugar-derived squalane lock in moisture.
Amazon
Shades: 12 | Finish: Radiant | Coverage: Lightweight
A foundation and tinted moisturizer hybrid, Diffusion Dew is infused with niacinamide and adenosine (which is said to boost collagen production) for a luminous, healthy-looking glow. Although Nasrat is very loyal to the products already in her makeup arsenal, when Make Diffusion Dew came along, she immediately added it to her rotation. “It doesn’t feel like you have makeup on,” she says, adding that it’s buildable but never feels heavy. 
Sephora
Shades: 51 | Finish: Radiant | Coverage: Medium
With a vast range of shades to choose from, this foundation from the Lady Gaga-helmed line already has a large TikTok following (over 850,000 hashtags that read #hauslabsfoundation) for its beloved serum-like texture. It’s formulated with over 20 skincare ingredients and includes a patent-pending fermented arnica, which is said to be 860% more potent than the conventional version and can reduce redness and irritation, help even skin tone, and protect skin from environmental stressors.
Sephora
Shades: 36 | Finish: Satin | Coverage: Medium
Created by one of the most recognizable makeup artists Pat McGrath, this dewy foundation was born on the runway. The formula has a weightless feel and is infused with skincare ingredients like hyaluronic acid and ceramides for intense hydration. It’s also enriched with diamond core powder, which diffuses light and provides a soft focus finish. 
At Forbes Vetted, we’ve researched and written dozens of makeup stories, including the best lightweight foundations and foundation for combination skin.
To choose this list, we looked at a combination of individual product features, customer reviews and expert insights.