By NIOMI HARRIS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:28, 1 October 2024   |  Updated:  11:47, 1 October 2024   
 92
View  comments
Victoria Beckham has revealed what she does on a date night with husband David Beckham.
The former Spice Girl, 50, has been married to the football legend, 49, for an incredible 25 years, with the couple tying the knot in a lavish ceremony at Luttrellstown Castle near Dublin in 1999.
And in a new chat with The Sunday Times' Style magazine, Victoria revealed the key touches she does to ensures she looks and feels her best while spending quality time with her love.
The fashion designer told how she does whatever she can to feel 'confident' and the 'best version of myself' during the date, and that begins with her clothes.
Victoria noted that a nice suit or a silky gown is her go to when she hits the town with David, while the perfect fragrance goes a long way too.
Victoria Beckham has revealed what she does on a date night with husband David Beckham 
The former Spice Girl, 50, has been married to the football legend, 49, for an incredible 25 years, with the couple tying the knot in a lavish ceremony at Luttrellstown Castle near Dublin in 1999 (pictured in 2004)
Victoria explained: 'Fragrance is also such a powerful finishing touch - I think of it as an invisible accessory.'
The stunner went on to say that she's currently 'obsessed' with her very own £170-per bottle 21:50 Reverie fragrance.
Plugging her scent, Victoria told how it was 'a heady vanilla perfume inspired by a romantic dinner I had with David in Java about 20 years ago.' 
Meanwhile, to get her into the mood for a night out, the mother-of-four listens to Bruno Mars and Lady Gaga's track Die With A Smile, with Victoria having recently seen 'incredible' Bruno live in Las Vegas.
It comes after last month, Victoria revealed how her husband David bought a brand new Prada suit just to 'impress her' on their first date after she said she liked the brand.
The fashion designer opened up about the beginning of their relationship in an episode of the new documentary In Vogue: The 90s, which started streaming on in September on Disney+.
Gushing about her love for designer clothes, she recalled: 'Versace, Prada, and Gucci, they were my go-to designers. What was it they were getting right at the time? I suppose they really understood the power of celebrity.
'The Italians embraced that. When I first met David in 1997 he'd heard that I was the Spice Girl that liked the designer clothes.'
In a new chat with The Sunday Times' Style magazine , Victoria revealed the key touches she does to ensures she looks and feels her best while spending quality time with her love
Victoria noted that a nice suit or a silky gown is her go to when she hits the town with David, while the perfect fragrance goes a long way too
The fashion designer told how she does whatever she can to feel 'confident' and the 'best version of myself' during the date, and that begins with her clothes
The former Spice Girl told the camera: 'So, after me going to a couple of football matches and I would say, you know, me sort of like, pursuing him, he'd probably say me stalking him, we arranged to go out on a date together.
'He's like, "I don't know what to wear, she's the one who likes designer clothes," and so he actually went out and bought himself a full Prada look for our first date, to impress me.'
Laughing, she added: 'Which it did, because it was Prada.'
Victoria's words comes after she rocked a leggy black dress as she and her family left Paris on Sunday following her successful fashion week show.
The designer showed off her toned legs in the stylish number and looked stony-faced as she departed the French capital after an extremely busy week.
Meanwhile her leather-clad husband David, 49, held hands with their daughter Harper, 13, as they departed their swanky hotel.
It comes after last month, Victoria revealed how her husband David bought a brand new Prada suit just to 'impress her' on their first date after she said she liked the brand 
The fashion designer opened up about the beginning of their relationship in an episode of the new documentary In Vogue: The 90s, which started streaming on in September on Disney+(pictured in 2001)
The former Spice Girl told the camera: 'So, after me going to a couple of football matches and I would say, you know, me sort of like, pursuing him, he'd probably say me stalking him, we arranged to go out on a date together'
Victoria's chic dress featured floaty sleeves and was cinched in at the waist as she boosted her height with heeled boots and carried a sleek handbag.
David wore a black leather jacket and dark trousers as he joined Harper, who looked stylish in a grey jumper and jeans. 
Cruz Beckham and his girlfriend Jackie Apostel were also seen leaving the hotel after the full-on weekend. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group