Margot Robbie is spearheading yet another major toy-to-movie adaptation.
After finding record-breaking success during her lead role in Greta Gerwig's Barbie, she was tapped as a producer for a live action Monopoly movie. The announcement of the board game-themed movie came from movie studio Lionsgate on April 10 CinemaCon in Las Vegas. They confirmed their partnership with toy company Hasbro and Margot's production company LuckyChap.
A Monopoly movie has been cooking up for awhile, long before this massive announcement. Kevin Hart and Tim Story previously attempted the move with Kevin taking leading. However, it didn't seem to pan out as they struggled to find the right vision.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Joker: Folie A Deux trailer drives fans wild as Lady Gaga appears with Joaquin Phoenix
After Lionsgate got the rights to the moving following their 2023 acquisition of Hasbro’s entertainment studio, eOne, a “clear point of view” was developed. Lionsgate Motion Picture Group chair Adam Fogelson told the Independent: “I could not imagine a better production team for this beloved and iconic brand than LuckyChap.
"They are exceptional producers who choose their projects with great thought and care, and join Monopoly with a clear point of view. We are tremendously excited to be working with the entire LuckyChap team on what we all believe can be their next blockbuster.”
As for LuckyChap, which is run by Margot, they said in a statement: “Monopoly is a top property – pun fully intended. Like all of the best IP, this game has resonated worldwide for generations, and we are so excited to bring this game to life alongside the wonderful teams involved at Lionsgate and Hasbro.”
While the companies are insistent on their commitment to the direction of the film, they've yet to divulge details on what that plot could look like. Hasbro Entertainment film head Zev Foreman explained that the game "provides an incredible platform for storytelling opportunities."
He said: "We are thrilled to have the unique vision of LuckyChap and Lionsgate alongside us to bring this historic piece of popular culture to the big screen.”
Whether or not Margot will appear on the big screen to represent a child's toy again is yet to be clarified. After all, her appearance as Barbie quickly became an iconic part of 2023's pop culture vision.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.