Photo: Getty Images
Lady Gaga is feeling the love with fiancé Michael Polansky and is revealing the impressive "romantic" gift he surprised her with for a very special day.
While speaking to Rolling Stone for its "The Breakdown" online series, the "Born This Way" singer shared how her partner surprised her on Valentine's Day with a gift to assist in her music career, revealing that he built her a studio at home.
"Michael built a home studio," she said, claiming he transformed his own space into one for his love. "For Valentine's Day, he said, 'I have a surprise for you,' and he turned his office into music studio. I mean, it's kind of romantic."
According to People, Polanksy has collaborated with his fiancée on her music before. They worked together on Gaga's Joker: Folie à Deux companion album Harlequin as well as her latest single "Disease," the lead single from her highly-anticipated forthcoming album. The musician said working with her partner on the track was "so special" and "super interesting because he knows me so well."
"I think that this song and the lyrics took on a much deeper meaning because we were able to tap into maybe some things that I didn't really want to admit that I was writing about and, like, we were able to do that," she said.
Gaga also recalled how Polansky would support her throughout the process. 
"Something that Michael said to me every day that I was working is he said, 'Go do what you were born to do and do it with every cell in your body and have fun and be confident in your music,'" she said, adding, "I think part of, maybe, the magic of my relationship is that I can completely be my full creative self. It makes the producing process and the writing process really fluid with home life, too. It's like a beautiful way to live. I'm really grateful for it."
Gaga and Polansky have been linked romantically since 2020, and the Chromatica artist confirmed their engagement in July 2024 while speaking to the French prime minister at the Paris Olympics. Gaga has previously shared how her mom is the reason she met her fiancé in the first place.