Halle Bailey, Tyla and Coi Leray all channeled iconic Halle Berry characters for Halloween, an honor the Oscar winner called the “best compliment ever.”
Halle Bailey wants to be part of Halle Berry’s world.
So much so, in fact, that the Little Mermaid actress dressed up as one of the Monster’s Ball star’s iconic film roles for Halloween and earned the Oscar winner’s stamp of approval.
Bailey—who shares son Halo, 10 months, with her rapper ex DDG—shared photos to Instagram Oct. 30 of herself channeling Berry’s James Bond character Jinx Johnson from 2002’s Die Another Day. For the look, she sported an orange bikini and was strapped with a white belt holster complete with the secret agent’s knife. Bailey even rocked Berry’s short haircut from the film while appearing in front of a beach.
“My girl did that!” the Catwoman actress commented on Bailey’s post. “What a huge compliment! Love you angel.”
But Berry’s influence didn’t just inspire the Color Purple actress for the fa-boo-lous holiday. Indeed, fellow musicians Tyla and Coi Leray also channeled iconic Halle Berry looks for the spooky season.
Tyla mimicked Berry’s character from 1994’s The Flintstones and rocked an animal print two-piece, earrings and a necklace made from rocks and Berry’s signature short hair. She also held replicas of props from the film, including a chisel, mallet and stone tablets.
“Well I’ve been a very bad girl,” the “Water” singer captioned her Oct. 30 Instagram post, referencing Berry’s notable line from the film, “but you have to admit…I was very verrrrry good at it.”
A post shared by Halle Bailey (@hallebailey)
The X-Men actress loved the ‘fit, commenting, “Too good.”
Meanwhile, rapper Coi Leray channeled Berry’s Patience Phillips from 2004’s Catwoman, donning the revealing all-black suit while she posed along a waterfront. She also wore Catwoman’s signature head covering with cat ears and carried a whip.
Berry praised the look as well, writing on the Oct. 30 Instagram post, “Killed it!!”
To emphasize her love for what she called the “best compliment ever,” Berry wrote on X (formerly Twitter), “They all crushed it.”
Read on to see how more stars celebrated Halloween this year.
Dylan Sprouse & Barbara Palvin
The couple got into the spooky spirit at their Halloween bash with Casamigos.
Heidi Klum & Tom Kaulitz
The model and her husband matched as Mr. and Mrs. E.T. at her annual bash in New York City.
Khloe Kardashian
Me-ow! The Kardashians star was the purr-fect black cat for Halloween.
Lupita Nyong’o
The Oscar winner blew into the Broadway opening of Teeth dressed as Storm from X-Men.
Sophie Turner
The Game of Thrones alum channeled The Matrix, writing on Instagram, "Red or blue pill."
Joey King
Try everything? The Kissing Booth actress took that advice seriously, channeling Zootopia's Flash Slothmore.
Kacey Musgraves
The country singer followed her arrow as an armadillo.
Scott Foley, Kerry Washington & Tony Goldwyn
The Scandal costars aced their Challengers group costume.
Katy Perry
With the 2024 U.S. presidential election just days after Halloween, the "Roar" singer reminded Americans about their civic duty with her patriotic costume.
Cardi B
The "WAP" rapper looked red-hot in her Jessica Rabbit costume.
Ashley Tisdale & Christopher French
The High School Musical alum's family—including kids Jupiter and Emerson—were all in this together, dressing up as characters from The Wizard of Oz.
Heather Rae El Moussa & Tarek El Moussa
Love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage. Just ask the HGTV hosts, who dressed as Peggy Bundy and Al Bundy from Married... with Children.
Tyga
The "Rack City" rapper's heart grew three sizes as the Grinch during Darren Dzienciol’s Haunted Hotel presented by Utopia and Casa Azul Organic Tequila, at The Fairmont Century City in Los Angeles.
Selena Gomez & Benny Blanco
Don't be late to check out the pair's Alice in Wonderland couples costume.
Halle Berry
The Oscar winner was feeling witchy with her cat.
Kaley Cuoco & Tom Pelphrey
The Big Bang Theory alum dressed as her fiancé, while he looked the part of the actress in pink. Meanwhile, their daughter Matilda rocked a unicorn costume.
Ed Sheeran
The "Shape of You" singer had the perfect response to the viral AI-generated meme of himself. As he put it on Instagram, "Haters will say its AI #halloweenbruv #feltcutemightdeletelater."
Jennifer Garner
Prepare to be razzle-dazzled after the actress slipped back into her Jenna Rink dress from 13 Going on 30.
Victoria Beckham & David Beckham
Posh Spice and the soccer star wore scary masks to celebrate Halloween with their daughter Harper.
Diane Kruger
The Inglorious Basterds actress was ready for her first day of classes at Nevermore Academy dressed as Wednesday Addams.
Jennifer Love Hewitt
The I Know What You Did Last Summer star slayed with her Lydia Deetz costume.
Alyson Hanningan & Alexis Denisof
"Swifties get me," the Buffy the Vampire Slayer alum joked of her couples costume with her husband, which was a reference to Taylor Swift's "So High School" lyric, "You know how to ball, I know Aristotle."
Kelly Rowland
Halloween was a dog day afternoon for the Destiny's Child singer, who dressed up as Bluey's mom opposite of her son Noah.
Lily Collins
The Emily in Paris star spiced up her Halloween by channeling both Spice Girls' Emma Bunton and Victoria Beckham.
Kat Dennings & Andrew W.K.
The 2 Broke Girls alum and her rocker husband partied hard as a cat and a wizard, respectively.
Halle Bailey & Chloe Bailey
Jinkies and jeepers! The sisters were the perfect mystery solvers as Daphne and Velma from Scooby Doo. 
Elizabeth Gillies
The former Nickelodeon star looked unrecognizable as the titular villain in Longlegs.
Camila Cabello
In girl world, the "Havana" singer paid tribute to Mean Girls by wearing Regina George's Halloween costume.
Irina Shayk & Bradley Cooper
The friendly exes dressed as Lara Croft and a wolf, respectively, to take their daughter Lea trick-or-treating.
Gwen Stefani
There was no doubt the "Hollaback Girl" singer was going all out for Halloween, dressing up as Snow White to throw a party.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.