It's possible you might be worried about my bona fides this week. And I admit that if you could see what I’m wearing as I write this - stained denim shirt, cheap trousers and a pair of Skechers - you’d be perfectly entitled to ask what could he possibly know about fashion?


  And the answer is not much really, but as Oscar Wilde - a man who knew how to rock a velvet suit - once said: “We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.” Or at least that Alexander McQueen skull-embroidered silk blouson jacket. *


  So here comes everybody: models, designers, photographers, stylists, teachers and style icons. A well-dressed list to represent Scotland’s gift to the story of fashion.


Ronald Paterson


  Ultimately all our names are written in sand, but Scottish couture designer Ronald Paterson is one whose name and achievements seem in particular need of reclaiming from the waves. Trained in Paris and London, Paterson set up his own couture house in the latter in 1947 and was soon designing for royalty and high society.


  He continued in business until 1968 before turning his hand to costume design for films, including the 1977 James Bond movie The Spy Who Loved Me. The navy silk evening dress he created for Barbara Bach in the movie was sold by Christie’s for more than £40,000 in an online auction in 2022.


Sam McKnight was a miner’s son from New Cumnock (Image: free)


Sam McKnight


  Fashion is a team game and any self-respecting stylist would know that hairdresser Sam McKnight should always be on the team sheet. A miner’s son from New Cumnock, he has worked with everyone from Kate Moss and Naomi Campbell to Lady Gaga and Princess Diana (they used to watch Brookside together whilst he styled her royal hair).


  “His is the art of the artful pin, the concealed weave, the flamboyant wig,” I wrote when I met him in 2016. Not that he has ever really sought the limelight. “I don’t have a huge ego,” he told me. “My work is to help create the best image. It’s not really about me.”


  But for the purposes of today it very much is.


Scottish model Stella Tennant died at 50 (Image: PA)


Stella Tennant


  Ayr’s Kirsty Hume can feel a bit miffed, but it’s Tennant who has made the shortlist. The youngest child of Tobias Tennant of the Glenconner family, Stella Tennant was spotted by the photographer Steven Meisel on a Vogue shoot. He offered her the chance to model for a Versace campaign. Soon, she was bringing her aristocratic cheekbones, androgynous looks and not-that-fussed attitude to the catwalk (75 shows in one season, it is said).


  Tennant, like Kate Moss, represented a shift away from the supermodel look of the early 1990s. In 1996 Karl Lagerfeld made her the face of Chanel (replacing Claudia Schiffer; Schiffer was not thrilled).


  Tennant, who remained rooted in Scotland, announced her first retirement at the age of 30, but found she could juggle motherhood and family life with modelling and continued to do so until her death at the age of 50 in 2020.


Patrick Grant (Image: free)


Patrick Grant


  I’m tempted to include him just for the moustache, to be honest. The Edinburgh-born judge on The Great British Showing Bee has been one of the great advocates for the craft of clothes-making, first as a Savile Row tailor and more recently with the fashion label Community Clothing. Like Cathal McAteer, the founder of the Folk menswear label who himself is originally from Cumbernauld, Grant is less about glamour and more about the importance of well-designed, wearable clothes, ones that are the opposite of fast fashion.


Ray Petri


  On the cover of the Face magazine issue number 59 (dated March 1985) there’s an image of a young boy wearing a hat with the word “Killer” torn from a newspaper in the brim. He is staring out at the reader with a gaze that says “what are you looking at?” The legend “Hard” is superimposed over the jacket and high white polo neck he’s wearing.


  The photograph by Jamie Morgan was styled by Ray Petri cemented the arrival of a formidable new talent. Under the Buffalo label, the Dundonian Petri effectively invented the idea of the fashion stylist through his work for magazines like The Face, Arena and i-D. Drawing on street style, he used flight jackets and brogues to offer up a new vision of male masculinity, one that was both tough and tender. Petri worked with Bowie and Neneh Cherry (her hit Buffalo Stance was inspired by Petri’s collective), but he died far too young, at just 42, of AIDS. He passed away in 1989, at the end of the decade he had done so much to help shape.


Christopher Kane graduated from Central Saint Martins (Image: free)


Christopher Kane


  Last year the most noteworthy Scottish fashion designer of the 21st century was forced to put his company into administration. It was a sad (hopefully temporary) end to a whirlwind success story. Kane, from Newarthill, graduated from Central Saint Martins in London in 2006 and was immediately lauded as the coming man. His bodycon dresses caught the eye and only three years later the Guardian was asking, “Is Christopher Kane the hottest designer on the high street?” Kane worked with Donatella Versace and in more recent years has designed clothes for the Princess of Wales and been worn by Dua Lipa at the Brits. Let’s hope the second act of his fashion life begins soon.


Pam Hogg (Image: free)


Pam Hogg


  “Once a punk, always a punk,” Pam Hogg believes. The fashion designer known for her blonde quiff and skin-tight designs has been bringing a peacock flamboyance and razor-sharp attitude to fashion since the 1980s. Lady Gaga and Rihanna are among those who have benefitted as a result.


Jonathan Saunders


  Michelle Obama, Madonna, Kate Middleton, Lady Gaga. All have worn the designs of the Glaswegian designer Jonathan Saunders. Known for his colourful op art prints, he was a hit straight out of the gate. As soon as he graduated from Central Saint Martins in 2002 he caught the eye of fashion designers and fashion magazines. Alexander McQueen commissioned Saunders to design prints just two days after his graduation show. He would go on to work for Pucci, Chloe and Diane von Furstenberg (where he was chief creative officer). The latter role came after he had closed his own label in 2015. In recent years he has moved into designing home furnishings.


Louise Wilson (Image: free)


Louise Wilson


  Arguably the most important name on this list. As the head of the MA Fashion course at Central Saint Martins she helped nurture a generation of British fashion designers including Alexander McQueen, Mary Katrantzou, Phoebe Philo and the aforementioned Christopher Kane and Jonathan Saunders. Born in Cambridgeshire, she was brought up in Jedburgh from the age of nine. She did a textiles course at Galashiels Technical College and then studied fashion in Preston before heading to London. She was offered the job of MA Fashion in 1992 and continued it until her death in 2014. She also was a design director for Donna Karan in New York for five years.


  She offered her students tough love and drove them to find their inner resourcefulness as well as ensuring they had the requisite clothes-making skills. “It’s not all fur coat and no knickers,” Jonathan Saunders once recalled her saying. “It’s fully knickered under the fur coat.”


Photo supplied by Pirelli of photographer Albert Watson (second right) with Alexander Wang and model Gigi Hadid behind the scenes during the making of the 2019 Pirelli Calendar (Image: Pirelli)


Albert Watson


  “I was never a fashion photographer; I am a photographer who works in fashion,” Albert Watson once noted. It may be why he is not the first name we think of when we think of the creation of fashion images. Well, that and his remarkable catalogue of celebrity and landscape photographs. But Watson, originally from Edinburgh, has shot over 100 Vogue covers and has worked with everyone from Kate Moss to Gigi Hadid. Now 82, he remains one of the most distinctive image-makers in the world. So not just a fashion photographer then. It’s simpler than that. He’s one of the great photographers. But maybe that’s another list.


Bill Gibb


  Cheating now with an 11th entry, but fashion is all about excess. The fashion designer Bill Gibb was just 44 when he died of cancer in 1988, two years after his final collection. By then the circus had already moved on, but during the 1970s Gibb was one of the ringmasters. Born in Fraserburgh, the farmer’s son was voted Vogue Designer of the Year in 1970. Harrods even opened a Bill Gibb room. Best known for his eveningwear and knitwear (some of which he created in collaboration with Kaffe Fassett) the patronage of Twiggy helped make his name and soon Elizabeth Taylor and Bianca Jagger were amongst those who sought out his designs.


* McQueen’s Scottish links - like designer Jean Muir’s for that matter - are impeccable, but neither fit the largely arbitrary criteria applied to this list.


  It should have been a safe space for informed debate, somewhere for readers to discuss issues around the biggest stories of the day, but all too often the below the line comments on most websites have become bogged down by off-topic discussions and abuse. 


  heraldscotland.com is tackling this problem by allowing only subscribers to comment.


  We are doing this to improve the experience for our loyal readers and we believe it will reduce the ability of trolls and troublemakers, who occasionally find their way onto our site, to abuse our journalists and readers. We also hope it will help the comments section fulfil its promise as a part of Scotland's conversation with itself.


  We are lucky at The Herald. We are read by an informed, educated readership who can add their knowledge and insights to our stories. 


  That is invaluable. 


  We are making the subscriber-only change to support our valued readers, who tell us they don't want the site cluttered up with irrelevant comments, untruths and abuse.


  In the past, the journalist’s job was to collect and distribute information to the audience. Technology means that readers can shape a discussion. We look forward to hearing from you on heraldscotland.com


                    Readers’ comments: You are personally liable for the content of  any comments you upload to this website,  so please act responsibly. We do not  pre-moderate or monitor readers’ comments appearing on our websites, but we do post-moderate in response to complaints we receive or otherwise when a potential problem comes to  our attention.  You can make  a  complaint by using the ‘report this post’ link .  We may then apply our discretion under the user terms to amend or delete comments.
                

                    Post moderation is undertaken full-time 9am-6pm on weekdays, and on a part-time basis outwith those hours.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.