ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CA - NOVEMBER 20:  Singer Bruno Mars performs onstage during the 2016 American Music ... More Awards at Microsoft Theater on November 20, 2016 in Los Angeles, California. Bruno Mars' “That’s What I Like” bolts up both of Billboard’s global tallies this frame, reaching a new peak on the two lists that show what the world is listening to. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
Bruno Mars is enjoying a huge week on Billboard’s global charts. As his new single “Die with a Smile” with Lady Gaga debuts, several of his biggest smashes either return or rise from where they sat last time around. One years-old cut that already stands out as one of his most famous even manages to climb higher than ever before.
“That’s What I Like” bolts up both of Billboard’s global tallies this frame. As it rises, the smash reaches a new peak on the two lists that show what the world is listening to.
Mars’ hit cracks the upper half for the very first time on the Billboard Global Excl. US. On that roster, which ranks the most-consumed songs in the world–with all streaming and sales data from America removed–the R&B-leaning tune shoots from No. 184 to No. 99.
Over on the Billboard Global 200, the song experiences a similar growth in popularity. “That’s What I Like” pushes from No. 197 to No. 103. That’s a new peak for the cut, and it almost pushed past the No. 100 marker.
“That’s What I Like” is also performing well once again in America. The track returns to one Billboard ranking that’s specific to the country, as it reappears on the R&B Streaming Songs list. On that ranking of the most-streamed R&B-only smashes, Mars’ tune that took home the Song of the Year Grammy lands at No. 14.
That is not, however, a newly-established high point for Mars’ single. “That’s What I Like” has previously ruled the R&B Digital Song Sales chart. It has now managed 60 weeks somewhere on the roster.
Mars manages to appear higher than ever before in his career on both of Billboard’s worldwide charts this week. “Die with a Smile” debuts at No. 2 on both the Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. US simultaneously. The song marks Gaga’s first trip to the top 10 on the two lists. Mars has cracked the competitive tier once on the Billboard Global 200, though he’s also new to the top 10 on the Billboard Global Excl. US.