The granddaughter of infamous Mexican drug lord Joaquín 'El Chapo' Guzmán has been spotted at yet another famous European landmark, and her fans are all saying the same thing.
Frida Sofía Guzmán Muñoz, 18, has been holidaying in Europe in recent months. Instagram posts show her at several locations including the Louvre, Buckingham Palace, the Tower of London and Disneyland Paris.
Frida - a singer who launched her career following an appearance on a Mexican TV talent show - recently visited Scotland and searched for the Loch Ness Monster. She also joined a busker in Leicester Square. The pair belted out Shallow, a song originally performed by Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga in hit movie A Star Is Born.
READ MORE: El Chapo's granddaughter goes on hunt for Loch Ness Monster while holidaying in UK
Click for more of the latest updates regarding jailed Sinaloa Cartel boss El Chapo.
This week she shared more glam snaps showing her posing in front of another landmark - the Trevi Fountain in Rome, Italy. Frida was seen wearing a white puffy jacket and black shades.
Her followers were quick to react to the snaps in the comments section, and they all said the same thing. One said: "Very beautiful." A second wrote: "My beautiful little girl." While a third said: "My Sofia is beautiful."
Frida's grandfather El Chapo, once the leader of the Sinaloa Cartel, remains caged for life in the Florence Supermax prison in Colorado, US. Frida's father is Edgar Guzmán López, one of El Chapo's sons who was killed in a cartel shootout in Culiacan, Sinaloa, in 2008. Her mum is now married to Mexican boxing legend Julio César Chávez Jr.
Authorities are still hunting for Frida's uncles, known collectively as Los Chapitos. They stand accused of flooding the US with deadly fentanyl, contributing to spirally overdose deaths, among a raft of other cartel-related crimes.
Ovidio Guzmán López was arrested in January last year and is in US custody. Iván Archivaldo Guzmán Salazar, Jesús Alfredo Guzmán Salazar and Joaquín Guzmán López remain at large.
For the latest breaking news and stories from across the globe from the Daily Star, sign up for our newsletter by clicking here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.