AN artist who specialises in clothing, ceramics, fragrances and homewares has found a new venue in Bridgwater.


  Nathan Slate has begun work in Clare Street, for a business venture that 'will bring art and food together'.


  He hopes to open the doors to the new premises located just off the High Street, in the coming weeks.


  Inside, Nathan will will not only showcase his art,  but will also be hosting events and workshops.


  Speaking about finding the space, Nathan said: “Finding the perfect space to call my own was really challenging, but I’m so happy to have found my business a home in Bridgwater.


  “I knew at the start of my search that I needed a space that ticked all of the boxes and I knew there might be a bit of a wait involved but in the end I think I’ve ended up in exactly the right place for my new business to thrive. 


  “I was looking for somewhere that would be a good space for creating new art, and showcasing the work of other artists, both local and international.


  "Thanks to the internet and sites like Instagram, I think we’re living in a more connected world, which is something I’d really like to show through my new business.


  “I’m looking forward to welcoming people through the doors soon and can’t wait to introduce people in Somerset to the space and the artwork available from myself and other creators.”


  Nathan Slate previously founded popular restaurant Nobregas in Taunton, before travelling to Madeira to focus on creations under his own label, before then returning to Somerset to bring his business back to the UK.


  He added: “Opening a new venue is always a bit daunting, but I trust that the community here in Bridgwater, and more broadly in Somerset, will be able to see my vision for the space here and support me in this venture as they have in my other work.”


  Nathan began as a local fashion designer in Essex, before going on to study fashion design at London universities.


  He has worked for renowned designers across London, dressing the likes of A-list celebrities such as Lady Gaga, Rihanna and Naomi Campbell.


  Now living between Somerset and Madeira Island, Nathan practices art as escapism and has a passion for interior design whilst still creating fashion collections in addition to his ceramics and homewares.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.