“Joker: Folie a Deux” made headlines this week for all the wrong reasons: The follow-up to 2019’s blockbuster “Joker” about the demented comic-book villain bombed with both critics and audiences despite the return of Oscar winner Joaquin Phoenix and the star power of Lady Gaga.
The film has become the latest member of an exclusive club that no movie wants to be a part of: failed sequels to blockbuster films. The list is littered with dozens of head-scratching misfires that somehow missed out on the creative and unique elements that made the original so successful.
Although these “second time around” offerings are undeniably losers, many have also attracted cult followings who adore their “so bad it’s good” charms. The following are essential “bad sequels” available for streaming. Watch at your own peril.
Signature line: Regan, when asked about her problems: “I was possessed by a demon. Oh, it’s OK. He’s gone.”
Signature line: Terrorized teen Tina Wilcox: “Sh-sh-sh-SHAAAAARRRRRRK!”
Signature line: The “Cool Rider” lyric, “If he’s cool enough, he can burn me through and through, whoa, whoa, whoa.”
Signature line: Stage director on the big dance show: “The name of the show is ‘Satan’s Alley.’ It’s a journey though hell, which ends with an ascent into heaven.”
Signature line: Geiger calling out, “Annie, come back! You’re my hostage!”
			
Today Only: All Articles Are Free for World Press Freedom Day
As a locally owned organization, we rely heavily on reader support to stay independent. Help sustain our work by donating to our Community Funded Journalism program today.
The Columbian’s Community Funded Journalism Program is designed to raise awareness for important issues in Clark County, including homelessness, transportation, climate change, and the environment. Donations to Local Media Foundation for this program are tax deductible to the extent of the law. Please consult a tax advisor for details. No goods or services are provided in exchange for donations. This program is administered by Local Media Foundation, tax ID #36-4427750, a Section 501(c)(3) charitable trust affiliated with Local Media Association.