GameSpot may receive revenue from affiliate and advertising partnerships for sharing this content and from purchases through links.

Joker and Harley Quinn are sharing their madness with Gotham City as mayhem reigns in the trial of Arthur Fleck.
By 
    Blair Marnell
   on September 18, 2024 at 12:25PM PDT
In Joker, the title character--Arthur Fleck (Joaquin Phoenix)--was so lonely that he had to imagine a romantic relationship with Sophie Dumond (Zazie Beetz), a neighbor whom he barely knew. But in Joker: Folie à Deux, Gotham City's Clown Prince finally has his Harley Quinn, as played by Lady Gaga. And in the newest trailer for the sequel, these crazy lovebirds are going to spread a little madness around town.
Gaga posted the trailer on her X account, which includes a few new moments from the film. Given Joker's insanity, it's hard to tell if some of the courtroom scenes are real or simply something Arthur daydreamed. But there is one familiar face from the original film, Gary Puddles (Leigh Gill), who is absolutely terrified when he comes face-to-face with Joker in court. Before Arthur became Joker, Gary was one of his only co-workers who was actually nice to him. That's the only reason Joker let him live the last time they met.
Joker: Folie à DeuxOnly in theaters October 4. 🃏 pic.twitter.com/kJDCFNPla1
We can probably safely assume that Joker and Harley's Sonny and Cher-like variety show is a delusion, but at some point they will be together outside of Arthur's murder trial. In one scene, Arthur sees Gotham's District Attorney, Harvey Dent (Harry Lawtey), denouncing him on television. If we had to make a bet, it seems likely that Joker will ultimately have the last laugh when it comes to Harvey. But we don't know if Harvey will have his own transformative experience on his way to becoming Two-Face.
Joker: Folie à Deux will be released in theaters October 4. But don't expect a third film to make it a trilogy. Director and co-writer Todd Phillips has already ruled out Joker 3.
Got a news tip or want to contact us directly? Email news@gamespot.com
Use your keyboard!
Log in to comment