GameSpot may receive revenue from affiliate and advertising partnerships for sharing this content and from purchases through links.

A new update for Fortnite has added many new features to its Rocket Racing mode, including a "Speed Run" time trial mode.
By 
    Steven T. Wright
   on February 22, 2024 at 9:31AM PST
Fortnite has received a lot of new updates in the past few weeks, and its Rocket Racing mode is no exception. A recent patch has added the "Speed Run" mode to the game, which challenges players to produce the best lap times they can on each course, including Riviera, Anaconda, and Olympus.
As the blog post announcing the update explains, the mode turns off player collisions so players can focus on pure racing, and you can't use slipstreams from other drivers either. The match times are long enough for you to get multiple shots to improve your time, with the best one being added to the track's seasonal leaderboard. The mode also features classic racing-game style ghosts to help you see where you can improve your racing lines.
You need a javascript enabled browser to watch videos.

        Want us to remember this setting for all your devices?
      
Sign up or Sign in now!
      

        By clicking 'enter', you agree to GameSpot's
                        Terms of Use and
        Privacy Policy
enter
Now Playing: Fortnite x Lady Gaga - Official Reveal Trailer
This latest update for Rocket Racing also adds quests to the Speed Run mode, improved controls on mobile, and more cosmetics in the form of the Diestro Car Bundle (as well as others), which will be free for players who already own the car in Rocket League. It also added some other cool features, like the ability to do an air roll, and significant updates to the physics and handling models of the vehicles.
A recent Fortnite update, titled Gone Fishin', appropriately added fishing to the Lego Fortnite mode, along with four tiers of rods and 15 fish to catch. Fortnite Festival also added Lady Gaga skins and songs for Season 2.
Got a news tip or want to contact us directly? Email news@gamespot.com
Use your keyboard!
Log in to comment