By
Em Casalena
Updated: 
To get to a substantial level of fame, a certain amount of delusion is more or less necessary. That, coupled with some serious drive and feedback from early-career audiences, helped catapult these four musicians to mainstream fame. Let’s take a look at four musicians who have said that they knew they were going to be famous!
Around 2009, the late great Whitney Houston sat down with Oprah Winfrey for one of the most well-known interviews of her career in New York City. The interview took place at the Town Hall Theater, and there was a reason for that. Houston picked the spot because it was where she once performed at only 13 years old along with her mother, vocalist Cissy Houston.
Houston said that while delivering a rendition of “Tomorrow” from the popular musical Annie, she realized just how much of a voice was coming out of her.
“I will never forget… I walked out to the front, and I began to sing, and the whole audience rushed to the stage,” said Houston. “It was that moment that my mother said, ‘God has smiled on you, and this is what you’re supposed to do.’ […] I just remember that feeling of… ‘Wow, okay.’”
In the early aughts, Lady Gaga once talked about the influences and inspirations behind her massively popular debut album The Fame. Gaga said that she was always going to be a rock star, and she had the support of her family to back her up.
“You have the ability to experience and feel a certain amount of self-worth that comes from a very vain place by simply your choices,” Gaga said. “I mean, you can literally choose to have fame, and that’s what this whole album is about.”
Megan Thee Stallion has made quite a name for herself in the hip-hop world. And back in 2014, she actually predicted that she would become famous just a few years before she released her debut hit “Like A Stallion”.
“I need a team bc I promise this rap sh*t gone take off for me,” the singer said on Twitter.
Since that prediction, Megan Thee Stallion has gone on to win several Grammy Awards and become the first female rapper to perform at the Oscars.
[See Megan Thee Stallion Live In Concert]
The late singer George Michael was deeply loved throughout his career. He saw quite a bit of success in the 1980s and 1990s. He hit the scene with his music group Wham! and soon kicked off a very successful solo career. Back in 1998, Michael said that he was always obsessed with the idea of becoming famous among his musician contemporaries.
“I didn’t want to be rich, I just wanted to be filthily famous,” Michael said. “It was like most singers, it was feeling not listened to, it was lots of feelings of low self-worth. […] I have never met a star who didn’t come from the same kind of insecurity. It’s the things that are missing that make you a star.”
Photo by Scott Gries/ImageDirect
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand