By Crispian Balmer
VENICE (Reuters) –     Spanish director Pedro Almodovar’s first English-language movie “The Room Next Door”, which tackles the hefty themes of euthanasia and climate change, won the prestigious Golden Lion award at the Venice Film Festival on Saturday.
Starring Tilda Swinton and Julianne Moore, the film received an 18-minute standing ovation when it premiered at Venice earlier in the week – one of the longest in recent memory.
Almodovar is a darling of the festival circuit and was awarded a lifetime achievement award at Venice in 2019 for his bold, irreverent and often funny Spanish-language features.
He also won an Oscar in the best foreign language category for his 1999 film “All About My Mother”.
Now aged 74, he has decided to try his hand at English, telling reporters that it was like science fiction for him.
Speaking ahead of the premiere, he said his movie highlighted the importance of cherishing life, but also made clear that people should be able to die with dignity at a time of their choosing.
“It’s a film in favour of euthanasia,” he said, criticising countries such as the United States, where so-called “mercy killing” is illegal, unlike his native Spain.
While “The Room Next Door” had been widely tipped to win, the runner-up Silver Lion award was a surprise, going to Italian director Maura Delpero for her slow-paced drama set in the Italian Alps during World War Two – “Vermiglio”.
Australia’s Nicole Kidman won the best actress award for her risque role in the erotic “Babygirl”, where she plays a hard-nosed CEO, who jeopardises both her career and her family by having a toxic affair with a young, manipulative intern.
Kidman was in Venice on Saturday, but did not attend the awards ceremony after learning that her mother had died unexpectedly.
France’s Vincent Lindon was named best actor for “The Quiet Son”, a topical, French-language drama about a family torn apart by extreme-right radicalism.
ROAD TO OSCARS
The best director award went to American filmmaker Brady Corbet for his 3-1/2 hour-long movie “The Brutalist”, the epic tale of a Hungarian Holocaust survivor played by Adrien Brody, who seeks to rebuild his life in the United States.
The festival marks the start of the awards season and regularly throws up big favourites for the Oscars, with eight of the past 12 best director awards at the Oscars going to films that debuted at Venice.
The prize for best screenplay went to Murilo Hauser and Heitor Lorega for “I’m Still Here”, a film about Brazil’s military dictatorship, while the special jury award went to the abortion drama “April”, by Georgian director Dea Kulumbegashvili.
Among the movies that left Venice’s Lido island empty-handed were Todd Phillips’s “Joker: Folie à Deux,” starring Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga, the sequel to his original “The Joker” which claimed the top prize here in 2019.
Luca Guadagnino’s “Queer,” with Daniel Craig playing a gay drug addict, and Pablo Larrain’s Maria Callas biopic “Maria”, starring Angelina Jolie as the celebrated Greek soprano, also won plaudits from the critics but did not get any awards.
The Venice jury this year was headed by French actress Isabelle Huppert.
(Reporting by Crispian Balmer; Editing by Andrew Cawthorne)
You must be logged in to post a comment.














Australia's reelected government says US-China tussle a top priority


2h ago








Athletics-High hurdler Tinch fires warning shot at Diamond League


1h ago








Several injured as car crashes into entrance of Manila airport, authorities


2h ago








Jim Dent, a Black golf pioneer, dies at 85


1h ago








Swimming-American Ledecky breaks own 800m freestyle world record


2h ago








Athletics-Jefferson-Wooden notches second Grand Slam Track win


2h ago









This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.