As we edge closer and closer to Christmas, our popular pubs, bars and other hospitality venues will be full of customers having their annual festive night out or celebrating with loved one. And while it's always tricky to map out the best route for a pub or bar crawl, we're lucky enough in this city to have plenty of venues to choose from.
But while Liverpool and wider Merseyside is famous for pubs and bars that have stood the test of time, we have lost some iconic and much-loved venues over the years. Some businesses have closed completely, whereas others have transformed when changing hands.
A number of well known institutions have also been reduced to rubble, but they live on in the memories and photographs of loyal customers who went there.
Here, we take a look at just 10 of Liverpool's missed pubs and bars that have closed in the last decade. From venues that closed within the last 10 years decade to buildings which were demolished in that time, many will remember visiting these sites.
This list isn't intended to be comprehensive and only includes a number of venues Liverpool has said goodbye to since 2014. See which pubs and bars you remember in our list below.
Hannah’s Bar on Leece Street had a long history in Liverpool. From the 90s through to 2018, Hannah’s Bar on Leece Street was owned and ran by the Conteh family. A popular spot for students and locals alike for many years, the businesses started as a very small pub before it expanded and became well-loved in the city centre.
The bar was known for its cosy atmosphere, comfy chairs and cheap drinks. It was also loved for its stunning views of the Liverpool skyline from its top floor terrace. In its time, Hannah's was known as "one of the city's most popular established night spots."
But in September 2021, after decades in business, the loved bar announced its permanent closure. In October 2021, it was announced that a new concept venue was opening in the former Hannah's Bar site - Metrocola - the sister site of The Old School House on Lark Lane.
The Pineapple Hotel was located on Park Road, Dingle. In 2017, the ECHO reported how it had been sold to Liverpool Construction Group and how it could potentially be turned into flats.
The Pineapple was sold by Michael Simons, who has owned the property for more than 25 years. At the time, he said: "I had a long-standing tenant who was still trading in her 70s.
"The time was right for her to retire so I decided to dispose of the freehold." Welcoming generations, many will remember going for a pint at this venue.
The Penny Farthing pub first opened in Liverpool city centre back in the 1970s. Located on the corner of St Johns Precinct, next to the Royal Court Theatre, it was later renamed the New Penny Farthing and welcomed a whole host of customers for decades.
But after nearly 45-years serving drinkers, last orders was finally called in 2016. Before it closed for good, the New Penny Farthing pub had become known as a place to get the cheapest pint in town and a free bacon butty with your drink.
The Royal Court Theatre took over the pub in 2015 before the new owners completely renovated the building top-to-bottom. With the new addition of an outdoor drinking area, The Courtyard Bar and Kitchen opened in place of the Penny Farthing in 2017.
Abditory bar, once based on Queen Avenue off Castle Street, opened in November 2019. The venue was from the team behind Bobo, based on Castle Street.
In May 2023, around four years in business, Abditory confirmed its closure. In a statement shared to Instagram, its team said: "We opened in November 2019, a few months before all the pandemic and lockdown hit us.
"The last few years have been tough, everyone felt it and the ripples are still going on for many businesses. We have decided it is time for us to move on as a business, we have other venues in the region and want to concentrate on them @bobo_liverpool and welcome the next concept into Queen Avenue."
For decades, many from the city and beyond headed to The Beehive for a drink on Paradise Street. For generations, its historic frontage and oodles of retro charm were a reminder of times gone by.
When Liverpool ONE was developed, it stood out as a stark contrast to the modern and metropolitan buildings surrounding it. But last year, life at the site changed forever and saw the chapter close on its well-known name.
The pub underwent a rebrand and reopened as The Futurist. As The Beehive, its final day of trading was February 15, 2023.
Jenever Gin Bar opened in 2015 on Hope Street in Liverpool city centre. It opened on the site of the old Side Door bistro.
But in January 2023, announced the news of its closure on a sign posted outside the venue. The statement read: "We are really sorry but we have closed down for good. A small independent business like ours cannot continue to operate when the cost of stock and energy have risen so much.
"We've tried our hardest and the 14 hour working days have taken its toll on us. Many ordinary hard working people can no longer afford to come out and have drinks in town as they fight to keep their heads above water. We would like to thank everyone who supported us, but unfortunately great Tripadvisor reviews do not pay the bills. Twelve years of Tory government has trashed our economy and this is what you see...at least one pub per day closing down in the UK. F*ck the Tories."
It's now been seven years since an iconic pub located on the edge of Liverpool city centre was demolished. The Mount Vernon pub, on the border of Kensington, was a stone's throw away from the University of Liverpool and for years welcomed residents and students alike.
One of the city's last remaining 'flat iron' pubs, it was famed for its distinctive shape. But in 2017, it was pulled down to make way for a billion pound development.
In November that year, the pub, on the corner of Mount Vernon Road and Irvine Street West, was demolished to make way for the £1bn Paddington Village development. Liverpool Council had developed plans to create Paddington Village on neighbouring land that was once home to Archbishop Blanch school – and the Mount Vernon pub site also became part of that development.
The Brunel pub was located off Breck Road in the city. On its Facebook page, it previously described itself as a "local pub with friendly staff and good comfortable amenities."
But in 2021, the pub announced it was closing its doors for good. On its Facebook page, the team wrote: "The Brunel is no more. Sadly the pub was sold and will not operate as a pub anymore."
It's now been seven years since a popular Liverpool pub made famous by an iconic 1980s television show was reduced to rubble. Over 40 years ago in 1982, The Green Man pub on Vauxhall Road became an iconic place for many people who hadn’t even set foot in Liverpool thanks to BBC drama Boys From The Blackstuff.
Originally airing on BBC2, Alan Bleasdale’s 1980s series was a sequel to the play The Black Stuff, vividly captured the mood of the nation at the time, focusing on five unemployed tarmac workers struggling to find work. Boys From The Blackstuff starred the late Bernard Hill as Yosser Hughes, Julie Walters as Angie, Alan Igbon as Loggo Logmond, Michael Angelis as Chrissie Todd, Peter Kerrigan as George Malone and Gary Bleasdale as Kevin Dean.
On November 7, 1982, The Green Man pub featured in a the famous "shake hands" scene in the fifth and final episode of Boys from the Blackstuff, called George’s Last Ride. But back in 2017, the pub, remembered for its dark green exterior, was demolished.
Opening in 2000, many will remember Newz Bar quickly becoming one of the city-centre's best known bars. Located in New Zealand House on Water Street, in the noughties it was the place where all the celebs wanted to hang out - and so did we.
Becoming an integral part of the entertainment scene in Liverpool, Newz Bar regularly attracting local A-listers, as well as those visiting the city. Its glittering guest list through the years included everyone from Lady Gaga and Ne-Yo, to Coleen Rooney, various members of Girls Aloud and countless premier league footballers.
Newz Bar closed its doors in 2014, but is still remembered today. The venue later became Amanzi restaurant and District House, before reopening as Hooters in 2022.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.