Things are, very briefly, about to be a little less creepy and a little less kooky at Netflix. The streamer has wrapped production on Wednesday season two. But while the show finished shooting ahead of Christmas, we won’t be getting new episodes under our tree this year. We still have many months of waiting to see Jenna Ortega return as our favorite scowling student. Netflix didn’t want to leave us totally in the dark, though. The site shared this update with a new photo of Wednesday herself from the set of Wednesday season two. And while we love to see her, she is entirely nonplussed about the whole thing.
Jenna Ortega closes the coffin on Wednesday Season 2. Coming 2025 🖤 pic.twitter.com/QJwBh1fEts
Wednesday is one very big step closer to returning for its second year at Netflix. The show will now head to post-production with a general release designation of sometime in 2025. Season one finished filming in March of 2022 and debuted eight months later in November. If that schedule is any indication, we could see Wednesday‘s sophomore outing sometime this summer, likely in July or even August.
While we can only speculate about when it will premiere, we already know who will star on the show. In addition to Ortega, Emma Myers (Enid Sinclair), Joy Sunday (Bianca Barclay), Jamie McShane (Sheriff Galpin), Catherine Zeta-Jones (Morticia Addams), Luis Guzmán (Gomez Addams), Isaac Ordonez (Pugsley Addams), Hunter Doohan (Tyler Galpin), and Fred Armisen (Uncle Fester) will all return for more fun in season two of Wednesday.
Season two of Wednesday will also see some very big guest stars joining the show. That list includes Lady Gaga, Steve Buscemi, and Addams Family alum Christopher Lloyd. You can read about everyone else expected to appear with them with our updated rundown of Everything We Know About Wednesday Season 2.
Now we also know it’s done filming, and the real waiting game begins. We’re not going to love the long delay, but we know which Nevermore Academy student won’t make a big deal out of it.
v2.08 – © Nerdist All Rights Reserved
Hey reader! We’re delighted you're perusing our site for all your nerdy news. We'd wholeheartedly appreciate you enabling ads to keep this content free. Thank you!