BATON ROUGE, La. (WAFB) - We’ve made it to February also known as American Heart Month. The American Heart Association is hoping to raise awareness as they report one in every three women has some form of cardiovascular disease. It continues to be the greatest health threat for women.
As people wake up for their morning routine, the organization is promoting exercise for heart health.
AHA officials said physical activity is linked to lower risk of diseases, stronger bones and muscles, improved mental health and cognitive function, and lower risk of depression.
They said adults should get a weekly total of at least 150 minutes of moderate aerobic activity or 75 minutes of vigorous aerobic activity or a combination of both, spread throughout the week. Kids and teens should get at least 60 minutes of physical activity every day, including play and structured activities.
Adrian Brumfield, Health Educator at Our Lady of the Lake Health, has some tips for success:
Dr. Tiffany Ardoin, director of Geaux Get Healthy clinical program at Our Lady of the Lake Health, is emphasizing heart healthy nutrition:
Since the theme of Heart Month is CPR, AHA is joining the Nation of Lifesavers. The organization said arrest affect thousands of people annually with about three-quarters of them occurring in the home. But we’ve recently seen that it can happen any time to anyone of any age anywhere.
A recent survey showed that only half of Americans would perform lifesaving CPR. That’s because the other half don’t know what to do, fear legal ramifications or hurting someone, and think someone else will come to the rescue.
Two steps can save a life with Hands-Only CPR “Don’t Drop the Beat” CPR Playlist:
Kerin Spears, executive director of the American Heart Association Capital Area, said she’s wearing red Thursday, Feb. 1 because she doesn’t want to be one in three.
MORE INFORMATION IS AVAILABLE HERE
SHARE PHOTOS OF YOU GOING RED WITH US
Click here to report a typo.
Copyright 2024 WAFB. All rights reserved.