Local News

By Chris Boyle
            Published: June 18 2024
        
Long Island's Spectrum Designs, Champion of Autistic Employment, Clinches 3 Telly Awards, the World’s Largest Video and TV Content Honor.

Spectrum Designs, a custom apparel and promotional products printing business, is thrilled to announce that its new commercial, "Out of the Box," has won three Telly Awards. The Telly Awards, the world's largest video and television content honor, received over 13,000 global entries this year from some of the biggest media and production houses in the country. "Out of the Box" was recognized in three categories for its exceptional quality, inclusivity, and innovative approach. This remarkable achievement places the Long Island-based printing company alongside major media giants such as Comcast, Microsoft, MTV, and Sony, highlighting the extraordinary impact and creative excellence of their new video campaign.

Spectrum Designs, headquartered in Port Washington, NY, has been a leader in fostering meaningful employment opportunities for adults on the Autism Spectrum. With an 85% unemployment rate among this group in the US, Spectrum Designs' mission is to dismantle stereotypes about the capabilities of autistic individuals in the workplace and inspire employers to embrace neurodiversity in their hiring practices.

The "Out of the Box" campaign was inspired and developed, in part, by Kelli Fisher, Spectrum’s Social Media Marketing Manager, who is also diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder. Fisher worked with Dylan Valic, Head of Marketing at Spectrum Designs Foundation, the neurodiverse marketing team at Spectrum Designs, and the Port Washington-based advertising agency, Second Opinion Inc. to develop the now award-winning commercial, which served as the centerpiece of the campaign.  The video features Fisher stepping out from a cardboard box, symbolizing breaking free from societal constraints and emphasizing individual talents and diversity within the autism community.

This powerful visual metaphor extended to impactful advertising on the Long Island Railroad, driving viewers to a landing page showcasing the personal and professional stories of Spectrum’s employees. The campaign’s message resonated deeply, promoting a broader understanding of neurodiversity, underscored by the campaign’s success. 

Telly Awards Recognition

The Telly Awards honors excellence across various video and television content categories and are judged by the Telly Awards Judging Council, an industry body of over 250 leading experts from advertising agencies, production companies, and major television networks, including Netflix, Adobe, and Meta Creative Shop.  Spectrum Designs’ "Out of the Box" commercial was honored in the following categories:

Patrick Bardsley, Co-Founder & CEO of Spectrum Designs, expressed his pride in the company's achievements: "Being lauded alongside industry giants from Microsoft to MTV for our innovative 'Out of the Box' commercial is an incredible honor and further underscores the exceptional talent and strength of our neurodiverse team. Their unique perspectives not only inspire our campaigns but are the driving force behind our continued success. I could not be prouder of this national acclaim and the proof it offers that the best things can be done when we embrace and harness our differences."

Chris Cassidy, Emmy Award Winning Filmmaker, was proud to be part of the project for the nonprofit. "Hands down one of the most meaningful and fulfilling jobs I’ve ever had.  Spectrum Design is a top-notch place, with top-notch people.  So glad to have been a part of making their vision come to life.”

Today, more than half of Spectrum’s 76 employees are on the Autism Spectrum, a testament to its commitment to inclusion. This approach has fostered a unique company culture and propelled Spectrum to achieve a record $5.5 million in sales last year, securing high-profile clients like Google, J.P. Morgan Chase, and Lady Gaga’s Born This Way Foundation.

For more information about Spectrum Designs and to view the award-winning "Out of the Box" campaign, please visit SpectrumDesigns.org.
Advertise With Us
Seasonal Fun, Festivals & Events emailed to your inbox every Friday