There should be no shortage of family fun at the 2024 City of Summerville Celebrate Independence Festival & Fireworks Show on July 3 at the Chattooga County Ag Center. The festival and fireworks show has been a long time family affair and one of the best fireworks shows in northwest Georgia! This free community event will be held at the Chattooga County Agricultural Center, located at 33 Middle School Rd. Music, food, fun and festivities will begin at 4:00 p.m. with the fireworks show scheduled for 10:00 p.m. This year’s event will be designed for the community to experience extra non-stop excitement with fun family activities. It is suggested to bring lawn chairs, blankets, and dancing shoes for this evening of entertainment.
Food Vendors
Food vendors will be on site open and offering a variety of food and cold drinks for families wishing to picnic. There will be a nice variety of foods including barbecue, hotdogs, Homemade Ice Cream and fried pies, chicken tacos, fried pork rinds, sandwiches by Jamwich, nachos, funnel cakes, roasted corn, ices, lemonade, and more. Picnic tables will be available under the covered arena for the public’s pleasure.
Free Kid’s Zone Activities
Traditional favorites, such as the old time sack races, waterslides, great food vendors, free watermelon slices, concerts and the corn hole tournament will be returning, as well as the “Kid’s Zone” that was added in 2023. The “Kid’s Zone” and food vendors will open to the public at 4:00 p.m. The “Kid’s Zone” activities will conclude at 9:00 p.m.
The traditional waterslide play will expand with 2 large wet waterslides, a dry obstacle course, and 1 smaller dry inflatable for youth ages 2-6. The special designated “Kids Zone” will include a wide variety of free kid’s games, face painting and kid’s temporary tattoos. Adults and families may enjoy games such as Badminton or Jenga. All children’s activities are free of charge.
Corn Hole Tournament
Registration for teams of 2 wishing to compete in the Corn Hole Tournament will be taken at the covered arena beginning at 5:00 p.m. Team registration will conclude at 6:30 p.m. The Corn hole registration fee is set at $20.00 per team, with the winning team taking 60% of the pot and second place team taking the remaining 40%.
Musical entertainment for the evening will begin with Flash Drive performing on the stage 5:00 -7:00 p.m. Flash Drive is Chattanooga’s best and hottest party band and will open up the stage playing nothing but Top 40 dance hits covering 10 different musical genres and spanning 7 decades. From the Beatles to Lady Gaga, from Millennials to Baby Boomers, this show will offer something for everyone.
Patriotic Foot Parade
At 7:15 p.m. there will be a Patriotic Foot Parade. City Council members will award medals to youth participating in the Foot Parade wearing patriotic dress. Adults dressed in patriotic dress participating in the Foot Parade may compete to win an award for the Best Patriotic Dressed. Line up for this activity will begin at 7:00 p.m. at the foot of the stage. There is no charge to participate and show your patriotism.
Concert Line-Up
At 7:30 Babe’s Bayou will take the stage. Featuring musicians Ryan Coker, Matt Chambers, and Matt Thornton, the group is known for their impressive vocals and three-part harmony. With 18 years of experience, Babe’s Bayou has shared the stage with national acts like Luke Bryan, Billy Currington, and Kip Moore. Babe’s Bayou will bring the best of 80’s & 90’s real country music to the crowd leading up to the fireworks display and picking up to continue the musical celebration following the fireworks.
Fireworks
At 10:00 p.m. the City of Summerville is set to deliver a spectacular fireworks show. While there will be many vantage points to view the fireworks show, the Chattooga County Agricultural Center is an ideal location. Those wishing to view the fireworks display at the Ag Center should proceed to this area well in advance for seating and parking, as it will be limited.
To get updates or to learn more about this event follow City of Summerville Georgia on Facebook or visit www.summervillega.org
You must be logged in to post a comment.
FCC Public Files for WZQZ AM 1180 & W256DP FM 99.1