E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
Dearborn native Robert Fox was 12 when 1989’s “Batman” – starring Michael Keaton as the titular hero – debuted and it had quite an impact on him.
“The film’s promotion in the months leading up to its release gave it a mythical feel. The yellow and black logo of the bat symbol was the only marketing they needed. I got the sense that this was something cool and hip,” recalled Fox, a graduate of Edsel Ford High School and the University of Michigan-Dearborn, who teaches film and media arts in Ann Arbor.
“Batman” also made Fox a comic book reader.
“I collected multiple titles for years following this movie,” he said. “I still have them all and recently showed my kids. I am still just as OCD about them now as I was then!”
Green Brain Comics in Dearborn will celebrate the 11th annual National Batman Day on Saturday, Sept. 21. What makes this Batman Day all the more memorable is Batman is 85 this year.
“This year marks the 85th anniversary of Gotham’s greatest detective, and we’re pulling out all the stops to celebrate the legacy of Batman with exclusive offers, special editions, fantastic discounts, and a continuous stream of Batman animation playing throughout the event,” said Green Brain co-owner Dan Merritt.
Every customer will have the chance to choose one free “Batman Day Special Edition” comic book with no purchase necessary. The offerings include “Batman: The Long Halloween” No. 1, “Joker: The World Batman Day Special Edition” No. 1, or “Batman: Wayne Family Adventures Batman Day Special Edition” No. 1. If customers make a purchase, they will receive two free comics. If customers spend $15 or more, they will receive all three free comics. If customers spend $85 or more, they will also receive a free copy of the Golden Age Facsimile Edition of “Detective Comics” No. 27 (a reprint of Batman’s first appearance). The only caveat is while supplies last.
Additionally, Green Brain is offering 40% off all “Batman” back issues, 20% off all
“Batman” graphic novels, and 20% off recent “Batman” comics. Throughout the event, Merritt will show classic and modern “Batman” cartoons on screens located throughout the store.
“This continuous stream of Batman adventures will provide the perfect backdrop to your day, whether you’re browsing, shopping, or simply soaking in the atmosphere,” he said.
Troy-based Emagine Entertainment is showing “The Dark Knight Trilogy” starring Christian Bale as Batman and directed by Christopher Nolan – 2005’s “Batman Begins,” 2008’s “The Dark Knight,” and 2012’s “The Dark Knight Rises” – at its theaters in the Metro Detroit area at 1 p.m., 4 p.m., and 7:15, respectively. Admission is $25, which includes all three films, as well as one small popcorn and one small drink with refills. This package must be purchased in person at the box office.
Created by Bob Kane and Bill Finger (who finally received a co-creator credit in 2015), Batman debuted in 1939’s “Detective Comics” No. 27, published by DC Comics. As a child, Bruce Wayne witnessed his parents being gunned down before his eyes. In that moment, he vowed to rid Gotham City of crime and trained his entire life, finally becoming the Batman when he reached adulthood.
Batman has no super-powers except he is one of the world’s greatest fighters, the world’s greatest detective, has a vast array of cool gadgets – including the Batmobile – and is a billionaire. He is aided by his Alfred the butler, sidekicks Robin and Batgirl, and Commissioner James Gordon.
Ray Wise voiced Gordon in 2016’s animated “Batman: The Killing Joke,” based on the classic 1988 story of the same name.
“I felt a big responsibility playing Commissioner Gordon because it’s such a popular comic for Batman fans and I didn’t want to mess it up,” said Wise.
Ben McKenzie played a younger Gordon on 2014-19’s “Gotham.” Creator Bruno Heller had him in mind for Gordon, something McKenzie spoke about at Fan Expo Chicago in August.
“That was the phone call (an actor) always wants to get,” recalled McKenzie. “I played (Gordon) at a younger age in a live-action iteration. I found more freedom in that because it hadn’t been seen before.”
Batman also has a colorful rogues gallery. This includes the Joker, Catwoman, the Penguin, Two-Face, et al. Jack Nicholson played the Joker in the 1989 movie.
“One of the best villains. Pure lunacy. I remember being equally creeped out and entertained,” said Fox.
In 2019, the Joker got his own titular movie, where he was portrayed by Joaquin Phoenix. On Oct. 4, Phoenix reprises his role as the Joker and Lady Gaga plays Harley Quinn in “Joker: Folie à Deux.”
“Cesar Romero and Burgess Meredith are still the gold standard for the Joker and the Penguin (from the 1966-68 ‘Batman’ TV series), respectively,” said retired Wayne State University film professor Steven Shaviro.
There is plenty of sexual tension between Batman and Catwoman, who has been portrayed through the decades by Julie Newmar, Lee Meriwether, Eartha Kitt, Michelle Pfeiffer, Anne Hathaway, and Zoë Kravitz.
“Batman and Catwoman are one of the most compelling love-hate duos in pop culture history. Unlike other villains, none have the complexity that Catwoman and Batman have had. The whole ‘will they or won’t they’ dynamic gives the franchise some much-needed spice. I hope they continue to explore this in future iterations of Batman,” said Fox.
In Newman’s final yet memorable episode of 1966-68’s “Batman” (“Batman Displays His Knowledge”), there is a scene where Catwoman attempts to seduce Batman (Adam West). Their sexual attraction is palpable. Rather than provide a quote about Catwoman’s relationship with Batman, Newmar provided quotes from fans who have spoken to her about this scene over the years:
“One of the best scenes ever in television history.”
“Puberty instantly kicks in for a quarter of a million boys!”
“This is ridiculous, and how can you not love it?”
The 1966-68 series with West was a campy take on Batman, who’s usually portrayed as a brooding, dark character. In the 1970s, comic creators distanced Batman from his campy trappings and returned him to his dark roots originated by Kane and Finger.
In 1986, writer/artist Frank Miler revolutionized the character further with “Batman: The Dark Knight Returns.” Miller’s take on Batman introduced an era of “grim and gritty” comics, demonstrating that it’s not just a children’s medium. It received mainstream media attention, something unheard of at the time. Miller followed up with 1987’s “Batman: Year One,” which was the basis for 2005’s “Batman Begins.”
Miller also paved the way for 1989’s “Batman” with Keaton and directed by Tim Burton. Keaton and Burton reunited for 1992’s “Batman Returns.” Despite its success (it grossed $266.8 million), Warner Bros. executives deemed “Batman Returns” too dark for children and named Joel Schumacher director of 1995’s more family-friendly “Batman Forever.”
Since Burton was no longer directing, Keaton bowed out and was replaced by Val Kilmer. However, Kilmer felt his Batman was overshadowed by the villains and didn’t return for 1997’s “Batman and Robin.” Instead, George Clooney replaced Kilmer in a film that received negative reviews across the spectrum. It was criticized for being too campy, too commercialized and even for having homosexual innuendo. It won a Worst Picture Razzie Award and is considered one of the worst superhero movies ever made. Box office revenue dropped 63% its second week of release.
In 2005, Nolan and Bale gave the franchise a much-needed shot in the arm with “Batman Begins,” co-written by Ann Arbor native David Goyer. Ben Affleck replaced Bale as Batman with 2016’s “Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice” (filmed in Michigan). Affleck’s last appearance as Batman in 2023’s “The Flash.” Robert Pattinson currently portrays Batman on the big screen as of 2022’s “The Batman” and is slated to reprise the role in 2025.
Writer/producer Paul Dini was one of the three architects behind 1992-95’s “Batman: The Animated Series,” where Kevin Conroy voiced both Batman and Bruce Wayne. Dini, along with fellow producers Bruce Timm and Eric Radomski, wanted to do a dark, noir version of Batman’s world. It is considered the definitive cartoon starring Batman. Dini gave his insight into Batman’s staying power.
“Batman is a potent fantasy about how an ordinary person – granted, with lots of training and money – can right wrongs and mete out justice without real life repercussions,” he said. “Not only that, he gets to wear a cool costume and drive an awesome car while doing it. It’s a kid’s eye view of how we’d like the world to be when we grow up… As we get older, we realize there are things like due process and the court system that prevent a vigilante from operating in modern society. Not to mention the basic law of physics that pretty much ensures nobody, however supremely trained, can walk a tightrope on a stormy night while wearing an 8-foot long cape. Still, the fantasy endures, and people will dream about doing the things Batman does for another 85 years.”
Green Brain Comics will celebrate National Batman Day 2024 at its store, located at 13936 Michigan Ave. in Dearborn, from noon to 7 p.m. on Saturday, Sept. 16. For more information, call (313) 582-9444 or visit greenbraincomics.com. To find out more about local showings, visit Emagine Entertainment at emagine-entertainment.com/.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group