Variety reported something on Friday that we simply cannot get out of our heads: the upcoming Joker sequel Joker: Folie à Deux starring Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga as Harley Quinn will reportedly be a jukebox musical with at least 15 well-known songs in the movie.
There are some things in life that are just too good to be true, and this sounds like one of them.
In what will either be an inspired way of trying to make the original film an even wackier experience, or perhaps the most historically trashy studio musical since 2019's Cats, it's hard not to speculate how this musical sequel will go and what songs will appear.
We'll be honest: a lot of these are just too obvious with the content of the songs and when they came out. One song, "That's Entertainment" by Judy Garland, has been reportedly confirmed by Variety, but we decided to pick 15 more musical numbers that would make this movie, for better or for worse, one of the most "can't look away" spectacles of the year at the cinema.
The Joker stalked Zazie Beetz's character in the last movie, so if he does it again, this is probably what he'll watch, underscoring the unintentionally creepy undertones this song already had.
It's really not hard to imagine Phoenix and Gaga belting this one out before the big court case the film is rumored to be centered on. Y'know, the forces that be will trying to hit the Joker and Harley Quinn ... with their best shot.
It's really not hard to imagine the song they use to introduce Harley Quinn being "Maneater" by Hall & Oates. A bunch of Arkham Asylum inmates singing "Watch out, boy, she'll chew you up!" to the Joker as Harley Quinn walks down the hall. They should give us some residuals from the box office if we get this right. It's only fair.
Now, to include this song, the Joker would have to go clown shoes up by the end of the movie, which really doesn't feel all that much of a surprise given how grim the first film was. This would be the funeral song, where Harley Quinn and all the Joker's clown followers or whatever would lament him as he goes six feet under at, like, a funeral at a circus or something. Maybe it's a metaphorical death. We don't want to think to hard about this; it's got clown in the song title and sounds moody.
Okay, we get that this movie will most likely take place in the 1980s, but it'd be a bit weird if Gaga didn't sing one of her own songs, right? She literally has a song called "Bad Romance," a radio hit that doubles for whatever toxic relationship this Joker movie is brewing between the clown prince of crime and Dr. Harleen Quinzel. It's a bad romance, get it?
This has "big Joaquin Phoenix musical number before the climax" written all over it.
Rather than borrowing heavily from Martin Scorsese classics like Taxi Driver and The King of Comedy, it sounds like director Todd Phillips might be leaning heavily into Scorsese's 1977 musical New York, New York for inspiration on this Joker sequel. The George and Ira Gershwin song "The Man I Love" got a memorable cover from Liza Minnelli in the Scorsese film, and we'll bet our bottom dollar that Gaga is going to do her own rendition since this entire movie is apparently a romance between the Joker and Harley Quinn. "The Man I Love" ... the clown she loves ... easy money.
It feels very likely that they'll attempt to do some sort of version of "Bohemian Rhapsody" in this movie if it takes place in a courtroom. It will be impossible to look away as the entire ensemble sings "Bohemian Rhapsody." It will probably win some sort of Oscar for this. We will all be deeply embarrassed as to how much we enjoyed this scene.
A sad romantic ballad about a sad, lonely man shedding clown tears because his love isn't near? You can literally write this one in on the soundtrack unless the people who made the movie hadn't heard it before.
Seriously, this is just uncomfortably easy to predict.
Originally recorded by rock group The Crickets and later popularized by british punk rock outfit The Clash, "I Fought the Law" might be such an obvious pick for this movie that it gets featured in Phoenix's Oscar clip for Best Actor next year. The Joker fought the law, the law won. Since this is a Joker movie, the law won't probably actually win, but they'll still use the song, we'll guess, because the Joker has to have something to sing while he dances down the stairs again.
Speaking of New York, New York ... we're guessing someone in this movie is going to sing "New York, New York" at this point. Yes, it's in Gotham City, but .. c'mon. *waves hands*
Y'know, because Harley Quinn is "crazy" on the Joker. Let's not waste time; they're totally going to use this.
Do we really even need to explain why? This was featured in the first movie, and we'd push all the chips in on it appearing again, this time, sung by the cast!
*Justin Timberlake staring at you GIF*