VSQ Performs Taylor Swift marks Vitamin String Quartet's first No. 1 on Classical Albums.

													By
												

	Gary Trust


	The music of Taylor Swift rules Billboard’s main classical chart, as Vitamin String Quartet’s VSQ Performs Taylor Swift opens atop the Classical Albums survey dated May 18.

	The 16-song set, originally released in February, enters atop the chart with 3,000 equivalent album units earned in the U.S. May 3-9, according to Luminate. Of that sum, nearly all is from vinyl sales, following the collection’s release on the format. The LP also opens at No. 15 on the Vinyl Albums chart.

VSQ Performs Taylor Swift encompasses Swift’s catalog from her 2008 album Fearless through 2022’s Midnights; a makeover of the latter’s “Anti-Hero” is the first track on the new release, while fellow Midnights reinterpretation “Snow on the Beach” is also among the tracklist.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Vitamin String Quartet achieves its first No. 1 on Classical Albums, among 10 entries. Here’s a recap of the act’s titles to have made the tally, spotlighting the group’s takes on songs by other high-profile pop stars (including Swift’s “Snow on the Beach” collaborator Lana Del Rey).

Peak Pos., Date, Title

	Swift’s music breaks new ground in crowning Classical Albums. Her own projects have topped charts ranging from the Billboard 200 to Top Country Albums, Top Rock & Alternative Albums and Top Alternative Albums.

VSQ Performs Taylor Swift concurrently becomes Vitamin String Quartet’s first No. 1 on the Classical Crossover Albums chart and the (recently expanded) Indie Store Album Sales ranking.

	On May 13, Vitamin String Quartet, whose origins date to the late 1990s, announced its latest tour, a 43-date trek set to start Oct. 22 in Joliet, Ill., and run through Feb. 16, 2025, in Nashville.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.