Rahul Majumdar is a contributing entertainment reporter based in Mumbai, India. His focus is reporting on video games, film, and TV. He has extensive knowledge of India's games and film industries and keeps up with global pop culture. Rahul joined Newsweek in 2024 and previously worked at IGN India, Men's Journal, Parade, and more. He is a graduate of Whistling Woods International. You can get in touch with Rahul by emailing r.majumdar@newsweek.com. You can find him on X and Bluesky @darthrahul. Languages: English, Hindi, Bengali.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Just a week after Fortnite Chapter 6 Season 1 dropped, Epic has pushed a new update for its gaming platform. Fortnite v33.10, this week's major update, is light on battle royale content, shifting the focus to LEGO Fortnite and other game modes inside Fortnite Discover.
Here are the biggest changes coming to Fortnite this week.
Fortnite Ballistic is a first-person gameplay mode similar to Counter-Strike, which launches into early access with this update. The mode will launch with a new map, Skyline 10, where opposing teams will play twelve rounds against each other, with the goal of either planting or defusing a bomb. Ballistic will launch with two modes - ranked and unranked, with similar penalties for leaving a ranked match as Counter-Strike.
Earlier this week, Epic announced its decision to split LEGO Fortnite into two parts - Brick Life and Odyssey. LEGO Brick Life is a GTA Online-like "social roleplay experience" where 32-player lobbies are hosted in a digital city, with every player allowed to take up jobs and compete in minigames. Players can also buy and decorate houses and generally roleplay the life of their dreams. LEGO Fortnite Brick Life launches on December 12, 2024, inside Fortnite.
The other half of LEGO Fortnite is called Odyssey, which retains the survival elements of the original game mode. In it, you'll face a new boss called the Storm King in the new Storm Chasers update. You'll be tasked with several goals while assembling the Storm Chasers, including heading into the heart of the Storm Dungeon while trying to avoid lightning strikes and taking down the Storm King's Acolytes.
LEGO Fortnite Odyssey also updates gameplay elements, adding component-based crafting, revivals, a Legendary Forge upgrade station, and new vehicles. All of this is compatible with the couch co-op setting on consoles.
A new LEGO Pass called "Chill & Thrill" will bring new content. This includes five free decor bundles, two loading screens, three player banners, and the Raven's Mausoleum Build. If you purchase the Premium Reward Track upgrade, you can unlock eleven more decor bundles and five extra builds. Those who buy the premium track will instantly unlock the Raven Team Syd Outfit. Connect your Epic Games and LEGO accounts to unlock the Mr Dappermint and Explorer Emilie Outfits.
Fortnite Festival is celebrating its first anniversary, so expect a Platinum celebration event in this update. There are no concrete details on it yet, but according to teases from data miners and leakers, the event will include collaborations from Snoop Dogg, Lady Gaga, The Weeknd, Billie Eilish, Metallica, and Karol G.
The surprise has been spoiled by Fortnite data miners, who've found assets for a Messi skin coming at some time following this update. Another confirmed skin is the Doctor Doom 2099 outfit, which you can buy from the Fortnite shop right now. There are also other bundles being added to the game that include outfits from Jujutsu Kaisen, Futurama, Beast Boy, and more.
For more on Fortnite BR, check out all the unique skins in the Fortnite C6S1 Battle Pass. The game also received a massive graphical boost on the PS5 Pro. If Fortnite isn't your preferred game, check out Marvel Rivals or other multiplayer games like it.
The update comes in at just over 12GB on PS5 and around the same size on other platforms.
Fortnite is available on PC, mobile, and consoles.
Rahul Majumdar is a contributing entertainment reporter based in Mumbai, India. His focus is reporting on video games, film, and TV. He has extensive knowledge of India's games and film industries and keeps up with global pop culture. Rahul joined Newsweek in 2024 and previously worked at IGN India, Men's Journal, Parade, and more. He is a graduate of Whistling Woods International. You can get in touch with Rahul by emailing r.majumdar@newsweek.com. You can find him on X and Bluesky @darthrahul. Languages: English, Hindi, Bengali.
Rahul Majumdar is a contributing entertainment reporter based in Mumbai, India. His focus is reporting on video games, film, and TV. He has extensive knowledge of India's games and film industries and keeps up with global pop culture. Rahul joined Newsweek in 2024 and previously worked at IGN India, Men's Journal, Parade, and more. He is a graduate of Whistling Woods International. You can get in touch with Rahul by emailing r.majumdar@newsweek.com. You can find him on X and Bluesky @darthrahul. Languages: English, Hindi, Bengali.
Rahul Majumdar is a contributing entertainment reporter based in Mumbai, India. His focus is reporting on video games, film, and                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC