Manage your account
As we enter April, one thing is clear and certain: Prosperity must return to the month of March on Miami Beach.
As the owner of Mango’s Tropical Café on Ocean Drive, I personally sat and watched the 2nd and the 3rd weekends of March throughout each weekend night and can report one thing that is certain: South Beach may think it has “broken up” with spring break. However, it is nonsense to think spring break has “broken up” with Miami Beach.
Not by a long shot.
Curfew and removal of our sidewalk cafes, closure of our parking lots, and necking down our causeways are not sustainable long-term solutions to crowds of even peaceful spring breakers year after year.
All of it leads directly to the economic decline of the Miami Beach business community during what is supposed to be the peak of the tourist season.
The economic damage next year will be absolute, along with the repeated need to mobilize another army of police again and every year after that.
Unless there is an additional positive activation of “something” - whether it be a grand international level concert or something else for the 3rd week in March to recreate a new diverse demographic of hotel guests and customer base that is powerful enough to prebook out all South Beach hotel rooms - our city will only continue, as we have already been doing for several years, on a downward economic trajectory with South Beach businesses bearing the brunt of the financial hardship.
The city conducted the exact same half-measure process on Memorial Day Weekend for 15 years until we began the Hyundai Air and Sea Show. This big event transformed that horrible holiday weekend into a vastly different experience, and normalcy was restored.
This situation with spring break seems no different.
In addition to the policing planned for 2025 and 2026, the month of March in South Beach should have events and economic activations that are world-class.
Last year, the Miami Beach commission voted to authorize a contract with the North Sea Jazz Festival, but it was nixed for the Good Wood Car Show instead. Meanwhile, Good Wood never happened due to financial troubles.
Who do you think will show up to pay a high price to see Billy Joel, Paul Simon, Jennifer Hudson, Lady Gaga or Paul McCartney? Hint…it would not be spring breakers.
Spring break is an American cultural phenomenon of energy. Only another “cultural phenomenon” of equal or greater energy can transform it.
Miami Beach has the opportunity to choose a path towards transformation.
It would still take years for March to return fully, but that path needs a beginning. Half-way measures will not create the results we desire and require.
David Wallack is the owner of Mango’s Tropical Café and a pilar of Mount Sinai Medical Center Foundation.