Including the best way to farm Mosaic Tiles.
You need to find Mosaic Tiles in Fortnite during Chapter 5 Season 1 to complete the Odyssey Bonus Goals for XP and a new loading screen.
As there's no in-game explanation for how to do this, we've detailed all the ways you can get Mosaic Tiles in Fortnite below, including the best way to get Mosaic Tiles so you can complete the quest as soon as possible.
For more help, check out our pages on the Lady Gaga challenges and rewards, best weapon tier list, and how to get Solid Snake.
On this page:
Thanks to iFireMonkey on X (formerly Twitter) for help filling in the blanks, here's how to get Mosaic Tiles in Fortnite:
You need to collect a total of 300 Mosaic Tiles to complete the Odyssey Bonus Goal linked to the tiles to get all of the rewards, so make sure you actually pick up the tiles after completing one of the above activities! You need to walk over the tile to collect it, before it disappears.
Be on the lookout for teal clumps after completing one of these tasks, as these are Mosaic Tiles.
Apart from passively collecting tiles while playing normal Battle Royale matches, the best way to get Mosaic Tiles in Fortnite is by hitting weak points. These are the blue circles that appear when you take a pickaxe to something. Anywhere with multiple houses, buildings, or any other types of small structures like sofas, beds, or shipping containers should be your go-to location when farming tiles, as you'll be able to hit more weak points.
Houses are so good for farming Mosaic Tiles because they have a lot of small objects you can hit as well as their walls, roofs, and floors.
We recommend avoiding named locations to do this, however, as they usually have a lot of players eager to ruin your day by landing there too. Instead, search the map for clumps of buildings or structures without a name, like the location between Ritzy Rivera and Pleasant Piazza shown in the picture below.
There are five stages to the Mosaic Tile collection bonus goal for the Odyssey quest, and here's all of the Mosaic Tile rewards in Fortnite:
All the best with your hunt for Mosaic Tiles!

Fortnite


Android, 
            iOS, 
            PS4, 
            PS5, 
            Xbox One, 
            Xbox Series X/S, 
            PC, 
            Mac, 
            Nintendo Switch


        Eurogamer is better when you sign in
      

        Join our community of gamers and get access to personalised reading recommendations and much more!
      


Fortnite Chapter 6 Medallions explained                    



Fortnite Daigo and the Baron location                    



Supporters |


Five of the Best: Swamps                    



That's that Sabrina Carpenter joining Fortnite                    



Fortnite movie reports are "false", says Epic boss                    



Fortnite and other games have compatibility issues with Switch 2                    



How to get Scorpion's Kombat Kit in Fortnite                    



Scorpion location in Fortnite                    

© 2025 Eurogamer.net  a brand of IGN Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved. 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission. Eurogamer is a registered trademark of Gamer Network Limited.