The highly-anticipated Wicked film released on Friday (November 22) and has managed to break records in its opening weekend at the box office.
As of Monday morning (November 25), the musical has managed to rake in $112.5 million in the US and $162.5 million worldwide, meaning it's already a profitable venture as the budget of the film stands at $150 million.
The movie has managed to break several records including becoming the biggest global and domestic opening for a movie based on a Broadway show, beating the worldwide opening for 2012's Les Miserables which made $103 million.
Ariana Grande has also achieved her own feat as its the biggest domestic opening for a pop star, beating Lady Gaga's A Star is Born at $42.5 million, Harry Styles' Don't Worry Darling at $19.3 million and Britney Spears' Crossroads at $14.5 million.
It's also star's Cynthia Erivo, director Jon M. Chu and producer Marc Platt's biggest opening weekends, beating all of their previous films.
No doubt the film will continue to rake in money at the box office in the coming weeks and so the final number remains to be seen.
Ariana stars as Galinda Upland who becomes Glinda the Good while Cynthia appears as Elphaba Thropp, who later transforms into the Wicked Witch of the West.
Aside from the lead pair, the film features an ensemble cast, including Jonathan Bailey, Michelle Yeoh, Jeff Goldblum and Ethan Slater.
It is the first of a two-part adaptation of the stage musical based off of the same name by Stephen Schwartz and Winnie Holzman, loosely based on the 1995 novel by Gregory Maguire.
Wicked's film adaptation was first announced back in 2012 but after multiple delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the film was pushed back.
As well as doing amazingly well at the box office, the movie has also garnered plenty of critical acclaim, with particular praise for the performances and production design.
It has a massive 8.2 rating on IMDb from 23,000 votes and a 90% Tomatometer rating on Rotten Tomatoes from 283 reviews.
One review reads: "It’s got playful verve. It crushes the classic songs. It boasts solid production design, excellent costumes and two truly great leading performances to build around. Erivo in particular hits all the film’s high notes with ease."
Another expresses: "Directed and performed with flair and obvious affection for the source material, Wicked is a wickedly good time at the movies."
Wicked is in cinemas now. Wicked Part Two is scheduled for release on November 21 2025.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.