Piers Morgan launched into an expletive rage after it was revealed Wicked! Part 1 has had a trigger warning added to it.
The controversial TV presenter, 59, shared an article which revealed the movie that stars Ariana Grande and Cynthia Eriva has had a warning added over scenes of 'green skin discrimination' and 'talking animal persecution'.
The plot of the hit movie follows the friendship between Elphaba, a misunderstood young woman with green skin. The film is an adaption from the popular stage show, which is a prequel to the 1939 classic The Wizard of Oz. However, it has seen a warning issued for "discrimination".
The BBFC states: "A green-skinned woman is mocked, bullied and humiliated because of her skin colour."
And the action appears to have been too much for Piers, who fumed on Instagram : "For the love of God… can the woke brigade please just f*** off with this nonsense." He ended his post with an eye rolling emoji and a red faced emoji bleeping out its mouth.
One of his followers joked: "Poor Kermit the Frog and the Incredible Hulk," while former footballer Gabby Agbonlahor agreed, saying: "Piers Incredible Hulk will think differently!"
Another followers questioned: "Have you not seen Shrek? The injustices of the green community have for decades been shunned. Shrek was the first to highlight it. We mustn't ignore it. Long live the vegetables." Amanda Holden was even in the comments section of his post, simply sharing the clapping hands emoji.
The movie, which was released on Friday, is the first of a two-part adaptation of the stage musical based off of the same name by Stephen Schwartz and Winnie Holzman, loosely based on the 1995 novel by Gregory Maguire. It broke box office records on its release, including becoming the biggest global and domestic opening for a movie based on a Broadway show, beating the worldwide opening for 2012's Les Miserables which made $103 million.
Ariana Grande has also achieved her own feat as its the biggest domestic opening for a pop star, beating Lady Gaga's A Star is Born at $42.5 million, Harry Styles' Don't Worry Darling at $19.3 million and Britney Spears' Crossroads at $14.5 million.
Ariana's wage for the flick was also recently seemingly revealed. According to reports, lead actress Cynthia took home a salary of $1 million for her role. In contrast, however, supporting actress Ariana is said to be earning significantly more, with the star said to be receiving a reported $15 million for her part in the adaptation.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.