While celebrities like Mayim Bialik, 48, and Justin Bieber, 30, are embracing Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy (HBOT) to treat anxiety and stress as well as inflammation and autoimmune symptoms, health experts warn that HBOT is not designed for wellness purposes.
“Some report benefits like improved skin and reduced fatigue but the high cost and potential side effects, such as ear pain, sinus pressure, and oxygen toxicity, pose downsides,” board-certified Charleston, South Carolina plastic surgeon Dennis Schimpf told The Epoch Times.
“It might seem crazy and like some Hollywood trend, but I’m choosing to cultivate (fancy way to say it!) an open mind about the numerous health benefits this chamber can provide,” she stated. “Thank you so much @iha_usa for giving me this opportunity.”
HBOT involves climbing into a tubular chamber and breathing 100 percent oxygen that is pressurized. It is known to help with wound healing and decompression sickness, which scuba divers can develop during deep sea diving. The oxygen in the tank is different from room air, which is only 21 percent oxygen, according to Fortune Recommends Health chief medical advisor Raj Dasgupta.
“HBOT allows the lungs to absorb more oxygen than normal air pressure,” Dasgupta told The Epoch Times. “HBOT can deliver oxygen to tissues even when there is no circulation to those areas which is why it is a treatment option for severe wound infections.”
Prescribed HBOT typically takes place at a medical facility or hospital. Medical spas and wellness centers also offer the treatment and can be covered by health insurance depending on whether it’s for medical purposes.
“Overuse or seeking treatment in unregulated facilities can lead to complications,” Schimpf said.
He added that advancements in wellness culture have made therapies such as HBOT more acceptable today.
A single session for wellness ranges from $200 to $400, but complete treatment often requires multiple sessions.
“Though most of us have known about HBOT as a medical therapy for decades, the booming wellness market and heightened visibility on social media have brought it more attention today than it had five years ago,” Schimpf said.
Beiber announced his use of the chamber during sleep to rid his body of toxins and treat anxiety and stress in “Justin Bieber: Seasons” on YouTube. The pop star reportedly has one chamber at home and one in his studio and has been using it since at least 2019.
“The idea of using it to reverse or slow down the aging process is relatively new,” Oladoc.com psychologist Seerat Fatima told The Epoch Times. “This trend likely stems from the increasing desire to look younger and maintain a youthful appearance, which is highly valued in the entertainment industry.”
Neither Germanotta, 38, nor Hadid or Cowell responded to requests for comment.
Athletes, such as Michael Phelps, are using the therapy as well.
“Imagine, like, a bed with a box around it,” he said. ”It’s kind of strange, but it’s good. I don’t mind it. There’s a giant door at the end of my bed. The worst thing is trying to watch TV in it. I’ve got to watch it through Plexiglas—it’s blurry.”
Phelps did not respond to requests for comment.
The effects of the peculiar therapy varies according to age and fitness, according to Schimpf. Bieber, Phelps and Germanotta are in their 30s, Hadid is in her 20s while Cowell is in his 60s and Bialik is in her 40s.
“Younger patients will have more robust cell function, so they may see faster or more dramatic results from therapy,” Schimpf added. “An athlete’s body is more primed to take advantage of extra oxygenation because of the muscles you’re already in good condition and the metabolic efficiency you’ve built up.”