©2021 Universal Orlando. All Rights Reserved.
It's hard to top everything you can experience at Universal Orlando Resort, but they recently revealed its next game-changer theme park: Epic Universe. This park will transport you into expansive worlds like Nintendo, The Wizarding World of Harry Potter, How To Train Your Dragon, and more. These immersive worlds will also feature new dining experiences, entertainment, shopping, and of course, new attractions and coasters. These are the 5 lands that will make up the new park, Epic Universe, and some first looks at Super Nintendo World.
Celestial Park will be the heart of Epic Universe. This will be the park's all-new "relaxing" area with acres of rolling gardens, chasing waterways, and strolling pathways. Not only can you sit back and relax in this park, but you can also dine, shop, and board a shooting comet roller coaster adventure. "Starfall Racers" will send you racing through the skies and aboard comets. This coaster will reach speeds up to 62 mph and heights up to 133 feet along 5,000 feet of track. Some dining areas will include Pan-Asian restaurant, Pizza, Surf and Turf, and more.
Transport into the Harry Potter and Fantastic Beasts films with this all new land. You'll notice details from 1920s wizarding Paris from Warner Bros. Pictures’ Fantastic Beasts films with the iconic British Ministry of Magic from the Harry Potter series.
We've been waiting for this one. After seeing sneak peeks from the Hollywood and Japan parks, we are ready for the Super Nintendo World to take over Universal Orlando! You'll enter through the iconic green pipe and step into the worlds of all your favorite characters like Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach and Donkey Kong.
You'll be transported to fly with magical dragons and go on Viking adventures based off the movie "How To Train Your Dragon".
This new world will dive you right into an immersive experience with all your "favorite" monsters, including Dr. Victoria Frankenstein.
Keep your eyes peeled for more updates. According to the press release, Universal Orlando plans to host an interactive preview center at Universal CityWalk later this year. In the meantime, check out who will be performing at this year's Universal Orlando Concert Series!

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!