by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor
When it comes to red-carpet fashion, we adore all kinds. We love the boulder looks that make us do a double take, the ensembles that break the mold of what’s a normal red carpet look, and of course, the ones that make a statement. Let’s face it, we love statement pieces. Now, yes, we do love statement jewelry and all the big, out-there ensembles that come with nearly every red carpet, but we’re talking about looks that make a political statement.
The line between entertainment and politics has been muddied over the years, and sometimes we’re not mad about that. True, sometimes it can be taken a bit too far, but for the most part, we love to see people in the mainstream stand up for what’s right.
A lot of the time, celebrities will don a very small detail to show their solidarity with a cause, a detail that many have missed such as a pin or a ribbon. While we applaud their solidarity, we want to talk about the people who went above and beyond talking about their political statements.
From embroidered capes and sweaters to painted-on bodysuits, many celebrities went outside of the box to share their political stance. Most recently, Gillian Anderson donned a gorgeous white dress at the 2024 Golden Globes that was embroidered with a design that resembled vulvas, to show a sartorial side to her campaign to make sex education more accessible.
Want some more? Below, check out the times celebrities wore a look on the red carpet that gave a political statement.
At the 2024 Golden Globes, Gillian Anderson arrived in a pristine white dress that was covered in embroidered vulvas to show her activism in making sex education accessible for everyone.
Cara Delevigne donned an ensemble that had the words “Peg the Patriarchy” at the 2021 Met Gala Celebrating In America: A Lexicon Of Fashion.
Who could forget when Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez donned a dress at the 2021 Met Gala that read “Tax the Rich?”
At the 2021 Oscars, Travon Free made headlines with his Dolce & Gabbana suit jacket that had the names of people who were killed because of police brutality in its lining.
During the 2020 Oscars, Natalie Portman made a statement with her Dior Haute Couture cape that was embroidered with female directors shut out from the Oscars.
While accepting the award for Top Song Sales Artist during the 2020 Billboard Music Awards, Lizzo wore a dress covered in the word “vote” to encourage young fans to vote, and bring attention to voter suppression.
During the 75th Annual Golden Globe Awards, Connie Britton donned a black Lingua Franca sweater with white embroidery that said, “Poverty Is Sexist.”
For the 2019 Met Gala, which was themed “Camp: Notes on Fashion,” Lena Waithe had a reminder: “Black drag queens invented camp.” She reminded everyone with the message on her blue Pyer Moss suit.
Blac Chyna and Amber Rose showed everyone in 2015 that they don’t have time for slut-shaming. They donned nude outfits painted with misogynist insults they’ve heard back at the 2015 VMAs.
Did you know Lady Gaga’s meat dress had a political purpose? At the 2010 MYV VMAs, she wore this dress to protest the “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy, which prevented military from being open about their sexualities. 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.