From Britney Spears homages, to spicy red-carpet moments, to glamorous fashion tributes
The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards have just wrapped, and on the big night, we saw some of the world’s biggest musical artists perform their biggest hits and celebrate their successes by taking home some well-deserved trophies. The red carpet brought some outstanding looks from stars including Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, and Tyla. Meanwhile, the ceremony debuted some new and exciting categories, including Most Iconic Performance, in which Queen of Pop Madonna was up against fellow legends Britney Spears, Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, Christina Aguilera, Lady Gaga, Missy Elliott, and Katy Perry, as well as Eminem. (Perry eventually took home the prize.)
Swift maintained her lead as the year’s top nominee with 12 nominations, followed closely by Post Malone (11), Eminem (eight), Ariana Grande, Megan Thee Stallion, Sabrina Carpenter, and SZA (seven each).
Now that we’ve had a moment to reflect on the biggest moments the star-studded ceremony gave us tonight, we’ve listed them all here for you, just in case you missed any of them.
The “Taste” singer shimmered into the VMAs in a white strapless gown covered in sequins and crystals. The vintage Bob Mackie piece was the same piece the designer custom-made for music legend Madonna, back in the ’90s. The “Like a Virgin” singer wore the gown to the 1991 Academy Awards with a white fur boa, gloves, and layers of diamonds.
A photographer had it coming when, annoyed, he said, “Shut the fuck up” on the red carpet while the “Hot to Go!” singer was fixing her dress for the photos. After hearing that, Roan turned around angrily and yelled back, “You shut the fuck up. Not me, bitch.” Watch a clip here.
Not only did 2024 VMAs host Megan Thee Stallion dress up like Spears from her iconic “Slave 4 U” music video (live snake and all), but Sabrina Carpenter also used a clip from “Oops! … I Did It Again,” during her mash-up performance at the ceremony.
The most awarded artist of the night had the time of her life at the ceremony, and did not hold back when dancing along to every single performance,
Looking fabulous in a chainmail set, the singer celebrated her Best New Artist win by thanking the LGBTQ+ community, including “the drag queens who inspired me.”
The pop singer gave a sweet shoutout to her boyfriend, NFL star Travis Kelce, while accepting her Video of the Year award for “Fortnight.”
She said that the Kansas City Chiefs tight end made the entire filming experience even more of a joy for her with his presence and support. “I would say cut and we’d be done with that take, I would always just hear someone cheering like woo from across the studio where we were shooting it, and that one person was my boyfriend Travis,” she said. “Everything this man touches turns to happiness, fun, and magic. So I want to thank him for adding that to our shoot because I’ll always remember that.”
Addison Rae on Her Daring VMAs Look
At the VMAs, Everybody Wanted to Be Britney Spears
All the Best 2024 MTV VMAs After-Party Looks
The 34 Best Reactions to the 2024 MTV VMAs
Why Did Madonna Skip the 2024 MTV VMAs?
All the Looks from the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards
Taylor Swift Shouts Out Travis Kelce at the VMAs
Anitta Goes Gothic, Then Rave-Ready at 2024 VMAs
Chappell Roan Channels Medieval Warrior Queen
The 11 Best-Dressed Stars at the 2024 MTV VMAs
Blackpink’s Lisa Is Red-Carpet Royalty at the VMAs
Watch Megan Thee Stallion's Sexy VMAs Performance 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.