New to Shacknews? Signup for a Free Account
Already have an account? Login Now
It's nighttime in America, which means time for another round of Evening Reading.
Good evening, Shacknews, it's night time, which means it's time for Evening Reading. Let's officially close out our day of posting. Please take a look.
How Akuma opens his phone
How I believe Akuma unlocks his phone in World Tour Mode #Akuma pic.twitter.com/72twoa5Pj2
This looks like something you'd see a jailbroken iPhone 4 do back in the day.
Beating Elden Ring with a steering wheel
WE DID IT! We beat Elden Ring's Radahn RL1 on steering wheel! Super proud of this one! pic.twitter.com/1WXEY6UNgf
These folks' brains are wired differently than mine. Endlessly impressed by a lot of these challenge runs.
Silksong news?!
Hollow Knight fans when they get a store page with no release date and no other new information https://t.co/aGORJtiESk pic.twitter.com/wjOjcaHbcq
Hey, at least someone out there acknowledged its existence.
X-Men #33 cover art
X-MEN # 33 MICRONAUTS variant by me, in stores today! pic.twitter.com/KF0ArHIKtn
So good. X-Men art always rules.
Video game legends collide
3人でデート中ー pic.twitter.com/NmniEl0BST
What do you think they're talking about?
Welcome to the Velvet Bathroom!
"Welcome to the Velvet Room, Please give me a moment and I will be right with you" https://t.co/7htLG0VLzl pic.twitter.com/WUwFlvf4kE
Hilarious how well this fits.
First poster for Joker 2.
The world is a stage.Here's the first poster for #JokerFolieADeux, starring Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga. The film's official trailer arrives April 9. https://t.co/UOp8WEDw1U pic.twitter.com/FnSL33JEv5
Trailer next week. strap in, folks.
Stefon Diggs traded to Houston!
Blockbuster: Bills are finalizing a trade to send four-time Pro-Bowl WR Stefon Diggs to the Houston Texans for draft-pick compensation, sources tell ESPN. pic.twitter.com/5tIJGkve6t
Had to slip some football news in there. The Texans are getting scary.
There you have it, Shacknews, your Evening Reading for tonight. Please consider subscribing to Shacknews Mercury to support our site for as little as $1/month.
What are you up to tonight? Let us know in the Shacknews Chatty comment thread below.
Donovan is a journalist from Maryland. His oldest gaming memory is playing Pajama Sam on his mom's desktop during weekends. Pokémon Emerald, Halo 2, and the original Star Wars Battlefront 2 were some of the most influential titles in awakening his love for video games. After interning for Shacknews throughout college, Donovan graduated from Bowie State University in 2020 with a major in broadcast journalism and joined the team full-time. He is a huge film fanatic and will talk with you about movies and games all day. You can follow him on twitter @Donimals_

					Donovan Erskine posted a new article, Evening Reading - April 3, 2024