Columnist
This week, I would like to begin by offending at least half of the town, by starting and fueling a giant controversy that doesn’t yet exist, and then firmly refusing to change my stance.
I feel like I’m going to miss the boat unless I join the guild of writers who “foment rumor or divide the town.” Yes, of course, riding a “sunshine-crapping unicorn” is a good default state, but standing up for what is right and fair requires a person to also ride the steam-bellowing bronco.
While wildflowers bloom in unexpected places amid the gaping scrape-and-replace scars around town, somehow thriving — despite the toxic air —  are even more pressing issues upon which to take a firm, unwavering stand. 
Here’s mine: Madonna makes definitively better music videos than Beyoncé.
There. I said it. Go ahead and egg my car.
I came to this conclusion last week when I happened upon a random pub in Philadelphia that was having a trivia night. I cannot pass up pub trivia if I happen upon it, so I posted up at the bar and began to play.
Within minutes, I realized that I had no clue about anything that has happened in popular culture in the last 15 to 20 years — unless it involved “Beetlejuice: The Musical” or the James Webb Space Telescope. So, I ordered food, just listened in and marveled at how far my brain has come in this middle-age thing. Over the span of an hour, I could not guess a correct answer because most questions concerned musicians, actors or trends that had yet to be born when I was their age.
I thought “hairy styles” had something to do with that weird, poodle-like fabric that you see Food & Wine festival attendees wear at night. You know, those coats that look like a person with crimped, long hair who rubbed their feet on the carpet at the Wheeler for 20 minutes.
As the game progressed, I found myself watching the TV on the wall across from my seat. The sound was off, but I concluded that they were showing a superset of dance scenes from pop-diva music videos. 
I did recognize all of the divas, at least. Janet Jackson, Britney Spears, Lady Gaga, Paula Abdul, Katy Perry, Jennifer Lopez, Mariah Carey, Christina Aguilera and Beyoncé. I played my own game and tried guessing the diva as fast as possible when the scene started. It doesn’t seem like that task should be challenging, but I have mild prosopagnosia, which is why I never recognize you on the street. Again, I’m sorry!
At one point, a scene from Madonna’s “Don’t Tell Me” video appeared, and my brain did an intense reminiscence session of the era of my life when that song was first released. That era is fondly remembered — and a bit foggy — because it was that much fun. 
You may or may not remember this video’s cowboy-ish theme. Still, it also resembles a Smuggler Road lululemon-wearing exercise video, because Madonna is walking on a treadmill. 
I then thought of the fact that Beyoncé is currently popular with people who know the real Harry Styles, and those same people have propelled her to the top of the country music charts by listening to a song that is a lot more country-sounding than “Don’t Tell Me.”
When I returned to the hotel that evening, I queued up Madonna’s video and watched it because I wanted the whole experience, including the music. I then watched Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold ’Em” video because it was not part of the supercut I had watched, and I was curious.
I then started watching a lot of music videos from both artists.
There is no contest. Madonna’s videos are waaay better than Beyoncé’s. 
My car is a black cyber-truck. 
Having just watched many dozens of short videos as a pre-screener for Shortsfest, I can tell you that Madonna’s “Don’t Tell Me” video would be described as having “good production values,” “consistent story-telling,” “strong visual narrative,” and “intricate choreography.” Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold’ Em” video critique would be “What did I just watch?” “Did the director want to try every type of camera format and then couldn’t decide which type to use?” Was the theme “Beyoncé has OCD and keeps checking to see if she’s still wearing a hat?” and “Was this choreographed by Ms. Robbins for a third-grade pageant show?”
I chose matte black because I am really hoping someone eggs it. It will look more avant-garde afterward; certainly, it can’t make it look worse. Or, in Beyoncé’s words: “Come pour some sugar on me, honey, too.” 
Anyway, I won’t change my mind, or as Madonna says, “Don’t tell me to stop.”
It is now the offseason and the local paper, and also the Aspen Times, are becoming thinner. Now is the time for a conversation among the locals about the change Aspen needs: more Aspen State Teachers College.
Wendle watched the eclipse in northern Vermont last week and stared at the moon like it was a Double Stuf Oreo. Contact him at wendle@wendlewhiting.org.
Columnist

                            Join our community of readers who value daily beat reporting and in-depth stories alike. Your membership allows us to continue the legacy of local, independent journalism in the Roaring Fork Valley. With your support, we can remain a free and accessible source of news for everyone, always without paywalls or corporate influence. Together, we can ensure that vital local stories are told.
                        
If you're interested in submitting a Letter to the Editor, click here.

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Be the first to know what's happening as it's happening. When a story breaks, your email dings.
Catch up on the week's most-read stories. Perfect Sunday reading.
Wake up to today's headlines in your inbox. Information is just a click away. 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: