Manage your account
A fish supper and roast beef and Yorkshire pudding are not the first things that come to mind when thinking about the glamorous after-parties that accompany the Oscars.
But that is precisely what the cream of Hollywood’s A-listers can look forward to tucking into at this year’s Academy Awards.
London-based chef Elliot Grover has been flown to LA on a very British mission – to showcase some of this country’s traditional dishes for the ceremony at the Dolby Theatre on Sunset Strip.
On the menu will be bite-sized servings of lobster and chips; roast wagyu beef with creamed horseradish and Yorkshire pudding; prawn cocktail roll with beluga caviar and, of course, the fish and chips inspired by his childhood on the Cornwall coast.
This kind of fare went down a storm last year, when Grover, the executive chef at the five-star 45 Park Lane hotel in Mayfair, became the first British chef to cook at the Oscars, serving up classic dishes such as beef wellington and fish and chips at the Governor’s Ball, the ceremony where the winners get their trophies engraved.
It seems the stars simply couldn’t get enough.
“The food was so, so popular,” said Grover. “The stall was put right underneath where they get the engraving of the Oscars, so I mean, Brendan Fraser was eating the fish and chips, Lisa Vanderpump [from the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills] was stood chatting to me for like half an hour, she was asking me where I was from in England because she’s British as well.
“It was really amazing, I saw basically everybody there. The two producers that won the Oscar for An Irish Goodbye, they were stood there for about a half an hour and they must have had about 12 fish and chips.
“Lady Gaga walked past. She didn’t have anything but she said it looked amazing. Lenny Kravtiz had a few as well.”
That experience suggests there will be Oscar designer gowns and suits queuing the length of the red carpet to get a taste of Britain after the awards have been handed out on Sunday evening.
Grover is again teaming up with Wolfgang Puck, the Austrian chef who owns Cut, the American Steakhouse at 45 Park Lane, and who he joined to prepare food for last’s year’s awards. Puck is celebrating his 30th anniversary serving food at the Academy Awards this year.
“Wolfgang wanted to do three British dishes which are also served at 45 Park Lane in the Bar until April, so if anyone wants to try it they can. He said we have to do the fish and chips again because it was so popular,” said Grover. “The main one this year to be honest, which I think will be a hit, is the mini wagyu roasted yorkshire pudding with roast beef with creamed horseradish.
“What I’ve noticed is that they love the British food, they really love it. It’s something a bit different to what they’re eating normally.”
By the time all the awards have been handed out the stars are more than ready for their supper.
“The ceremony is about six hours long or something ridiculous, so by the end of it they’re starving,” said Grover. “It’s different food stalls, so they’ve got for example a sushi stall, the British stall, but the thing is not very many chefs get the opportunity to actually be out there.
“There are only like three or four stalls out there so I’m very lucky to be in that prime position.”
Outside the awards, the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) is braced for any sign of protesters planning to sabotage the Oscars over the Israel-Gaza conflict.
There are fears activists could try to storm the stage or blockade roads ferrying guests to the ceremony following growing tension over the war.
US Senate frontrunner Adam Schiff’s victory speech on Tuesday following his primary win was interrupted in Hollywood by protesters chanting “ceasefire now”.
Multiple protests have been staged around Interstate 110 in past months, including one that blocked traffic on the busy road.
LAPD Cmdr Randy Goddard said: “It’s going to be our goal to ensure that the Academy Awards is successful, that guests can arrive safely and get into the venue.
“But, also, we are going to try very hard to make contact with the groups as they show up, and lay out the expectation that we as the police are here to support your First Amendment constitutional rights.”
Broaden your horizons with award-winning British journalism. Try The Telegraph free for 3 months with unlimited access to our award-winning website, exclusive app, money-saving offers and more.