Sound Check is the Globe’s weekly guide to concerts, tunes, and trends rooted in Boston and beyond. This column covers Dec. 27-Jan. 2.
Growing up in Massachusetts, Nancia often spent New Year’s Eve tuned into the live broadcast of First Night Boston. From the glistening ice sculptures to fireworks bursting at the stroke of midnight, the spectacle “had my family stuck on the TV, enjoying the celebration,” the Boston R&B artist recalls.
These days, Nancia is on the other side of the screen every Dec. 31, crooning in bejeweled jumpsuits and adding glitz to the year’s final hours as a First Night performer (she’s even written a theme song for the event, a promise to party that’s aptly titled “First Night Boston”). Her Tuesday evening set at City Hall Plaza’s main stage will mark her fourth year of involvement, making her one of the most familiar faces for guests who make the annual trek into the city on New Year’s Eve.
Nancia’s not the only artist who’s returning to City Hall Plaza; anyone who’s huddled among fellow Plaza concertgoers in recent years will recognize a good portion of the talent on First Night’s main stage. It was DJ WhySham, for instance, who soundtracked the Plaza’s reopening in 2022. She’s since circled back to perform at GLD FSTVL, an annual hip-hop fest at the Plaza curated by the Boston group STL GLD, who will also perform Tuesday evening (a fitting finale for their 10th anniversary). The Femmes, a Boston cover group consisting of women and non-binary bandmates, dazzled guests at the Plaza’s Boston Marathon Fan Fest in April, while mariachi singer Veronica Robles helped kickstart the inaugural Fiesta En La Plaza for Latinx Heritage Month in 2023.
Advertisement
Much like Nancia, other acts from the main stage’s lineup stand out from past editions of First Night; both Koliba, who enmesh ska and reggae with West African beats, and the dance-rock group Guess Method will reprise their roles in the festivities on Tuesday. Representatives from the youth development program Boston Music Project will also take the stage, as they have in previous years. Rounding out the stage’s schedule is singer-songwriter Houston Bernard (who lassos his Oklahoma roots as a Boston-based country artist), Cape Verdean singer Zuleica Rosário, and funk-slathered Massachusetts pop group Hill House The Band.
Advertisement
Presented together, the evening plays out like a scrapbook of Boston’s musical memories — and begins to set the stage for the event’s 50th anniversary celebration in 2026.
GIG GUIDE
Will Dailey unveils music from his new album, “Boys Talking,” at a pair of homecoming performances at the Burren this Friday and Saturday. For folks who don’t already own it, these shows offer a rare chance to hear songs from the Boston singer-songwriter’s seventh LP; “Boys Talking” isn’t available on streaming services, per Dailey’s design.
On Friday in Lowell, Taffeta taps Massachusetts acts to raise money for small businesses located within the nearby Mill No. 5, which will shutter at the end of January. Artists on the lineup include the rock groups Cozy Throne, Mile 57, and Glad Valley, as well as Magnificent Danger, a “video game music brass band” from Boston.
Advertisement
Boston funk-rock quartet Bermuda Search Party (f.k.a. The Q-Tip Bandits) bring some bounce to the Sinclair on Friday and Saturday on the heels of their stripped-down November single “Shiver.” Local DJ duo The Glitter Boys hit the turntables on Tuesday for a “primal glamor”-themed dance night and send-off for 2024.
Melissa Ferrick — the Boston alt-folk figure who re-recorded her 1998 album “Everything I Need” this year — hosts a doubleheader at Passim with two Friday evening performances. Another staple of the region’s folk scene, Ellis Paul, unfurls his decades-long career across four shows on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday (which is a New Year’s Eve twofer).
Rarely ones to sit still, Boston country act Dalton & The Sheriffs follow their recent record “Live at Harborlights” with a Saturday performance at Roadrunner to raise money for the local nonprofit Cancer Can’t. English duo Gorgon City soundtrack the start of the new year at the venue on Tuesday, equipped with electronica from their July album, “Reverie.”
DJ giant Steve Aoki visits Big Night Live on Sunday as a warmup for the nightclub’s New Year’s Eve celebrations with DJ Costa; Aoki, a frequent performer at the nightclub, dropped a handful of 10-year anniversary remixes of his tune “Feedback” earlier this month.
NOW SPINNING
In honor of 2024 coming to a close, let’s revisit a few tunes that stayed on repeat this year.
Advertisement
Jon Batiste, “Für Elise - Batiste.” Of all the “spontaneous compositions” gracefully woven into Jon Batiste’s November record, “Beethoven Blues,” no reworked classic shines quite like his rendition of “Für Elise.” Batiste braids the blues into the elegance of Beethoven’s time-honored masterpiece, bridging genres and generations.
Lady Gaga, “Disease.” How this single didn’t sweep across the nation like a plague, I’ll never understand. “Disease” slots into Lady Gaga’s era of gothic electro-pop circa 2009 by resurrecting the wily weirdness that once defined her career. After a decade of recording jazz standards, film soundtracks, and brighter pop compositions, “Disease” proves that Gaga still knows how to dance in the dark.
girl in red, “DOING IT AGAIN BABY.” Each year requires a blissful new anthem for zipping down the highway, and girl in red’s “DOING IT AGAIN BABY” is the top contender for 2024. The Norwegian singer-songwriter cruises with unbridled swagger on this cut from her sophomore album, whirring through hooky pop-rock before breaking into a banjo-driven sprint on the bridge.
BONUS TRACK
Aerosmith may have called off the remainder of their farewell tour, but Draw the Line are still in action. The tribute group (named after the iconic Boston band’s 1977 album) will perform in Pembroke at Soundcheck Studios on Monday, just one night before Aerosmith were scheduled to perform at TD Garden for the final time.
Victoria Wasylak can be reached at vmwasylak@gmail.com. Follow her on X @VickiWasylak.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information