TEXAS PERFORMING ARTS PRESENTS
Since that fateful moment when he decided to create a new, musical experience out of the long and established traditions of classical, pop and rock music, HAUSER has been playing arena concerts all over the world, defying the conventions of the established music business. From his now iconic rendition of “Smooth Criminal,” the song that launched him as an internet sensation and, where he was established as the founding member of the duo 2Cellos, he has captured the hearts and minds of millions.
HAUSER’S performance style may only be described as electric; a unique pairing of cello pyrotechnics that align beauty, elegance and true rock muscle. Fueled by a repertoire base that is as wide and expansive as Lady Gaga is from Tchaikovsky or Shakira is from Shostakovich, HAUSER is the dynamic cellist performing all of it and taking the world by storm — for what other classically trained cellist can say they have toured with Elton John?
Whether you find him collaborating with other artistic legends, like Andrea Bocelli or the Red Hot Chili Peppers, or, appearing in his own, stunning music video series, Alone Together, which features performances from his Billboard chart topping album, “CLASSIC," HAUSER consistently pushes the limits of his cello and his music-making. He is a phenomenon that is one part virtuoso and the other, that of sheer, animal magnetism. For HAUSER’s fans, perhaps it is simply his ability to unify generations of music lovers.
HAUSER is a rockstar with a cello…and this is only the beginning.
***WIN A VIP PACKAGE TO THE SHOW***
Click below for a chance to win a VIP Package for Hauser: Rebel with a Cello on Tuesday, June 18 at 7:00 p.m. at Bass Concert Hall as part of the Texas Welcomes series from Texas Performing Arts. One winner will receive a pair of premium seats, a parking pass, drink tickets and access to the Texas Inner Circle lounge at Bass Concert Hall. Entries must be received by 11:59 p.m. on Sunday, June 9, 2024 to qualify. One entry per person. Winners will be notified by email or phone.
Texas Performing Arts is the professional arts presenting and producing program of The University of Texas at Austin. One of the largest and most active university-based performing arts centers in the U.S., Texas Performing Arts is an anchor institution in Austin’s arts, cultural, and entertainment landscape. Texas Performing Arts operates venues on the UT campus including Austin’s largest theatre, the newly renovated Bass Concert Hall. Its public programs include Broadway in Austin; the Texas Welcomes series of national touring artists; and a curated season of international dance, theatre, music and more. Texas Performing Arts is an integral unit of UT’s College of Fine Arts and engages thousands of students across the university every year. In calendar year 2022, TPA sold 250,000 tickets serving as a popular gateway to campus. Following a national search, Tony Award-winning producer Bob Bursey was appointed Executive and Artistic Director in January of 2020.  
Alongside thousands of listener-contributors, businesses, foundations, and arts partners, KMFA is supported in part by awards from the Cultural Arts Division of the City of Austin Economic Development Department, the Texas Commission on the Arts, the National Endowment for the Arts, and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.