Metro journalists select and curate the products that feature on our site. If you make a purchase via links on this page we will earn commission – learn more
When celebrities share their products of the moment, must-haves or items we should invest our money in (without the #ad), we’re here for it.
So you can only imagine our delight when Molly-Mae Hague shared with us (and her other 7.9 million followers) the foundation that’s quickly become her go-to.
In fact, she actually stated that it’s ‘the longest I’ve stuck with a foundation for!’
The brand in question? Well, it was of course the viral, £42 Haus Labs by Lady Gaga – and it’s a firm favourite of Metro HQ too.
Available in a whopping 49 different shades, this foundation is infused with 20+ skincare ingredients including HAUS LABS' patent-pending Fermented Arnica.
The coveted Triclone Skintech Foundation from Haus Labs is described as ‘makeup meets skincare hybrid’.
You’ll get weightless yet medium coverage in a flash, plus it will also target and hide redness, all whilst protecting your skin from environmental aggressors.
How so you might be thinking? Well that’s thanks to it being made with over 20 different skincare ingredients. 
Yes, the award-winning foundation even contains fermented arnica – that helps reduce redness and protects from environmental stress.
Not only that, but it also delivers ultra-comfortable, long-wear staying power on your skin, without compromising anything.
What we love most is the weightless, serum-like texture that blurs and smooths imperfections away – for a natural, luminous finish that wears well – all day long.
As for it sliding off your face, as soon as you leave the house, or looking cakey after immediate application? You can forget it.
After having a rather large moment last year, it’s not hard to see why Molly-Mae is a huge fan of Haus Labs – and she’s not the only one.
A rather large amount of Haus Labs’ hunnies have also shared their love, and passion for the foundation.
One user, who sadly didn’t leave their name exclaimed: ‘WOW’. They went on to add: ‘The hype is beyond real. To say that this foundation is gorgeous, is actually an understatement. Such a lightweight formula, it feels like there’s literally nothing on your skin, and the coverage is absolutely stunning – but it still looks like skin. “Your skin but better” put into a bottle. 10/10 I highly recommend!’
Another five-star reviewer said similar, and mentioned: ‘Best foundation I have ever tried. Wears beautifully, super thin feeling when applying but medium to full coverage. Shade range is amazing and if you use the Haus labs shade finder, the shade match is unreal.’
They went on to add: ‘Personally, I used it for my summer shade and now going in to winter, my summer shade was starting to look too dark on me so I did the shade finder again and the two foundation shades I have are the best matches I’ve ever had.’
Other foundations that Molly-Mae also loves is the classic Giorgio Armani Beauty Luminous Silk Foundation – and if you’ve followed Mols for as long as we have, this is often the one she talks, and wears most.
On the ‘budget friendly’ end, she loves the L’Oreal Paris True Match Foundation, coming in at just £10.99 from Boots.
For that really weightless, ‘barely there’ and buildable finish, Molly-Mae also loves the Hourglass Veil Hydrating Skin Tint, for £49.
As we’ve seen before, anything that Molly-Mae rates or posts about goes out of stock in SECONDS – so what are you waiting for?
Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Share your views in the comments below
Arrow
MORE: Get the glow! Skincare fanatics ‘love’ Glow Renew Night Cream that works in just 14 days
Arrow
MORE: Skincare fans hail this ‘amazing’ powdered cleanser for brightening refining and textured skin
Arrow
MORE: Skincare fanatics are obsessed with an eye cream that’s ‘real life Photoshop for your eye area’
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up for your retail fix with exclusive discounts, sales and product reviews.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy