By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Lady Gaga is set to star opposite Joaquin Phoenix in Joker: Folie à Deux, Todd Phillips’ musical follow-up to his 2019 DC film.

	The singer joins the sequel as Harley Quinn, and an audio preview of the star as the character has been unveiled.

	“You can do anything you want… you’re Joker,” Gaga as Harley Quinn is heard saying in a TikTok video shared by the official movie’s account.

	The preview was dropped the same day that the key art for the sequel film was released. The poster shows Phoenix’s Joker dipping Gaga’s Harley Quinn amid a dance.

	“The world is a stage,” reads the caption for the poster.

	










			Watch on Deadline		





A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga)

	The sequel’s cast also includes Catherine Keener, Brendan Gleeson and Zazie Beetz.

	Joker: Folie à Deux is part of DC Elseworlds and is not part of the universe that Peter Safran and James Gunn have been building since taking the helm of DC Studios.

	Gaga is taking on the role of Harley Quinn, which Margot Robbie portrayed in films like Suicide Squad (2016), Birds of Prey (2020), and The Suicide Squad (2021). Robbie was happy that the Harley Quinn character would continue to live on.

	“It makes me so happy because I said from the very beginning, all I want is for Harley Quinn to be one of those characters, the way like Macbeth or Batman always gets passed from great actor to great actor,” Robbie told MTV News in 2022.

	Robbie continued, “It’s such an honor to have built a foundation strong enough that Harley can now be one of those characters that other actors get to have a go at playing. I think she’ll do something incredible with it.”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.