Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The Film Academy's music branch has shortlisted the film's score, which Ronson co-composed with Andrew Wyatt, and two songs that Ronson co-wrote and co-produced, "I'm Just Ken" and "Dance the Night."

							By 

	Scott Feinberg

Executive Editor of Awards

Mark Ronson, the guest on this episode of The Hollywood Reporter’s Awards Chatter podcast (which was recorded in front of an audience at the Newport Beach Film Festival last October), has been one of the most influential figures in the world of music for 25 years — even though he’s only 48. But it was only in the last year that he emerged as a major figure in the world of music for film, with Greta Gerwig’s Barbie.

	For the film that proved to be the biggest blockbuster of 2023, he and Andrew Wyatt composed the score, which has been Oscar-shortlisted; he co-wrote and/or co-produced a number of original songs, including “I’m Just Ken” and “Dance the Night,” both of which have been Oscar-shortlisted; and he executive produced its overall soundtrack.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					'Awards Chatter' Pod: Bruce Springsteen on Emmy-Eligible Doc 'Road Diary,' Upcoming Film 'Deliver Me from Nowhere' and An Unparalleled Career		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					'Lilo & Stitch' and 'Mission: Impossible' Tracking to Sew Up Biggest Memorial Day Box Office in History		
			








	The undertaking also brought him five Grammy nominations: song of the year (“Dance the Night”), best score soundtrack for visual media (Barbie), best song written for visual media (“I’m Just Ken”), best song written for visual media (“Dance the Night”) and best compilation soundtrack for visual media (Barbie: The Album).

	Ronson first garnered public attention back in the 1990s, when he emerged in New York as one of the first and biggest “celebrity DJs,” then a new phenomenon. He eventually transitioned into making new music, becoming one of the most in-demand producers in the business, with collaborators including Amy Winehouse, Bruno Mars, Lady Gaga, Paul McCartney and Adele.

	Along the way, he has tallied 17 Grammy nominations (including the aforementioned five), seven of which resulted in wins, including producer of the year and — twice — record of the year, for his collaboration with Winehouse, “Rehab,” and for his collaboration with Mars, “Uptown Funk.” He also was recognized with the best original song Oscar and Golden Globe for his collaboration with Gaga, “Shallow.” In 2018, he established his own label, Zelig Records (an imprint of Columbia Records), and formed the duo Silk City with fellow producer Diplo.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.