Little Monsters and Beyhive, we’re in for a treat. Remember that time last year when fans speculated whether Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter promo was hinting at a “Telephone” sequel? It turns out, they weren’t too far off. Although the presumed clues in her visuals turned out to be coincidental, there is hope for the “Telephone” saga to continue after all.    
It’s been 15 years since Lady Gaga and Beyoncé dropped the iconic music video for their collab—and 15 years since it ended with the words “To be continued...” scrawled across our screens. While both super stars have gone on to lead explosive careers since then, it seems like they might finally join forces once again to give fans the follow-up they’ve been waiting for. 
Ahead, all the hints Gaga and Beyoncé have dropped—intentionally and unintentionally—about “Telephone” part 2.
Gaga and Beyoncé both attended the 2024 Super Bowl in Las Vegas to watch the Kansas City Chiefs defeat the San Francisco 49ers, which might not seem like a big deal considering the game was a star-studded event. But given the next clue, it makes a lot more sense. 
The “Telephone” music video starts off with Gaga getting booked into “prison for b#?/7&es” on February 11, 2010. Super Bowl LVIII also happened to take place on February 11, 2024.
While watching the big game, Gaga snapped a photo of the field, flashing a peace-sign in front of the camera. But fans read into it a little deeper, suggesting the possibility that Gaga was holding up two fingers to tease “Telephone” part 2.
Gaga also wore a number “16” 49ers jersey, which the internet theorized supported Beyoncé’s second single, called “16 CARRIAGES.”
Also on Super Bowl Sunday, Beyoncé posted a video to share the news of her next album, Cowboy Carter, with the world.  In the video, she drives a retro taxi cab through the desert, similar to the one in the “Telephone” music video, in which Beyoncé bails Gaga out of jail and picks her up in her “Pussy Wagon,” complete with flame decals and fuzzy dice hanging from the rearview mirror. They share a honeybun before taking off into the desert. Beyoncé loves a good Easter egg. 
Also on Feb. 11, 2024, Beyoncé dropped two new songs following her Act II announcement, and one of them is called “TEXAS HOLD ‘EM.” Fans were quick to note the similarities and references to Gaga’s hit track “Poker Face.” Not only do both songs revolve around the card game, but the latter also begins with Gaga singing, “I wanna hold ‘em like they do in Texas, please.”
A year after the Super Bowl speculation, Gaga addressed rumors of Telephone part 2 during her Vanity Fair lie detector interview shared in February 2025. When asked whether “Telephone” will be continued, Gaga answered “Yes,” and when asked if Beyoncé would be included, she replied, “Maybe.” But when pressed whether the long wait was due to scheduling conflicts with Beyoncé, Gaga swiftly denied. “No!” she said. She kept her answers quite brief.  
Later that month, a fan asked Gaga about the status of the “Telephone” sequel during a Little Monsters Press Conference hosted by Spotify. “The tea on Telephone part 2 is that there will be [one],” she said, sending the crowd cheering. “But I’m not gonna give it all away. You wouldn’t want that anyway.” 
When the fan begged for more info, a sneak peek, a taste—anything, Gaga replied,  “I think that you should all call Beyoncé together. Watch the video below. 
This story will be updated. 
All of Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Looks
Read Selena Gomez’s Suggestive ‘Talk’ Lyrics
Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Is a Family Affair
Benny Blanco Is the World’s Greatest Fiancé
The Best New Songs We Heard Last Month
Meet Your Favorite Artists’ Favorite Collaborators
Coco Jones on Her Debut Album
Everything to Know About Lorde’s New Album 
See Beyoncé's Full Cowboy Carter Tour Setlist
How to Get Tickets to Beyoncé's Cowboy Carter Tour
Blue Ivy Joins Beyoncé on the Cowboy Carter Tour
Samara Joy Is Redefining Jazz Music
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.