Manage your account
AUSTIN (KXAN) — Austin is well known for its annual festivals, especially South by Southwest, which has brought celebrities and even more live music to the area over the years.
KXAN asked viewers about their favorite SXSW moments from previous years.
From attending killer shows to meeting celebrities, here are some viewer highlights from past SXSW events.
 2024: Free South by Southwest events in Austin 
“There are many, but Jay-Z and Kanye at the Austin Music Hall is near the top of my list,” one viewer said.
“Seeing Prince for free back in 2013 at La Zona Rosa,” another viewer commented.
“Several from a looong time ago when I lived in Austin … 1992, Junior Brown, Billygoat. 1993 Biohazard, Sick of it all. 1994 Mojo Nixon & The Toadliquours with Jello Biafra. 1995, Elastica, Ned’s Atomic Dustbin. 1996 the big Iggy Pop finale,” a viewer said.
“1996 Free Iggy Pop show on outdoor stage next to The Driskill! Amazing night!” a viewer agreed.
“Seeing La Dispute at Red 7 back in 2014,” one viewer commented.
“We did both the free day music and then had wristbands for the night music for many years. I think we enjoyed the free day music more. There was so much you can just walk into and sometimes there was free beer or beer for $1, maybe free food,” a viewer said.
“Meeting Lady Gaga and Michelle Obama,” a viewer commented.
“Late 90s…Asian Dub Foundation, The Egg, Deborah Harry, Brian Jonestown Massacre, Sukia, Stereolab, Elysian Fields…,” one viewer said.
“Seeing Amy Winehouse for free at La Zona Rosa,” a viewer said.
“Foster The People on the free big stage on the Friday 2014 night of music. Thousands of people attended. Perfect night,” one viewer commented.
“Strokes at auditorium shores, Tori Kelly at bangers and mash with surprise Justin Bieber appearance. Garth brooks. List goes on,” a viewer said.
“Garth Brooks free show at auditorium shores,” another viewer agreed.
“Slash playing at Zilker Park. Tito’s Vodka sponsored event. They gave out free samples,” one viewer said.
“It was the early 2000s I was working for the catering company at the Convention Center, I served beer to Jeramy and Jason London, Jason Priestly, and Sara Gilbert! I was in my early 20s and it was the hi-light of my year!!!! good times!” another viewer commented.
“I was bartending at the Paramount Theatre during the Isle of Dogs premiere and Bill Murray and I crossed paths in the foyer. He gestured “Hey what’s up!” and went back into the theater. Brush with greatness. Oh, and last year Nick Cage wearing a suit made from his pajamas,” a viewer said.
“I have so many. My favorite is when I was the publicist for SXSW and worked with Johnny Cash for his Keynote address, the press conference I set up, and his show at Emo’s with 19-year-old Beck on the bill,” one viewer commented.
“SXSW 1995 watching David Byrne randomly walk into the Hole in the Wall,” a viewer commented.
“Used to take the kiddos to the free day concerts at town lake, had one of the toddlers featured on the big screen doing that baby squat dance with Sheryl Crow,” one viewer said.
“Best experience was Thundercat at Banger’s. It was like watching Mozart perform in person. Sheer genius, best Bass player I’ve ever seen,” another viewer commented.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to KXAN Austin.