The official trailer for Joker: Folie à Deux is finally here, and it promises musical theatrics, show-stopping performances by Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga, and deliriously fun chaos ahead for Joker and Harley Quinn. 
On Tuesday, Warner Bros. released the official trailer for the highly anticipated sequel, which is slated to hit theaters exactly five years to the day after its predecessor danced into cinemas. Like the first trailer teased in April, Phoenix plays a gaunt and disheveled Arthur Fleck -- the real name of Joker's character in the DC Comics -- as he serves his time in Arkham State Hospital for the murder of Robert De Niro's character in Joker. The failed stand-up comedian quickly has his interest piqued when he catches the eye of Gaga's character, a fellow patient at the hospital.
"Two years ago, the name Arthur Fleck hit Gotham like a hurricane," a voiceover narrates in the beginning of the official trailer, suggesting that the sequel takes place two years after the events of the first film.
Joker smiles and laughs in the back of a police van as the radio speaks of "the trial of a century" for him. "They believe Arthur Fleck to be some kind of martyr," the radio voice continues. "Well, he's not. There's a monster."
As the police drive through the city to the asylum, fans in clown masks and "Free Joker" signs bang on the car windows, hoping to get a glimpse of Joker.
Inside the hospital is Harley Quinn. She smiles as she points a finger gun to her head and lets it imaginarily go off.
"When I first saw Joker, when I saw you, for once in my life I didn't feel so alone anymore," she narrates. 
The trailer then shows a mix of burglary, vandalism and arson. Joker and Harley Quinn share a kiss in the middle of the chaos, suggesting a tumultuous pairing. 
"For once in my life, I have someone who needs me," Joker sings, setting the tone for the movie-musical. The song seems to be a cover of Stevie Wonder's "For Once in My Life."
The trailer continues its use of 1960s music. A slowed version of Frank Sinatra's "When You're Smiling" plays in the background as Joker and Harley Quinn wreck gleeful havoc. 
"You can do anything you want. You're Joker," Harley Quinn says.
As the preview progresses, things get worse for Gotham City. Violence heightens as the mad couple begin their reign of terror on the urban cityscape. The trial becomes a performance with Joker clad in clown makeup in the courtroom and his followers cheering his every move. At one point, the clip shows Joker holding a mallet and using it to smash the judge's head.
The new trailer comes just a few months after the first trailer for Joker: Folie à Deux dropped during CinemaCon on April 9. The nearly two-and-a-half-minute teaser shows the progression of Joker and Harley Quinn's love story, falling fast as they live and dance through a world of their own, heavily influenced by classics like Singing in the Rain and The Wizard of Oz. 
"We use music to make us whole, to balance the fractures within ourselves," a voiceover narrates in the teaser.
It ultimately comes to a head when Joker is grilled about how his life has evolved since first being locked up, to which he points to Gaga's character as the impetus for his newfound happiness and love of life again. 
"Tell us, Arthur, what's changed?" asks Steve Coogan's character, whose name has yet to be revealed by Warner Bros. 
"Well, I'll tell you what's changed, I'm not alone anymore," Joker responds as the clip cuts to a montage of scenes with Harley Quinn. 
Earlier this year, the first poster for the sequel showed Phoenix and Gaga's characters dancing in a spotlight while wearing their comic characters' infamous clown makeup. The poster was also adorned with the message, "the world is a stage," teasing that Harley Quinn and Joker will perform together for the world to see, an idea also reiterated throughout the trailer. 
At one point in the teaser, a TV set lights up with "Joker & Harley" on a backdrop and a series of fast clips show the characters engaged in a variety musical series much like The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour.
The poster and trailer are exciting signs that the movie is almost here after five years of waiting and nearly two years since Gaga was first announced to be joining the cast as Harley Quinn.  
In anticipation of the new film, ET is answering some of the biggest questions surrounding the movie, including who's in it, what it's about, and when we can see it.
The movie drops in theaters on Oct. 4, 2024, in the United States. Warner Bros. has yet to announce or share details about international release dates and if they differ from the U.S. release. The date marks exactly five years since the original movie came out. 
 Joker: Folie à Deux was also just announced to premiere at the Venice Film Festival, which runs Aug. 28 to Sept. 7.
The film is believed to be a continuation of the Joker origin story told in the first film. That movie followed Batman's nemesis, Arthur Fleck, as he turned from comedian to villain. This movie finds him institutionalized at Arkham awaiting trial for his crimes as Joker.
Based on photos released by Phillips on his Instagram while filming, it seems as though the film will closely follow the DC Comics story about how the Joker and Harley Quinn came to fall in love. 
In the comics, Joker is a patient at the Arkham Asylum after his arrest and put under the care of Dr. Harleen Quinzel. Joker slowly turns Quinzel against her better judgment until he eventually pushes her into a vat of chemicals, bleaching her skin and driving her mad. It appears that the film is taking an alternative route, however, and having Gaga play another patient at the Arkham State Hospital -- the film version of the Arkham Asylum -- based on the teaser and official trailer. 
In 2023, the film was confirmed to be a musical and in March Variety reported that Joker: Folie à Deux includes at least 15 cover songs, making it similar to Moulin Rouge! starring Ewan McGregor and Nicole Kidman. The outlet also shared that original tracks may also be included. 
In the highly anticipated sequel, Phoenix reprises his role as Joker, while Gaga joins the cast as Harley Quinn. Also returning is Zazie Beetz as Sophie Dumond -- a single mother who lives in the same building as Joker. Newcomers include Steve Coogan, The Banshees of Inisherin star Brendan Gleeson, and Catherine Keener, who all star in undisclosed roles. 
The movie was filmed in New York City and surrounding areas in the winter and spring of 2023. At the time, Gaga and Phoenix were caught filming on the stairs where Phoenix's character had his now-infamous dance scene from the 2019 original film. The on-screen couple was seen looking affectionate as Gaga busted out moves of her own on the steps. 
Production was also in progress outside of a New York City courthouse in late March. In photos posted online, Gaga's iteration of the iconic character -- who has previously been played by Margot Robbie and Kaley Cuoco -- walked into the building and even gave the middle finger to one person in a crowd outside.
Days later, the movie was seen shooting at a building in Belleville, New Jersey, which will serve as Arkham Asylum for the purpose of the film. 
 For more related headlines, check out the links below. 
RELATED CONTENT: 
Video
Movies
News
Movies