By 

	Rudie Obias


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Variety may receive an affiliate commission.

	One of the most intense experiences of the summer will soon be streaming. M. Night Shyamalan‘s “Trap” is a moderate hit taking in more than $72.1 million at the worldwide box office and now you can watch it at home.

	Starting on Friday, Aug. 30 at 12 a.m. ET/Thursday, Aug. 29 at 9 p.m. PT, “Trap” in 4K Ultra HD is available to buy digitally for $24.99 online on Prime Video, Apple TV and other video-on-demand platforms.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How Indie Film and Los Angeles Can Help Each Other		
			














	
		
					Robert De Niro Shares 'Love and Support' for His Daughter Airyn After She Comes Out as Transgender: 'I Don't Know What the Big Deal Is'		
			








	Meanwhile, “Trap” is set for release on DVD, Blu-ray and 4K Ultra HD on Tuesday, Nov. 5 at Target and Amazon.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	As for the film itself, Variety’s film critic Owen Gleiberman praised the film’s music. The “concert given by Lady Raven, a pop superstar (played by Shyamalan’s daughter, Saleka Shyamalan) who’s a kind of mashup of Lady Gaga and Olivia Rodrigo,” Gleiberman wrote in his review. “Her songs are pulsating and catchy (Saleka Shyamalan wrote them, and they’re pretty damn good, as is her performance).”

	Written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan, “Trap” follows loving father and firefighter Cooper, played by Josh Hartnett, taking his teenaged daughter Riley, played by Ariel Donoghue, to a daytime concert featuring her favorite pop star Lady Raven, played by Saleka Night Shyamalan.

	However, Cooper has a secret. In his secret life, he’s really a brutal serial killer known as “The Butcher” and the Lady Raven concert is a complex trap to catch him. Cooper must now try to evade the police without revealing himself to his daughter.

	The movie also stars Alison Pill, Hayley Mills, Jonathan Langdon, Mark Bacolcol, Marnie McPhail, Kid Cudi, Russ, Marcia Bennett, Lochlan Miller and others.

	Watch M. Night Shyamalan’s “Trap” on Prime Video or Apple TV. The thriller is available to buy in 4K Ultra HD for $24.99 online. Watch the movie’s trailer, below:
The Business of Entertainment