Call it a swift style upgrade.
In a move that proves Taylor Swift and Brittany Mahomes’ friendship spans fashion as well as football, the wife of Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes has hired Venetia Kidd, a loyal member of the pop superstar’s styling squad.
Kidd has worked closely with Joseph Cassell Falconer, Swift’s longtime stylist, since about 2018, and appears to have first collaborated with Mahomes for her Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue press circuit earlier this year.
The talented Toronto native outfitted the mom of two in a silver sequined Oscar de la Renta minidress for a Las Vegas bash hosted by the magazine in February, followed by a draped crystal crop top and black satin maxi skirt by Sau Lee for April’s Time 100 Gala in NYC.
Kidd’s also behind the beautifully beaded floral Oscar de la Renta design Mahomes wore to the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue launch party in May — and, most recently, the ravishing red fringed Gemy Maalouf gown the former soccer player wore for the Chiefs’ Super Bowl ring ceremony on Thursday.
In addition to elevating Mahomes’ red carpet attire, Kidd’s also been styling the WAG for more casual moments. At the F1 Miami Grand Prix last month, she dressed her in a duo of colorful checked Versace skirt sets that made headlines.
Mahomes’ recent wardrobe makeover hasn’t gone unnoticed by her fans; “You found the best stylist,” one commented on an Instagram post of the star’s look from the Chiefs’ ring ceremony, while another wrote, “She’s been killin it!!!”
“She was a stunner before, but after SI….next level!” a third agreed.
In between styling Mahomes and other solo clients like “The Wiz” star Nichelle Lewis and singer-songwriter Alex Isley, Kidd continues to collaborate with Cassell Falconer on Swift’s looks for red carpets, photoshoots and the Eras Tour.
She’s also worked with some of Hollywood’s other top stylists, including Tom Eerebout and Sandra Amador (Lady Gaga) and Annabelle Harron (Oprah Winfrey, Salma Hayek).
Swift and Mahomes have become close friends since the pop phenom started dating Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce last summer.
In addition to spending plenty of time together (and occasionally coordinating their clothes) in the team’s suite during football season, they’ve been seen dining, partying and attending charity galas in recent months, both with and without their significant others in tow.
Advertisement