Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Seeing Taylor Swift in action during her second UK Eras Tour show in Edinburgh was an unforgettable experience. Being so close to such a superstar performing at her peak was like a dream come true.
However, as amazing as the concert was - from Taylor's captivating stage presence and incredible vocals, to the skilled dancers and overall production - there were three things I found challenging. None of these issues were related to Taylor or her tour, but rather my own struggles.
If you're going to see her live in the coming weeks, whether it's in Liverpool, Cardiff or London, here are three things I wish I'd known beforehand. The main thing is wishing I'd gone to the toilet much earlier than I did - as for the other two points, they largely depend on what kind of tickets you've got.
 For my first point, I wish I'd accepted my fate sooner. To give you some context, my mates and I arrived at Edinburgh's Murrayfield Stadium around 1.30pm on Saturday (June 8) - Taylor wasn't due to hit the stage until about 8pm, reports Bristol Live. 
So, we thought we were early birds, with our chances of getting a good view of Taylor being pretty high. We had General Admission Standing tickets, which meant we had to follow the 'pink route' around the stadium.
After having our tickets scanned and bags inspected, it quickly dawned on us that we hadn't arrived early enough. Already, there was a sea of Swifties queuing up, many comfortably seated on picnic blankets or deck chairs.
Most of these fans had been there for hours. A significant number were VIP ticket holders, which allowed them to enter the stadium an hour before General Admission ticket holders. At that point, I wished I'd accepted that we probably wouldn't get a perfect view of Taylor.
When we were finally let into the stadium, just after 4pm, my mates and I decided to skip grabbing a bite or using the loo in hopes of securing a good spot near the stage. We were mistaken.
We managed to get as close as physically possible. However, the crowd of people already sitting on the floor claiming their space seemed endless.
So, my advice would be to either arrive super early if you're keen on getting a really good view of Taylor up close. Or, just accept that you might not be as close as you'd like and may not always have a clear view of her or the screen.
But regardless, just being fortunate enough to have tickets to see Taylor Swift's Eras Tour live should be enough. You're guaranteed to have an amazing time no matter what.
The health-conscious part of me is absolutely horrified at my second point. I didn't visit the bathroom for a whole eight hours.
It's definitely not something I should have done. I certainly wouldn't advise anyone else to do the same.
In hindsight, I should have made a beeline for the bathroom as soon as we got into the stadium. We did go before catching a taxi there, but once we arrived, we ended up queuing for two hours.
Once they let us in, we were too focused on securing a good spot to risk losing it all by taking a toilet break. After we found our spot where we'd likely stay for the next several hours, we took turns grabbing food.
We agreed that we'd go to the toilet after Paramore (Taylor Swift's support act), so we wouldn't miss any of their performance or Taylor's. When Paramore finished, one of my mates went to the toilet - we tried our best to save her spot, but everyone just squeezed into it - even though she was returning.
She was gone for half an hour. That's how long the queue for the toilet was.
When she finally managed to weave her way through the crowd back to her original spot next to us, it was then my turn to hit the bathroom.
But then, Lady Gaga's Applause started playing out of nowhere. Any Taylor Swift fan will tell you that when this song comes on, it means she's about to take the stage.
And, indeed, that is what she did. I panicked and felt like I had no choice but to go a further three hours without going to the toilet - even though I needed it.
I somehow managed to hold it in until the end of her show, don't ask me how, it is something I'll never do again. But I really wish I had just gone much earlier when I should have and not worried about getting a good view as much.
Nothing is worth getting stomach pain in the middle of a three hour concert because you need the bathroom. The gig is so long, you'll only miss a small part of it anyway.
This last point is up for debate. But, from my personal experience on Saturday, I really wish I didn't underestimate how desperate us fans are to see even just a glimpse of Taylor.
Taller people will stand in front of you, they will accidentally elbow you and you will get irritated at times.
After waiting almost a year to see her in person and with there being an insane amount of hype in the last few months, I should have know we'd forget all manners when it came to being in the stadium. As my friends and I were standing, describing our six hours in Murrayfield Stadium as a workout is an understatement.
I've never had to use so my parts of my body at once before - I had to stand with my legs apart with my feet facing outwards in the two tiny gaps I had left to stand in.
I had to lean back slightly as the girl in front of me was just centimetres away from my face. I also had to try my hardest not to fall on top of the girl sitting directly behind me.
As soon as a slither of space appeared, whether that be from someone nipping to the loo or quickly grabbing a drink, everyone instantly pounced on that spot. But when the person returned, it meant we were all squashed in like sardines with hardly any room to dance or use our phone for snaps and videos.
However, there were moments when you'd get a better view by watching the concert through your phone than with your own eyes. Also, don't be shy to ask fellow Swifties to remove their cowboy hats if they're blocking your view - I had no choice but to and the girl was very polite about it.