ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Blackpink's Rosé and Bruno Mars' single “Apt.” is tied with tunes by Justin Bieber and The Kid Laroi ... More and Harry Styles for the most weeks at No. 1 in a row on the Billboard Global 200.   Rosé from South Korean girl group BLACKPINK attends the Vanity Fair Oscars Party at the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts in Beverly Hills, California, on March 10, 2024. (Photo by Michael TRAN / AFP) (Photo by MICHAEL TRAN/AFP via Getty Images)
It’s not unusual to see some of the biggest names in K-pop, be they groups or soloists, debut a new song very high on Billboard’s worldwide rankings whenever they have something to share. Stars like BTS, Blackpink, and the musicians who make up those acts, have a proven track record of scoring smash after smash on the lists of the most-consumed tracks around the planet, as they are massively popular all around the globe. The latest winner from one of those artists has turned out to be a very special hit, as it simply will not quit.
Rosé’s “Apt.” is still in charge of the Billboard Global 200 as of this frame. The tune, a collaboration between the Blackpink star and Bruno Mars, has now led the charge on the list for nine weeks in a row. As it holds on, the superstars tie a very important record.
“Apt.” is now matched with two other tunes as the track with the most consecutive weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard Global 200. Rosé and Mars are on the same level as both “As It Was” by Harry Styles and “Stay” by The Kid Laroi and Justin Bieber.
The latter of those two tracks was the first to rack up nine stays at No. 1 in a row on the Billboard Global 200, a feat it managed in 2021, when the ranking was still fairly new. The following year, the former One Direction member matched that showing with the biggest single of his career.
“Apt.” debuted atop the Billboard Global 200 in early November, and it hasn’t faltered since then. The tune may very well keep at No. 1 for another week–if not more–and if that is the case, both Rosé and Mars will break their tie and make history.
Rosé collected her first solo No. 1 on the Billboard Global 200 with “Apt.” As one of the four singers that comprise Blackpink, she had already reached the summit–twice, in fact.
Mars has also earned a pair of rulers on the same worldwide tally, and his run is especially notable. Just before “Apt.” debuted at No. 1, he and Lady Gaga sent their unexpected collaboration “Die with a Smile” to the top spot. That song ruled the ranking for eight consecutive weeks, until it was replaced by “Apt.”