Flickering Myth
Geek Culture | Movies, TV, Comic Books & Video Games
March 23, 2024 by EJ Moreno 
We knew Joker: Folie à Deux would be strange, but how outlandish would Todd Phillips make his Joker sequel?
A new report from Variety teases that Joker 2 will be unique. It compares it more to a jukebox musical than the Martin Scorsese-tinged drama that came before it. Joaquin Phoenix’s titular clown could sing some delusional tunes with the addition of singer and actress Lady Gaga.
According to an insider close to the film’s production and having seen an early cut, the movie “leans heavily towards being mostly a jukebox musical, as it integrates at least 15 reinterpretations of very well-known songs.”
The details regarding who the songs and who will perform them are still under wraps. One note from the story however is that the song ‘That’s Entertainment’ from the 1953 musical The Band Wagon will reportedly appear. The song was famously associated with Judy Garland, whom Gaga has paid homage to multiple times.
SEE ALSO: Joker: Folie à Deux budget hits insane $200 million
For those who don’t know, jukebox musicals are known for featuring popular songs sprinkled throughout. We turn to films like Mamma Mia or Moulin Rogue, for example. The Variety story teases that Joker: Folie à Deux will “break the mold” of what a musical can be.
The first trailer/teaser is being released in mid-April, per director Todd Phillips.
Joaquin Phoenix reprises his Oscar-winning role as Arthur Fleck/Joker, along with Zazie Beetz’s Sophie, while other new additions to the cast for the sequel include Lady Gaga (A Star Is Born) as Harley Quinn and Brendan Gleeson (The Banshees of Inisherin), Harry Lawtey (Industry), Catherine Keener (The Adam Project), and Jacob Lofland (Mud) in as-yet-unrevealed roles.
Joker: Folie À Deux is slated to release on October 4th, 2024.
Filed Under: EJ Moreno, Movies, News, Top Stories Tagged With: DC, dc studios, Joaquin Phoenix, Joker, Joker: Folie à Deux, Lady Gaga, Todd Phillips
EJ Moreno is a film and television critic and entertainment writer who joined the pop culture website Flickering Myth in 2018 and now serves as the executive producer of Flickering Myth TV, a YouTube channel with over 27,000 subscribers. With over a decade of experience, he is a Rotten Tomatoes-approved critic who is also part of the Critics Choice Association and GALECA: The Society of LGBTQ Entertainment Critics.
 

© Flickering Myth Limited. All rights reserved. The reproduction, modification, distribution, or republication of the content without permission is strictly prohibited. Movie titles, images, etc. are registered trademarks / copyright their respective rights holders. Read our Terms of Use and  Privacy Policy. If you can read this, you don't need glasses.