Mick is headed to the Mile High City.
On Thursday, June 20, The Rolling Stones are dropping into the Bronco’s Empower Field at Mile High for just one night as part of their ongoing AARP-sponsored ‘’24 Hackney Diamonds’ tour.
As is par for the course on this tour, the Stones will be joined by a unique opening act. At this show, it’s beloved, bluesy jam band Widespread Panic.
The other moving part of the tour is the surprise song the band has fans vote on before the show. Past tracks to make the cut at shows on this run include fan favorites “She’s A Rainbow,” “Heartbreaker,” “Sweet Virginia,” “Emotional Rescue,” and “Wild Horses” among others.
At the time of publication, the Rock Hall of Famers is yet to announce what tracks will be voted on for the Denver show.
However, if you want to score last-minute tickets, it isn’t too late.
Based on our findings, the lowest price we could find on tickets for the June 20 gig was $122 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication.
Floor seats start at $274 before fees.
While that may sound pricey, hearing “Gimme Shelter” live “is worth the price of admission alone,” according to the New York Post’s review of their May 26 MetLife Stadium concert. 
Still looking for a few more details before buying?
We’ve got everything you need to know and more about the Rolling Stones June 20 concert at Empower Stadium below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete breakdown of all the best prices on Rolling Stones tickets at Empower Field at Mile High by section can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
After the brief New Jersey stay, Mick, Keith, and co. have 12 more stadium concerts on their 2024 tour calendar.
For a closer look, here’s where they’re headed next (along with the special guests they’re bringing along):
The Stones performed at Glendale, AZ’s State Farm Stadium on May 7.
Here’s what they took to the stage that night, according to Set List FM:
01.) “Start Me Up”02.) “It’s Only Rock ‘n’ Roll (but I Like It)”03.) “She’s So Cold”04.) “Angry”05.) “Beast of Burden”06.) “Monkey Man”07.) “Mess It Up”08.) “Tumbling Dice”
09.) “You Can’t Always Get What You Want”10.) “Little T&A”11.) “Sympathy for the Devil”12.) “Honky Tonk Women”13.) “Miss You”14.) “Gimme Shelter”15.) “Paint It Black”16.) “Jumpin’ Jack Flash”
Encore
17.) “Sweet Sounds of Heaven”18.) “(I Can’t Get No) Satisfaction”
On Oct. 20, the Stones released their 26th American studio album, “Hackney Diamonds,” featuring special guests Paul McCartney, Elton John, Lady Gaga and Stevie Wonder.
Comprised of 12 hard-rocking tracks that wouldn’t be out of place alongside their singalong stadium anthems of yore, “Diamonds” shows that Mick, Keith, and Ronnie still have their sticky fingers on rock and roll’s pulse.
“We wouldn’t have put this album out if we didn’t really like it,” Jagger, 80, told Jimmy Fallon. “We must say that we are quite pleased with it. We’re not big-headed but we hope you like it.”
If you’re looking to sample the record, we suggest starting with the fierce lead track “Angry” and the wistful ballad “Dreamy Skies.”
Prefer to listen in full? You can find “Hackney Diamonds” here.
No joke — the upcoming tour is sponsored by AARP.
Rather than shy away from their age, the legendary rockers are embracing their elder statesman status.
To give you a peek at who’s in the group these days, take a look below.
Mick Jagger (80 years old) lead and backing vocals, harmonica, rhythm guitar, percussion, keyboards, bass guitar (1962–present)
Keith Richards (80 years old) rhythm and lead guitars, bass guitar, keyboards, percussion, backing and lead vocals (1962–present)
Ronnie Wood (76 years old) lead and rhythm guitars, bass guitar, backing vocals, pedal steel guitar (1975–present)
Backing musicians include Chuck Leavell, Bernard Fowler, Matt Clifford, Darryl Jones, Tim Ries, Karl Denson, Chanelle Haynes, and Steve Jordan.
Their longtime drummer Charlie Watts passed away in August 2021.
As noted above, the Stones are bringing along different special guests with them at each gig.
This time, it’s John Bell and Widespread Panic. If you’re not familiar with the band’s bluesy, Southern rock, we recommend starting with the soulful “Up All Night,” twangy “Ain’t Life Grand” and laid-back “Pickin’ Up The Pieces” to sample their sound.
Want to see them headline live? You’re in luck- they’re striking out on a tour of their own this year as will.
Tickets for all 2024 Widespread Panic concerts can be found here.
Many AARP card-carrying icons will take the stage this year and next.
Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss live in the near future.
• Bob Dylan with Robert Plant and Willie Nelson
• Electric Light Orchestra
• Ringo Starr
• Justin Hayward of The Moody Blues
• Heart with Cheap Trick
Need more ’60s and ’70s hitmakers in your life? Check out our list of the 52 biggest classic rockers on tour in 2024 to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change