Colin Jost appears to have suffered an injury in the line of duty while reporting on the 2024 Paris Olympic games. 
On Monday, the Saturday Night Live Weekend Update host shared a graphic photo of his bandaged toes following the incident. 
"You know it's going great when you’ve been to the Olympic medical tent more than any of the athletes," Jost wrote.
Next to the caption was a photo of Jost's foot with bandages on three of his toes. The comedian didn't share what happened. 
Jost, 42, is reporting live from the Olympics in Tahiti, where in honor of French territories, the French Polynesian island is hosting the surfing events. The events are set to be some of the most intense, as the island is experiencing some of its biggest waves. 
The SNL star's injuries come after he arrived in Tahiti and shared a picture of his welcome present -- another injury. In the photo, Jost put his bloodied foot on display and reveals the injury was sustained by a reef.
"This might ruin my WikiFeet score but I just arrived in Tahiti for the surfing Olympics and the reef was excited to greet me #paris2024 #showfeet," he wrote. 
On Sunday, Jost had some fun with his coverage, as he wore what has become his signature Paris Olympics uniform -- a blue Olympics blazer over a festive print beach shirt and white shirt. Partially explaining why he's been to the medical tent for foot injuries, Jost revealed that he has not been wearing shoes while reporting live from the beach. 
Missing from the action is Jost's wife, Scarlett Johansson, and their children. Ahead of his time at the Olympics, ET spoke with Jost, who dished on how he got the gig. 
"Everyone's like. 'How did you get is?' I don't know who else was volunteering," he told ET. "I was just like "I'll love to do it,'" he said. "I love surfing, I'll go, I'll be a very average surfer trying to figure out how to surf in Tahiti and they were like, 'Great.'"
The 2024 Paris Olympics has been filled with star power and celebrity support including Snoop Dogg -- who is also serving as one of NBC's special correspondents, and more A-list stars including Serena Williams, John Legend, Chrissy Teigen, and more who are there to watch the games. Celine Dion and Lady Gaga both kicked off the events with performances during the Opening Ceremony. 
 RELATED CONTENT:
News
News
TV
Video