By JOE HUTCHISON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:03, 20 November 2024   |  Updated:  22:30, 20 November 2024   
View  comments
The elusive creator of Girls Gone Wild has sat down for his first in-person interview in over a decade in a new docuseries. 
Joe Francis, 51, has appeared in a new documentary, titled 'Girls Gone World: The Untold Story' which has looked into his controversial entertainment franchise. 
After a litany of legal issues, Francis now lives in exile in Mexico after a warrant was issued for his arrest in 2015.
The series, slated to start streaming in early December, offers a behind-the-scenes look at the company in which young women were filmed exposing themselves. 
It is set to include interviews with former employees, enemies and those involved and those filmed for the show, none of whom are named in a new trailer. 
One woman can be heard saying: 'I never thought that that would come back and haunt me for 20 years', while another said: 'I was too young to be taped.' 
Francis can also be seen in the clip in a previous interview saying: 'If I took no for an answer, I wouldn't be where I was'.
One man also tells filmmakers in the trailer: 'It blew my mind what Joe Francis was able to convince these young girls to do.'
Joe Francis, seen here, has appeared in a new documentary, titled 'Girls Gone World: The Untold Story' which has looked into his controversial entertainment franchise
The series offers a behind-the-scenes look at the company in which young women were filmed exposing themselves
Francis built his Cara Aramara resort in the beach town of Punta de Mita and has been living their with his wife Abbey and his two children. 
His outstanding warrant is linked to a bankruptcy case, after he failed to hand over two luxury cars to lawyers who his company out of bankruptcy.
According to the Wall Street Journal, Francis is unable to return them after a strip-club owner in Mexico took them after several Girls Gone Wild promotions fell through. 
Extradition is unlikely in his case as the warrant issued for his arrest is for civil contempt, which is not an offense in Mexico 
His brand was sold to new owners in 2014 in a move that was an attempt to block Las Vegas kingpin Steve Wynn and his company from taking the companies' assets.
Wynn had been trying to claim the assets as a form of repayment for Francis's gambling bill and other debts which had climbed to over $30 million. 
Over the years, he has had several brushes with the law which has saw him serve time for false imprisonment, assault, and dissuading a witness. 
In 2013 he was sentenced to 270 days behind bars after being found guilty after an incident inside his Bel Air mansion in 2011. 
Prosecutors said at the time that Francis took three women home following a night out and refused to let them leave. He was also charged with attacking one of them.
Francis can also be seen in the clip in a previous interview, seen here, saying: 'If I took no for an answer, I wouldn't be where I was'
One woman, seen here, can be heard saying: 'I never thought that that would come back and haunt me for 20 years' in the trailer
Following his conviction, he told The Hollywood Reporter: 'I want that jury to know that each and every one of you are mentally f****** retarded. 
'You should be euthanized because, as Darwin said, you have naturally selected yourself.'
He later apologized for his tirade, describing his comments as 'hurtful' and that they did not reflect his true feelings.
In 2015 he also pleaded no contest to child abuse and prostitution charges stemming from a Girls Gone Wild taping in Panama City, Florida, in 2003.
According to Fox the judge in that case credited him for a year of time that he had served in Reno, Nevada and he did not receive any more jail time.  
In a synopsis by the creators, they say: 'Before the spread of social media and easy access to online porn, Joe Francis' multi-million dollar "Girls Gone Wild" franchise, a series of tapes sold on late night television that featured young spring breakers baring their breasts for T-shirts and hats, had a shocking grip on popular culture. 
In 2013 he was sentenced to 270 days behind bars after being found guilty after an incident inside his Bel Air mansion in 2011. Francis is seen here in 2002
Francis is seen here alongside Kourtney, Khloe and Kim Kardashian at the launch party for Girls Gone Wild Magazine in 2008
He previously invited DailyMail.com to the island and said he was now living a quiet life with his wife Abbey and daughters Athena and Alexandria, the family are seen here
'Including Francis’ first in-depth, in-person, on-the-record interview with a journalist in almost a decade, as well as exclusive access to his former employees, enemies, and survivors, Girls Gone Wild: The Untold Story offers an astonishing and wide-ranging account of a man whose impact on American culture cannot be overstated, whose alleged sins are numerous, and who now lives in exile on a sprawling estate in Mexico amidst the rubble of his once mighty empire.'
Francis has enjoyed a close relationship with the Kardashian clan who have frequently stayed at his resort in Mexico. 
He previously claimed that he and Kourtney had 'hooked up' while the family were holidaying at his Mexico mansion in 2004. 
Other guests who have stayed at his luxurious 40,000-square-foot property include like Jennifer Aniston, Eva Longoria, Demi Moore, Lady Gaga, and Charlie Sheen.
According to its website, guests have access to private spa treatments, five-star chefs, 24-hour butler service and personal training. 
He previously invited DailyMail.com to the island and said he was now living a quiet life with his wife and daughters Athena and Alexandria. 

	    Share what you think
          
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts,
      or debate this issue live on our message boards.
      

By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group