The battle for Olympus is ready to begin in Fortnite, with Epic revealing details on the map, mythic weapons, the Myths and Mortals Battle Pass, and more. Particularly exciting for Fortnite fans is that Chapter 5 Season 2 introduces flying mechanics via the Wings of Icarus, offering new and interesting ways to traverse the map in service of hunting your foes.
The Fortnite community was abuzz on Thursday when Epic released the cinematic trailer for Fortnite Chapter 2 Season 5, which is themed around Greek mythology. Myths and Mortals should be live by the time this article is published. [Update: An unexpected server issue has extended downtime by about eight hours].
CINEMATIC TEASER - C5S2: 'MYTHS & MORTALS' 🔥pic.twitter.com/90ZNDRJ64Z
The official blog offered some of the following details on what Fortnite fans can expect from Myths and Mortals. 
In addition to info on the weapons and locations that can be explored during Fortnite Season 2 Chapter 5, Epic outlined what to expect from the Myths and Mortals Battle Pass. According to Epic, purchasing the Battle Pass auto-unlocks Cerberus, with Medusa and Hades being unlocked via progression. Avatar Korra will be available later in the season. Here's a list of some of the outfits you'll be able to unlock over the course of the season.
Along with info on the Battle Pass, Epic released a teaser image featuring several the unlockable characters, and yep, that Rippley as Poseidon. The inclusion of what fans are calling a "meme skin" has already sparked debate among players on whether such characters are "ruining Fortnite," though more than a few pointed out that Fortnite is pretty ridiculous to begin with.
"You're playing a game where Darth Vader can crank 90s on a Demogorgon, griddy on them, do the renegade, and then get headshot snipped by Peter Griffin. No way this surprises you. I personally love the meme skins," one fan argued in response to the complaints.
The Battle Pass will be available until May 24 at 2am ET / 11am PT. You can find more info on the Fortnite blog. 
Fortnite has had a busy start to 2024, featuring collaborations with Lady Gaga among others. This is amid (currently stalled) plans to bring Fortnite back to iOS in Europe and Disney buying a billion-dollar stake in Epic to create a persistent universe within Fortnite. Keep an eye on our various Fortnite guides as Season 5 Chapter 2 gets properly underway.
Kat Bailey is IGN's News Director as well as co-host of Nintendo Voice Chat. Have a tip? Send her a DM at @the_katbot.