November 25, 2024
BBC Studios together with Ludo Studio have announced two new Bluey Book Reads to get fans in the mood for Christmas. The series was created by Ludo Studio and the BBC Studios Digital Brands team, who currate, commission and commercialise the digital footprint of the celebrated IP.
Christmas Eve with Verandah Santa is available now on the official Bluey YouTube channel and bluey.tv,  read by Australian stand-up comedian and TV presenter Adam Hills (The Last Leg, Channel 4). It’s Christmas Eve and Bluey, Bingo and Muffin can’t wait to open their presents. But Bluey’s dad reminds them that no peeking or no presents! So, they decide to play a game called Verandah Santa to practice no peeking. What will Santa bring them?
Hills commented: “My kids are honestly more impressed that I’m reading a Bluey book than anything I’ve ever done. That includes going to the Coronation, meeting Lady Gaga, or the time I made pumpkin soup in an actual pumpkin.”
On December 1st Christmas Swim narrated by the Australian Olympic medal-winning swimmer Ian Thorpe will go live, and launch the official Bluey digital advent calendar. It’s Christmas Day and it’s the perfect weather for a family swim. Bluey has a new toy – meet Bartlebee! How will Bartlebee handle his first Heeler Christmas?
Thorpe said: “When I was invited to read Christmas Swim, I couldn’t resist diving right in (so to speak). Celebrating Christmas outdoors is such an iconic part of Aussie life, being a passionate swimmer, this story felt like a perfect fit. I hope all the Bluey fans around the world enjoy listening to it as much as I enjoyed bringing it to life.”
Season 1 of Bluey Book Reads has surpassed 75 million views across the official Bluey YouTube channel and bluey.tv. The season features celebrities Kylie Minogue, Dannii Minogue, Eva Mendes, Tom Daley, Rob Delaney, Romesh Ranganathan and more. The stories featured in Bluey Book Reads series are published by Penguin Random House are based on episodes as-seen on the hit TV animation, Bluey, which is produced by Ludo Studio and airs in the UK on Disney+ and CBeebies.
Chris Allen, Director of Content for BBC Studios Digital Brands added: “We’ve been bowled over by the brilliant response from Bluey fans to the first series of our book reads, so we just had to celebrate Christmas family fun with two more – and who better to voice them than Aussie icons Adam Hills and Ian Thorpe.”
Bluey Book Reads Season 2 is anticipated to debut across the Bluey digital channels in 2025.
Other posts by :
 Categories: Articles, Content
Tags: bluey, Christmas, youtube
Creative Media CentreHastingsEast SussexTN34 1HLTel: +44 7900 196870
Copyright © 2001-2025. Advanced Television Ltd.