Batman has flown beyond the pages of his comic book beginnings to become one of film's most recognizable heroes. The DC character has starred in over a dozen feature-lengthed movies over the past 60 years, his cape and cowl having changed hands from one A-list actor-director team to the next. The Caped Crusader currently resides with director Matt Reeves and actor Robert Pattinson, who are preparing a sequel to their excellent 2022 crime thriller, The Batman.
For those looking to watch or rewatch the films as we await The Batman Part II, we've created this guide for where you can watch all the Batman movies online right now.
All of the 13 Batman movies included on this list (every theatrical release in which Batman serves as a main character) are available to stream on Max. Several movies can also be streamed on Prime Video, and  all of the Batman movies are available to rent or buy from various digital storefronts.
Check out your streaming options for each Batman movie online in 2025 below: 
If you'd prefer to have physical copies of your favorite Batman movies, we've gathered some of the best ones below. 
Watching the Batman movies in order is straightforward, though it can seem daunting given the number of directors, actors, and disributors the movies have moved through over the past 60 years. If you want to be sure you're viewing the movies in the best order for you, check out our Batman movies in order explainer (or click through the gallery below). You can also dive into our list of the best Batman comics if you'd prefer to start there. 
The Batman – Part II (2026)
The next Batman movie is The Batman – Part II, a sequel to 2022’s The Batman. The movie will once again star Robert Pattinson and be directed by Matt Reeves. There’s no word on plot details yet, though we know the film is slated to hit theaters on October 2, 2026.
The Brave and the Bold (TBD)
The Brave and the Bold will begin a separate line of live-action Batman movies. Directed by Andy Muschietti (The Flash) as part of James Gunn's new DCU, The Brave and the Bold will introduce a new Batman and draw heavily from Grant Morrison's Batman comic book run. The story follows Damian Wayne, the 10-year-old son of Batman raised in secret to be an assassin.
For more on the Caped Crusader, check out IGN's Batman movie reviews:
Jordan covers games, shows, and movies as a freelance writer for IGN.