The artist hypes up numerous high-profile Team USA athletes including Simone Biles and swimmer Katie Ledecky
Beyoncé has appeared in a promotional video introducing some of the athletes competing for the USA at the Paris Olympics – check it out below.
Dressed in a USA-branded white bodysuit, blue cowboy hat and white cowboy boots – in reference to her current country era with her new album ‘Cowboy Carter’ – Beyoncé hyped up several high-profile members of the USA’s Olympic team. These were gymnast Simone Biles, sprinters Sha’Carri Richardson and Noah Lyles and swimmers Caeleb Dressel and Katie Ledecky. The video was soundtracked by her recent single ‘YA YA’.
“Get a look at America, y’all,” Beyoncé said in the video. “These hopes and dreams, these superstars that represent us. The people of this big, bold, beautiful, complicated nation. All rooting together for them. Come on, you’ve gotta love Noah and Sha’Carri. The fastest man and woman on the planet. They’ll race the world anytime, any place.
“How about Caeleb? Proud papa, back in the drink for more gold. And Katie? The longer the race, the better she swims. And I know you know my girl Simone. Born to fly, destined to inspire. We’ve got superstars and we’ve got legends. We’ve got big dreamers who fought their whole lives to get here. Who gave up everything for one shot, and made it.”
She added: “That pride and that joy? That’s what gets me about this team. And that’s what makes me believe in this team. And that’s why I can’t wait to see what they pull off over these next 16 days. America, give it up for Team U.S.A., the very best of who we are. What a vision to behold. What a team to believe in. What a night to celebrate.”
Check out the video below:
A post shared by COMPLEX (@complex)
The 2024 Olympics kicked off yesterday (July 26) with an opening ceremony featuring Lady Gaga performing French cabaret song ‘Mon truc en plumes’ and Gojira performing French Revolution song ‘Ah Ça Ira!’ with opera singer Marina Viotti.
Celine Dion also performed for the first time in four years, taking on Edith Piaf’s ‘L’Hymne A L’Amour’ in her first show since she revealed in 2022 that she had been diagnosed with stiff person syndrome (SPS).
It was widely speculated by the French media and that Dion and Lady Gaga would perform a duet of ‘La Vie En Rose’.
Today (July 27) marked the first day of competitive events, which are set to continue till August 11.
In other Beyoncé news, her song ‘Freedom’ was used in Kamala Harris’s first presidential election video. 
While appearing at her first campaign staff meeting in Wilmington, Delaware, Harris walked out to ‘Freedom’ as well.
While Beyoncé has yet to publicly comment on Harris running for President, her mother Tina Knowles has voiced her support for the current Vice President on social media: “New, youthful, sharp energy…Go Vice President Kamala Harris for President. Let’s Go #kamala2024.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.