You should see me in a Victory Royale crown.

Popstar Billie Eilish will be the next music icon joining Fortnite.


The Barbie and Bad Guy singer confirmed her entry into the Fortnite metaverse today on social media, with a first look at her in-game character design. Eilish will headline the next season of Fortnite Festival, the game's Rock Band-inspired rhythm mode, and become available to buy as a character skin. 

Fortnite Festival Main Stage: 4.23.24 pic.twitter.com/dxaQBsqD4A

Eilish's announcement is notable for another reason, however, as it also adds a dollop of authenticity to a purported image posted online last week, which appeared to show Fortnite's full plans for the rest of 2024. The roadmap image correctly included the then-unannounced Eilish, and while this could still have been a lucky guess, today's reveal certainly gives weight to other parts of the image also being correct. 


The alleged Fortnite leak was notable for suggesting this year's Fortnite OG flashback season would feature the game's Chapter 2 map (including its fan-favourite spy season and the season where the map flooded), plus crossovers with Metallica and Pirates of the Caribbean. The image also references other previously-announced and previously-leaked elements - such as the forthcoming battle royale season beind post-apocalyptic themed, and Fortnite hosting a Lego Star Wars event in May. 

⚠️ (Not Confirmed Yet) ⚠️Recently an image started to float around on 4chan of potential content releasing in each of the core Fortnite modes throughout 2024, while I can't confirm it to be legit yet, it is interesting to see some well made renders here, and we would be able to… pic.twitter.com/TgXbAoWpTW

Today's announcement does not conclusively rule out the leak, or rule it in, but it's clearly either the work of Epic Games itself, or a very switched-on faker - perhaps the one behind that long-rumoured but ultimately false Doctor Who collaboration).

What we know for certain, however, is that Billie Eilish will pop up in Fortnite tomorrow, 23rd April. Eilish will pick up the Fortnite Festival baton from Lady Gaga, following the mode's debut with The Weeknd late last year.

Fortnite


Android, 
            iOS, 
            PS4, 
            PS5, 
            Xbox One, 
            Xbox Series X/S, 
            PC, 
            Mac, 
            Nintendo Switch


        Eurogamer is better when you sign in
      

        Join our community of gamers and get access to personalised reading recommendations and much more!
      


Fortnite Chapter 6 Medallions explained                    



Fortnite Daigo and the Baron location                    



Supporters |


Five of the Best: Swamps                    



That's that Sabrina Carpenter joining Fortnite                    



Fortnite movie reports are "false", says Epic boss                    



Fortnite and other games have compatibility issues with Switch 2                    



How to get Scorpion's Kombat Kit in Fortnite                    



Scorpion location in Fortnite                    

© 2025 Eurogamer.net  a brand of IGN Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved. 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission. Eurogamer is a registered trademark of Gamer Network Limited.