Let us know your top music drop of the week by voting in our poll.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Spooky season is wrapping up with Halloweekend, and to celebrate, music fans have a lot of new music to enjoy.

	First up, Halsey dropped her fifth studio album, The Great Impersonator, which features previously released singles “The End,” “Lucky,” “Lonely Is the Muse” and “Ego.” “What if I debuted in the early 2000s? The ’90s? The ’80s? The ’70s?” the three-time Grammy nominee asked in an album-announcement video Aug. 27. “Am I still Halsey every time? In every timeline, do I still get sick? Do I become a mom?”

	Lady Gaga also dropped a long-awaited new single, “Disease.”  “I could play the doctor/ I can cure your disease/ If you were a sinner/ I could make you believe,” she croons in the chorus of the lead single for her eighth solo studio album.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Halsey		
					






















	
		
					Lady Gaga		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Over in the country world, Kelsea Ballerini unveiled her new album, Patterns. Ballerini noted in an Instagram Reel, “What’s a pattern? It’s like a reoccurring sequence of the first thing you reach for, ’cause it’s closest. It’s the first thought you think or the first feeling you feel, or first response you say, the first choice you make. It’s like your second nature, ’cause it’s what you’ve done over and over and over again, and maybe its familial, or generational, it’s been handed down — it’s in our blood, or maybe it’s learned and developed from adapting to life … and maybe some of our patterns are just our own damn fault. I think we have the ability to look at our patterns and find the ones that serve us and then we look at the ones that we don’t want to carry with us and we don’t want to hand down to future us, and you change them. I think that we make patterns so they don’t make us.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	More drops include Addison Rae’s “Aquamarine,” Summer Walker’s “Heart of a Woman,” Jin’s “I’ll Be There,” Linkin Park’s “Over Each Other” and more.

	With all the great music out this week, we want to know your favorite drop. Check out our Friday Music Guide here, and let us know by voting here or below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.