Manage your account
A fan stormed the field at Super Bowl LVIII as the Kansas City Chiefs faced off against the San Francisco 49ers
PATRICK T. FALLON/AFP via Getty
The Chiefs and the 49ers weren't the only ones getting tackled at the 2024 Super Bowl.
During the 2024 Super Bowl at Las Vegas' Allegiant Stadium on Sunday, a shirtless fan ran onto the field and was promptly taken down by security.
Although footage of the incident did not air on CBS' live broadcast, fans who attended the game captured photos and videos of the moment, which surfaced on social media. According to fan-recorded clips, a man — who was without a shirt but wearing pants — ran across the Allegiant Stadium turf towards the 30 yard line and then toward the 10 yard line.
Once the man reached about the 10 yard line, per the fan-captured footage, he appeared to slide to the ground where he was held down and commandeered by about six security officers. The security team then quickly ushered him off the field.
Related: A History of Super Bowl National Anthem Singers
It is currently unclear what the partial streaker's intentions were.
Although the man ran on the field in the middle of the third quarter, players and referees only briefly paused as he was taken away by security.
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up to date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from juicy celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
Viewers tuning into the game reacted on social media, making humorous references to Jason Kelce's viral shirtless moment at the Kansas City Chiefs-Buffalo Bills playoff game and comparisons to Usher's halftime show, which included the crooner stripping down during his set. 
Related: Who Was MVP of the Last 10 Super Bowls?
Although networks seldom give attention to streakers who interrupt Super Bowl games, Sunday's incident was hardly the first instance.
When the Chiefs faced off against the Tampa Bay Bucaneers during the 2021 Super Bowl, a man wearing a hot pink one-piece bathing suit and black shorts ran down the field while players, including Buccaneers quarterback Tom Brady, watched in confusion.
"We've got a fan on the field," said commentator Jim Nantz as the situation unfolded. "One of the great runs of the night, I will say that. They should sign them!"
Related: Super Bowl 2024 Recap: The Kansas City Chiefs' Big Win, Taylor Swift's Celebrations and All the Highlights
Sunday's Super Bowl LVIII has featured many highlights, including a career-spanning, 13-minute-long Halftime Show performance from Usher, 45, a mid-game comeback from the Chiefs and many star-studded attendees in the stands, from Taylor Swift supporting her boyfriend Travis Kelce to Lady Gaga to JAY-Z.
The Kansas City Chiefs and the San Francisco 49ers are facing off in Super Bowl LVIII, airing now on CBS.
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.