Adrienne Hunter
Could the song of the summer be…Vice President Kamala Harris’s coconut tree meme?
On Monday, X quickly flooded with videos of Harris’s face imposed onto the album covers of today’s most iconic pop stars. Along with the image, the coconut tree meme is edited into remixes of various pop hits. 
This trend is among the newest iterations of the coconut tree meme, which emerged out of a viral clip from a speech made by Harris in 2023, where she was quoting her mother. 
The resurgence of this meme began following the lackluster performance of Joe Biden in the presidential debate. Shortly after, significant chatter formed around Harris as a frontrunner to replace Biden as the Democratic presidential nominee.  
Weeks later, the meme has not died. It has now evolved with a queer twist as social media users splice her meme into pop hits particularly popular within the online queer community. 
Before this specific trend, the coconut tree meme has been put in similar contexts. Notably, a viral video from June 3rd edited Harris’s most viral moments to Charli XCX’s “Von Dutch.” This specific tweet followed the release of Charli XCX’s new album Brat and subsequent Brat Summer memes. The viral video also included many of Harris’s other viral moments, such as a clip where she professes her love for Venn diagrams.  
However, as of July 15, X exploded with various memes specifically imposing the coconut tree meme to the works of various musical icons such as Beyonce, Ariana Grande, Ciara Charli XCX, SZA, Taylor Swift, and Lady Gaga.
As the trend continues to grow, social media users are even responding by rewriting the lyrics of these pop hits with a coconut tree twist.
heated ft. kamala harris pic.twitter.com/thaUOumKaq
Kamala Harris, @VP , covers Ariana Grande’s ‘nasty’ pic.twitter.com/2ElH3YkUF7
Body Party ft. Kamala Harris pic.twitter.com/NwZWClctBS
Emotions ft. Kamala Harris pic.twitter.com/8CY3K1XINY
drunk in ijbol pic.twitter.com/BdSYp5bA2w
this trend is wild pic.twitter.com/0Y1CGmDU0F
this trend is a disease pic.twitter.com/aBWzW9XjMP
The internet is chaotic—but we’ll break it down for you in one daily email. Sign up for the Daily Dot’s web_crawlr newsletter here to get the best (and worst) of the internet straight into your inbox.
GTA 6 just delayed AGAIN: 20 brutal memes
‘Donny Two Dolls’: Trump’s out-of-touch comment on the economy is getting meme’d—20 of the best
20 ‘how it feels knowing’ Dexter memes for people with psychic hunches and no receipts
100 women vs. accountability? 100 men vs. apologizing? The meme war between the genders is officially on
Share this article
TAGS 
Adrienne Hunter is a writer and researcher based in Austin, Texas. She’s written for the Daily Dot, the Austin Chronicle, the Smithsonian, and more.