It's a shopping institution here in Greater Manchester - but the Trafford Centre is finding itself an even wider audience on social media thanks to its weird and wonderful interior decor. While its flamboyant design quirks are taken for granted by most regular shoppers, on social media it is being seen through an entirely new lens.
The 'vibey as hell' interiors causing a buzz include the fact the mall boasts a New Orleans-themed Wetherspoons, a Pizza Hut in an Egyptian tomb and that the main food hall, The Orient, is themed like a giant cruise ship under the stars.
Videos examining the zany quirks of the vast shopping mall have been viewed hundreds of thousands of times on TikTok and have been attracting comments from across the world.
READ MORE: The jungle paradise in a suburban garden in Salford
TikTok content creator Alex Fisher, 28, from Bolton, has seen her video highlighting the 'wacky' Trafford Centre interiors viewed half a million times on the platform, and had hundreds of comments.
The video, posted on her TikTok account al.fisher, starts by saying: "The interior design in the Trafford Centre needs to be studied."
It then moves to The Orient where Alex remarks: "First of all the food court is a cruise ship, don't ask why," before adding "eating a Maccies under the stars."
She then moves to the New Orleans gates entrance through to the food court and says: "'Spoons is located in New Orleans," pointing out the balcony-clad building and masquerade theme she adds: "It's vibey as hell I can't lie".
Then it's on to some of the Trafford Centre's famous statues. Pointing out one in a red marble dress she says: "Statues inspired by Lady Gaga's famous meat dress."
She goes on to show the New York-themed area of the food halls, before ending with the Egyptian tomb style of the Pizza Hut saying: "finishing with my favourite area by far."
Followers commenting on the video included those with their own theories behind the wild design scheme. One hailed it "very 90s core" while Molly Whalen said: "It's based off the Titanic but I honestly have no understanding of the Egyptian Pizza Hut."
JBakesbyEm said: "It's so pretty but so random." Katie added: "What the hell is the Trafford centre."
Hannah said: "Creasing that spoons is in New Orleans that's so posh."
Dave Smith recalled his shock at his first visit saying: "First went there last year. Not what I was expecting at all. It's like Britain doing Vegas doing Rome - with an ocean liner in the middle. Brilliantly mad!"
Clo added: "I remember I first went when I was a kid and I was baffled and amazed at the titanic food court." Meg added: "I'd want my home to look like this if I was rich."
Many expressed surprise that they'd never even noticed there WAS a Wetherspoons branch inside the Trafford Centre. Perhaps due to its location in New Orleans, or the fact it's called the Mardi Gras.
Tik Tok creator Alex said she has been stunned by the reaction to her Trafford Centre videos but delighted with all the positive comments and memories shared.
She said: "I've been going to the Trafford Centre since I was a child and I've always been obsessed with how it's designed - it's so camp!
"But it was only recently, when my sister said that she had a sudden desire to visit the Egyptian-themed Pizza Hut, that I took in how random the design truly is.
"I never gave it a second thought that you eat your tea in a cruise ship when you go to the Trafford Centre. It's so zany, I love it!"
"This inspired me to take another trip, where I saw loads of things I'd not seen before - namely the Spoons in "New Orleans", which has a masquerade theme (for some reason).
"Love it. I took some photos and put them on TikTok and was surprised with how much interest it got.
"People in the comments were either the same as myself - live in Manchester and have visited the Trafford Centre, but had never taken in how wacky the design is.
"Or those who had never been to Trafford Centre before and said it was not how they've been picturing it. Lots of people are comparing it to Las Vegas!"
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.