Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 I've been in The Pub At Bearwood for around three seconds when I'm greeted with a "hello, bab!" by a man at the bar I don't know from Adam. I've come for a lunchtime pint, keen to see what this place is like after I shared the news this week that 'The Pub At', a family-run string of local boozers, was opening a new one in Moseley. 
 The reason for my visit is simple. When I wrote that story and it got shared on social media, I noticed a couple of comments that intrigued me. Peter wrote: "Same as the one in Bearwood, rough is an understatement." James said that the Kings Heath branch was 'the worst pub I've ever been in'. 
I love a rough boozer. In fact, I think that pubs get at least 30% rougher as soon as I walk into them. In this place, I feel instantly comfortable and, honestly, it doesn't feel rough to me.
 Read more:  New Moseley pub will be 'cheaper than Wetherspoons' as boss says 'we're nothing fancy'  
 Sign up for the Brum Food Club free weekly newsletter for updates on what's happening in the city's food and drink scene. 
The pub is one big room and, while it isn't busy, almost every drinker has pitched up at the little bar. I can't get to it when I order one of their own Pub At lagers, leaning over punters to pay a ridiculously cheap £2.90 for the pint. I pay on card but the old mon next to me has all of his coins and coppers, a fistful of shrapnel, spread out on the bar ready to go.
I retire to a table and survey the room. Twinkling strings of fairy lights make twitching shadows of the woodchip ceiling. Or is it Artex? I can't tell without my specs on.
There are two gambling machines in the space, one of which is switched off, and an entertainment station, seemingly where they host a disco or a bit of karaoke, one of those black boxes covered in a black sheet spangled with a few diamantes. They might be pearls, again, I don't have my glasses. Snazzy, either way.
Three tellies line the walls, not huge but big enough for me to see that one of them is screening Thunderbirds. A puppet in a wheelchair rolls on to a stage and on another telly, Lady Gaga sings Poker Face. The music is pop cheese and that makes this whole place better than 'Spoons in my book.
The lager is OK. There's not much to it, no kick, no bitterness, but it's refreshing and great value considering I got change from three quid. I'd been welcomed in but no one bothered me as I sipped quietly, looking around, eavesdropping (my favourite thing to do).
There's a gorgeous, velvety big dog in clothes on the floor, silvery grey like a TikTok influencer's sofa, and he's taking up a large percentage of the floor space by himself. I love him. He and I have reduced the average age in the place down significantly by being here but I feel very comfortable.
'Rough, schmough', I think. These are working class blokes with flat caps and walking sticks drinking Newcastle Brown Ale and shooting the breeze. Rough, I'm thinking, is an insult levelled by classist bores. I'm more likely to get into a bost up in the coffee shop up the road where people are jostling to take up tables to sip £5 coffees.
A man walks in that I recognise from on the doors of Birmingham nightclubs I used to frequent as a babby. Dramatically, the big dog cries a loud whimper and doesn't stop until the man says "alright?" to him. He is, so he goes back to sleep.
Aside from the fairy lights, decor consists of jumbled bunches of floral lampshades and a neon sign for Stella Artois. This is just what Moseley needs, I reckon. Cheap pints, no frills, friendly service and nice old boys that pass the time of day with you so you don't feel so alone.
The postman has come in to deliver letters and has a brief chat with the bar staff before turning for the door. "Ey," the man who had greeted me yells out to him, calling the postie by name. "Come here."
Is it all about to kick off, I wonder? Is the postman going to get both barrels for some missed delivery?
The postman strides over and leans in. I'm tense.
"How far would you have got if I hadn't called you back?!" the man asks, a perfectly delivered rib. The postman rolls his eyes and I stifle my guffaw so as not to let anyone know that I'm a nosy little parker.
"Did you like that one?" the man roars, before shaking the posties hand and letting him go. It's lovely, kind, timeless pub banter.
No frills, cheap beer, no messing. Moseley, you're lucky to be getting a place like this on your doorstep!