The first trailer for Joker: Folie à Deux has sparked several wild fan theories about the relationship between Joaquin Phoenix's Arthur Fleck and Lady Gaga's Harley Quinn.
The trailer for the upcoming sequel debuted during Warner Bros.' CinemaCon presentation, and it has already taken the internet by storm. The footage shows the Clown Prince of Crime finding his princess in fellow Arkham Asylum patient Harley Quinn, as a carousel of clips captures their courtship.
One of the more striking elements of the trailer is how it appears to switch from what could be described as the pair's romantic delusions to a much grimmer existence, blurring the lines between fantasy and reality, in turn sending some fans spiraling over the potential plot twists and character arcs that might play out.
The trailer confirmed a significant change in Harley's story, with her now being a patient at Arkham Asylum rather than a psychiatrist like in the comics. Some fans think the story will flip the script further by positioning Harley as the antagonist who influences Arthur to embrace his clown persona rather than him corrupting her.
Speculation arose on both X/Twitter and Reddit, where one person quizzed: "Anyone else get the feeling that The Joker/Harley relationship is going to be an inverse of their comic portrayal? I'm thinking Arthur is trying not to relapse back into his Joker persona but Harley is the one influencing him more to embrace it."
I have a feeling that Harley Quinn is the antagonist of Joker 2
For years I've been sure that Harley is going to be the antagonist of joker 2, this trailer's only solidified this theory
My new theory for #JokerFolieADeux is Joker will thanks the ‘protagonist’ we feel for, big emphasis on the quote mark things, and Harley will be the ‘antagonist’ figure manipulating him. But in the 3rd act joker will do something that brings him back to the villain we know he is.
Really loved the Joker 2 trailer, heard a few people say some interesting theories as well that Harley might be the abuser and manipulating Arthur, cant wait to see how this plays out, especially seeing Gleeson beat the shit ouf of Arthur on the daily 🤣
I really, REALLY like this idea they're going with of Harley worshipping the idea of Joker and trying to mold him to fit her visionConceptually, it's a great reversal of their dynamic in the same way the first movie was a subversion of the character itself. Hope it pays off https://t.co/wkYrZ26HMf
Another popular theory is that Harley only exists in Joker's imagination, rather than being a real-life figure in the movie. Some people waved red flags when they heard her telling him (and the audience), "I'm nobody," while others examined the visual clues that might suggest he has once again made it all up inside his mind.
Why does it feel like Harley is just Arthur’s fragment of imagination. #JokerFolieADeux pic.twitter.com/m2bAt2WF5U
Finally Arthur found a woman who is not a product of his imagination (or did he?) #JokerFolieADeux pic.twitter.com/rAZ2dR9HB7
Harley to JOKER — “I’m nobody, I haven’t done anything with my life like you have” 🚩🚩🚩🚩☢️☢️‼️☠️ #JokerFolieADeux pic.twitter.com/zu8e7xNIt6
I hope this part isn’t alluding to the fact that Harley’s just a figment of Arthur’s imagination like Zazie was in the first movie but we’ll see im so excited pic.twitter.com/nHtYY7wfWk
I think this particular scene feels like the ending of the movie. Arthur seems to be laughing hysterically here, realizing that his entire reality, including Harley Quinn, is just a construct of his imagination all along. pic.twitter.com/PJc3M4D3Pi
"Folie à Deux" is defined as a delusion or mental illness shared by two people in close association, and after watching the trailer fans are convinced this implies that Joker and Harley are sharing the same psychological challenges, with the movie's musical moments being a manifestation of that as opposed to reality.
One person on X/Twitter described the symphonious scenes as the "special place" Joker and Harley go to "escape the real world," and another pointed out the similarities between a choreographed number and a "real-life" scene of the twirling twosome. Others wondered if the delusions derive from one-half of the pair.
#JokerFolieADeux looks just as dynamic as the first film. The musical sequences are so clearly the delusions that Harley and Joker share. The special place they go to escape the real world. I'm so excited for October. #Joker2 #JokerMovie pic.twitter.com/Swc4sjYCTy
and what if in this iteration harley quinn is joker’s delusion of his doctor harleen quinzel who helps him “escape” via musical inspiration when he hears her sing in arkham asylumand this clip is the realization that she was never REAL https://t.co/MsPnYffO58
The way we 100% called it that the musical moments take place inside Joker and Harley’s minds as they play out in real life crazy moments #JokerFolieADeux pic.twitter.com/z8LayG0TXM
I really liked this trailer and I have a fan theory for the film.I believe this entire movie is from Harley’s perspective and I think it’s all in her mind. That’s why this movie is a musical because Harley is a fan of music and she’s is imagining her life with the Joker. https://t.co/LqeH11ZR4e
The next Joker movie actually looks really good. Their insanity being musical and dance numbers? Genius
Is Joker “Follie á Deux” a musical because it’s set in his mind while he’s in Arkham? Because if so, now I’m interested…
The musical element has been a big point of curiosity leading up to Joker: Folie à Deux, but director Todd Phillips confirmed at CinemaCon that the upcoming movie is not a full-on musical, contrary to past reports. He instead described the music as an "essential element," noting that Arthur Fleck has always had "music in him."
Fans will have to wait a little longer to find out what it all means, as Joker: Folie à Deux debuts in theaters on October 4, 2024.
Adele Ankers-Range is a freelance entertainment writer for IGN. You can follow her on X/Twitter @AdeleAnkers.