By LAURA FOX FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:11, 28 March 2024   |  Updated:  18:05, 28 March 2024   
 17
View  comments
Lady Gaga celebrated her 38th birthday in style on Wednesday night, as she headed to a five-hour midnight celebration at Giorgio Baldi.
Making a rare appearance with her boyfriend Michael Polansky, the hitmaker slipped into an edgy leather trench coat as she arrived at the swanky eatery.
Gaga cut a glamorous figure in the Knightley Leather Trench Coat, narrow-framed sunglasses and a chunky silver necklace.
But adding one of her quirky twists, the star stepped out in a pair of huge platform boots with an eight-inch heel.
Gaga is set to star as Dr. Harleen Quinzel aka Harley Quinn opposite Joaquin Phoenix's Joker in the upcoming sequel Joker: Folie à Deux, which will be released on October 4.
Lady Gaga showed off her edgy sense of style in a leather trench coat as she celebrated her 38th birthday with her boyfriend Michael Polansky at Giorgio Baldi on Wednesday
The singer made a rare appearance with her boyfriend Michael Polansky as she headed to her birthday celebration
Polansky is an executive at Parker Group and is nine years Lady Gaga's senior
According to onlookers, the group spent five hours in the eatery celebrating Gaga's birthday before heading home. 
Gaga previously stunned fans when she shared her unseen, fresh-faced yearbook snaps in 2019.
With bare skin and voluminous brunette tresses, the award-winning actress, who was born Stefani Joanne Germanotta, looks a far cry from the preened, platinum beauty we have come to know.
Gaga appears shy as a teenager in the set of fascinating yearbook photos from her time at Convent of The Sacred Heart.
The seventh grade shots, which are almost 20 years old, show the then-singing-protegee happy as smiling whilst with friends.
In one particular black-and-white image, a young Lady Gaga can be seen with a hat on her head, and her hands on her hips, taking part in an on-stage production, honing her acting skills aged 13.
Another shot shows the chart-topping star gathered with her classmates clad in a school uniform, complete with pleated skirt, white shirt and buttoned up cardigan. 
She and her boyfriend Michael were first linked in January 2020 when they shared a kiss in Las Vegas to celebrate the New Year.
Gaga teamed her look with a pair of dangerously high platform heels as she exited the eatery with her boyfriend and a group of pals
Gaga cut a glamorous figure in the fitted black leather coat, narrow-framed sunglasses and a chunky silver necklace
Adding one of her quirky twists, the star stepped out in a pair of huge platform boots with an eight-inch heel
Gaga previously stunned fans when she shared her unseen, fresh-faced yearbook snaps
The seventh grade shots, which are almost 20 years old, show the then-singing-protegee happy as smiling whilst with friends 
According to onlookers, the group spent five hours in the eatery celebrating Gaga's birthday before heading home
Gaga is set to star as Dr. Harleen Quinzel aka Harley Quinn opposite Joaquin Phoenix's Joker in the upcoming sequel Joker: Folie à Deux, which will be released on October 4
She and Michael were first linked in January 2020 when they shared a kiss in Las Vegas to celebrate the New Year
They two had a brief split in early 2023, but seemed to have patched things up by the summer
According to OK Magazine , last year their relationship 'hit a wall' and was thought to have run its course
The two had a brief split in early 2023, but seemed to have patched things up by the summer.
Polansky is an executive at Parker Group and is nine years Lady Gaga's senior.
According to OK Magazine, last year their relationship 'hit a wall' and was thought to have run its course.
They reportedly decided to go their separate ways due to the singer-songwriter wanting marriage and children and the tech executive not being ready to take those steps.
Throughout their time dating, Gaga and Polansky have attended the Super Bowl, the BAFTAs, and the Critics Choice Awards together. 
Since August, the two have been pictured several times together, including an appearance at a Saturday Night Live afterparty where they were seen arriving hand-in-hand.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group