A ROCK band well known for its track 'Teenage Dirtbag' is coming to Frome this June.


  The New York act will be coming to the town's Cheese & Grain venue on June 12 before performing at this year's Download Festival on June 14.


  The show will kick off from 7pm. Tickets are available on the Wheatus website.


  Cheese & Grain is a not-for-profit social enterprise and charity which aims to promote local and well-known talent.


It's website reads: "The Cheese & Grain is a not-for-profit, member owned social enterprise and also a registered charity. Its main aim is to promote and boost Frome’s social, cultural and economic life.


  "The Cheese and Grain has an important role in Frome because we can host meetings, large (with a capacity of 835 standing and 500 seated) and small (up to about 30 people in our mezzanine)."


  Wheatus' debut single continues to thrive. In 2022, it became the cornerstone of a huge TikTok movement. The 'Teenage Dirtbag photos' trend was embraced by close to a million people, including Madonna, Lady Gaga, Mark Ruffalo, Lil Nas X, Jon Bon Jovi and Chevy Chase. 


  Those who have watched Netflix's 'Big Mouth' may have also noticed the song in the trailer for its seventh season.


  In 2023, the track re-entered the UK Top 40 Official Singles Chart, despite the song being released in the year 2000.


  The band has performed in some of the most prestigious stages in their career. They’ve recently played as special guests of Everclear, Hoobastank, Living Colour, Phantom Planet, The Wallflowers, Eve 6 and Dashboard Confessional at various club, amphitheatre and arena dates around the United States.


  On top of this, they have performed at high profile American music festivals such as Audacy Beach Festival (on a bill also featuring Muse, Jack White, The 1975, Machine Gun Kelly and many more), Adjacent Festival (alongside Blink-182, Coheed & Cambria, Turnstile, Jimmy Eat World, and Paramore) and the iHeartRadio Jingle Ball.


  In 2023, the band appeared on Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway and also embarked on a 47-date tour of the UK and Ireland, which was nearly sold out.


  This year, Wheatus is embarking on two tours of Australia, one with brendan co-headlining an acoustic tour with Art Alexakis of Everclear, and the other with the full band playing the Pandemonium Rocks concert series alongside Alice Cooper, Deep Purple, Blondie, Placebo and more. 


  The band will also be doing a 'Dirtbags Across America' tour, where it will perform in all 48 contiguous US states.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.