The couple tied the knot April 30.
 Taylor Kinney and Ashley Cruger are married!

 The Chicago Fire star, 42, wed the model at a small, private ceremony in Chicago on April 30, a source told PEOPLE. Cruger also confirmed the news on her Instagram story on Tuesday with a photo of the couple captioned “Mr. and Mrs. Kinney.”

Arnold Jerocki/WireImage
 
Kinney, who plays Lieutenant Kelly Severide on the hit NBC drama, began dating Cruger in 2022. Neither Kinney nor Cruger has publicly discussed the relationship, but the actor first posted a picture of his now-wife in March 2022, and Cruger reciprocated the gesture in April 2022 after they attended a charity event together. Cruger later appeared in a cameo on season 11 of Chicago Fire, playing an extra in a scene in a bar.

 Reps for Kinney did not immediately respond to EW’s request for comment.

 The actor returned to Chicago Fire with season 12, which premiered in January, after taking a leave of absence from the show midway through season 11. The in-universe reason for Kinney’s departure: Severide left town to attend a training program for arson investigation. Kinney left the series to deal with a personal matter. 

 Kinney was previously engaged to Lady Gaga, but the couple called off their engagement in 2016.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

Alex Goodlett/Getty 
 In an interview with Entertainment Weekly in 2016 celebrating the show’s 100th episode, Kinney recalled shooting the Chicago Fire pilot. “All I had was questions. I really didn’t know too much about everything that we were doing, the technical aspect of the job and what we were doing. It just felt really, really bizarre and silly,” Kinney said of his firefighting techniques during the early days of the show.

 “I’ve been around it for so long and a lot of our friends are firefighters, Kinney continued.. “We have people there that if we don’t know how to do something, we’ll find out before we put it on camera.”

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)