The director and founder of an Oxfordshire Pride event is hoping to match last year's sell-out event.


Bicester Pride is back next weekend for its fourth year, taking place from 2pm until 10pm on Saturday, September 7 at Garth Park. 


  Founder and director of Bicester Pride, Christina Riley, said the event has grown since it first started.


  "We've grown bigger and bigger," she said.


READ MORE: Investigation launched into water contamination in Carterton


  "Last year we had over 1000 people attend and sold out, and this year we're hoping to equal that.


  "It's one of the biggest events in Bicester."


Bicester Pride 2023 (Image: Christina Riley)


  For the first two years the event was held in the Nightingale pub in Langford Village, and with the support of Bicester Town Council it has been held in Garth park for the last two years.


  The event is a day festival celebrating LGBTQIA+ identities and will have a pride market and family entertainment throughout the day, followed by an afterparty at the Lamb Inn on Sheep Street.


READ MORE: Meet Bicester artist and Oasis fan who met Noel Gallagher


  There will also be a Freddie Mercury Queen tribute, a Lady GaGa tribute, a drag artist, DJ Elite Entertainment and more for visitors to enjoy. 


  Ms Riley added: "It's a fantastic line-up."


  "Traditionally, Bicester has not had anything in terms of LGBT inclusion until four years ago.


  "Slowly, the town is becoming more LGBT inclusive and friendly, and I think that's a good reflection for Bicester."


  It is a not-for-profit community interest company with all raised funds going back into running Pride.


  Bicester Village, Brita and Oxfordshire Community and Voluntary Action are sponsoring the event this year. 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.