Today's e-Edition
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Today's e-Edition

			Trending:		
CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY: Lady Gaga, 38; Julia Stiles, 43; Vince Vaughn, 54; Reba McEntire, 69.
Happy Birthday: Taking the time to listen will lead to benefits. Decide what you want to accomplish and pick a quiet spot to work. Turn the projects you pursue this year into masterpieces. Step out of the spotlight and you’ll find the quickest path to make things happen. Make changes and turn an idea into an opportunity. Your numbers are 4, 11, 20, 28, 32, 37, 48.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Join groups that offer support, information, and cost-effective and easily adjusted alternatives. Use your power of persuasion to convince those close to you to join in and be supportive. A personal or physical change will point you in a healthy direction. 3 stars
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Search for a prospect that touches you emotionally. If your heart is motivated, don’t hesitate to initiate changes that motivate you to follow through with your plans. Be bold and live life your way, and you will attract love and support. Romance is in the stars. 3 stars
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Feel the tug of war, recognize the dynamics of your situation and look for the best alternative. A quiet, straightforward approach is encouraged if you want to navigate your way through roadblocks. 3 stars
CANCER (June 21-July 22): Minimize your discussions until you are sure you can win the debate. Put your energy into personal gains, increasing awareness and a physical improvement that fortifies your confidence. Connect with people who can contribute to your success or offer inside information that reinforces your beliefs. Romance is favored. 5 stars
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Put impulse aside and think matters through. Choose to do your due diligence and to map out a foolproof plan before you go public. An expert or insightful person you meet will recognize, add to and join your fight to set standards and make progress. 2 stars
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): You’ll get the go-ahead if you address issues and make your voice heard. A change of plans will work in your favor. Partnerships will offer opportunities to expand ideas and defeat anyone who chooses to oppose you. 4 stars
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Take the initiative and make the first move. Your gesture will encourage a response and help you understand both sides of an issue. Price out the cost and time you need to forfeit to get what you want, and reset your schedule and budget to ensure success. 3 stars
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Welcome change; decide what happens next. Give your inner light a chance to shine, touch people’s lives and enrich the world around you. Focus on giving back, and satisfaction and gratification will be yours. Peace and love are heading your way. 3 stars
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Don’t count on help or share too much information about what you intend to do next. Fly under the radar and get as much done as possible before someone steps in and tries to bulldoze your plans. Don’t use force when anonymity is what you need. 3 stars
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Adjust your surroundings to suit your lifestyle. Consider what and who makes you happy, and wait to quit until you secure your position and are able to fulfill your passion. Love, romance and personal growth are apparent. Follow your heart and explore the possibilities. 4 stars
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Take a closer look before you commit to something. Familiarize yourself with the physical and emotional costs before you proceed. Don’t let anyone pressure you into something that benefits them more than you. 2 stars
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Stop second-guessing and start believing in yourself. An energetic approach to your goal won’t disappoint. Look at the prospects, create opportunities and seek out those you know can contribute to join your team. You have plenty to gain if you take control. 5 stars
Birthday Baby: You are endearing, grateful and empathetic. You are unique and influential.
1 star: Avoid conflicts; work behind the scenes. 2 stars: You can accomplish, but don’t rely on others. 3 stars: Focus and you’ll reach your goals. 4 stars: Aim high; start new projects. 5 stars: Nothing can stop you; go for gold.
Visit Eugenialast.com, or join Eugenia on Twitter/Facebook/LinkedIn.
Want a link to your daily horoscope delivered directly to your inbox each weekday morning? Sign up for our free Coffee Break newsletter at mercurynews.com/newsletters or eastbaytimes.com/newsletters. 
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group