By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:34, 6 June 2024   |  Updated:  01:05, 6 June 2024   
 32
View  comments
Kim Kardashian is continuing to come under fire for appearing on Variety's Actors on Actors series opposite Oscar-nominated actress Chloe Sevigny.
Since the publication announced the duo were paired together for their elite series, in which accomplished performers engage in a conversation about their work, the  reality star, 43, has been slammed as unworthy of the honor compared to 49-year-old Boys Don't Cry star. 
In response to the full interview, released on Wednesday, social media users expressed their frustration to see the mother-of-four, whose latest role was in Ryan Murphy's American Horror Story: Delicate, recognized for her talent among actors like Robert Downey Jr., Jodie Foster, Quinta Brunson, and Elizabeth Debicki.
Under Variety's YouTube video of Kardashian and Sevigny's interview, one  commentor quipped that 'Chloe deserves a second Oscar nomination for her performance as a woman who is actually interested in what Kim Kardashian has to say about anything.'
'This is like having Katharine Hepburn being paired up with Paris Hilton,' another  scoffed.
Kim Kardashian is continuing to come under fire for appearing on Variety's Actors on Actors series opposite Oscar-nominated actress Chloe Sevigny
A third wrote: 'I'll never get over the fact that Variety invited Kim K to do this but not someone like Dakota Fanning who just wrapped up the Ripley series with Andrew Scott... and is an actual experienced actor is just so unbelievable and ridiculous,' a third wrote. 'So sorry Chloe, you deserve better than this.'
'There are easy jokes to be made about this video, but truly it's such a slap in the face to actual artists in the film industry,' a fourth insisted. 'The fact that someone like Kim K can just decide to be an actor on the highest level, while those who put their whole soul into it probably won't ever get to be on Actors on Actors… just deeply upsetting.' 
One viewer specifically criticized how Kardashian 'did not ask one interesting question' and dubbed their conversation 'difficult to watch.' 
Another said Kardashian sounded 'dull and robotic' while Sevigny came across as 'so real and cool and charming.' 
One disappointed fan even asked if the SKIMS founder paid to be included. 
During the interview, Kardashian admitted that she finds the sound of her own voice 'Kardashian.'
Sevigny sweetly responded: 'Don't we all find our voices annoying?' 
Kardashian also confirmed she was teaming up with Murphy, again, on a series, in which she will portray 'a high-powered divorce attorney' like Laura Wasser. 
Since the publication announced the duo were paired together for their elite series, in which accomplished performers engage in a conversation about their work, the reality star, 43, has been slammed as unworthy of the honor compared to 49-year-old Boys Don't Cry star
In response to the full interview, released on Wednesday, social media users couldn't help but express their frustration to see the mother-of-four, whose latest role was in Ryan Murphy's American Horror Story: Delicate, recognized for her talent among actors like Robert Downey Jr., Jodie Foster, Quinta Brunson, and Elizabeth Debicki
Under Variety's YouTube video of Kardashian and Sevigny's interview, one commentor quipped that 'Chloe deserves a second Oscar nomination for her performance as a woman who is actually interested in what Kim Kardashian has to say about anything'
'You can really own that legalese,' the Big Love actress said of the TV personality's role as a lawyer.  
Kardashian, who will be taking the bar exam in 2025, agreed, as she described legalese as 'a different language.'
The reality star explained her desire to pursue acting came after challenging herself to do something every year that makes her 'terribly uncomfortable.' 
'I love how much you love working,' Sevigny told her. 
'I do,' Kardashian replied. 'Maybe it's a deflection of other stuff, I don't know. But no, I generally genuinely love working. It's like my happy place.' 
When asked if she was a 'big cinephile' growing up, Kardashian said she 'was always going to the movies' and 'could remember any rom-com, any sad film, any love plot.'
She continued: 'It’s so interesting what I’ve chosen to gravitate towards. So the films that I really love are not going to be sophisticated at all.' 
Kardashian concluded that she's a 'Clueless, Notebook kind of girl.' 
Sevigny detailed her love of independent films and being 'drawn to certain actresses, like Mia Farrow and Anna Magnani, the great Italian actress. And Gena Rowlands.' 
Chloë Sevigny asking Kim Kardashian if she's a big cinephile. I'll never recover,' one X user tweeted
Another suggested that Chloë Sevigny deserves an Oscar for 'doing this with a straight face'
'Putting Chloe on the same level as the woman next to her, when the cover clearly reads 'Actors on Actors', hits all levels of disrespect,' a third wrote
A fourth asked why Chloe participated 'in this mockery' 
'I didn't get the memo that everyone in Hollywood died and [the] only one left to be paired with film icon Chloë Sevigny was a reality star,' a fourth quipped 
One Sevigny fan insisted it was 'an insult to pair her with someone that has' had 'one lead acting credit' versus the Oscar nominee, who has been acting for nearly three decades
'If there was a spectrum of it-girlness, Chloë Sevigny and Kim Kardashian would be on completely opposite sides,' another social media user snarkily remarked
A talent like Chloe saying such a thing to an absolute no-talent is next level ridiculous.
Kardashian explained, for her, what drew her to films 'was mostly about the glam.'
'When I look back at films with Ava Gardner, I just am always looking into their hair and their makeup, and what they’re wearing. I was super into the glam of it all,' she noted. 
Kardashian also revealed her late father, Robert Kardashian, 'would make' her and her siblings 'watch a black-and-white film.' 
'It was just fascinating. I just remember writing down the actresses’ names and wanting to get on my computer and search and see what they were wearing and who did their hair and makeup back then,' she recalled. 
Elsewhere during their chat, Sevigny admitted: 'In Hollywood, I feel like still a little like I haven't made it... I don't know, I just have a real insecurity around it.' 
'I feel like I've always been in that space,' Kardashian chimed in. 'People always underestimate, I've always felt comfort in that insecurity and that space, of always, feeling like, "Why am I here? How did I get here? Is this suppose to be?" I don't know I've always operated well in that space. So, I know how it feels.'
Both Sevigny (seen in 2022) and Kardashian did star this past year in shows created by legendary producer Ryan Murphy - Sevigny in Feud: Capote vs. The Swans and Kardashian in American Horror Story: Delicate
Both Sevigny and Kardashian did star this past year in shows created by legendary producer Ryan Murphy - Sevigny in Feud: Capote vs. The Swans and Kardashian in American Horror Story: Delicate. 
Kim received mixed reviews for her role of cunning and suspicious publicist Siobhan Corbyn in American Horror Story: Delicate. 
The season was based on Danielle Valentine's book Delicate Condition and was created by Ryan Murphy and Brad Falchuk for cable network FX.
The novel centers on an actress who struggles to achieve a balance between her rising public profile and her arduous IVF journey.
At the same time, the character begins to suspect that a malevolent force is keeping her from successfully becoming pregnant.
Fans both slammed and praised her performance on Twitter and reviewers spoke fondly of Kim in recaps.
USA Today described Kim in their review headline 'only reason to watch the awful' 12th season 
USA Today described Kim in their review headline 'only reason to watch the awful' 12th season.
'And yes, Kardashian’s acting skills may be more People’s Choice than Emmy-worthy,' the reviewer wrote. 'But like "American Horror Story" alums Jessica Lange and Lady Gaga before her, she’s the only one so far to deliver on the season’s high-camp potential.'
Deadline wrote: 'She’s perfect for the part — everyone calm down, it’s not like Kim is playing Portia in Shakespeare’s The Merchant of Venice.'
Kim had limited acting experience prior to landing her starring role on American Horror Stories.
While she has numerous guest roles on her IMDb, much of her acting work has been done playing herself.
Kim played herself in 2018's Ocean's Eight and on episodes of 2 Broke Girls and 30 Rock.
She did, however, lend her voice to the role of Delores in the PAW Patrol movies.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group