Winston, a French Bulldog, is inspected for breed standards before winning the Best in Breed title during the 147th Westminster Kennel Club Dog show, Monday, May 8, 2023, at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in New York. The popular breed has been the target of thefts across the country. (AP Photo/John Minchillo)AP
By H. Rose Schneider | Times Union, Albany, N.Y. (TNS)
Albany, N.Y. — A pair of French bulldogs are missing after they were reportedly snatched off their owners’ porch Sunday morning, becoming the latest members of the hugely popular breed to be stolen from owners.
Anya and Nova were last seen by a neighbor on the porch of their Myrtle Avenue home around 10:30 a.m. The neighbor said she saw someone in a van pull up and take the dogs away, the dogs’ owner Alicia Williams said Tuesday.
“We’re just heartbroken and just trying to hold on to hope to get them home,” said Williams, 44, who was picking up her son from camp after he learned his “best buddies” were gone.
Williams and her husband were putting up flyers and searching for the dogs after they went missing Sunday. It wasn’t until a neighbor described what she’d seen that they realized the pair may have been stolen. They filed a police report on Monday. Albany police spokeswoman Officer Megan Craft confirmed police are investigating the theft of two French bulldogs that occurred between 9 and 11 a.m. Sunday on Myrtle Avenue. WTEN-Channel 10 previously reported on the theft.
It’s likely not the first pair of French bulldogs who’ve been stolen in the area. Dream and Bella, a black and fawn pair with the distinct bat-like ears and brachycephalic faces of French bulldogs (police at the time only confirmed they were a type of bulldog), were reported stolen this past November from Kinwood Apartments in Rensselaer. Police in that city have not yet returned a call confirming if they’d been found.
French bulldog thefts have made headlines nationwide. In 2021, a five-month-old French bulldog puppy was stolen and later returned in Los Angeles. In 2023, a woman said she was beaten and had her French bulldog stolen in Chicago, and in 2024, a Los Angeles woman clung to the hood of a car to stop the theft of her French bulldog. The most famous case is likely when Lady Gaga’s dog walker was shot and her two French bulldogs were stolen in 2021 in Los Angeles.
In 2022, the American Kennel Club reported a 40 percent increase in pet thefts from the year prior. Craft said reports of stolen dogs are not unusual, but it hasn’t appeared to increase in Albany. According to the AKC, high-value breeds are a likely target, with thieves practicing “dog flipping” in which they quickly resell stolen or shelter-adopted pets for a profit.
“French bulldogs are known to be an expensive breed,” Williams said. “So I can only imagine someone took them to sell them.”
With their squashed noses, perked-up ears and small — yet still endearingly-stout — stature, French bulldogs have taken the crown as the AKC’s most popular dog breed for the last two years, ending the Labrador Retriever’s three-decade reign.
Williams and her family have had their pair since they were puppies. Nova, at age 3, has black-and-tan markings, and Anya, at age 1, has black-and-white markings. Williams and her husband had been away for the weekend, and she asked her brother to let them out in the backyard Sunday morning. A temporary fence set up in one section due to damage from past storms may have given them just enough space to squeeze out through the side yard and get on the porch where they were snatched.
“They’re just so sweet,” she said. “They’re too sweet for their own good, I guess.”
Police will be checking video footage around Delaware and Myrtle Avenues, Williams said. Both dogs have identification tags and microchips, and the family is offering a $2,000 reward for their return. Anyone with information can call them at 518-669-2508 or 518-698-7439.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices