If you’re looking for the Connections answer for Monday, June 24, 2024, read on—I’ll share some clues, tips, and strategies, and finally the solutions to all four categories. Along the way, I’ll explain the meanings of the trickier words and we’ll learn how everything fits together. Beware, there are spoilers below for June 24, NYT Connections #379! Read on if you want some hints (and then the answer) to today’s Connections game. 
If you want an easy way to come back to our Connections hints every day, bookmark this page. You can also find our past hints there as well, in case you want to know what you missed in a previous puzzle.
Below, I’ll give you some oblique hints at today’s Connections answers. And farther down the page, I’ll reveal the themes and the answers. Scroll slowly and take just the hints you need!
Here are some spoiler-free hints for the groupings in today’s Connections:
Yellow category - If you had a bruise or a burn, you might use these words to describe the way the skin feels.
Green category - You might see these category words on a restaurant menu.
Blue category - A zoological category, to the ear. 
Purple category - A fill-in-the-blank, with a bright color usually associated with power, vigor, and anger.
We’re about to give away some of the answers. Scroll slowly if you don’t want the whole thing spoiled. (The full solution is a bit further down.)
MOUSSE is a type of DESSERT, but they don’t belong together today.
MEAT can be RAW, but those don’t belong together either. 
BARE and RAW are sometimes synonyms, but they don’t go together. 
You might like to know that a wildebeest is sometimes called a “gnu.” (I had no idea.)
Yellow: SORE TO THE TOUCH
Green: RESTAURANT COURSES
Blue: ANIMAL HOMOPHONES
Purple: RED ___
Ready to learn the answers to today’s Connections puzzle? I give them all away below.
The yellow grouping is considered to be the most straightforward. The theme for today’s yellow group is SORE TO THE TOUCH and the words are: DELICATE, RAW, SENSITIVE, TENDER.
The green grouping is supposed to be the second-easiest. The theme for today’s green category is RESTAURANT COURSES and the words are: DESSERT, MAIN, SIDE, STARTER.
The blue grouping is the second-hardest. The theme for today’s blue category is ANIMAL HOMOPHONES and the words are: BARE, DEAR, MOUSSE, NEW.
The purple grouping is considered to be the hardest. The theme for today’s purple category is RED ___ and the words are: CARPET, DELICIOUS, MEAT, TAPE.
STARTER, DESSERT, MAIN, and SIDE are all meal courses. 🟩
DELICATE, SENSITIVE, RAW, and TENDER are all synonyms for something that needs to be handled carefully. 🟨
It looks like BARE could go with MOUSSE and DEAR because they are all animal homophones (bear, moose, deer) but I don’t know what completes the category yet.
If I go with that theory, that would leave DELICIOUS, CARPET, MEAT, TAPE, and NEW. Hmm, I’m not seeing anything. 
MEAT and TAPE could refer to materials that Lady Gaga has worn (the meat dress and her caution tape outfit) but that seems like a real stretch. 
Oh, wait, looking at the meat dress actually made me realize the category could be “RED ___”: red MEAT, red TAPE, red CARPET, and red DELICIOUS, referring to the apple. 🟪
That leaves MOUSSE, DEAR, NEW, and BARE, which are apparently all animal homophones? 🟦 Hm, apparently “gnu” is another name for a wildebeest. Love to learn. 
I have a full guide to playing Connections, but here’s a refresher on the rules:
First, find the Connections game either on the New York Times website or in their Games app (formerly the Crossword app). You’ll see a game board with 16 tiles, each with one word or phrase. Your job is to select a group of four tiles that have something in common. Often they are all the same type of thing (for example: RAIN, SLEET, HAIL, and SNOW are all types of wet weather) but sometimes there is wordplay involved (for example, BUCKET, GUEST, TOP TEN, and WISH are all types of lists: bucket list, guest list, and so on).
Select four items and hit the Submit button. If you guessed correctly, the category and color will be revealed. (Yellow is easiest, followed by green, then blue, then purple.) If your guess was incorrect, you’ll get a chance to try again.
You win when you’ve correctly identified all four groups. But if you make four mistakes before you finish, the game ends and the answers are revealed.
The most important thing to know to win Connections is that the groupings are designed to be tricky. Expect to see overlapping groups. For example, one puzzle seemed to include six breakfast foods: BACON, EGG, PANCAKE, OMELET, WAFFLE, and CEREAL. But BACON turned out to be part of a group of painters along with CLOSE, MUNCH, and WHISTLER, and EGG was in a group of things that come by the dozen (along with JUROR, ROSE, and MONTH). So don’t hit “submit” until you’ve confirmed that your group of four contains only those four things.
If you’re stuck, another strategy is to look at the words that seem to have no connection to the others. If all that comes to mind when you see WHISTLER is the painting nicknamed “Whistler’s Mother,” you might be on to something. When I solved that one, I ended up googling whether there was a painter named Close, because Close didn’t fit any of the obvious themes, either.
Another way to win when you’re stuck is, obviously, to read a few helpful hints–which is why we share these pointers every day. Check back tomorrow for the next puzzle!
Tim Mulkerin is a freelance writer, editor, and social media manager who has been working in digital media and the tech world since 2016.
Tim Mulkerin is a freelance writer, editor, and social media manager who has been working in digital media and the tech world since 2016.
Lifehacker has been a go-to source of tech help and life advice since 2005. Our mission is to offer reliable tech help and credible, practical, science-based life advice to help you live better.
                
© 2001-2025 Ziff Davis, LLC., A ZIFF DAVIS COMPANY. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Lifehacker is a federally registered trademark of Ziff Davis and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. The display of third-party trademarks and trade names on this site does not necessarily indicate
                    any affiliation or the
                    endorsement of Lifehacker. If you click an affiliate link and buy a product or service, we may be paid a fee by that merchant.