From the 55,000-square-foot spa to the $5,000-a-night VIP suites, luxury is everywhere at the Fontainebleau Las Vegas — even the food court.
I recently spent two nights at the hottest new hotel in Sin City and was blown away by the Fontainebleau's elevated spin on quick and casual dining.
From sushi by Michelin-starred chefs to one of the best pizzas I've ever had, here's everything I ate.
Fontainebleau Las Vegas was packed with A-list celebrities when I stayed at the hotel during Super Bowl weekend, attracting everyone from Beyoncé and Jay-Z to Leonardo DiCaprio and Lady Gaga.
The 67-story hotel has 3,644 rooms, with rates starting at $300 a night, unless you're staying in one of the exclusive Fleur de Lis suites. There's also a 150,000-square-foot casino, a 14-000-square-foot gym, and LIV, the brand-new nightclub.
And we haven't even gotten to the food.
Fontainebleau Las Vegas features a wide variety of dining options, paying homage to the hotel's Miami roots by bringing in hot spots like Papi Steak, KYU, and Komodo. It's also smartly nabbed the second location for super buzzy names like Mother Wolf and Contramar.
You can get a $1,000 55-ounce Wagyu tomahawk steak, a $400-per-person omakase experience, or a $265 golden chicken covered in black truffles and foie gras. But fine dining isn't the only kind that Fontainebleau offers.
Described on the Fontainebleau's website as a "vibrant gourmet adventure," Promenade offers six different restaurants. There's everything from pizza and bagels to sandwiches and tacos, plus Michelin-starred sushi and celebrity-chef burgers.
I visited Promenade three times with my boyfriend during our Fontainebleau stay, and we tried nearly every restaurant. We even bumped into DJ John Summit, who has a residency at LIV and told us the Promenade is his favorite place to eat at the resort.
Now I understand why.
Promenade is home to El Bagel, a popular Miami-based spot specializing in hand-rolled bagels.
The menu features five different egg sandwiches, including a classic bacon, egg, and cheese, and options with smoked pastrami or a maple sausage patty. They range in price from $10 to $15.
There are also nine different sandwiches, including the Lox Supreme, King Guava — which features a fried egg with guava marmalade — and a BLT with bacon, tomato paste, and pickled mustard seeds. Prices range from $6 to $18, but there's also the $130 "Baller Bagel" — with an ounce of Osetra caviar — if you're feeling really fancy.
The $18 Pastrami Classico is made with 18-hour smoked pastrami, swiss cheese, coleslaw, and Thousand Island dressing.
I've been on the hunt for a phenomenal pastrami bagel ever since I tried the Reubenstein sandwich at Yeastie Boys (if you live in LA, do yourself a favor and get this immediately). El Bagel's Pastrami Classico comes close to the Reubenstein's greatness with its deliciously tender and smoky pastrami, which was nicely balanced by the fluffy sesame bagel, bright coleslaw, and tangy Thousand Island dressing.
This tasted like a luxury bagel — no caviar required.
The $14 Las Tardes bagel features thin-sliced turkey, plain cream cheese, tomato jam, and sprouts.
The everything bagel was perfectly seasoned, with a fantastic salty crunch that paired well with the delicious turkey and tomato jam. But there was a bit too much cream cheese, which made for some cloying bites combined with the turkey. I think the sandwich would've worked better with scallion cream cheese instead, which could add some more depth to the overall flavor.
But I was impressed by El Bagel overall. It delivers a fun and elevated twist on the breakfast classic, and I plan to visit again next time I'm in Miami or Vegas.
Promenade at the Fontainebleau is the second location for Miami Slice, which serves artisan NY-style slices in downtown Miami.
The menu features five flavors — Margherita De La Casa, Pepperoni Proper, La Salsera, Leeks on Bacon, and Mushroom Truffle — ranging in price from $8 to $10 a slice. There are also extras on offer, including hot honey, stracciatella, and a three-cheese dip.
Our dinners in Sin City included gourmet steak, Peking duck, and golden chicken, but the place we still talk about most was Miami Slice. And that's not to say all of the above wasn't extremely delicious — we just couldn't get enough of this pizza. Nothing fills the heart faster than a sublime slice.
The $9 Pepperoni Proper — which features red sauce, mozzarella cheese, pepperoni, and hot honey — had a crispy, flaky crust that was light as air and tasted incredible. It also had the perfect ratio of sauce to cheese, ensuring the mozzarella didn't overpower the luscious red sauce.
It's hard to beat the power-couple combo of sweet and spicy hot honey with salty pepperoni, but the $9 La Salsera slice was even better. The slice — which features a trio of red sauce, vodka sauce, and pesto — blew me away with its dance of flavors.
"The vodka with pesto is a dream," I wrote in my notes after a few bites. "Everything is perfect about it."
My boyfriend and I agreed it was one of the best slices of pizza we've had — period.
Bar Ito is a sister concept to ITO, the NYC omakase restaurant by Michelin-starred chefs Kevin Kim and Masa Ito. There's also a second new ITO location in Poodle Room, the Fontainebleau Las Vegas' exclusive members-only club on the top floor of the resort.
While a night at ITO's 12-seat omakase counter costs $400 a person, Bar Ito offers handrolls and sashimi at a much cheaper price tag. Bowls range from $10 to $22, with options including salmon, eggplant, and wagyu. There are also eight different temaki flavors — including lobster, spicy scallop, hamachi, and roast shiitake — with the option to purchase either three handrolls for $33 or five for $50.
We got the three-for-$33 deal, opting for spicy tuna, salmon, and toro. The rolls — which came packaged in a cute box with wasabi, ginger, and soy sauce — were kept simple. The spicy tuna was paired with cucumber, the salmon with avocado, and the toro with scallions. It allowed the high-quality fish in each temaki to shine and was the perfect fresh dinner we were craving after a day at Gronk Beach, Rob Gronkowski's annual Super Bowl pool party. The $8 miso mushroom soup is also a must.
Nona had caught my eye when we first walked through Promenade, so I made sure to grab us some sandwiches before our trip back to LA.
The menu features seven sandwiches ranging in price from $15 to $18, with flavors including spicy chicken, hot salami, tri-tip dip, turkey, meatball, Italian, and vegetarian.
We first tried The Bird, a $16 sandwich with roasted turkey, mayonnaise, brie, bacon, guacamole, pickled red onions, and escarole, all on a toasted roll.
The sandwich was bursting with so much delicious and unexpected flavor. Turkey and brie is a classic pair, but the pickled red onions and guacamole infused them with a creamy and tangy brightness. I loved the crispy bite of the bacon and the excellent crust on the fluffy roll. We ate this sandwich on a very grim bus ride back to LA after deciding to stay an extra night in Vegas for Super Bowl Sunday, and it's truly the only thing that kept us sane.
After getting home at 1 a.m., we dug into The Italian. The $18 sandwich, also on a toasted roll, features Italian ham, Calabrese salami, baby Swiss, roasted peppers, olive relish, Parmigiano Reggiano, arugula, and basil.
I thought it'd be impossible to beat The Bird, yet The Italian does so easily. It stays true to its name with an intoxicating combination of high-quality meats and cheeses, while the mixture of roasted peppers, arugula, and basil peppered each bite with a sweet and herby freshness. If The Bird kept us sane, The Italian brought us back to life.
Who knew a food court could be so powerful?
Jump to