International Women's Month is usually a celebration of women's achievements with huge fanfare. This year it seems to be a big, fat dud. The Democrats are finally able to identify what a woman is, just in time to ramp up their war on women trope for the 2024 elections. Along with trying to nationalize abortion again, they claim Republicans want to ban IVF and force women to have babies. So, why would Republicans ban IVF if they want to force women to have more babies?
Make it make sense.
Then there's Lady Gaga, who made "Born this Way" a gay anthem, using International Women's Month as an excuse to kiss, hug, and praise the very deluded Dylan Mulvaney—who definitely was not born this way. She makes promises that he "can achieve anything that life throws [his] way."
Except for being a biological woman. 
Lady Gaga celebrated International Women’s Day with Dylan Mulvaney. pic.twitter.com/29zrYcXJwd
Between the transgender agenda and the war of biological men in women's spaces, you would think there would be an urgency to highlight all the aspects of womanhood. But the world of actual women's spaces on social media is simply a dogpile. Trad wives dissing on career women, career women dissing on outdoorsy women; it's a dumpster fire. 
The latest salvo in the "I'm more woman than you" war is an Andrew Tate-stan, foreign policy correspondent, and former Miss New Jersey named Samirah Khan. Khan decided to dump on YouTuber Hannah Barron, of the Hannah Barron Outdoors, as lacking femininity. Barron is not only in spectacular shape, but she can actually do things that a man can do <*clutch the pearls*>, like build her own home, hone her marksmanship skills, and noodle catfish. 
This accent needs to be illegal and women should be banned from doing manual labour like this.There is NOTHING feminine about American women.American women are literally men. pic.twitter.com/iypi1CGNov
I love Hannah Barron, and so do a lot of other men and women. Samirah Khan, not so much. The first problem: Khan is a cultivated and carefully crafted Lebanese Barbie with questionable taste in men.
I defended Andrew Tate, but I was never a redpiller or associated with the manosphere.
Sameera Khan, a former beauty queen based in the US, has been a regular supporter of Andrew Tate on Twitter. The ex-Miss New Jersey, who was once branded 'wifey' by Tate, describes herself as an 'anti-woke journalist' and 'femininity defender' in her Twitter bio. She has over 139,000 followers on Twitter.
Barron, on the other hand, is an Alabama girl who is as real as they come.
The world of social media is awash in pretty girls monetizing their selfies and hashtagging their sponsors, living their #bestlife, feeling #blessed and fishing for praise with false claims of “I just woke up like this.” These self-proclaimed media mavens command audiences of thousands, courting new followers with every duck face and subtle down-the-blouse selfie.
Make no mistake, Hannah Barron is not one of them.
Instead, this southern Alabama gal built an audience on the strength of her relentless love of the outdoors, her mind-blowing skills as a hunter and fisher and her deep authenticity. The fact that she has a thousand-watt smile and usually noodles for catfish in a bikini is almost secondary.
But Khan chooses Barron to hate on because she is strong (not just physically), and doesn't wear makeup or nail polish. All Khan does is drop mean tweets and host X (Twitter) spaces, supposedly about global politics.
Who would you want on an island with you? I'll take the person who actually can get stuff done and help produce food, over someone who equates femininity to looks and environment. It's all stereotypical nonsense fueled by someone whose job it is to get attention. 
But unfortunately, people like Khan are presented as the standard, while role models like Barron are marginalized because they don't fit that paradigm. Women like the Samireh Khans and the Pearly Things Podcast tell other women that they'll never be happy or get a man by being their authentic selves. And we wonder why our young girls are vulnerable to the indoctrination of gender ideology. If we cannot accept the various stages, shades, and opportunities of being a woman, how can we expect them to?
I didn't know that masculinity meant doing things with our hands and showing up to do work.We don't have time for too much make up when the nation is calling.Smiling working in Iraq was rare. Maybe even feminine of me. pic.twitter.com/dmdQE9CfSx
Which leads us to the ugliness on both the Left and the Right being spewed at Alabama Senator Katie Britt after her response to President Joe Biden's State of the Union address. The criticisms had little to do with the substance of what Britt had to say; it was all about window dressing (her expensive kitchen), her looks, her voice, and delivery. Britt appeared on Fox News' "Hannity" show the next night and had this to say.
Britt seemed to shrug off her critics, attributing their commentary to part of getting into the "arena."
"You know, Sean, last night I told people to get into the arena," she said. "And when you get into the arena, you get arrows. They get thrown at you, but it is worth it when you're fighting for the American people, when you're fighting to make sure hard-working families, just like you said in your last segment, that they are seen, that they have a voice, that the things they are concerned about, that they're worried about, that we're actually talking about them. Things that we talk about around our kitchen table — Joe Biden seems to be detached from reality. Somebody needs to bring him back and quick."
 It seems a lot of the need to take on a persona: whether it be the opposite sex, a trad wife, or a sexualized ideal is an attempt to detach from reality. Gabrielle Clark is a young mother who fought hard to drag her daughter out of the gender cult, and created a model called "Affirming Reality," to help other parents do the same. 
This is me and my daughter Danaka. We’ve had a really tough journey over the last couple of years. She was socially transitioned into acting as if she was a boy. She is not now, nor did she ever truly believe she was a boy. She was born female and has grown into a beautiful young… pic.twitter.com/jfbjFmufCg
This is me and my daughter Danaka. We’ve had a really tough journey over the last couple of years. She was socially transitioned into acting as if she was a boy. She is not now, nor did she ever truly believe she was a boy. She was born female and has grown into a beautiful young woman. I helped her through this identity crisis by parenting her into desistance while Affirming Reality.  Some people believe that you have to go to doctors and therapist for a child identifying as transgender. Most people can help their children become fully embodied in their natal sex by just Affirming Reality.  She’s happier now than she’s ever been. And our relationship is stronger and closer than it’s ever been. Now I teach others how to prevent their children from becoming victims of the gender cult.
We could take a page from Ms. Clark's methods. The way back to an actual celebration of women, all we are, and all we accomplish is to resist the manufactured agendas of gender ideology, Madison Avenue, and Playboy, and get back to affirming reality by learning to be our authentic selves. 
Speaking of that, Hannah Barron responds to Samireh Khan, and it shows why she is a powerful essence and a real role model. The definition of "authentic."
UPDATE: Hannah Barron has responded.Beautiful, gracious young lady.(:iphone: via hannahbarron96 on Instagram) https://t.co/fnCXnesHuh pic.twitter.com/LHGlAMsx0N
Jennifer Oliver O'Connell (As the Girl Turns) is a contributor at Redstate and other publications. Jennifer writes on Politics, Pop Culture, and the American story, with occasional detours into Reinvention, Yoga, and Food. You can read more about Jennifer's world at her As the Girl Turns website. You can also follow her on X and Facebook.
Story leads: [email protected].

                            Copyright Redstate.com/Salem Media. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you.