From Becky G to Snoop Dogg, here are the artists who have joined La Doble P on his 2024 tour.

													By
												

	Jessica Roiz

Assistant Editor, Latin

Peso Pluma is currently on the North American leg of his 2024 Éxodo Tour that will officially wrap up on Oct. 11 in Montville, Calif. after making pit stops in more than 35 cities.

	Produced by Live Nation, the música Mexicana star kicked off his trek on May 26 at the Sueños Festival in Chicago and already visited key cities including New York, where he performed at the Governors Ball music festival in the spring. Fans who have yet to attend an upcoming Peso concert can expect an “all-new show, inclusive of a fully reimagined set design and setlist” with his live band in tow, according to a press statement. Surprise guests will also be in the mix, if you’re lucky.

	The trek is in support of Peso’s fourth studio album, Éxodo, which reached No. 1 on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart and Regional Mexican Albums chart in July, as well as No. 5 on the overall Billboard 200 list.

	The 24-song set — which includes collaborations with Luis R. Conriquez, Natanael Cano, Cardi B, and Quavo, to name a few — became only the second album by a regional Mexican act to land at the summit on Top Latin Albums in 2024, following Fuerza Régida’s Pa Las Baby’s y Belikeada, which led for three weeks between April and May.

	The Éxodo tour follows Peso’s first-ever stint last year that landed him at No. 47 in the all-genre Top 100 Tours, grossing a total of $48.8 million across 39 shows, according to Billboard‘s year-end Boxscore charts.

	Below, check out all of the surprise guests Peso has brought out on his 2024 tour.

Peso Pluma is confirmed for the 2024 Billboard Latin Music Week, returning to Miami Beach on Oct. 14-18. Other confirmed superstars include J Balvin, Feid, Gloria Estefan, Alejandro Sanz, Thalia, and Young Miko, among many others. For tickets and more details, visit Billboardlatinmusicweek.com.

	During the Mexican Independence weekend festivities in Las Vegas, Peso Pluma brought out a lot of specials guests. Among them was renowned rapper 50 Cent, who took center stage at the T-Mobile Arena on Sept. 12 to perform his 2009 timeless hit “Candy Shop.”

	Becky G was one of Peso Pluma’s surprise guests during his Inglewood concert on August 24 at Intuit Dome. There, the two artists performed their first collaborative effort “Chanel,” which peaked at No. 9 on Billboard‘s Hot Latin Songs chart last year. “Proud of you fam,” Becky expressed in an Instagram post with photos of the show.

	For his show in Anaheim, Calif., the Mexican star invited former Billboard Latin Artist on the Rise Chino Pacas to perform their collaboration “Mami,” part of Peso’s album Exodo.

	Fans at the Golden I Center in Sacramento, Calif. were in for a real treat when Peso called out Cypress Hill on stage. The iconic hip-hop group performed their 1993 classic “Insane in the Brain” during the concert on Aug. 30th. 

	Straight out of their collaboration on the Genésis album, Dareyes de la Sierra joined Peso Pluma at his concert in San Diego to perform their collab “VVS,” which also features newcomer Edgardo Nuñez.

	Houston-based rapper Don Toliver formed part of Peso’s star-studded cast in San Diego, where he took the stage to perform two of his tracks —”Lemonade” and “After Party” — alongside Peso.

	El Alfa drove the Las Vegas crowd wild when he arrived to Peso’s show at the T-Mobile Arena on Sept. 12. There, the Mexican singer and Dominican dembow star performed their single “Plebada,” which earned El Alfa his first entry on the Billboard Hot 100 last year.

	Gabito Ballesteros arrived to Peso’s show in San Diego, Calif. on Sept. 5 to perform their collaboration “Lady Gaga.” The track, wich also features Junior H, reached no. 1 on the Hot Latin Songs chart last year, giving Ballesteros and Junior H their first champ on the chart.

	For his San Francisco show held Aug. 31 at the Chase Center, Peso had Georgia-based rapper Gunna join him on stage, where he performed two of his own songs, including “One of Wun.”

	Peso Pluma’s fans in San Antonio, Texas enjoyed having the presence of Ivan Cornejo, where the pair performed their collaboration “Reloj” on July 27 at the Frost Bank Center. Earlier that month, the track debuted at No. 3 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart.

	Emerging Mexican artist (and Peso’s talented best friend) Jasiel Nuñez has been a regular on the Exodo Tour, joining Peso on various nights. One of the most notable appearances was during Gov Ball in New York City in June, where they performed the corridos hit “Rosa Pastel.”

	Mexican pop star Kenia Os was a surprise guest on Peso’s June 28th show that took place at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Texas, where they performed their collaboration “Tommy & Pamela.”

	For his Aug. 20th show in Anaheim, Calif., the corrido star brought out Legado 7. The norteño group from Orange County, best known for its “lumbre corridos,” performed their hit track “De Periodico un Gallito.”

	The artist invited California-based Regional Mexican group Marca MP to his Aug. 30th show in Sacramento, where they performed “El Güero” and “No Me Voy a Rajar.” Peso sang along with them. 

	At the Gov Ball that took place June 9 in New York City, Queens-based rapper Rich the Kid joined Peso Pluma on stage to perform their collaboration “Gimme a Second,” part of Peso’s Exodo album.

	For his San Francisco show on Aug. 30th, Peso invited rapper Saweetie to perform her tracks “Tap In” and “My Type.” During the concert, she even flaunted her Spanish-speaking skills, thanking the artist for the invite to his show.

	At the Intuit Dome in Inglewood, where Becky G was also his guest, Peso surprised fans with an appearance by Snoop Dogg. Wearing a “Viva Mexico” jacket, the iconic rapper performed “The Next Episode” and “Drop It Like It’s Hot.”

	Emerging act Tito Double P has been a surprise guest at various shows, including the nights where Peso invited Cypress Hill and Gunna. Tito is signed to Peso’s record label Double P Records and his debut album Incómodo hit No. 2 on Top Latin Albums & Regional Mexican Albums chart this month. 

	Los Angeles-based rapper Ty Dolla $ign was a special guest at Peso’s concert on Sept. 6 at the Acrisure Arena in Palm Desert, Calif., where the two artists pumped up the crowd with “Carnival,” Ty Dolla’s collaboration with Kanye West, Playboi Carti, and Rich The Kid. 

	For his concert in San Diego, Peso Pluma brought out Yng Lvcas to perform their hit collab “La Bebé (Remix).” The sensual reggaetón reached No. 1 on the Billboard Latin Airplay, Latin Rhythm Airplay, and Latin Digital Song Sales charts. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.