Hollywood’s latest big, splashy musical is getting torn apart online and the level of vitriol around it has stunned me – I am, of course, talking about Joker: Folie à Deux.
‘Worst movie I’ve ever seen’, several fans have griped on review aggregator site Rotten Tomatoes, while someone else slammed it as ‘a disgrace to the first one’s legacy’ and another branded it ‘a s***ty Disney on Ice musical’.
And herein lies one of the major problems fans have had with Joker 2: That it’s a musical – which was something its creatives were keen to dampen talk of in the run-up. 
After its first screening to critics at Venice Film Festival, leading actress Lady Gaga was first to address the rumours head on.
‘I wouldn’t necessarily say that this is actually a musical. In a lot of ways, it’s very different,’ she insisted to attendees at the movie’s press conference. ‘The way that music is used is to really give the characters a way to express what they need to say because the scene, and just the dialogue, is not enough.’
To hear this from a musical artist who definitely knows better than this was, in short, baffling. 
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
What she described is precisely how all musicals wield their emotional power: when it all gets to be a bit too much, an important moment happens or character development needs to be emphasised, bursting into song or a related dance number hits this home. 
But it’s almost as though Gaga wanted to anticipate the question and shut it down, lest there be any revulsion from fans.
It appears they foresaw this backlash and the problem that many of the original movie’s fans could have with Joker’s new format as 100% a show tune-blasting musical.
But I think the movie’s clearly been woefully misunderstood by some.
This distaste for musicals too likely stems from ‘modern’ opinions suggesting that movie musicals are corny and cheesy and something we should no longer indulge in. Or the assumption that cinema has ‘advanced’ beyond them in the past few decades.
Except, we quite clearly haven’t. If anything, we’ve been pushing forward into a new era of big-budget musicals for quite some time now.
In 2016, fans and the industry were more than happy to embrace La La Land, providing it with success and popularity to the tune of 14 Oscar nominations – the joint most for a film in history – and box office of $472 million (£355.8 million) from a production budget of around just $30m (£22.6m).
Then there was the cultural phenomenon of The Greatest Showman the following year, the fan support for which was compared to Titanic’s adoration back in 1997 after critics had all-but written off the movie, which went on to break records.
Less than two weeks’ ago a new film adaptation of Guys and Dolls, helmed by Chicago and Mary Poppins Returns director Rob Marshall, was announced.
The last time this Broadway musical classic was made into a movie was in 1955, at the height of the golden age of movie musicals and starring Frank Sinatra – there is clearly an appetite for musicals because they keep being made, even if the film industry seems cagey over talking about it openly.
It seems like this musical interpretation of Joker is a step too far though for many fans, despite how well it wrapped itself into the fibre of the first movie.
At this stage it’s practically being review bombed following the final wave of critics’ reactions that dragged it down from a fresh 63% to an embarrassing 33% on Rotten Tomatoes ahead of opening weekend.
Then CinemaScore revealed the opening night audience rating was a dismal D – the worst ever for a comic book movie, and rare regardless.
People are happy to stay away too because their friends have told them they didn’t care for it, rather than finding out for themselves. Apparently in 2024, we’ve decided not to reward risks in moviemaking and instead follow the crowd at best, or – at worst – pile on. It seems particularly mean-spirited somehow, not giving this film a proper chance.
Lots of the complaints are similar – that Folie à Deux ‘doesn’t have a good storyline’ or that ‘nothing happens in the musical numbers’. Respectfully, I think they’ve missed the point.
If people don’t love Joker 2, I didn’t think it would be because writer-director Todd Phillips went and made it a musical. It’s too well stylised and blended for that. 
Here, the musical numbers provide fascinating insight into the minds and moods of anti-hero Arthur Fleck, aka Joker (Joaquin Phoenix), as he awaits trial for murder, as well as his intense new friend Lee Quinzel (Gaga), whom he meets in Arkham.
These are not normal circumstances, and with both characters suffering from their own past traumas, it makes perfect sense to me that they would retreat into their own dreamscape with musical fantasies.
So therefore these musical numbers are crucial to both their character development and the journey of their relationship – whether it happens in the film’s ‘real-life Gotham’ or not.
Frankly, big fans of the first film should not really be surprised that Folie à Deux became a full blown musical anyway, given the reliance and special interest placed on soundtrack songs like Send in the Clowns and franchise lynchpin That’s Life in Joker.
All the sequel does is builds on those well established foundations by including a whole host of other classics from the Great American Songbook (and previous movie musicals) such as Get Happy, For Once in My Life, That’s Entertainment! and If My Friends Could See Me Now.
And when it comes to the film’s narrative, it is different from the first movie. It’s more constrained by its courtroom setting, and it’s a smaller story in some ways given that it focuses on the near-aftermath of Arthur’s killing spree. It’s more real too. 
But I know that its ending has also outraged the DC Comics purists, who have shared their anger in online forums over how widely it – and therefore the message and identity of the film – diverges from the Joker’s arc there.
We’ve had those more recognisable journeys onscreen already, though – why can’t Phillips and Phoenix present this bigger swing?
I was fortunate enough to see the film at Venice and form my own opinion without the distraction and noise of others – I wish it could be the same for everyone because then we might be looking at a markedly different reaction.
I urge fans to embrace Joker 2 and how it shows musicals can have all sorts of different tones and ideas and still work. 
Also, whether you like it or not, we’ve also got Wicked and the likes of Netflix’s intense crime-musical-comedy Emilia Pérez and Robbie Williams musical biopic Better Man (where he’s played by a CGI monkey) coming down the line.
So it’s probably time to give this genre a chance again.
Joker: Folie à Deux is in cinemas on Friday, October 4.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: ‘Offensive and shocking’ horror movie receives rare ban last used nearly 20 years ago
Arrow
MORE: Iconic actress is ‘unofficially’ back for 90s horror sequel despite character’s shock death
Arrow
MORE: Halle Berry horrified after discovering ‘shady plot’ against her on X-Men 3