The 'Reacher' star just threw his hat into the ring, and fans are here for it.
ALAN RITCHSON HAS already brought one iconic pop culture hero to life in Reacher, the Prime Video adaptation of Lee Child's bestselling Jack Reacher novels, and he is locked in to play that character for a good long time yet, with filming already underway on Season 3. But Ritchson, whose profile has rapidly ascended thanks to the show, already has his eye on a possible future role: Batman.
During a recent conversation on the Post Cred Podcast, Ritchson addressed the rumors that he is in the running to play Bruce Wayne in James Gunn and Peter Safran's rebooted version of the DC Universe, and revealed that he would "absolutely love" the opportunity to take on the mantle of the Caped Crusader.
"The fact that people are interested in me playing Batman is a real honor and privilege," he said. "It's one of the first characters I fell in love with as a child: I still remember the big, long pistol coming out of Joker's pants as he goes to shoot down the Batplane."
"Those iconic moments really resonated with me as a child. For there to even be a conversation or a rumor mill surrounding this role, for me… all I can do is laugh," he added. "I just think it’s wild that’s where we are. I would love to. I would absolutely love to."
Of course, Ritchson is no stranger to the world of DC comic book heroes. In The CW's longrunning Superman prequel series Smallville, he appeared as Arthur Curry, a.k.a. Aquaman, the seafaring superhero who would later be played by Jason Momoa. He has also played Hank Hall, a.k.a. Hawk, in Titans.
Robert Pattinson is already in line to return in The Batman 2 and Joaquin Phoenix's antihero sequel with Lady Gaga, Joker: Folie à Deux, has already been filmed, so it will be a while before we see who ends up being cast as the DC Universe's Batman. We do know that he is due to make his debut in The Brave and the Bold, a Batman-and-Robin team-up movie which as of right now has no set release date. Maybe he'll pop up in the upcoming Superman: Legacy in the meantime.
Philip Ellis is Sex & Relationships Editor at Men's Health, and author of the novels We Could Be Heroes and Love & Other Scams. His other work has appeared in Teen Vogue, British GQ, and The Independent.
The History Behind That ‘Thunderbolts*' Reveal
The Only Right Order to Watch the MCU Movies In 
10 Essential 'Thunderbolts' Comics for Marvel Fans
The ‘Thunderbolts*’ Credits Scenes, Explained
Yes, Joshua Jackson Is Really That Charming
The Best Star Wars Is Back With ‘Andor’ Season 2
‘The Studio’ Is 2025’s First Must-See Comedy
'Thunderbolts' Is a Throwback to Great MCU Movies
Exclusive First Look: Jensen Ackles's 'Countdown' 
The Story of the Coffee Beans in ‘The Last of Us'
‘The Last Of Us’ Jumps Forward for Season 2
Diego Luna Brings Andor Down to Earth
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazines, Inc. All Rights Reserved.