By
Em Casalena
The rain on Friday’s opening ceremony of the 2024 Summer Olympics in Paris added quite a bit of ambiance. However, the unexpected rainfall also caused a few issues for the performers at the massive event. 
Lady Gaga stole the show with her set during the four-hour-long Olympic event. And according to the 2024 Olympics’ choreographer, it almost didn’t happen because of the weather.
Lady Gaga performed a classy and exciting rendition of Zizi Jeanmaire’s “Mon Truc en Plumes”. However, some fans noticed that despite the obvious rain that had hit that area of Paris during the opening ceremony, Gaga and the accompanying performers during her set appeared very much dry.
Choreographer and dance head for the Olympics, Maud le Pladec, said that the lack of noticeable rain during Lady Gaga’s performance was intentional. The performance itself was actually taped ahead of time to avoid potential weather issues.
In a recent interview with Variety, Le Pladec said that the performance was recorded hours ahead of the Olympic athletes’ boat rides along the River Seine. This was done mainly for safety reasons, as the slickness created by the rain could easily create hazards on the giant stairs for Gaga and her accompanying dancers.
“Unfortunately, it was the only [performance] that, for safety reasons, we had to pre-record late in the afternoon, once we knew for sure that it was going to rain,” said Le Pladec. “We had minute-by-minute updates, we had never watched the weather forecast so closely in our lives.”
Gaga’s vocals were performed live during the recording. No lip-syncing here, folks! La Pladec also said that Gaga was present during the opening ceremony and watched her performance from her dressing room.
“We had to be extremely cautious,” La Pladec noted.
Gaga spoke fondly about being selected to perform during the Olympic opening ceremony. Ahead of the performance, she gushed about the honor via her X account.
“I am also humbled to be asked by the Olympics organizing committee to sing such a special French song,” said Gaga on X. “A song to honor the French people and their tremendous history of art, music, and theatre… I wanted nothing more than to create a performance that would warm the heart of France.”
Photo by CYRIL PECQUENARD/SIPA/Shutterstock 
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand