66 °F
There are lots of ways to commemorate Pride month in Houston, including fitness activities, parties, markets, brunches, parades, festivals and Pride nights at local professional sporting events.
Saturday marks the start of Pride month, which celebrates the LGBTQ+ community. And this year, for the first time, Houston is holding two Pride parades and festivals.
The June 22 parade and festival being hosted by Houston's New Faces of Pride, along with the June 29 events hosted by Pride Houston 365, are the signature events for the local nonprofit organizations. But they're both putting on a slate of other Pride-themed events throughout the month, some of which are family-friendly while others are tailored to adults.
There are lots of ways to commemorate Pride month in Houston, including fitness activities, parties, markets, brunches and Pride nights at local professional sporting events.
RELATED: Houston’s feuding Pride organizations planning two separate events for June 2024
Below is a rundown of Pride events, which kick off this weekend. Not included is the Families With Pride celebration that was scheduled for Saturday morning at Discovery Green, since it's been cancelled because of expected inclement weather.
HOUSTON PRIDE MONTH
MAY 31
Skate Sober | 5-9 p.m. at Lockwood Skating Palace, 3323 E. Lockwood Dr.
The first of several upcoming events hosted by Pride Houston 365, this family-friendly gathering in Northeast Houston will be alcohol-free. The main attraction is roller skating set to classic R&B music.
Tickets are $15 for ages 13 and older and can be purchased online. Children 12 and younger get in free.
JUNE 1
Fit & Fabulous – Pride Month Kick Off CrossFit Class | 8 a.m.-noon at CrossFit Be Someone, 1418 Roy St.
Houston's New Faces of Pride is kicking off a slate of events in June with hour-long fitness classes at CrossFit Be Someone in the Heights area. Professional coaches will be on hand for a warmup, full-body workout and cool-down.
Classes are scheduled for 8 a.m., 9:30 a.m. and 11 a.m. and cost $10. Participants can register online.
Harmony in Motion | 5-7 p.m. at The Ranch Houston, 4427 Fuqua St.
All ages and fitness levels are welcome at this yoga session organized by Pride Houston. Preceding the stretching and breathing exercises will be storytelling and camaraderie among attendees.
Admission is free for the first 50 participants to register on the event webpage. The cost is otherwise $10.
Queer Prom | 6 p.m. at Pearl Houston, 4216 Washington Ave.
This LBGTQ+ bar on Washington Avenue is starting Pride month with a prom night for Houstonians "who didn't get to attend or have the Prom we wanted." There will be best-dressed awards, a photo booth and raffle prizes.
Admission is free before 9 p.m., with a $5 cover charge afterward. Visit the bar's Instagram page for more information.
Y'all Means All! | 8-9:30 p.m. at Unity of Houston, 2929 Unity Dr.
Pride Chorus Houston, an LGBTQ+ singing group, is kicking off Pride Month with a two-stepping, country music-themed concert in the Uptown area. The event will highlight gay country musicians who have been trailblazers along with performers who have become icons in the LGBTQ+ community. Tunes from Orville Peck, Lil' Nas X, Dolly Parton and Chely Wright will be among the featured music.
Tickets start at $20 and can be purchased online.
JUNE 2
Pride Market and Kick-Off | 11 a.m. at Karbach Brewing Co., 2032 Karbach St.
A collection of local vendors, food trucks and DJs are expected to be on hand for this event at a northwest Houston brewery, in collaboration with Pride Houston. Games and contests, giveaways and performances are on tap, along with plenty of craft beer.
Admission is free for those who RSVP online. All ages are welcome.
JUNE 8
Hair Is Fun | noon at Northwest Educational Center, 2910 Antoine Dr.
Children ages 8-16 are invited to tap into their creativity and self-expression by learning how to be a barber in an affirming and supportive environment. Instructors will be on hand to help the young participants cut and style hair on mannequins.
More information about this free event from Pride Houston is available online. 
JUNE 9
Pride 5K Fun Run | 9 a.m.-noon at Frost Town Brewing, 100 N. Jackson St.
This downtown craft brewery is hosting a Pride-themed fun run to celebrate Houston's LGBTQ+ community. Beer sales after the run will benefit local LGBTQ+ charities.
Visit Frost Town's Instagram page for more information.
JUNE 12
Space Cowboys Pride Night | 7:05 p.m. at Constellation Field, 1 Stadium Dr. in Sugar Land
The Sugar Land Space Cowboys, the Triple-A affiliate of the Houston Astros, are celebrating Pride month in conjunction with Fort Bend County Pride and the Greater Houston LGBTQ+ Chamber of Commerce. There will be a dog parade before the 7:05 p.m. baseball game as well as an optional Drag Bingo event for an additional $10. It will be dollar hot dog night as well.
Tickets can be purchased online.
JUNE 15
Mocktails on Mocktails! | 1-5 p.m. at Z on 23 Rooftop Bar, 1121 Walker St.
Houston's New Faces of Pride is hosting this "mindful drinking soiree" at a rooftop bar downtown. There also will be live music.
More information about this free event is on the event webpage.
Pride Happy Hour with Pride Chorus Houston | 5-7 p.m. at Moody Center for the Arts, 6100 Main St.
Houston's LGBTQ+ singing group will be performing the music of Elton John, Lady Gaga and others during this free event at Rice University. Complimentary cocktails will be provided by Social Beer Garden, and attendees can see the "Baseera Khan: Weight on History" exhibition.
Visit the event webpage for more information. 
Celebrating Pride with the Dash | 8:30 p.m. at Shell Energy Stadium, 2200 Texas Ave.
The Houston Dash professional women's soccer team is honor the city's LGBTQ+ community during their game against Angel City FC. Early arriving fans will receive a Pride-inspired crossbody bag.
Tickets can be purchased online.
JUNE 16
Grand Marshal Day Party | 4 p.m. at KIKI Houston, 2409 Grant St.
There will be light bites and a cash bar at this free event in Montrose, which will honor the grand marshals for this year's June 29 parade being hosted by Pride Houston. All ages are welcome.
Visit the event webpage for more information.
JUNE 19
Juneteenth Summit | noon at Montrose Grace Place, 2515 Waugh Dr.
In celebration of Juneteenth, which celebrates the day enslaved people in Galveston were informed they had been freed, Pride Houston is hosting a panel discussion featuring Black leaders of local nonprofit organizations. All ages are welcome to the event, which is free to attend.
More information can be found online.
JUNE 22
Houston's New Faces of Pride Festival and Parade | noon-10 p.m. at Houston City Hall, 901 Bagby St.
The first of two Pride festivals and parades in Houston this year, and the first hosted by the new nonprofit organization, will feature live performances and hundreds of vendors. The festival starts at noon and the parade is scheduled for 7:30 p.m.
The parade is free to attend, and general admission for the festival is $3. VIP experiences also are available, starting at $150, and can be purchased online.
Soaked Pool Party | 3 p.m. at Heights House Hotel, 100 W. Cavalcade St.
Pride Houston is hosting this adults-only pool party that will feature food and drink specials, live entertainment, hookah, games and prizes. Hotel room discounts will be available for those who attend.
General admission tickets are $15 and can be purchased online. VIP experiences ranging from $350-$450 also are available.
Planet Pink! After Party | 9 p.m.-2 a.m. at POST Houston, 401 Franklin St.
Houston's New Faces of Pride is hosting this after party following its inaugural festival and parade, with DJ music on tap.
Tickets range from $20-$60 and be purchased online.
JUNE 23
6th Annual Pride Brunch | 11 a.m.-4 p.m. at The Heights Social, 1213 W. 20th St.
Houston's New Faces of Pride is hosting this annual fundraising brunch benefitting the Montrose Center. There will be DJ music, drag performances and craft cocktails and mocktails along with a chef-created brunch. The event is restricted to ages 21 and older.
Tickets start at $60 and can be purchased online.
JUNE 25
Dine With Pride | 5-8 p.m. at Via 313 Pizzeria, 10201 Katy Fwy. Ste. 350
Pride Houston is hosting this fundraising event at a Memorial City eatery that specializes in Detroit-style pizza, with 10% of all sales benefitting the nonprofit. Members of the organization will be on hand along with DJs and some swag for attendees.
Visit the event website for more information.
Astros Pride Night | 7:10 p.m. at Minute Maid Park, 501 Crawford St.
The Houston Astros are celebrating the city's LGBTQ+ community during their home game against the Colorado Rockies. There will be a special pregame ceremonies and a happy hour starting at 5 p.m. in the Michelob Ultra Club.
Tickets to the game, and a Pride Night Astros jersey for $30, can be purchased online. 
JUNE 26
Rock the Runway | 7 p.m. at Warehouse Live Midtown, 2600 Travis St.
Only adults are allowed at this colorful fashion show featuring LGBTQ+ designers and models. The annual event is hosted by Pride Houston.
General admission tickets cost $10, with a VIP experience available for $50. Tickets can be purchased online.
Eden Pride Houston Girl+ Party | 9 p.m. at Warehouse Live Midtown, 2600 Travis St.
Women take center stage at this adults-only event hosted by Pride Houston, although male-presenting and non-binary community members also are welcome.
Tickets can be purchased online. It's $10 for general admission, with VIP experiences ranging from $150-$200.
JUNE 29
Houston Pride Celebration Festival & Parade | 11 a.m. at Houston City Hall, 901 Bagby St.
Pride Houston's month-long slate of events culminates with an all-day festival followed by a nighttime parade downtown. The featured performers this year are K. Michelle, Kayla G., Brooke Eden and David Archuleta.
The parade is free to attend, and so is the festival for attendees who are younger than 21 and older than 55. General admission is $5 for ages 21-54, with a main stage experience available for $25 and VIP tickets for $225. Visit the event webpage for more information.
Celebrating Pride with the Dynamo | 7:30 p.m. at Shell Energy Stadium, 2200 Texas Ave.
The Houston Dynamo's home soccer game against Charlotte FC is serving as its Pride night. Ticket packages including a special Pride T-shirt start at $28.
Tickets can be purchased online.
Know more about Adam Zuvanich
More Articles by This Author
Houston Public Media is supported with your gifts to the Houston Public Media Foundation and is licensed to the University of Houston
© 2025 Houston Public Media