By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:56, 6 February 2024   |  Updated:  07:18, 6 February 2024   
 3
View  comments
Props from a Taylor Swift photoshoot for Glamour Magazine, a bathrobe worn by Madonna and a locked once owned by the late Amy Winehouse are set to be auctioned off later this month for charity by Julien's Auctions. 
On Monday, the auction house and the nonprofit organization Gibson Gives revealed a new lot of musical treasures set to be sold off February 27 at 10 a.m. PT titled Music Icons.
Julien's described the lot as 'a collection of over 100 items with a spotlight on the women who rock from Country Music royalty to the best-selling pop divas of our time,' as it also features items from icons such as Lady Gaga and Dolly Parton.
The items linked to Swift - a big winner at Sunday's Grammy Awards - are props used in a 'boho-inspired' 2014 photo shoot for Glamour Magazine in which the musical superstar sported 'a 70s-style fringe among a curated selection of vintage-style props, organizers said.
The pick of the lot from the Swift shoot is a 1991 Gibson Les Paul Studio Lite guitar, organizers said, which has a translucent cerulean blue finish with weight relieved Mahogany and chromyte body, and a maple top.
Props from a Taylor Swift photoshoot for Glamour Magazine are among a new lot of musical treasures set to be sold off February 27 titled Music Icons in a collaboration between the nonprofit organization Gibson Gives and Julien's Auctions 
The pick of the lot is a 1991 Gibson Les Paul Studio Lite guitar, which has a translucent cerulean blue finish with weight relieved Mahogany and chromyte body, and a maple top 
The musical instrument, which is accompanied by the original hard case and uncovered Gibson Humbucker pickups is estimated to sell for between $8,000-$12,000, organizers said.
Another retro item from the shoot is a circa 1979 Music Man 112 RD 50 amplifier featuring a corduroy tolex finish with a rubber handle amplifier, organizers said. It is expected to sell for between $1,000-$2,000.
Also included in the lot from the shoot is a wooden tambourine with a carved marking that reads 'MFB,' organizers said, which is estimated to sell for between $800- $1,200.
A Polaroid SX-70 Land camera, Model 2 is among the items in the Swift lot; it comes with an attached black shoulder strap, and is expected to sell for between $400-$600, organizers said.
Another vintage prop from the shoot is a steamer trunk featuring a hand-painted water lily design, which is expected to sell for between $1,000-$ 2,000.
A set of five bohemian style throw pillows with varying prints and fabrics is estimated to sell for between $800-$1,200.
Each of the items is accompanied by a copy of the March 2014 edition of Glamour with Swift on the cover.
Swift's popularity continues to rise to new heights, as she's a focal point of the media coverage of the upcoming Super Bowl on Sunday, with her boyfriend Travis Kelce's Chiefs taking on the San Francisco 49ers.
Another retro item from the shoot is a circa 1979 Music Man 112 RD 50 amplifier featuring a corduroy tolex finish with a rubber handle amplifier, organizers said. It is expected to sell for between $1,000-$2,000 
Swift, whose popularity continues to soar, covered the March 2014 edition of the magazine 
The Blank Space songstress was seen holding a pair of Polaroid photographs in the shoot 
Also included in the lot is a wooden tambourine with a carved marking that reads 'MFB'
The musical instrument is estimated to sell for between $800- $1,200, organizers said
A Polaroid SX-70 Land camera, Model 2 is among the items in the Swift lot; it comes with an attached black shoulder strap
The retro camera is expected to sell for between $400-$600
The Shake It Off singer was seen resting on a daybed during the photo shoot 
A set of five bohemian style throw pillows with varying prints and fabrics is estimated to sell for between $800-$1,200 
Another vintage prop from the shoot is a steamer trunk featuring a hand-painted water lily design, which is expected to sell for between $1,000-$2,000 
Madonna fans looking for a once-in-a-lifetime piece of memorabilia can bid on a silk robe she wore in the 1984 music video for her iconic track Material Girl, organizers said.
The item, which was made by The May Company, is burgundy with black and gold vertical stripes and a belt. It's estimated to sell for between $10,000-$20,000.
The lot also includes multiple items once owned by the late Amy Winehouse, who died at the age of 27 in 2011, and is set to be showcased in a forthcoming biopic titled Back To Black. 
One personal trinket Winehouse owned is a gold-tone hexagon locket engraved with the initials 'ARR' in a diamond shape, with a vertical and diagonal tri-color stripe design, according to organizers.
The locket - which is attached to a clasp and houses a photo of Winehouse's former husband Blake Fielder-Civil - is expected to sell for between $6,000-$8,000, organizers said.
Up for bids is a yellow sweater vest with cream-colored trim and the letters 'RL' stitched on the left chest area, which is expected to sell for between $300-$500. The item has moderate staining, according to organizers.
A 100 ml bottle of Neom Organics Restore organic bath oil the You Know I'm No Good once owned is also for sale, organizers said. 
The bath oil, made with jasmine, ginger, and sandalwood, is expected to sell for between $300-$500.
Madonna fans looking for a once-in-a-lifetime piece of memorabilia can bid on a silk robe she wore in the 1984 music video for her iconic track Material Girl 
The lot also includes multiple items once owned by the late Amy Winehouse, who died at the age of 27 in 2011. The Rehab artist was pictured in London in February of 2007 
Up for bids is a yellow sweater vest with cream-colored trim and the letters 'RL' stitched on the left chest area, which is expected to sell for between $300-$500 
A personal trinket Winehouse owned is a gold-tone hexagon locket engraved with the initials 'ARR' in a diamond shape, with a vertical and diagonal tri-color stripe design 
A jade green polyester ensemble Dolly Parton wore onstage in 1974 in Arlington, Texas; and on the cover of her 1978 record In the Beginning, is among the items for sale 
The ensemble Parton once wore consists of a fitted bodice, bell sleeves, fitted waist and peplum, along with a pair of fitted bell-bottom trousers 
An RVDK blue coat dress Lady Gaga wore onstage February 27, 2016 during an outdoor show alongside Elton John at the West Hollywood, California Tower Records location is being offered in the lot, according to organizers 
The Born This Way singer wore the garment in a duet with Elton John - performing his classic single Don't Let the Sun Go Down On Me - in the parking lot of the since-shuttered record store 
One item organizers predict will be among the most valued in the auction - with an expected sale price of $20,000-$30,000 - is a custom-made jade green polyester ensemble Dolly Parton wore onstage in 1974 during an event in Arlington, Texas; and on the cover of her 1978 record In the Beginning.
The ensemble consists of a fitted bodice, bell sleeves, fitted waist and peplum, along with a pair of fitted bell-bottom trousers.
The outfit is generously embellished with color iridescent glass and brass-tone studs, according to organizers, and has a label that reads, 'Exclusive Design for Dolly Parton.'
An RVDK blue coat dress Lady Gaga wore onstage February 27, 2016 during an outdoor show alongside Elton John at the West Hollywood, California Tower Records location is being offered in the lot, according to organizers.
The Born This Way singer wore the garment in a duet with John - performing his classic single Don't Let the Sun Go Down On Me - in the parking lot of the since-shuttered record store.
The item comes with a framed sketch of Lady Gaga wearing the coat dress, signed by fashion designer Ronald van der Kemp, and with handwritten styling notes, organizers said. It is estimated to sell for between $7,000-$9,000.
The lot also includes multiple items from prominent male artists, according to organizers, with unique memorabilia linked to icons such as Bob Dylan and Mick Fleetwood, as well as late legends including Frank Sinatra, Johnny Cash and Chris Cornell; as well as bands such as The Beatles, The Rolling Stones and Nirvana. 
One such item, that will be of interest to both music and sports collectors, is a baseball singed by all four Beatles: Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, and the late George Harrison and John Lennon, organizers said.
The Spalding baseball, signed by the band members during their August 29, 1966 at Candlestick Park in San Francisco, California, is expected to sell for between $50,000-$70,000. It had been signed for the Giants' clubhouse assistant manager Mike Murphy, according to organizers.
One item will be of interest to both music and sports collectors, is a baseball singed by all four Beatles: Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, and the late George Harrison and John Lennon, organizers said 
Gibson Gives, which was founded 22 years ago, said in its mission statement that its 'committed to to introduce, inspire, and amplify the power of music through guitars across all generations, genres, and genders.'
The organization, which is the charitable arm of the Gibson guitars brand, said it's focused on 'making the world a better place by supporting non-profit organizations and developing programs to advance musicians through music education and health and wellness initiatives worldwide.'
Julien's Auctions cofounder and executive director Martin Nolan said Monday in a statement that the organization 'is celebrating the power of music by the most iconic artists the world has ever known with front and center iconic items from the fiercest female rockers from Dolly Parton to Taylor Swift to Amy Winehouse and Madonna.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group