Mother’s Day – also called Mothering Sunday – takes place this weekend (Sunday, March 10) here in the UK – we hope you haven’t forgotten!
Hopefully, you’ve already prepared a heartfelt card or gift, a bouquet of flowers, perhaps something handmade, something delicious or even something luxurious.
You may also want to send a sweet poem, greeting or quote by phone, text or social media this morning – whether you’re meeting up later or are unable to get together in person. 
Make your mum, or another maternal figure in your life, feel special with one of these thoughtful Mother’s Day messages…
Wishing you a calm and relaxing Mother’s Day, because you deserve it.
Thank you for everything you do for me, every act of love and kindness you’ve ever shown me.
To the best mum in the world, wishing you a very happy Mother’s Day. 
Thank you for being such a positive inspiration and influence on my life. I love you.
Mum, I wish we could be together this Mother’s Day. Miss you and can’t wait to celebrate with you soon. Hope you have a wonderful day.
I smile because I’m your child, I laugh because there’s nothing you can do about it! 
Thanks for always looking after me and looking out for me. You’re the best.
Happy Mother’s Day to the most wonderful mum anyone could ever ask for.
‘To-day’s your natal day;Sweet flowers I bring:Mother, accept, I prayMy offering.
And may you happy live,And long us bless;Receiving as you giveGreat happiness.’
‘Here is a thing my heart wishes the world had more of:I heard it in the air of one night when I listened To a mother singing softly to a child restless and angry in the darkness.’
‘If life were without water, where would we be?If life were without mothers,There would be no you or me.We all need to take hold, of how precious life really is, and not take for granted the gift of love and the ability to give.Thank you to God for creating us allFor giving us our mothersSo we can stand proud and tall.Humans are no accident, no mistake or errorWe sometimes live our lives in fear of this,Even to the point of terror.But when the truth is told, and recognised by all, God does not create rubbish.He knew what he was doing when he created me and you, but the best gift of all, is giving us loving, caring Mothers who love us unconditionally through and through.None of us are perfect, that includes ourselves and family.Hold onto how precious we are and thank God for our mothers.Amen.’ 
(via 100 Best Poems)
‘Because I feel that, in the Heavens above,The angels, whispering to one another,Can find, among their burning terms of love,None so devotional as that of “Mother,”Therefore by that dear name I long have called you—You who are more than mother unto me.’
‘Your love was like moonlightturning harsh things to beauty,so that little wry soulsreflecting each other obliquelyas in cracked mirrors . . .beheld in your luminous spirittheir own reflection,transfigured as in a shining stream,and loved you for what they are not.’
‘A little girl, asked where her home was, replied, “where mother is”.’ – Keith L. Brooks
‘Biology is the least of what makes someone a mother.’ – Oprah Winfrey
‘All I am I owe to my mother.’ – George Washington
‘I remember my mother’s prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life.’ – Abraham Lincoln
‘Mothers are like glue. Even when you can’t see them, they’re still holding the family together.’ – Susan Gale
‘Acceptance, tolerance, bravery, compassion. These are the things my mom taught me.’ – Lady Gaga
‘A man loves his sweetheart the most, his wife the best, but his mother the longest.’ – Irish Proverb
‘A mother is a person who seeing there are only four pieces of pie for five people, promptly announces she never did care for pie.’ —Tenneva Jordan
‘Mothers hold their children’s hands for a short while, but their hearts forever.’ – Anon
‘A mother is not a person to lean on, but a person to make leaning unnecessary.’ —Dorothy Canfield Fisher
‘A mother’s arms are more comforting than anyone else’s.’ – Diana, Princess of Wales
‘To describe my mother would be to write about a hurricane in its perfect power. Or the climbing, falling colours of a rainbow.’ – Maya Angelou
‘We are born of love. Love is our mother.’ – Rumi
‘Life began with waking up and loving my mother’s face.’ – George Eliot
Follow Metro across our social channels, on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram
Share your views in the comments below
Arrow
MORE: ‘Game changer for Rosacea’ – Shoppers thank serum for ‘transforming skin for the better’
Arrow
MORE: I was told I’d probably wet myself if I tried to exercise as a new mum
Arrow
MORE: I’m struggling with infertility while my friends are celebrating pregnancies
Your free email guide to the best London has on offer, from drinks deals to restaurant reviews.

			Enter your postcode so we can deliver content close to you			
Close 


			Content is 18+			
Close 

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Your free email guide to the best London has on offer, from drinks deals to restaurant reviews.

			Enter your postcode so we can deliver content close to you			
Close 


			Content is 18+			
Close 

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy