Kayla is an entertainment journalist with an expertise in all things pop culture, social media packaging, and search engine optimization. Her work has been featured on/in Biography.com, Ranker, Tiger Beat, and Daily Mail.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Liza Minnelli wants Hollywood to prepare themselves for her upcoming memoir.
The 78-year-old was "mad as hell" at recent portrayals of herself and her family, the entertainment icon recently told People — which led to the announcement about her tell-all, which will be called, Kids, Wait 'Til You Hear This. She has enlisted Los Angeles Times alum Josh Getlin as well as Pulitzer Prize winner Heidi Evans.
The memoir — which is set to release via Grand Central Publishing in spring 2026 — will look at Minnelli's life from her childhood, growing up as the daughter of the iconic Judy Garland, to her rise to fame, her marriages, and her battle with substance abuse.
"Since I was old enough to put pencil to paper, people asked me to write books about my career," Minnelli said in a statement shared with People. Her initial response was, "Absolutely not! Tell it when I'm gone."
However, "a series of unfortunate events" — including Garland's portrayal in the 2019 film Judy, starring Renée Zellweger, and Minnelli's infamous appearance with Lady Gaga at the 2022 Oscars — have led her to change her mind.
She called that appearance "sabotaged," and also complained about "a film with twisted half-truths," and "a recent miniseries that just didn't get it right... All made by people who didn't know my family, and don't really know me." The Oscar winner decided "over dinner one night," that "it's my own damn story... I'm gonna share it with you because of all of the love you've given me."
The Arrested Development actress also included her longtime friend and collaborator Michael Feinstein, who will help to "highlight Minnelli's most significant contributions to the American Lexicon." The audio edition of Minnelli's book will also include never-before-heard audio recordings from her life.
A post shared by Liza Minnelli (@officiallizaminnelli)
Speaking of Feinstein, Minnelli gushed, "We've been joined at the hip for 40 years. As Ambassador of the Great American Songbook and my absolute favorite collaborator. Michael's one of the greats, he's razor-sharp, and he tells the truth." She depends on Feinstein for his truth, as she says that "memories differ" as she heads towards her 80s.
She also had a special message for fans who have been worried about her. "I'm still here, still kicking a**," she said, adding, "So, until this book arrives, know that I'm laughing, safe in every way, surrounded by loved ones, and excited to see what's right around the curve of life."
Kayla is an entertainment journalist with an expertise in all things pop culture, social media packaging, and search engine optimization. Her work has been featured on/in Biography.com, Ranker, Tiger Beat, and Daily Mail.
Kayla is an entertainment journalist with an expertise in all things pop culture, social media packaging, and search engine optimization. Her work has been featured on/in Biography.com, Ranker, Tiger Beat, and Daily Mail.
Kayla is an entertainment journalist with an expertise in all things pop culture, social media packaging, and search engine optimization.                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC