He's one of Hollywood's biggest names and has bagged another Oscar nomination for his role as Leonard Bernstein in his self-directed biopic, Maestro.  
With the 2024 Academy Awards just around the corner, Bradley Cooper is no doubt feeling hopeful that the Netflix movie will secure wins in the Best Picture and Best Original Screenplay categories, as well as winning him Best Actor for his role as the iconic composer.
The star and his ex-partner, supermodel Irina Shayk, welcomed their daughter, Lea de Seine, back in 2017 but called time on their relationship two years later. However, the former couple have been spotted putting their differences aside and showing how to co-parent like professionals for the sake of their six-year-old.
And although Bradley might have a new woman in his life (Gigi Hadid, in case you missed it), it's clear the actor puts his daughter first. Here's more about their adorable father-daughter closeness…
In the years that Bradley has been a dad, he has been spotted out with Lea a handful of times taking her to school, to Halloween parties or simply out and about running everyday errands.
Perhaps the most notable joint appearance came recently while Bradley was embarking on a press tour for his much-discussed biopic.
While attending the glitzy Los Angeles premiere for Maestro, the doting dad-of-one brought along Lea to make her first official red carpet appearance.
The pair looked super cute as they walked the carpet hand in hand, and we love the photo of little Lea high-fiving her famous dad.
Bradley looked proud as ever as he and his daughter smiled for the cameras. The actor was dressed impeccably as ever in a tailored navy three-piece suit, while the six-year-old looked adorable in a leopard print dress with a cute cross-body bag.
MORE: Bradley Cooper rushes offstage to attend to urgent matter for six-year-old daughter Lea
MORE: Bradley Cooper credits daughter Lea for keeping him alive despite struggle to bond after her birth 
Most recently, Bradley appeared on an episode of the Armchair Expert with Dax Shephard in which he discussed his career and his personal life. The Hangover star even credited his daughter for keeping him alive.
He explained that he's been sober for 19 years but admitted that he's "not sure" he'd still be alive if he hadn't become a father. "I don't know what would have happened. I am not sure," Bradley said.
He continued: "I just needed someone to say, like, 'We're gonna drop this massive anchor'. I'm like, 'Why? We're speeding! I just got an upgrade on the boat, and I know where the wind's coming in.'
"They're like, 'No, no, no, there's a tsunami coming in, and you need an anchor and we're gonna drop it. Because this is gonna dictate everything you do from now on. Your DNA is going to tell you that there's something more important than you.'"
Bradley also said: "I'm a father [seeking to do] the least amount of damage I can do to my daughter. To have a child not grow up in that way… I want her to have, as much as she can, a foundation that's like 25 feet thick, cement, that she can walk on this earth with. That's the goal."
Meanwhile, Bradley and Irina have both opened up about how they find life as parents. The Oscar-nominee told NPR back in 2018: "Having a child and having a family of my own — which is a miracle and something I've always dreamt of — has opened me up even more to the day, and to be present. I just always want [Lea] to feel loved."
The year after, he told Oprah Winfrey that his daughter often reminds him of his late father, Charles. "Our daughter, she's incredible. 
"And I see my father in her quite often. I can't believe I'm going to admit this, but I had moments when I was in the room with her, I would say, 'Dad?' There are some moments where she looks just like my father. I watch too many movies."
In an interview with ELLE just last November, Irina opened up a little about their co-parenting dynamic. "He's the best father Lea and I could dream of. It always works, but it always works because we make it work."
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information, please click here.