Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 4)
Get real!  They do NOT need to bring back the Blue Ribbon Panel.  Pure delusion.  That is the same committee that set-up the Folklore win.
Billie’s album isn’t even released yet, and y’all are already predicting her to win. She must be so very much privileged cos I remember she wins the general field with flop/mid songs that didn’t chart so high. Others must make it to #1 and stay in the top ten for ten weeks before they can be taken seriously on this board. Lucky Billie
Mayhem
Sabrina Carpenter’s Espresso looks like something that Doja Cat discarded from her album. No way that will last until the end of the year, let alone a nomination.
About the The Tortured Poets Department, the topic probably has been exhaustively talked here, but here it is my thoughts.
I don’t think is bad, but surely it is quite plain, repeated melodies, unnecessarily long and clearly shows Swift-Antonoff formula has saturated.
I hope it does not win AOTY. To be honest it’s kind sad (or embarrasing?) how she keeps winning and yet she’s never a consensus. Also she will never have the status of a legend as many other artists with a bit less successful career have (saying that as an European, maybe in the US she’s that big deal).
 she keeps winning and yet she’s never a consensus. 
with whom, goldderby forum posters?
Clearly she is a consensus with people in the actual music industry, which is more important.
They need to bring back the Blue Ribbon Panel. It’s getting crazy. We already know 5/8 of the AOTY lineup just based off who is eligible. The fun of predicting the Grammys are gone. AOTY: 1. Taylor Swift – Tortured Poets Dept 2. Beyoncé – Cowboy Carter 3. Billie Eilish – Hit Me Hard and Soft 4. Harry Styles – TBD 5. Ariana Grande – Eternal Sunshine 6. Kacey Musgraves – Deeper Well 7. Kendrick Lamar – TBD 8. Lana Del Rey – TBD 
Lana won’t be eligible unless she moves the release date from September to August.
 with whom, goldderby forum posters? Clearly she is a consensus with people in the actual music industry, which is more important. 
Cut the bullshit. Every time she wins there’s tons of backlash. It’s normal to have a discussion about someone that may have been more deserving, but c’mon, Midnights as AOTY? Pathetic.
Cut the bullshit. Every time she wins there’s tons of backlash. It’s normal to have a discussion about someone that may have been more deserving, but c’mon, Midnights as AOTY? Pathetic.
what backlash? Twitter geighs and clownderby? 
Congratulations to 4 Time Grammy Album of the Year Winner Taylor Swift!!!
Hmm
harry’s house – “how dare he beat Renaissance!”
we are – “who?!!”
24k magic – “how dare he beat damn!”
25 – “how dare she beat lemonade!”
morning phase – “how dare he beat Beyonce!”
twitter melting down isn’t really exclusive to her. though I saw less meltdowns over Folklore than any of the above.
billie and kacey being first time female winners cushioned them from too much backlash, though vampire weekend/ari/Lana & Janelle/cardi/drake fans had some grumblings. if billie beats cowboy Carter, there will def be meltdowns.
If I never see the word “backlash” in these forums again, that would be wonderful.
The blue ribbon panel could have worked had it been tweaked. If there were 8 nominees per the general field categories and the top five popular vote getters were in automatically. Then the panel would be responsible for the other 3 spots, choosing from the rest of the top 20 vote-getters. Being able to block something that was top three based on the popular vote was always absurd. They just had too much power.
Is Chappell Roan eligible for Album of the Year? 
Congratulations to 4 Time Grammy Album of the Year Winner Taylor Swift!!!
Is Chappell Roan eligible for Album of the Year? 
Yes because her debut album “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess” was released September 23, 2023.
Migs
Cut the bullshit. Every time she wins there’s tons of backlash. It’s normal to have a discussion about someone that may have been more deserving, but c’mon, Midnights as AOTY? Pathetic.
Petition to ban the word backlash on these forums. 
You have no idea what it means. Also, no idea how the grammys work. Voters couldn’t care less about this hypothetical “backlash” you people come up with every season.
 what backlash? Twitter geighs and clownderby? 
No lol but everywhere, the news, tik tok, social media, etc. Don’t act like you don’t know it
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 4)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media