For some celebrities, the past year has been all about diamonds.
Just look at Lady Gaga, Selena Gomez, and Emma Roberts. They're just a handful of the Hollywood stars who recently got engaged and showed off their massive rings in 2024.
Here's a look at their stunning new jewelry pieces and some other luxurious engagement rings out there.
The "Joker: Folie à Deux" star got engaged in April and began wearing her engagement ring publicly in September. It was one of her main accessories while promoting the DC Comics movie at the Venice Film Festival.
The statement piece features an oval-shaped stone atop a raised, diamond-encrusted band.
When Gomez released her 2015 album "Revival," she sang the line "I'm a marquise diamond" on a single called "Good For You."
Nearly 10 years later, the Rare Beauty founder has that exact stone on her ring finger.
Gomez revealed her diamond engagement ring from her now-fiancé, Benny Blanco, in a December Instagram post.
The large diamond is on a gold pavé band decorated with smaller diamonds.
Jackson revealed her engagement in December with an Instagram post celebrating her fiancé's birthday. She also later shared photos of her ring on her Instagram Story.
Designed by Jean Dousset, the piece of jewelry features a lab-grown, emerald-cut stone that's crystal clear. It sits atop a thin, diamond-encrusted band.
Vogue reported that "The Vampire Diaries" star was told in late October that she'd been invited to dinner with the publication's editor in chief Anna Wintour.
She dressed for the occasion and arrived a few minutes late — but quickly realized that she was actually attending her surprise proposal.
White got down on one knee that night and presented her with a Lorraine Schwartz ring.
It features a five-carat, pear-shaped diamond that's completely clear atop a gold band.
The actor flashed her sparkling ring — a four-carat creation from Stephanie Gottlieb Fine Jewelry — on the "Beetlejuice Beetlejuice" red carpet at the Venice Film Festival.
Theroux asked for her hand in marriage while in Italy for the event, according to People.
The publication also reported that the large diamond was set in a platinum and 18-carat yellow-gold band that had Bloom's and Theroux's birthstones hidden inside.
The author and political staffer had her ring on display while speaking at the Forbes 50 Over 50 event in New York City in October.
Its massive emerald-cut diamond sat atop a thick, dazzling band crafted with smaller stones.
She and her fiancé, Alex Soros, the heir to George Soros' multibillion-dollar fortune, previously announced their engagement in July.
Serratos, who previously starred in "The Walking Dead" and "Twilight," became engaged to musician David Boyd in August and shared close-up shots of her ring on Instagram.
Her custom Brilliant Earth design features a vibrant red band, rose-gold prongs, and a pink, pear-shaped diamond.
People reported that the latter piece is over 11.66 carats.
The actor first announced her engagement to actor Cody John with an Instagram post in July.
However, it wasn't until a few weeks later that the "American Horror Story" star posted a closer shot of the dazzling jewelry piece she received that day.
Her vintage-looking ring has a large, round stone set on a striped gold band.
Jump to