“American Idol,” the iconic series that revolutionized the television landscape by pioneering the music competition genre, has returned to airwaves for another season on ABC. Helping determine who America will ultimately vote for to become the next singing sensation are music industry forces and superstar judges Luke Bryan, Katy Perry and Lionel Richie. Emmy Award-winning host and producer Ryan Seacrest returns to the beloved competition series for the show’s seventh season on ABC and 22nd overall.
Tonight we continue the nationwide search across Los Angeles, Nashville, and the judges’ very own hometowns to find the next idol. The aspiring stars will sing their hearts out in hopes of earning a golden ticket to Hollywood. Will the next American Idol be among tonight's auditions? Read our full recap of Season 22 Episode 2, airing February 25 (8:00 - 10:00 p.m. ET/PT on ABC), below.
SEE 'American Idol' shakeup: Katy Perry leaving after 7 seasons
8:00 p.m. -- Previously on "American Idol"! Auditions kicked off on the season premiere. Throughout the two hour episode we saw 10 contestants earn golden tickets to Hollywood. Odell Bunton Jr., a 28-year old from Austin, Texas took home this season's first Platinum Ticket, allowing him to skip the first round of Hollywood Week. Let's continue the auditions!
8:05 p.m. -- First up tonight is a 16-year-old from Clifton, New Jersey named Hailey Mia. She's singing Katy's very own hit, "Rise," so no pressure there! The purity and clarity in her voice quickly brings a smile to Luke's face. This young woman has some power as well! Katy calls the audition "inspiring" and has chills "even where I've been botoxed." Luke says it's his favorite audition thus far. Lionel agrees with Luke. Hailey is headed to Hollywood!
8:15 p.m. -- Next is Dawson Slade, a 17-year-old farm hand and father from Moulton, Alabama. He sings "I Hope You Dance" by Lee Ann Womack, and Katy appreciates the timbre of his voice, but she wants him to "attack." Luke calls it "calm and safe." Lionel thinks the youngster needs more time and says "No." Luke is hearing "songwriter vibes," but Dawson doesn't scream "artist vibe" yet. Dawson tries another song, "Somebody Else Will" by Justin Moore. Katy gives it more thought and say, "Yes." Luke stamps Dawson's ticket to Hollywood.
8:25 p.m. -- Next to audition is Nya, a 27-year-old Broadway performer from New York who brings a lot of energy to the room, proclaiming, "I'm a superstar!" She says she's a singer, actor, dancer and musician who is ready to take this competition by storm. The aspiring artist born in Kenya and raised in Florida sings "Wait a Minute!" by Willow Smith. I don't know about this song choice, but the judges seem to be loving it. Luke now calls THIS his favorite audition so far, impressed that she doesn't sound like a Broadway singer. Lionel says Nya has "effortless control" and "the goods to go all the way." Katy kneels down and holds a fan in front of Nya, blowing the singer's hair in the wind to put her in full diva mode. It's an enthusiastic YES to send Nya to Hollywood.
8:3o p.m. -- There's no better way to make an impression than riding a unicycle into your audition while strumming a cello. That's exactly what Colescott Rubin, a 27-year-old from Portland, Oregon did. The entertainer and circus musician sings an original he wrote called "My Peanut Butter Baby." I have to admit, this is entertaining, but is it worthy of a spot on "American Idol"? No, and Katy puts it best, stating, "It's a no for 'Idol,' a yes for life!"
8:35 p.m. -- Roman Collins is a 24-year-old worship leader, car cleaner and musician from Long Beach, California. He sings "Living for the City" by Stevie Wonder. There's a rich, gravely sound to his voice and Roman sings with a lot of soul. He sings like someone raised in the church, fueling the performance with runs and a little hollering. Luke likes Roman's voice, but he loves his vibe. Katy enjoyed how Roman surprised her with the direction he took the song. Lionel says he's "a light and a vibe," and if Roman can navigate the various genres necessary to compete, he will be fun to watch. We'll be seeing more of Roman in Hollywood!
8:50 p.m. -- After a quick montage of "No's" that includes Johnny Majestic, Derric Gobourne, Jr. and Shriya Jha, the judges hope Noah Peters, a 24-year-old singing barber from Charleston, Tennessee can turn things around. He performs "I Won't Let Go" by Rascal Flatts and gives the judges what they've been wanting. Next, they bring out 2023 finalist Colin Stough for a haircut from Noah so they can see the hopeful in his natural environment. Noah and Colin sing a duet of "Broken Halos" by Chris Stapleton while last year's third-place finisher gets a trim. Katy tells Noah not to "overthink" his performances, but thinks he has potential. Lionel says he has a "fantastic" quality to his voice. He's heading to Hollywood!
9:00 p.m. -- Closing out this first hour of auditions is Emmy Russell, a 24-year-old songwriter from Nashville, Tennessee. She humbly name drops that country legend Loretta Lynn happens to be her grandmother. Emmy sings "Skinny," an original song she wrote about an eating disorder. Katy calls her an "A+ songwriter." The judge encourages Emmy not to compare herself to her grandma, because she's a totally different artist. Lionel likes Emmy's promise. Luke wants Emmy to "own it," but it's a big YES to send Emmy to Hollywood.
9:10 p.m. -- The second hour kicks off with a bang as Ziggy, a blue-and-pink-haired force enters the audition stage ready for his close-up. The 22-year-old finished in seventh place on "Dutch Idol," but thinks America is where his flower can truly bloom. He admits people in the Netherlands don't particularly like him and call him a "cotton candy who can't do anything." Ziggy sings "Million Reasons" by Lady Gaga. Lionel tells him, "God gave you a gift," and wants people in America to know who he is. Luke calls it "one of the best performances of the day." We'll be seeing Ziggy where he belongs...in Hollywood!
9:20 p.m. -- Justice Murphy is a 21-year-old Alabama State student who sings in church every Sunday. The Forrest City, Arkansas native is singing Fantasia's version of "Summertime," and the girl has chops! I know the judges have called various auditions THEIR favorites of the year so far, but this is mine. What a voice! Katy says she could see Justice's "star personality" as soon as she walked in. Katy thinks she's a little "jazz-handy," but has all the fundamentals to build something magnificent. Lionel says she had control and confidence "from the first note." This is a "big time yes" from the judges. After she leaves the room Lionel comments, "Wow! I'm so in love with her."
9:35 p.m. -- KB is a 20-year-old from Henefer, Utah. She's always wanted to audition, but never had the confidence until now. She sings "Something in the Orange" by Zach Bryan. Luke says he got a "full body wave of chills" from the first note. Katy calls her unique tone "very special." Lionel loves what he did. KB is heading to Hollywood!
9:45 p.m. -- Jon Lindsley, a 29-year-old saw mill operator from Waco, Texas rocks out "Shouts, Pts. 1 & 2" by The Isley Brothers to no avail before we move onto something more serious. Abby Blake is a 25-year-old bar singer from Nashville. She's performing "What About Us" by Pink. Lionel likes her "edge" and calls it "short, sweet and to the point." Katy would like her to draw the chorus out more and "wasn't exactly sold." Katy says "no," but Luke and Lionel give Abby a pass to Hollywood. But wait! Katy wants to hear Abby's piano player sing as well. We've seen supporters overshadow their friends before. Will it happen this time? Sam "Kayko" Kelly-Cohen is 23 and sings his original song, "Time of Your Life." They invite Sam to Hollywood as well!
10:00 p.m. -- Tonight's final audition is Abi Carter, a 21-year-old from Indio, California. She's one of seven children and comes from a religious family. Abi puts her own spin on "What Was I Made For?" by Billie Eilish. She sits at the piano and belts it out with a wonderfully angelic voice. The judges give Abi a standing ovation and Lionel says, "We don't have to vote." Katy asks, "What were you made for? You were made for this." Luke says, "That may be the winner of 'American Idol.'" One week later as Abi performs in Palm Springs, the judges surprise her by upgrading Abi's gold ticket to PLATINUM, meaning she'll skip the first round at Hollywood Week. And that's a wrap for this week's auditions!
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify Hollywood chiefs and stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where 5,000 showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
To sum up this season, even after 2 episodes…….ZZZZZZZZZZZZZ!!!!
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media