On Friday, both Celine Dion and Lady Gaga performed for the 2024 Olympics Opening Ceremony in Paris, France. Before the event, TMZ reported Dion would “be paid handsomely,” receiving $2 million for just “one song” and that the Olympics would be paying for travel and her other expenses, with a source claiming, “They're paying a ton of money. Ridiculous amount.”
But a spokesperson refuted the claim to Page Six, stating, “Contrary to some media reports, the performers at the Paris 2024 Games ceremonies will not receive a fee for their performance. Their decision to perform under these conditions reflects their desire to be part of a historic event for France and for the world of sports.”
The event does pay for “technical production” and “costs for the performances, as is customary.”
With these statements, fans are wondering why two such huge stars would agree to perform for free. One answer, according to Cosmopolitan, is that they do receive money indirectly. Massive shows like the Olympics Opening Ceremony and the NFL Super Bowl Halftime show increase revenue for artists with a massive boost in sales and streams. 
Celine Dion has performed at the Olympic Games before in 1996, singing “The Power of the Dream. ” At that time, it was watched by 3.5 billion people. This year, she seemed honored to be performing and gushed about being in France in particular in a post on X.
“I’m honored to have performed tonight, for the Paris 2024 Opening Ceremony, and so full of joy to be back in one of my very favorite cities!” she wrote. “Most of all, I’m so happy to be celebrating these amazing athletes, with all their stories of sacrifice and determination, pain and perseverance. All of you have been so focused on your dream, and whether or not you take home a medal, I hope that being here means that it has come true for you!  You should all be so proud, we know how hard you have worked to be the best of the best. Stay focused, keep going, my heart is with you! - Celine xx…” 
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.