Ahead of her big win at this year's National Television Awards (NTAs), Stacey Solomon shared sneak peeks into her pre-award show regime, which included the beauty help of her young daughter, Belle. While Stacey didn't do an in-depth haul of the products she used to achieve her glamorous look, the keen-eyed fans may have spotted an iconic foundation in Stacey's NTA makeup kit.
The foundation that appeared is none other than the Haus Labs Foundation, and it's currently up for grabs at Sephora. It boasts over 20 skincare products in the formula, including targetted ingredients ideal for combatting redness and boasting anti-ageing properties.
If you want to get your hands on the foundation that Stacey used to achieve her award-ready look, you might want to get moving. The skincare-infused best-seller isn't just loved by the television presenter, it's so popular that it's selling quickly, so you might want to hurry to grab yours before it's gone.
READ MORE: ‘This new foundation is the only one that doesn’t settle in my pores – it’s a must for problem skin’
READ MORE: Charlotte Tilbury’s 2024 advent is now live – here’s how to be one of the first to buy it
In her pre-NTA Instagram story, Stacey showed an adorable video of her young daughter helping her get ready. And as heartwarming as it is, what caught our attention was the Haus Labs foundation that features in the footage. The makeup-marvel hailed as "the best foundation I've ever used" by 5-star reviewers, is currently retailing from Sephora for a cool £42.
Coming in a whopping 45 shades, the Triclone Skin Tech Medium Coverage Foundation by Lady Gaga is one to beat if you're looking for the perfect product to combine your skincare regime and everyday makeup look. Featuring over 20 skincare ingredients like fermented arnica, hyaluronic acid and glycerin, this foundation promises to combat redness, and visible signs of ageing as well as rejuvenate dry skin - making it an ideal pick as we head into the colder seasons.
Set to give you a luminous and weightless finish, this medium coverage foundation is the perfect everyday go-to, enhancing your natural beauty while evening your skin tone. The serum-like formula promises to blur your complexion and last for hours, so it can seamlessly carry from day to night.
The Haus Labs icon isn't just a favourite of Stacey Solomon, fans of the beauty product have been leaving rave reviews like: "I have tried numerous foundations throughout the year, from high-end to drugstore and Haus Labs have truly hit the nail on the head. The shade range is amazing, as someone of a deeper shade this brand knows how to cater to ALL. The product feels like skin and stays stuck !!! I would highly recommend giving it a go, and truly believe you can make a shade above or below work for you."
While another writes: "I've used a variety of different foundations over the years and this is by far the best one. It gives off a dewy look without looking greasy and blends seamlessly into the skin."
And a yet another reviewer says: "I have combination skin that's very easily dehydrated, so I find sometimes foundations can look cakey or powdery on my skin - but this one really doesn't. It has good coverage (I use this when my skin's not looking great), but it still leaves my skin looking healthy and slightly dewy. And it wears pretty well throughout the day for me too."
Though selling fast from Sephora, you can also nab a bottle of Stacey Solomon's NTA-ready foundation directly from Haus Labs for the same price of £42 where all shades are still available.
If you're looking for an alternative, budget-friendly option, check out IT Cosmetics' Your Skin But Better CC+ Cream with SPF 50 that's currently available from Boots for £19.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.