Sunday, May 4, 2025
THEATERAMA! Series Celebrating 1964/65 World’s Fair Continues with Pop-Up Dance Performances & Historic Tour
–More events throughout summer and fall –
On Sunday, May 26th, Queens Theatre’s series of events celebrated the 60th anniversary of the 1964/65 World’s Fair, THEATERAMA! continues with World’s Fanfare, Part 1, a special historic site tour with dance performances inside Flushing Meadows–Corona Park. Experience the dynamic rhythms of China, the soulful beats of Africa, the graceful movements of the Philippines, the lively dances of the Caribbean, Greece, and Ireland, and much more as the ambiance of the World’s Fair is recreated during a special historic site tour with thrilling popup dance performances by companies representing nations present at the 64/65 Fair.
Part II of World’s Fanfare will take place on August 4th!
THEATERAMA! is a monthly series named in homage to Queens Theatre’s building, which was originally constructed as the “Theaterama,” one of three structures of the New York State Pavilion, built for the World’s Fair. The series started in April and runs through October and is presented in partnership with Queensboro Dance Festival, the Louis Armstrong House Museum, the Queens World Film Festival, the Queens Chamber of Commerce and local businesses.
To learn more about THEATERAMA! and make reservations for events, visit www.queenstheatre.org
Schedule at a Glance
1964/65 World’s Fanfare, Part 1 
A Historic Site Tour with Performances
Sunday, May 26th, 2:00 PM-5:00 PM
Unisphere  (Flushing Meadows Corona Park)
FREE
Join us for a special historical tour with popup dance performances in celebration of  the 60th anniversary of the 1964/65 World’s Fair! Meet at 2:00pm at the Unisphere for an international flag parade in honor of the Fair’s Avenue of Flags. Then, move on to the Fountain of Planets and other Fair sites for popup dance performances for the first of several popup dance performances by companies representing countries present at the World’s Fair, including China, Africa, Philippines, Caribbean, Greece, and Ireland. A stop at the Theaterama (current day Queens Theatre) also includes a special demonstration of the Japanese martial art, Aikido, which was first introduced in the U.S. at the Fair. This event is presented in partnership with Queens Theatre and Queensboro Dance Festival. Additional partners include Untapped NY, Bill Cotter, and Queens Economic Development Corporation.
Armstrong at the World’s Fair Revisited
Sunday, June 30th, 3:00 PM
Queens Theatre’s Shulman Theater
Tickets: $17 (including $2 Ticket Fee)
Celebrate the timeless music and legacy of Louis Armstrong with a high energy immersive jazz experience by Gotham Kings to commemorate the 60th anniversary of Armstrong’s iconic concert at the World’s Fair. Two-time Grammy nominated trumpeter, Alphonso Horne and the Gotham Kings will take the stage, showcasing their exceptional talent and deep passion for Louis Armstrong’s music. This event is presented in partnership with the Louis Armstrong House Museum.
Inspired by the music of King Oliver Creole Jazz Band, Gotham Kings uses the virtuosity of the young Louis Armstrong and innovative genius of King Oliver to take you on a journey of sound that encompasses the history of the trumpet and the story of jazz through rags, stomps, shouts and funk! The band has played in venues including Newport, Aspen, and Caramoor Jazz Festival, Louis Armstrong House Museum, Jazz at Lincoln Center and many more! Individually, members of the Gotham Kings have compiled a diverse resume of collaborations with top artists such as Wynton Marsalis, Michael Feinstein, Rihanna, Lady Gaga, “The Colbert Show” and more!
Modern Ruin
A Documentary Film Directed by Matthew Silva
Sunday, July 14, 3:00 PM
Queens Theatre’s Shulman Theater
Tickets: $17 (including $2 Ticket Fee)
Open Captioning
The New York State Pavilion, once the shining symbol of the 1964/65 New York World’s Fair, now sits in the middle of New York City as a haunting reminder of what became of the age of optimism that was the early 1960’s. This film tells the story of Philip Johnson’s New York State Pavilion during the glory days of the Fair, and chronicles its demise over the past 50 years. The film details its post-fair use as a 60’s concert venue and 70’s roller rink, including the years of neglect and recent growing advocacy efforts.
The screening will be followed by a panel discussion with “Modern Ruin” Director Matthew Silva and Bill Cotter, author of “The 1964-1965 New York World’s Fair” (Images of America), moderated by Katha Cato, Executive Director, Queens World Film Festival.
1964/65 World’s Fanfare, Part 2
Sunday, August 4th, 6:00 PM
Unisphere – Flushing MeadowsCorona Park
FREE
Continuing the celebration of the Fair through dance, Queensboro Dance Festival presents an outdoor evening of performances by more Queens-based dance companies representing countries present at the World’s Fair and more! Presented in partnership with Queens Theatre.
Taste the World’s Fare!
Sunday, September 22nd, 3:00-5:00 PM
Queens Theatre
Suggested Donation at Entry. Food Available for Purchase.
Ask anyone who attended the 1964/65 World’s Fair what they remember about their experience, and they’ll be sure to mention something they ate! From waffles to falafel, Coca-Cola and sangria, the World’s Fair showcased a range of culinary delights and even introduced new flavors to the United States. Indulge your senses, and have a taste of the World’s Fair, as presented by Queens restaurants and caterers in partnership with the Queens Chamber of Commerce.
World’s Fair Plays – A Theatrical Event
Sunday, October 27th
Queens Theatre’s Shulman Theater
Full Announcement this Summer.
Queens Theatre will present readings of plays inspired by the World’s Fairs and originally written for the Theatre’s 2014 World’s Fair Play Festival, a New York Times Critics Pick.
Accessibility
Queens Theatre is dedicated to ensuring that our programming is accessible. Queens
Theatre’s entrance and lobby, all three of Queens Theatre’s performance spaces, hallways and restrooms are wheelchair accessible. Parking is located directly next to Queens Theatre’s building, and Access-A-Ride drops off and picks up patrons at the front entrance. ASL Interpretation, Audio Description and Open Captioning are frequently offered at performances – information is on our website. For more details or questions, email:Access@QueensTheatre.org.
Stay in Touch
Follow Queens Theatre on Facebook at (www.facebook.com/queenstheatrenyc), Instagram (@QueensTheatre), and YouTube (click HERE to subscribe).
About Queens Theatre
Queens Theatre (QT) is a producing theater and performing arts center located in Flushing Meadows Corona Park, Queens, NY.
QT’s mission is to provide high quality performances and programs that are accessible to the 2.4+ million residents of Queens, the most ethnically diverse county in the nation. To foster greater cultural awareness and appreciation, the Theatre produces and presents live programs that reflect this diversity by featuring international, national and local artists. QT annually offers artistically excellent performances and events with its Theatre Series, Dance Series, and Family Series; special events; new play development, community events and initiatives and provides a range of education programs onsite, in schools and in senior centers. In 2016, QT launched, and has since expanded, Theatre For All (TFA), a ground-breaking initiative to advance the inclusion of disabled people in the performing arts.
THEATERAMA! is funded, in part, by the National Endowment for the Arts, Howard Gilman Foundation, Lily Auchincloss Foundation, NYC Department of Cultural Affairs, The Shubert Foundation, Jerome Robbins Foundation, Mertz Gilmore Foundation, and by the New York State Council on the Arts with the support of the Office of the Governor and the New York State Legislature.
Loading Comments 

Our Hometown
DMCA NoticesNewspaper website content management software and services