ByTim Lammers
ByTim Lammers,
 Contributor. 
David Howard Thornton in "Terrifier 3."
The Joker is no match for Art the Clown as Terrifier 3 is dominating Joker: Folie à Deux at the weekend box office.
Terrifier 3 is the third in the series of unrated shock horror films from writer-director Damien Leone starring David Howard Thornton as the brutally murderous Art the Clown. The Terrifier series kicked off in 2016 and resumed in 2022 with Terrifier 2.
The sequel proved audiences’ thirst for shock horror, as Terrifier 2, per The Numbers, earned $15.7 million at the worldwide box office against a $250,000 production budget before prints and advertising.
Deadline is projecting that Terrifier 3 will open at No. 1 at the North American box office this weekend with an estimated $18.3 million in ticket sales in 2,514 theaters. Distributed by Cineverse, Terrifier 3, according to The Numbers, had a production budget of $2 million before P&A.
The trade publication projects DreamWorks Animation’s The Wild Robot, which is being distributed by Universal Pictures, will take the No. 2 spot with an estimated $13.45 million at 3,848 domestic locations. If the projection holds, it will up The Wild Robot’s domestic tally to $83.7 million. Adding in the film’s international ticket sales, per Deadline, The Wild Robot has earned $148.5 million to date.
Coming in at No. 3 is the Warner Bros. supernatural comedy Beetlejuice Beetlejuice, which Deadline projects will take the No. 3 spot at the domestic weekend box office with $7.3 million in 3,408 locations.
If the estimate holds, it will boost the running tally for the sequel to 1988’s Beetlejuice to $275.8 million through Sunday. Combined with it’s international tally, Beetlejuice Beetlejuice’s worldwide box office tally stands at $420.3 million.
After its tepid opening weekend, Joker: Folie à Deux’s domestic ticket sales dropped substantially in its second-weekend frame.
Deadline is projecting that Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga’s Joker sequel will earn anywhere from $6.7 million to $7 million from Friday to Sunday in 4,102 venues, which marks an 81% drop in business.
If the Warner Bros. film finishes with the latter number, it will up Joker: Folie à Deux’s running domestic tally to $51.5 million. Combined with its international ticket sales, the Joker sequel’s worldwide tally is an estimated $165.3 million through Sunday.
Also new in theaters this weekend is Focus Features’ Pharell Williams LEGO-style documentary Piece by Piece, which Deadline projects will earn $3.8 million Friday through Sunday weekend at 1,863 North American locations to take the No. 5 spot.
After opening in limited release on September 27, Columbia Pictures’ Saturday Night expanded to a wide opening in 2,309 North American theaters. The film has yet to open in any international locations.
Columbia’s corporate parent Sony Pictures Entertainment is projecting a weekend take $3.4 million for Saturday Night, which will up the film’s domestic take to $4.1 million. The film did not open internationally.
Saturday Night is director Jason Reitman’s chronicle of the final 90 minutes before the airing of the first episode of NBC’s Saturday Night Live on October 11, 1975.
Meanwhile, Toho’s anime feature My Hero Academia: You’re Next debuted in the No. 7 spot domestically with a $3 million take in 1,845 locations.
After being picked up by Briarcliff Entertainment for domestic distribution, the biographical drama The Apprentice debuted in theaters this weekend. The film chronicles a young Donald Trump’s (Sebastian Stan) rise as a real-estate mogul in the 1970s under the auspice of his attorney Roy Cohn (Jeremy Strong).
Deadline projects that The Apprentice will earn $1.58 million from 1,740 venues for a No. 10 finish.
Note: This box office report has been updated throughout the weekend as domestic and international numbers became available. The final numbers for this weekend’s box office will be released on Monday.