Horoscopes by HolidayHoroscopes by Holiday
Day of Double Trines and Oppositions 
It takes energy to shore up discrepancies. When you feel one thing but must act in some other way, it creates a gap. To shore up those gaps and present one cohesive personality is the very definition of emotional labor. This is why people you can’t be yourself around are so draining. Ask yourself: What energy is being expended to shore up a discrepancy? 
ARIES (March 21-April 19). Don’t imagine that those who went before you were any more gifted than you. You never know how or why anyone lands where they do. The important thing is to apply yourself where you stand. A brilliant success will be yours. 
TAURUS (April 20-May 20). The reason you feel somewhat entangled with someone is that you are. It’s impossible for two people to interact without getting their energy wrapped around one another. Maybe it’s something to accept, or even welcome.
GEMINI (May 21-June 21). Everything around you exists in an underlying reality, interconnected and interdependent. Recognizing this unity should help with road rage, conversation fatigue and other annoyances. If it doesn’t, a funny friend will.
CANCER (June 22-July 22). Usually “yes” is a beginning, and “no” is an ending. Today flips it. “Yes” leads to waiting. It’s a non-starter. “No” gives you new direction and you move without knowing where the path leads, only knowing where it doesn’t. 
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22). You are so lighthearted that people sometimes misunderstand the level of effort and intelligence you invest in your work. But the bright people who completely “get” you will make it all worthwhile, so don’t change.
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22). Splurge on yourself. There won’t be consequences. Your enjoyment will be worth the expense. None will judge you. Sidenote: there’s a good chance that what you’re calling a splurge is actually a basic need. 
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 23). Your creativity makes you less susceptible to influence. Because you are capable of coming up with your own entertainment and solutions, you are not easily swayed by shiny, pretty lures set by those with an agenda. 
SCORPIO (Oct. 24-Nov. 21). Two people getting their needs met is always a set-up for unpredictable outcomes. Even one party selflessly serving the needs of the other is still unpredictable because people are complicated. Reduce expectation. Lean into complexity.
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21). Math is universal. Logic is born of unique experience and truth. You’ll try your best to follow and understand, all the while knowing that people have different systems of reasoning. 
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19). You can’t be alert to your environment while also being hypnotized by your own inner monologue. Hear yourself out and determine what’s actionable. Once the “inside you” feels heard, it will pipe down.
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18). You will accomplish an amazing feat in the days to come: you will undo a thought process. This is among the trickiest of human achievements and it will start with one small thought you demystify today. 
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20). It seems that some people are born with augmented compassion, though more get there through heart-expanding experiences such as disappointment and injustice. It’s the reason you know how to help someone today. 
TODAY’S BIRTHDAY (March 28). You’re not a stranger to the constant craving that animates even the most fulfilling lives. This year you befriend it and it will drive your quest for love and adventure. More highlights: You’ll make money with family, spend days on end in two stunning destinations and you’ll take part in high-energy projects that teach you valuable skills you’ll end up teaching to others. Libra and Leo adore you. Your lucky numbers are: 8, 17, 41, 11 and 6.
CELEBRITY PROFILES: Lady Gaga requested to be called “Harley” both on stage and off to stay in the mindset of the villainess Harley Quinn. Gaga stars in the upcoming sequel “Joker: Folie a Deux” with a singing Joaquin Phoenix as the Joker. Whether she’s winning awards, setting Guinness World Records, or taking part in unlikely collaborations, the fiery Aries never ceases to surprise. Mercury and Jupiter in Pisces is an astral promise her artistry will continue to flow through novel channels. 
Holiday Mathis’ debut novel, “How To Fail Epically in Hollywood,” is out now! This fast-paced romp about achieving Hollywood stardom is available as a paperback and ebook. Visit http://www.creatorspublishing.com for more information. Write Holiday Mathis at HolidayMathis.com.
COPYRIGHT 2024 CREATORS.COM
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices