A Cardiff chippy has just been named as the best in Wales. Albany Fish Bar won the best chippy in Wales and south of England at the Deliveroo Restaurant Awards 2024, which celebrates the best and most loved independent restaurants across the UK and Ireland.
The takeaway is no stranger to the awards, having been nominated back in 2019. And in 2010, they fed none other than Lady Gaga while she was in the city during her tour.
Albany Fish Bar, which has been at its Roath high street home for more than 50 years, was up against shortlisted chip shops in Oxford and Colchester but came out top. Over the decades in the community they've served up countless portions of traditional fish and chip suppers as well as introducing new items like massala cod and homemade curries to the menu.
READ MORE: Welsh cafe with queues out the door named one of the UK's best is to open a second branch
READ NEXT: Metal detectorist finds unexploded bomb in Port Talbot park
Deliveroo’s Restaurant Awards celebrate and recognise the very best and most-loved restaurants across the country - from local independent burger joints to neighbourhood sushi restaurants and all the dishes, cuisines, and flavours in between. This year saw a total of 60 awards up for grabs, with more than 66,000 votes cast by hungry fans keen to show support for their favourite local restaurants.
One of the most coveted awards - Independent Restaurant of the Year 2024 - has been won by Yeeros in Dublin after battling it out against Regional Independent Restaurant of the Year Award winners White Men Can’t Jerk in Peckham, London, Luxford Burgers in Edinburgh, Scotland, Dhamaka in Bristol and Slap & Pickle in Sheffield.
Fancy free takeaway delivery? Access to Deliveroo Plus is one of a host of advantages of Amazon Prime membership, including exclusive Prime Day discounts and perks on Hello Fresh, music, books and Prime Video. Usually £8.99 a month, you can now get a 30-day free trial to get access to the latest deals.
The awards were judged by renowned food critic and writer Jimi Famurewa, in collaboration with Deliveroo’s CEO and founder, Will Shu. Jimi toured the width and breadth of the UK and Ireland to meet with each shortlisted regional restaurant, scoring them against criteria that included brand personality, food quality, packaging and presentation, customer reviews, and environmental consciousness.
Full list of winners of the 2024 Deliveroo Restaurant Awards national categories:
For the latest restaurant reviews, sign up to our food and drink newsletter here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.