Sign in with social networks
or existing PokerNews account
Event #10: $10,000 Paradise Pot-Limit Omaha at the 2024 World Series of Poker Paradise officially concluded Saturday night. The one-day event, held with a turbo-style structure and 20-minute levels, featured plenty of action right from the start at Atlantis Paradise Island Bahamas.
The event attracted 200 entrants and created a prize pool of $2,000,000. Thirty players made the money, with a minimum cash of $20,860, but all eyes were on the grand prize of $393,250. That top prize was claimed by 2015 WSOP Player of the Year Mike Gorodinsky, who triumphed over 2022 WSOP POY Daniel Zack in heads-up play. 
Gorodinsky cemented his legacy even further with his fourth WSOP bracelet, and in turn, denied Zack his fourth bracelet. With the victory, Gorodinsky solidifies his place among poker’s elite, bringing his career tournament earnings to just shy of $5 million. 
Gorodinsky steadily built his stack throughout the day, but once at the final table, he began to steamroll his opponents, eliminating four of the final six players. Reflecting on the victory, he shared, "It's a PLO tournament, I play a lot, so I'm familiar with the fact that rushes happen fast, and the rush happened in my favor this time, which was cool." 
When asked about the turbo structure, he jokingly remarked, "For me, I like it. The faster, the better. I like it when the worse players have a better chance, so here I am at the top."
Check out PokerNews' 2024 WSOP Paradise hub here!
Several stars from the poker world showed up for this PLO turbo event, including a familiar face who hasn’t been seen much lately – Vanessa Selbst. Unfortunately for Selbst, her run ended just prior to late registration closing after seeing her aces cracked. She ultimately decided not to reenter the tournament.
Phil Hellmuth was aiming for his 18th WSOP gold bracelet but struggled to gain momentum and was sent to the exit shortly after late registration ended. Other notable players who failed to reach the money included Isaac Haxton, Sean Winter, Jason Mercier, Fedor Holz, Shaun Deeb, and Stephen Chidwick, who had just won his second WSOP bracelet in the $50,000 Pot-Limit Omaha Championship the previous day. 
As the money bubble approached, Ren Lin, one of the short stacks in the room, found himself in an all-in encounter with Daniel Negreanu. After making a four-bet that put Lin all-in, Negreanu revealed pocket aces. Lin then tabled his favorite hand, queens — referred to by him as “Lady Gaga.” He joked with Negreanu, saying, “I have Lady Gaga, you have no outs.” It turned out to be a bit of foreshadowing, as Lin flopped a set of queens and then turned another to make quads, leaving Negreanu drawing dead. As Lin scooped the pot, he couldn't contain his laughter, saying, “Lady Gaga always coming.” Lin was able to cruise into the money after that hand but was ultimately eliminated in 21st place.
On the stone bubble, Josh Arieh four-bet all-in from the big blind with pocket aces facing Rui Neves. The board was safe for Arieh until the river, which gave Neves a wheel and Arieh quickly exited the tournament area leaving the 30 remaining players in the money. 
After the bubble burst, the knockouts came fast and furious with players like Alex Foxen, Jeff Gross, and Scott Seiver each earning a min-cash. Close behind them were Chris Brewer, Eric Wasserson, and Danny Tang, who each cashed for $25,380.
Despite losing the earlier-mentioned hand to Lin, Negreanu was still in the mix. He managed to nurse a shorter stack up until play was set to head to the final table with eight players. After Henri Puustinen was knocked out in ninth place, the remaining players were ready to compete for the title. However, Negreanu, at the other table, found himself all-in holding pocket aces and looking poised for a double-up. Negreanu was instead eliminated when eventual champion Gorodinsky made a straight on the river to crack Negreanu’s aces and send him to the rail just before the final table began. 
Coming into the final seven, Biao Ding held a slight chip lead over Neves, with Gorodinsky a bit further behind in third. However, once Armin Ghojehvand was the first elimination at the final table, Gordinksy closed the gap of the chip leaders by knocking out Mike Watson in sixth. 
With five players remaining, Gorodinsky found himself all-in and at risk against Ding. However, the situation seemed to be anticlimactic, as both players held pocket aces, setting the stage for a potential chop. But Gorodinsky also had a ten in his hand, and once the board ran out, he flopped a ten and hit another on the river, doubling up and taking the chip lead. 
Gorodinsky continued to build momentum, sending Neves to the rail in fifth after cracking his aces. Shortly after, Gorodinsky took the rest of Ding’s chips, eliminating him in fourth place and further extending his chip lead.
It was runner-up Zack's turn to score a knockout, and he did that after Roman Hrabec's middle pair and straight draw bricked out, setting up a heads-up match between Zack and Gorodinsky. 
The heads-up match between Gorodinsky and Zack featured a few interesting nuances. Both players were former WSOP Player of the Year winners — Gorodinsky in 2015 and Zack in 2022 — and each was chasing their fourth WSOP bracelet. Gorodinsky entered heads-up play with a 2-1 chip lead over Zack, and it took just a few hands for him to claim the title. The final hand saw Zack river a set of aces but that same card gave Gordoinsky a wheel to secure the victory.
After the win, Gorodinsky joked that, with both he and Zack holding three WSOP bracelets, they had agreed that whoever won their fourth would be the better player — and since he “polished him off pretty quickly,” he concluded, “that decides that.”
Gorodinsky mentioned that he has pretty much played everything he wanted to in The Bahamas, and his plan now is to "finish off the Super Main Event, my family just left today so after the main maybe take a day in the sun and fly home to them". 
That concludes our coverage of Event #10: $10,000 Paradise Pot-Limit Omaha, but be sure to follow PokerNews for live updates and coverage of the rest of WSOP Paradise, including the $25,000 Super Main Event which is well underway.
PokerNews is a free to access, online resource that offers fresh daily content, world leading live reporting and poker strategy content and provides comparison features of various online poker sites to its visitors.
Visitors should be aware that that the operator of this site (iBus Media Limited trading as PokerNews) receives affiliate and advertising revenue from the companies that appear on the site, and said remuneration may impact the location and order in which the companies’ banners and offerings are promoted on our site.
Visitors should also note that room rankings can be impacted by a number of different variables and should not be relied upon for accuracy purposes. Whilst we do our utmost to try to ensure all companies advertised on our site are trustworthy and hold the requisite licences for their offerings, the rankings or prominence of any banner/advertisement do not necessarily imply endorsement of the companies or their products by iBus Media Limited trading as PokerNews.
Except as expressly set out in our Terms & Conditions, all representations and warranties regarding the information presented on this site are disclaimed. The information which appears on this site is subject to change at any time.
PokerNews is a free to access, online resource that offers fresh daily content, world leading live
					reporting
					and poker strategy content and provides comparison features of various online poker sites to its
					visitors.
				
Visitors should be aware that that the operator of this site (iBus Media Limited trading as PokerNews)
					receives affiliate and advertising revenue from the companies that appear on the site, and said
					remuneration may impact the location and order in which the companies’ banners and offerings are
					promoted
					on our site.
Visitors should also note that room rankings can be impacted by a number of different variables and
					should
					not be relied upon for accuracy purposes. Whilst we do our utmost to try to ensure all
					companies
					advertised on our site are trustworthy and hold the requisite licences for their offerings, the
					rankings or
					prominence of any banner/advertisement do not necessarily imply endorsement of the companies or
					their products by iBus Media Limited trading as PokerNews.
Except as expressly set out in our Terms & Conditions, all
					representations and warranties regarding the information presented on this site are disclaimed. The
					information which appears on this site is subject to change at any time.
Get 1,000,000 Free Coins
Play With 1,000,000 Free Chips
1000 COINS + 100 SPINS
Get a 20,000 Chip Sign-Up Bonus
Poker and Casino Games with No Limits
Play With 1,000,000 Free Chips
Play Mode: Free-To-Play Poker
Poker and Casino Games with No Limits
Get a 20,000 Chip Sign-Up Bonus
Get 1,000,000 Free Coins
1000 COINS + 100 SPINS
Poker and Casino Games with No Limits
Latest poker news, poker strategies and special offers.
+ Get the Texas Hold'em Poker Cheat Sheet - FREE
PokerNews.com is the world’s leading poker website. Among other things, visitors will find a daily dose of articles with the latest poker news, live reporting from tournaments, exclusive videos, podcasts, reviews and bonuses and so much more.

Winner of the Best affiliate in poker
				2013 • 2014 • 2015 • 2016 • 2018
				• 2021 • 2023
			
Disclaimer: any promotions presented on this page were correct and available at the time of writing. Promotions can change regularly. We encourage all users to check the promotion displayed matches the most current promotion available by clicking through to the operator welcome page. Please read the terms and conditions carefully before you accept any promotional welcome offer.
© 2003-2025 iBus Media LTD. All rights reserved. This material may not be reproduced, displayed, modified or distributed without the express prior written permission of the copyright holder.