Published:  12:00, 17 February 2024   |  Updated:  12:00, 17 February 2024   
View  comments
Celebrities may be jostling over front-row spots for London Fashion Week, but the best seat is your own sofa.
From shows about style icons to period dramas exploring the beginnings of the most coveted brands, there are troves of fashion-focused films and TV to enjoy.
Spanish superstar Alberto San Juan takes on the titular role in Cristóbal Balenciaga (Disney+, launched last month), exploring the designer’s journey from the back streets of war-torn Spain to the glamorous ateliers of Paris. 
Prepare for lots of brooding, fights with rival couturiers and a disastrous debut at Paris Fashion Week. You’ll be left wondering how the brand now manages to sell out towel skirts for £695.
Balenciaga’s nemesis, Christian Dior, who he accused of copying his ideas, features in a rival miniseries. The New Look (Apple TV+, which came out last week), sees Ben Mendelsohn portray Dior during his years in Nazi-occupied Paris. 
Watch the Balenciaga saga, starring Alberto San Juan (right)
There’s plenty of uproar over his ‘raunchy’ designs – cinched waists and matching separates, if you’d believe – and Juliette Binoche is great as an uber-cool but menacing Coco Chanel.
If documentaries are more your thing, later this year In Vogue: The 1990s (Disney+) promises a deep dive into Vogue’s inner workings as the world drooled over the ‘Big Six’ supermodels. 
It includes interviews with Edward Enninful and fearsome editor Anna Wintour, as well as cameos from ‘leading figures from 90s fashion, music and film’.
Premiering next month is High & Low: John Galliano. Candid interviews with the former Dior designer are central to Kevin McDonald’s documentary, but everyone from Naomi Campbell and Kate Moss to LVMH CEO Bernard Arnault and Charlize Theron will make cameos. 
Juliette Binoche as Coco Chanel in The New Look 
Given the 63-year-old designer’s controversial history – he was fired from Dior after an antisemitic drunken rant in 2011 – this one is expected to be suitably drama-filled.
Rounding off the year’s fashion on film is Sadie Frost’s Twiggy, a feature-length documentary about the world’s first supermodel. 
The cast reads like a roll-call of 60s icons – Paul McCartney, Pattie Boyd, Lulu – and they used kooky new VR technology when filming to make a now 74-year-old Twiggy look as if she were walking down Carnaby Street the way it was six decades ago.
If you can’t wait, there’s plenty you can rent already. Saint Laurent (Prime Video) stars the late Gaspard Ulliel as the troubled designer and forefronts his struggles as a gay man in 70s Paris, meaning it’s perfect for watching with a friend who’s not quite as fashion obsessed.
Or stream the epic House of Gucci (Prime Video) and spend an entire two hours and 40 minutes drooling over Lady Gaga’s fox-fur ski hat and red snowsuit while you lie on the sofa in your pyjamas.

	    Share what you think
          
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts,
      or debate this issue live on our message boards.
      

We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group