Abbey Clancy has wowed her fans with her "unreal" singing voice as they didn't expect her to be so good.
Fans were left in awe when she took to the stage to reveal her impressive voice. A video was shared to Abbey's husband Peter Crouch's TikTok page where Abbey can be heard singing Bradley Cooper and Lady Gaga's track Shallow along with another man.
Abbey dressed in jeans and a black cardigan as she confidently showed off her vocals. Peter was in the crowd cheering on his wife.
Fans of the model took to the comment section to say how impressed they were, with some saying they didn't expect her to have such a great voice. One said: "Omg amazing voice, love Pete being the greatest support, ye never fail to impress and ye having the best time. love from Ireland."
As a second wrote: "She's actually good I wasn't expecting it, sorry Abbey," with a third adding: "Oh my god she’s brilliant!!" Another commented: "Whaaat?! I had no idea she could sing this well! Do another." One praised Peter, saying: "Amazing … Pete being her biggest supporter is just giving."
This comes as Abbey recently ruled out having another baby. She and Pete have four children aged five to 13. Speaking to Closer magazine, Abbey said: "I've got a new baby. He arrived last week, my stray kitten from Portugal. He's the only newborn that's going to be in our house, I think."
This isn't the first time that Abbey ruled out having another baby. In a candid chat in 2019 with Lorraine Kelly, Abbey shared the challenges of parenting, saying: "having four children, spreading my time equally between the four is hard."
Peter is also on the same page, confirming no more additions while chatting with Laura Whitmore on Save Our Summer, saying, "Oh 100% [we are not having another child]."
The married couple often speak about their family on their joint podcast Therapy Couch. Abbey said: "The best thing about being a parent is creating these lives and bringing them into the world... It's unconditional love. You don't know anything like it."
Despite this, Abbey has admitted that there have been moments that she just needs some time to herself to reflect. She said that she will take herself off to work so she can have some peace and quiet. "When I'm at home and the kids are driving me crazy, I want to go to work and be on my own for an hour," she said.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.