Virgin Radio
23 Jul 2024, 14:57
Credit: Getty
The Paris 2024 Olympics are just a hop, skip and a jump away - but what is the city of love planning for its all-important opening ceremony?
While everyone largely knows what to expect from the Olympics and Paralympics’ roster of events, each Olympics host city prides itself on providing a unique take on the games, and this is often highlighted by their opening ceremony shows.
Paris 2024 aims to be no different, with an historic special ceremony planned which will take place outside of its host city’s main Olympics stadium. Get all the details below…
------------------------------------
DON'T MISS:
Emmys 2024: Baby Reindeer, The Crown and The Bear among nominees - see the full list
Rev Richard Coles on Strictly Come Dancing -'it's a wonderful show with a dark heart'
Fans delighted as This Morning reveal summer hosts covering Ben Shephard and Cat Deeley's seven week break
------------------------------------
The Paris Olympics Opening Ceremony will begin at 6.30pm in the UK (7.30pm in Paris) on Friday 26th July, 2024.
The show is hoping to officially open the games at exactly 20:24 CEST as a nod to the games being the 2024 Olympics.
The 2024 Paris Olympics Opening Ceremony will be available to watch on BBC One and BBC iPlayer. Coverage of the ceremony will begin at 5.45pm.
During the games, sports fans can tune into the talkSPORT’s coverage of events on talkSPORT, talkSPORT 2 and via the website, talkSPORT.com. 
Rumours and some reports suggest popstars Lady Gaga and Céline Dion will make surprise appearance during the show to perform a duet of the Édith Piaf classic 'La Vie en Rose', although nothing has been confirmed from either of their teams, nor those behind the ceremony. 
Other performers expected for the ceremony include French singer superstar Aya Nakamura; the pianist Sofiane Pamart and singer Juliette Armanet; singer Philippe Katerine and drummer Cerrone; eco-metal band Gojira and opera singer Mariana Viotti; plus the hip hop band 113; Time Out reports.
Stage director Thomas Jolly is the artistic director for Paris 2024’s Olympics and Paralympics opening ceremonies.
Paris 2024’s opening ceremony plans are very different from past ceremonies such as London’s, Rio’s or Tokyo’s in 2021, as the city is for the first time in history hosting its opening celebrations outside of a stadium.
Instead, the ceremony will take place along the Seine, with this year’s athlete’s parade and other ceremony events taking place on boats which will float past landmarks including the Louvre museum, the Place de la Concorde, and Notre Dame Cathedral.
Tune in to the Paris 2024 Olympics Opening Ceremony on Friday 26th July on BBC One and BBC iPlayer from 5.45pm BST.
Advertisement
You’ve likely heard Benson Boone playing over the airwaves recently, but who is he, where is he...
National comedy treasure Al Murray has opened up about parenting and grandparenting
Music lovers have been shocked to discover the proper lyrics to 1977's iconic Mr Blue Sky by...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit