Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships. We receive compensation when you click on a link and make a purchase. Learn more!
For those of Us who love European fashion, there’s nothing better than the linen trend. It’s lightweight, breathable, skin-friendly and not to mention totally luxe-looking. Whether rocking a linen jumpsuit or lounging in loose linen pants, you look like you’ve got a good chunk of change.
Most linen pieces aren’t patterned either, so you can nail both the Scandi girl and minimalist styles at the same time! It’s dreamy — well, minus the price tag. Most linen pieces are on the pricey side, but we found 15 linen pants, jumpsuits and tops that look expensive, yet stay under $30. Let’s roll!
1. Office ready: These pants give elegant and professional energy. Pair them with a loose white blouse and you’ll be the most stylish gal wherever you go — just $25!
2. Beach day: All you need are flip-flops and sunglasses. These flowy pants will keep you cool and comfy all summer long — just $27!
3. Just dance: If you hear Lady Gaga’s song in your head — same. These trouser pants will make you want to jump, spin and yes, dance — just $30!
4. Nautical blue: Stripes, buttons and a Hamptons-like style are just a few things we love about these flattering pants — just $10!
5. Casual flair: You’ll look put together whether you’re lounging, grocery shopping, grabbing a coffee or anything in between — just $27!
6. Overalls are back: Those who follow fashion know that overalls, wide-leg jeans, retro tees and weathered sneakers are all back in style — just $25!
7. Amalfi Coast: This outfit will transport you somewhere in Italy with plenty of sunshine and good energy — just $28!
8. Short jumpsuit: Otherwise known as a romper, this linen-looking outfit will keep you temperate for all your hot girl walks — originally $27, now just $22!
9. Baggy look: We love the oversized jumpsuit look for many reasons! This is a great option for when you’re feeling bloated — just $23!
10. Head turner: Don’t be surprised if people are constantly asking about your outfit . . . and what you do for a living — just $28!
11. Wild hem: The hem of this short-sleeve top will have you clicking “add to cart” instantly . . . that’s what happened to Us — just $25!
12. Boxy fit: This top has a round collar, roll-up sleeves and a stunning pink hue, pairing perfectly with black jeans and sneakers — originally $27, now just $20!
13. Classy gal: Get ready to be the ultimate trendsetter in your neighborhood. This loose pullover will keep you stylish through spring, summer, fall and winter — just $27!
14. Button down: Wear it casual or dress it up for the office, nice dinners or birthday parties. There are nearly 30 colors to choose from, so have fun with it — just $11!
Check our latest news in Google News
Check our latest news in Apple News
15. Obviously linen: There are some tops that look like they might be linen, but this tank is very clearly made of the luxe material — originally $31, now just $20!
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
You have successfully subscribed.
By signing up, I agree to the Terms and Privacy Policy and to receive emails from Us Weekly
Us Weekly is part of Part of the a360media Entertainment Group. © a360media 2025Powered by WordPress VIP
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: