Yeehaw! Lana Del Rey has gone full country at the 2024 Grammys. 
After covering “Take Me Home, Country Roads” last year, the singer recently announced an impending country album, Lasso. And, like Lady Gaga, Dua Lipa, and the scores of method dressing entertainers before her, Del Rey’s new musical venture marks a sartorial shift as well.
What better place than the Grammys to debut a new look? Styled by Molly Dickson, Del Rey—who is up for five awards, including Song and Album of the Year—completely eschewed the traditional awards show gown. (For a woman who bought her 2020 Grammys dress at the mall, we’re not surprised that she continues to march to the beat of her own drum.) Rather than turn to a designer or archive, she wore a dress that she personally sourced: a black vintage knee-length dress complete with a boatneck and velvet flower details. 
Del Rey conjured the late country legend Loretta Lynn with her puffy sleeves and styling. Although Lynn was known for wearing floor-length dresses, Lana perhaps nodded to Lynn’s love of lace with a pair of black lace gloves. Staying on-theme, she carried a vintage black bag. For a contemporary touch, Dickson commissioned a large custom bow made to trail down her back, which she matched with her black pumps affixed with bow appliqués.
While she closes the book on Did You Know That There’s a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd, Lana Del Rey's country phase is off to a hot start. She's definitely already lassoed our hearts.
See Every Look from the 2024 Grammys Red Carpet
All the Winners at the 2024 Grammy Awards
How to Watch the Grammys, Who’s Performing, and Everything You Need to Know About This Year’s Ceremony
A Look Inside the Best Parties During Grammys Weekend
The Greatest (and Occasionally Outrageous) Grammys Glam Over the Years
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty