Published 3:35 pm Saturday, October 26, 2024

By Dean Poling

'Reza: Edge of Illusion' is scheduled for Jan. 30 and opens the Presenter Series season. (Submitted photo)

Robert Neary: 'The Neal Diamond Experience' is scheduled to play Feb. 27. (Submitted art)

Neil Berg's '100 Years of Hollywood' features Broadway singers performing songs from the movies, March 18. (Submitted art)
VALDOSTA – The Annette Howell Turner Center for the Arts has unveiled a new Presenter Series season with the promise of a family-friendly illusionist, a tribute to a legendary American singer and a salute to great songs from great movies.
Nancy Warren and Chuck Ramsey, Presenter Series co-chairs, said all three shows are scheduled to play in early 2025 at the Performing Arts Center, 3101 Barack Obama Boulevard, at the site of the old Valdosta High School.
The shows are:
A master illusionist, Reza has sold more than 1.5 million tickets worldwide and has appeared in TV specials as well as appearances on “Duck Dynasty,” “Penn & Teller: Fool Us,” “Masters of Illusion,” etc.
“If you’re 5 or 95, he’s amazing,” Ramsey said. 
“He opens a magical, enchanting season,” Warren said.
Presenter Series synopsis: “Reza’s latest show, ‘Edge of Illusion,’ is a breath-taking and inspiring journey into the world of impossibility, featuring jaw-dropping, cutting-edge and never before seen illusions merged with concert-level lighting and video production, for a one-of-a-kind experience for the entire family.”
Performance is scheduled for 7:30 p.m., Jan. 30.
Here’s a concert that should have audiences feeling so good, so good, so good.
Robert Neary brings his tribute concert to singer Neil Diamond to life. Some folks have seen Neary in a documentary that has appeared on Netflix.
Neary’s concert “is supposed to be the most authentic tribute show and appeals to different age groups,” Warren said.
Presenter Series synopsis: “His wit and mannerisms on stage (are) spot on, especially when he plays his guitar. When he speaks and tells the stories and trivia behind some of Neil’s most popular songs, his rich baritone gravelly voice can easily be mistaken for Neil’s speaking voice. But make no mistake about it all, if you close your eyes and listen to him sing any of the 22 classic Neil Diamond songs (such as ‘Sweet Caroline’) with the magnificent band behind him, you will swear you are listening to the Master himself.”
Performance is scheduled for 7:30 p.m., Feb. 27.
Neil Berg returns to the Presenter Series with a concert celebrating movie songs and soundtracks.
Berg has created popular shows for past Presenter Series seasons. The shows include “100 Years of Broadway” and “50 Years of Rock n’ Roll.”
“The show includes songs from Judy Garland to Lady GaGa,” Ramsey said.
As with his past shows, Berg gathers a small ensemble of Broadway singers to perform the movie songs. 
The audience can expect to hear songs from movies such as “Breakfast at Tiffany’s,” “Casablanca,” “The Wizard of Oz,” “New York, New York,” “Goldfinger,” “Titanic,” “Rocky Horror Picture Show,” “Moulin Rouge,” “Dreamgirls,” etc.
Presenter Series synopsis: “It’s a memorable evening of classic songs from the movies sung by five of the finest singers on Broadway, including stars of such hit Broadway musicals: ‘Phantom of the Opera,’ ‘Evita,’ ‘Fiddler on the Roof,’ ‘Les Miserables’ and ‘Wonderful Town.’”
Performance is scheduled for 7:30 p.m., March 18.
Season tickets for all three shows are available at early bird prices, $120, Nov. 4-30, with regular prices, $155, available Dec. 1 through Jan. 30. Individual show tickets go on sale, at $60 each, Dec. 1.
The Valdosta Daily Times is a long-time Presenter Series sponsor. The Times is joined by fellow sponsors Astro Exterminating, Coleman | Talley, Dr. Edward Fricker Family, Lamar, S&S Services of Lowndes County, Sisterology, Chuck Ramsey, Stifel, Synovus, Talk 92.1, Valdosta Magazine, WALB. 
Community partners are an anonymous donor, Covington’s, Cowart Electric and Industrial Contractors, Kentucky Fried Chicken, Turner’s Fine Furniture, United Rentals, Wild Adventures.