By CAROLINE PEACOCK 
 Published:  13:04, 22 November 2024   |  Updated:  14:32, 22 November 2024   
 27
View  comments
Tom Cruise delighted a young artist with a visit to thank him for creating a striking portrait. 
Wilf Elliott, 21, is colour blind but began creating charcoal drawings in 2020 and earlier this year he drew scenes from Tom's 2022 action film, Top Gun Maverick.
After sharing the drawing of Tom in the cockpit of a jet, Wilf then reached out to Tom's management and offered him the creation. 
To show his appreciation, the Hollywood actor, 62, met Wilf in person, and after nine months of planning the pair were finally able to spend 20 minutes together chatting. 
Speaking about meeting the actor, Wilf said: 'He asked me about my career and said it was so impressive. I shook hands with him multiple times.
'The people I have met before have all been big and incredibly lovely, this has been way above any expectations I've ever had.' 
Tom Cruise delighted 'starstruck' colour blind artist Wilf Elliott, 21, with a visit after being gifted a charcoal portrait of himself 
The Hollywood actor, 62, and Wilf Elliott, 21, got together last month after nine months of planning and the pair spent 20 minutes together
Wilf continued: 'He approached me first and said my name. Him knowing who I was before meeting him was just absolutely ridiculous.
'He was probably one of the nicest guys I have ever met, and he wanted to know about my career.
'Over the next 20 minutes I was very grateful for his time and I was very red in the face.
'I was completely starstruck. It was the most surreal moment of my life.'
Wilf revealed he had created a second artwork for Tom but the actor insisted he keep it as a memory before they took snaps together.
The artist has become famed for his work, making charcoal drawings of celebrities like Gareth Bale, Zara Larsson and Sam Ryder.
Their meeting comes after Tom made a surprise appearance at Top Gun: Maverick in Concert at the Royal Albert Hall in September.
The movie reintroduces the characters from the 1986 classic and appears to have struck a chord with older fans with its traditional male values and 'bromance' storyline. 
He created the artwork dedicated to a scene from the 2022 action film, Top Gun Maverick which stars the Mission Impossible actor
After sharing the drawing of Tom in the cockpit of a jet, Wilf was able to reach out to Tom's management through a client 
Wilf, who began creating portraits in 2020, has made charcoal drawings of celebrities like Gareth Bale , Zara Larsson and Sam Ryder 
It focuses on the relationship between Cruise's Maverick and the son of his dead best friend, Goose, alongside spectacular aerial action scenes.
And as it was shown to 2,900 number of fans, acting legend Tom was spotted from the balconies over looking crowds of viewers.
After enjoying the incredible performance, he stood from the balcony waving to hands while gesturing to his heart.
He then joined the talented orchestra on stage to give a special thanks to the performers and say hello to thousands of fans.
After thanking the audience for 'making his dreams come true' he was met with a roar of applause from adoring fans.
According to the Royal Albert Hall site; 'They experienced the Academy Award winning blockbuster on the big screen, with Lorne Balfe, Harold Faltermeyer, Lady Gaga and Hans Zimmer's epic score performed live-to-picture by the Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra, conducted by Lorne Balfe himself.' 
The film opened in 4,732 North American theaters over the holiday frame, the widest release in cinematic history, besting the 2019 remake of The Lion King (4,725 theatres).
It also marks the second-highest debut of 2022, behind Marvel's Doctor Strange and the Multiverse of Madness, which took in $187.4 million on the first weekend of May.
The long-awaited sequel also marked a personal best for Tom, giving the action icon his first $100 million movie in his storied 40-year career.
It comes after Tom made a surprise appearance at Top Gun: Maverick in Concert at the Royal Albert Hall 
The $156-million tally was more than enough to best the 59-year-old actor's previous best opening weekend - War of the Worlds' $64 million back in 2005.
The film from director Joseph Kosinski - who worked with Tom in the 2013 film Oblivion - also took in $128 million from foreign markets, for a worldwide opening weekend tally of $248 million from a huge $170 million budget.
The film earned $21 million from IMAX theatres alone, boasting rave reviews with 96% on critic aggregator Rotten Tomatoes.
Along with the critical reception, fans also chimed in giving the sequel an incredibly rare A+ grade on CinemaScore.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group