On Wednesday, February 29, Lady Gaga posted some photos giving her followers a peek at her look from a speaking engagement with Upfront Ventures in L.A. For the conference, Gaga wore a clean, chic look consisting of a cream-colored turtleneck dress underneath a long trench coat. In true Gaga fashion, the star stepped into a pair of black mega-platform boots, adding several inches to her 5’1” frame.
Her platinum blonde hair looked like she was fresh out of the shower, styled to give the appearance that it was dripping wet, despite it being a perfectly dry day.
“I spoke at Upfront today about the intersection of beauty, art, science, and technology. I shared my experiences as the founder of a beauty company and my long standing vision for the future and art,” Gaga wrote in the caption of her post.
In a May 2023 interview with ELLE UK, Gaga talked all things makeup, her brand, Haus Labs, and how she “uses beauty as a way to speak.”
“Now [that] I’m making makeup, beauty for me lies in the formulation. I’m really into the science behind what we’re creating at Haus Labs, how we can make it better for your skin, as well as maintaining and improving upon the artistry experience,” she said.
“Artistry, science, and inclusivity. Those are the three things that I care about the most when it comes to my brand,” she added.
She also shared what beauty means to her:
“Beauty has been a self-care routine for me throughout the years. And that includes creativity and using my imagination—embracing both of those things are another way that I choose to love myself. They’re also ways that I express myself; so I also use beauty as a way to speak.”
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
Blake Lively Stepped Out in Two Pastel Looks
A Timeline of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds’ Love
All About Malcolm, Anya’s Husband
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.