President-elect Donald Trump has suggested the Republican Party pay off Democrats’ debt after the election, saying it would help unify the country.
“I am very surprised that the Democrats, who fought a hard and valiant fight in the 2020 Presidential Election, raising a record amount of money, didn’t have lots of $’s left over. Now they are being squeezed by vendors and others,” he wrote in a Saturday morning Truth Social post. “Whatever we can do to help them during this difficult period, I would strongly recommend we, as a Party and for the sake of desperately needed UNITY, do. We have a lot of money left over in that our biggest asset in the campaign was “Earned Media,” and that doesn’t cost very much. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!”
GREATEST COMEBACK? HERE’S HOW TRUMP STACKS UP IN WHITE HOUSE HISTORY
Despite breaking records and hauling in at least $1 billion, Vice President Kamala Harris’s campaign is reportedly facing mounting debt. Reporting from Politico has put the figure at $20 million of debt. Verified numbers from the campaign will be released within 30 days, as mandated by the Federal Election Commission.
In mid-October, the Harris campaign disclosed that it had spent over $880 million this election, almost $526 million greater than the roughly $354 million that the Trump campaign had disclosed spending, according to a Washington Examiner analysis of federal filings. Much of the Harris campaign’s spending was allocated for digital media advertising, polling, and travel from state to state, including to a private jet company called Advanced Aviation.
“Event production” was also a staple spending area of the Harris campaign, which notably hosted a star-studded lineup of musicians from Lady Gaga to Katy Perry for an election eve rally.
CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER 
Payroll was another hefty price tag for the Harris campaign, accounting for $56.6 million of its spending. In comparison, the Trump campaign recorded $9 million on payroll.
The Washington Examiner has reached out to the Trump campaign about his offer.