It's enjoying a rapturous response.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

We've already seen plenty of stunning movie posters in 2024, with illustrated, 80's style designs very much back in vogue. But judging by the online response to the new poster for the upcoming Joker sequel, we may already have a winner.
Joker: Folie à Deux arrives this October and stars Joaquin Phoenix in the titular role alongside Lady Gaga as Harley Quinn. The stunning new poster features the two mid-dance, apparently under by a spotlight, along with the tagline "The world is a stage". It's strikingly minimal – but not without a hidden detail for eagle-eyed fans.
Yep, look closely at that light source and you'll be able to make out what looks like prison bars, suggesting that this dance isn't taking place inside the Royal Opera House. 
Joker 2 poster has been seen 14 million times in just 10 HOURS on one Twitter account, comparing it to other major releases first poster posts, these numbers are INCREDIBLE. pic.twitter.com/TNXiLzaY4qApril 3, 2024
And the poster even appears to have broken viewing records on Twitter (sorry, X). As one user points out, in less than 24 hours a single post by DiscussingFilm (above) has  received over 14M impressions. Posters for other blockbusters including Dune 2 and Wicked have, in contrast, received 2M or less.  
All of which suggests the hype for Joker 2 is no laughing matter. And, best of all, it seems the designers have even fixed the typo in the film's logo.
Daily design news, reviews, how-tos and more, as picked by the editors.
Thank you for reading 5 articles this month* Join now for unlimited access
Enjoy your first month for just £1 / $1 / €1
*Read 5 free articles per month without a subscription
Join now for unlimited access
Try first month for just £1 / $1 / €1
Daniel John is Design Editor at Creative Bloq. He reports on the worlds of design, branding and lifestyle tech, and has covered several industry events including Milan Design Week, OFFF Barcelona and Adobe Max in Los Angeles. He has interviewed leaders and designers at brands including Apple, Microsoft and Adobe. Daniel's debut book of short stories and poems was published in 2018, and his comedy newsletter is a Substack Bestseller. 

Creative Bloq is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.