Home    Forums    Music    Grammy presenters
The topic of producers knowing the winners in advance (even for a short period of time) has been discussed here many times, so they could have a televised speech from the star/winner and maintain audience.
But I was wondering why this couldn’t be applied to the presenters as well. Like, if you have some A lister presenting an award that perhaps you don’t even care about makes you stay there.
If I was a producer this year, I’d try to do something like this:
BPVA presented by Lady Gaga (previous winner and A-list star).
SOTY presented by Beyonce (previous winner, A-list star and rumored performer of the Tina Turner tribute so she would already be there).
BNA presente by Samara Joy but joined by Olivia Rodrigo and Billie Eilish.
AOTY presented by Adele (Universally adored A-list star, besides being a multi-time winner. They should BEG her.)
ROTY is the one I can’t really think of someone ideal. Maybe Bruno Mars? Mariah? Perhaps even Lana, since she’s not nominated.
I’d love to hear your thoughts.
when you saw the dead little bird you started crying, but you know the killer doesn’t understand • how did I go from growing up to breaking down? • old habits die screaming • girl, how do you feel being a girl? • things I once enjoyed just keep me employed now • meet me behind the mall
ROTY is the one I can’t really think of someone ideal. Maybe Bruno Mars
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars would be perfect.
AOTY presented by Adele 
Alternates: Kacey Musgraves, Ray Brown. Jr (Ella Fitzgerald’s son), Lauryn Hill, Mark Ronson
ROTY presented by Silk Sonic
Alternates: Roberta Flack, Kevin Costner (Whitney Houston’s costar in The Bodyguard), Céline Dion 
SOTY presented by Alicia Keys
Alternates: U2, D’Mile, Paul McCartney, Ludwig Göransson
BNA presented by Samara Joy (obviously)
General Question,
I might be confusing this for another award, but if I remember correctly some of the categories are announced before the main ceremony at 8pm ET?
Is that correct? Does anyone know which categories are these? and at what time are they usually announced?
2x Academy Award Winner Sir Christopher Nolan
Carly Rae Jepsen just tweeted that she will present the award for Album of the Year so that she could slap Taylor Swift’s face for releasing her album on the same day and thus overshadowing Carly’s album. The Loneliest Time >>>> Midnights.
Honey, Best New Artist winners Christina Aguilera and Samara Joy should present that award (hopefully to Coco Jones 🫰).
Honey, Best New Artist winners Christina Aguilera and Samara Joy should present that award (hopefully to Coco Jones ). 
Christina is forever the Princess of Pop.
AOTY is presented by Kendrick Lamar, SZA’s big brother/mentor type and Taylor’s long time collaborator and friend.
I'm making love to the angels of death,
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps.
AOTY is presented by Kendrick Lamar, SZA’s big brother/mentor type and Taylor’s long time collaborator and friend. 
is it confirmed?
that’d be dope
when you saw the dead little bird you started crying, but you know the killer doesn’t understand • how did I go from growing up to breaking down? • old habits die screaming • girl, how do you feel being a girl? • things I once enjoyed just keep me employed now • meet me behind the mall
General Question, I might be confusing this for another award, but if I remember correctly some of the categories are announced before the main ceremony at 8pm ET? Is that correct? Does anyone know which categories are these? and at what time are they usually announced? 
The Pre-Show is where the winners of more than 80 categories are revealed, including non-mainstream genres, audiovisual field and music craft field.
Only the general field and some Pop, Rap, Country and R&B categories are usually announced during the ceremony.
The pre-show starts at 3:30 Eastern time I think.
It's me... Hi
AOTY presented by Adele Alternates: Kacey Musgraves, Ray Brown. Jr (Ella Fitzgerald’s son), Lauryn Hill, Mark Ronson ROTY presented by Silk Sonic Alternates: Roberta Flack, Kevin Costner (Whitney Houston’s costar in The Bodyguard), Céline Dion SOTY presented by Alicia Keys Alternates: U2, D’Mile, Paul McCartney, Ludwig Göransson BNA presented by Samara Joy (obviously) 
 it would be nice billie/samara together
AOTY: André 3000 (won AOTY 20 years ago, current nominee); Adele would of course also be amazing lol
ROTY: Chris Martin (won ROTY 20 years ago); Bruno Mars also makes sense
SOTY: Lorde (won SOTY 10 years ago)
BNA: Would be cool to see Billie and Olivia or Dua together, but makes sense to have Samara Joy pass the torch
Pop Solo: Someone like Kelly Clarkson or Xtina
Pop Vocal Album: Of course I’d love to see Gaga, or Ariana!
Other potential presenters I’d love to see:
-Kacey Musgraves
-Missy Elliott
-Usher & Alicia Keys together
 is it confirmed? that’d be dope 
This is my hope but we’ll see.
I'm making love to the angels of death,
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps.
Christina forever.
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media