Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

From Jennifer Lopez in 2000 to Cardi B in 2019, a look at the very best of Grammys fashion.

	The Grammy Awards return Sunday, this year held in Los Angeles, and with them come one of the boldest red carpets in all of celebrity land. 

	Easily the best Grammys fashion moment of all time is Jennifer Lopez, whose green Versace cleavage-baring dress at the 2000 Grammy Awards was so attention-grabbing it was the launch of Google Images. It’s going to take a long time — and a big effort — for anyone to match that moment. 

	Other best dressed moments in Grammys history include Lady Gaga, no stranger to a best-dressed list, in Armani at the 2010 awards. Cardi B earned her spot in fashion history at the 2019 ceremony, when she arrived in a vintage Mugler look that was ahead of the current red carpet trend of vintage dressing. Cher’s 1974 look, a white butterfly bikini top and matching hair clip, is best-dressed worthy, as is the matching white looks from Janet Jackson and Michael Jackson at the 1993 Grammys.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Jury Selection to Start on Monday for Sean Combs' Sex Trafficking Trial	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			'RuPaul's Drag Race': Michelle Visage and Carson Kressley Reflect on the Show's Fashion Evolution Ahead of 'All Stars' 10 Premiere	
			








	The best moment from the 1990s has to be Chili, Lisa “Left Eye” Lopes and T-Boz of TLC at the 1996 awards in dressed-up versions of cargo pants and bra tops. Other all-white winners include Shania Twain’s high-neck gown in 1999, exuding that era’s minimalism trend. 




			You May Also Like		






	Britney Spears’ 2000 white, formfitting tank dress and fur shrug, with a bit of bling, was her own take on old Hollywood glamour, and it was one of her best looks. Cyndi Lauper at the 1984 Grammys proved original style always pays off, as did Lizzo as recently as last year, in a floral explosion of a Dolce & Gabbana look. 

	2024 brought sensual glamour with Dua Lipa, who wore a silver Courrèges gown covered in metallic sequins. The long-sleeve dress featured a plunging neckline and cutout details at the waist, adding a sultry edge. She complemented the look with a diamond necklace and wore her then-newly dyed deep red hair in loose waves. 

	Meanwhile, Olivia Rodrigo embraced Old Hollywood glamour in 2024 wearing a vintage white Versace gown from the Italian label’s spring 1995 collection adorned with tiny red crystals. The fitted silhouette featured a structured corset bodice with delicate straps. Her look was completed with her hair styled in waves, bold red lipstick and diamond jewelry.

	Below, see more of the best dressed stars in Grammys history.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.