Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
A Leicestershire town's annual Pride festival is set to take place this weekend. The event, in Ashby, will include live performances, family-friendly activities, and more than 40 stalls.
The festival marks the town's second annual Pride event, with its aim being to "foster community unity and support for the LGBTQ+ community", a spokesperson said. It takes place on Saturday (August 10), in Market Street and Brooke Street, which will be closed to traffic all day.
The festivities will kick off at 12pm with a performance by Miss TuTu, followed by a musical line-up that will include Jordan Eagles, Brandon Long and Kyle Finn. The headline acts will be a Lady Gaga tribute performance by Joanne Shallow at 3pm, and a Taylor Swift tribute act by Taylored Swift at 7pm.
READ MORE: 'How are we going to protect our country by destroying everything?': Leicester people respond to UK riots
Pride committee director Callum Prince, 26, who has lived in Ashby most of his life, told LeicestershireLive: “Pride is about bringing people together and broadening our community's horizons."
The main stage will be in Market Street, and a fairground in Brook Street. There will also be circus workshops throughout the day.
Businesses including The Bulls Head, Dolce Cafe, The White Hart and Goose will be offering outdoor seating, and many businesses will be sporting shopfronts decorated with vibrant displays as part of a 'best dressed window' competition. Those participating include Ace of Drinks, Air Ambulance, Arthur's, Ashby Jewellers, Ashby Toolbox, Birds, Bodle Wallace Hair, Blonde on Blond, Brew, COOP Market Street, Cutting Edge, Dolce Cafe, Fair 2 All, Goose, Grace & Co, Hammonds, Headway, Health Workshop, Indulgent Chocolates, La Zouch, Lil Bo's Deli, Loros, Meraki, Moment in Thyme, Newton Fallowell, Papillion Bleu, Pet Deli, Redz, Scrivens, St Giles Bookshop, The Bulls Head, The Bed Shop, The Children's Society, The Courtyard Cafe, The Dressing Room, The Fabric Boutique, The Flower Lady, The Handmade Brownie Company, The Style Hive and The White Hart.
The LGBTQ+ event is one of several being held in Leicestershire this month, including Leicester Pride on Saturday, August 31, and Loughborough Pride on Saturday, August 17, from 6pm "until late".
If you are part of the LGBTQ+ community and would like to share your experiences or insights for a potential story, please feel free to reach out in confidence. Email dylan.hayward@reachplc.com
We are now bringing you the latest updates on WhatsApp first