ByCassell Ferere
ByCassell Ferere, Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Cassell Ferere founded PAGE magazine covering circularity in menswear.
ByCassell Ferere,
 Contributor. 
Alex Consani has captivated the fashion world with her bold style and unapologetic authenticity, ... More using TikTok to help her rise to fame. LOOK 2 Shirt; Luar Tie; Luar Trenchcoat; Alaia Pants; Sacai Heels; Ferragamo Diamond Studs; Grown Brilliance
From a quiet neighborhood in Petaluma, California, to the busy streets of New York City, and on to glitzy runways of Fashion Weeks, Alex Consani has captivated the fashion world with her bold style and unapologetic authenticity. Born on July 23, 2003, Consani embarked on her modeling journey at the tender age of 12, coming of age in the digital era and crafting her expressive aesthetic.
Alex Consani shares her fashion world with her bold style and unapologetic authenticity, coming of ... More age in the digital era and crafting her expressive aesthetic. LOOK 5 Button up Shirt; Givenchy Bodysuit; Alaia Blazer; Khaite Trousers; Willie Norris Shoes; Marc Jacobs Earrings; Cartier
Photographer Sophia Wilson, alongside her creative partner Iza El Nems, has captured the essence of New York City by documenting its diverse communities and individuals who proudly embrace their heritage and cultural identities in a previous photo series. Through this series "Lovers & Friends," the duo pays homage to native New Yorkers by showcasing their unique styles and personalities, serving as a love letter to the city amidst its evolving landscape.
Coming of age in the digital era, Alex Consani is crafting her expressive aesthetic. 
Personal style plays a crucial role in the "Lovers & Friends" project, allowing the subjects to shine through as individuals, with El Nems curating their outfits to align with their unique identities. This has ultimately connected the dots to working with Consani on this new editorial series highlighting her eclectic fashion sense.
Alex Consani displays authenticity inher fluid style of dress, showing off a digital presence with ... More expressive aesthetic.
"I loved fashion and the idea of creating a character enticed me," Consani shares about her modeling journey. "As well as the need for trans representation. I looked up to camp icons like Lady Gaga, and it planted the fashion seed in my head."
TikToker and social media influencer Alex Consani shares her bold style and unapologetic ... More authenticity. LOOK 4 Button up Shirt; Givenchy Striped T-shirt; Miu Miu Polo; Miu Miu Skirty; Marc Jacobs Socks; Miu Miu Shoes; Miu Miu x Church’s Diamond Studs; Grown Brilliance Watch; Cartier Opticals; Jacques Marie Mage
Consani's unique journey took a significant turn in 2019 when she signed with IMG Models, catapulting her into the spotlight as one of the youngest transgender models in the world. It was her foray into social media, that TikTok drew the young model. During the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, Consani truly propelled her to stardom.
David Bowie inspired styling and look for Alex Consani. LOOK 1 Shirt;Prada Pants; Prada Shoes; Prada ... More Watch; Cartier Glasses; Archival Prada
Under the usernames "captincroook" with nearly 3 million followers, and "Miss Mawma," Consani's comedic videos garnered a massive following, amassing over two million followers and nearly 100 million likes. "I began making videos during covid, It was a fun way to be creative and pass time, but I ended up meeting so many amazing people that I couldn't stop," Consani reflects on her TikTok journey. "When it comes to the creation of videos I really enjoy making things in the moment and doing what comes naturally, not planning it and making it feel more authentic."
Alex Consani shares her fashion world with her bold style and unapologetic authenticity, coming of ... More age in the digital era and crafting her expressive aesthetic.
What sets Consani apart is her fearless approach to fashion, particularly her embrace of menswear pieces. "I think clothing defined by gender limits your creativity in outfits," she explains. "Aspects of fashion considered 'masculine' such as button-ups and baggy jeans can be styled feminine and that is what I really enjoy about personal style."
Consani styles in a nerdy-xhic look, channeling her Big Bang Theory cast member.
For Consani, menswear favorites include blazers, straight-leg jeans, and a mean boot, each piece adding a touch of sophistication and edge to her style. She laments the gender-fluid ethos happening in fashion today stating, "I admire Maison Margiela because the clothing is the focus less the models wearing them. The models are inspired and encouraged to become a part of the world created by the designer.”
Alex Consani shares an obscure gym look. LOOK 3 Hoodie; Balenciaga Bra; CDLP Bottoms; CDLP Sneakers; ... More Balenciaga Socks: Falke Handbag; Balenciaga Diamond Earrings; Tiffany & Co. Diamond Necklace; Tiffany & Co.
Consani continues, “You see ‘men’ in corsets and women in trench coats, and in each, it looks amazing. Which to me is the most exciting part of fashion, to embody a character and not get stuck in creating a collection within the constraints of gender.” Consani admires Maison Margiela for their focus on the clothing rather than the models wearing them. Something we saw with Gwyneth Paltrow during her ski accident trial sporting the power suit to the courtroom on several occasions.
Alex Consani has bold style and unapologetic authenticity. 
"I think there are many, but one I admire is Maison Margiela because the clothing is the focus less the models wearing them," she explains. "You see 'men' in corsets and women in trench coats, and in each, it looks amazing."
Alex Consani shares her fashion world with her bold style and unapologetic authenticity, coming of ... More age in the digital era and crafting her expressive aesthetic.
Consani's style can be best described jovially as "Goodwill Kate Moss" in her own words. It's a blend of eclectic thrift finds and high-fashion staples that showcase her unique personality. Despite her rise to the top of TikTok and social media amid some hindering news, Consani remains grounded in her mission to advocate for representation and acceptance within the fashion industry.
Alex Consani shares her fashion world with her bold style and unapologetic authenticity, coming of ... More age in the digital era and crafting her expressive aesthetic.
As she continues to break barriers and redefine beauty standards, Alex Consani serves as an inspiration to aspiring models and fashion enthusiasts worldwide. With her confidence and fearless spirit, her unwavering authenticity proves that fashion knows no bounds and that true style is about expressing oneself freely, regardless of gender or societal norms.
Photographer - Sophia Wilson @phiawilson 
Creative Director - Iza El Nems @izzyelnems Stylist - Ava Van Osdol @avavanosdol Hair - John Novotny @johnnovotny 
Makeup - Miguel Ramos @mmiiggss Lighting - Josh Jimenez @hosfx Producer - Raquel Michel @raquel_michel Stylist 
Assistants - Verity Azario, Christopher Contaldi, Ginger Edmiston, Sarah Hart @veryityazario @christophercontaldi @ginger_edmiston @sirrrruh 
Production Assistants - Sophie Collognette, LouLou Parr, Yasmin Gbaja @sophcollongette @_loulouloulou_ @yazgbaja2 Studio - LAOBRA Studios @laobra.nyc 
Special thanks to Good Thanks and Zuckers Bagels @goodthanksnyc @zuckersbagels