By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:55, 19 July 2024   |  Updated:  02:13, 23 July 2024   
 26
View  comments
Lady Gaga took some time away from the studio to have a date with her boyfriend Michael Polansky, 40, in New York City. 
The loved-up couple, who have been dating for four years, were spotted leaving a romantic dinner in Soho. 
The Poker Face singer looked as stylish as ever in a $1,280 black Ducie 'Nina Leather' jacket.
She had her platinum blonde hair pulled back and wore black sunglasses and red lipstick.  
Mother Monster, 38, is hard at work on new music to the delight of her fans, including Kesha. 
Lady Gaga took some time away from the studio to have a date with her boyfriend Michael Polansky, 40, in New York City 
The loved-up couple, who have been dating for four years , were spotted leaving a romantic dinner in Soho
On Thursday, July 19, Gaga posted three photos of herself in the studio making new music to her Instagram account.
The A Star is Born actress, born Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, appeared to be in good spirits flashing the rock on hand gesture. 
'Just me in the studio—happy as ever making music, feel so grateful, heart is peaceful. It’s like meditation,' her caption began.
'I can’t wait for you to hear what I’m working on.'
Kesha, 37, was quick to comment thirstily on the post, writing: 'Feed us mother!!!!'
Gaga showed support for the TiKToK singer during her decade-long legal battle with her former music producer.
Kesha accused Dr. Luke – whose real name is Łukasz Gottwald – of sexual assault and battery, sexual harassment, gender violence and emotional abuse.
The lawsuit was settled last year.  
Katy Perry's new song Women's World has Dr. Luke listed as a co-producer, prompting fury from fans who questioned how she can reconnect with the songwriter to promote female empowerment. 
Mother Monster, 38, is hard at work on new music to the delight of her fans, including Kesha 
On Thursday, July 19, Gaga posted three photos of herself in the studio making new music to her Instagram account
The A Star is Born actress, born Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, appeared to be in good spirits flashing the rock on hand gesture
Kesha, 37, was quick to comment thirstily on the post, writing: 'Feed us mother!!!!'
And now the Roar singer is facing backlash for working with the producer on her song about female empowerment, which was supposed to be her comeback single
Perry's team also advised the Firework singer, 39,  to stay far away from the controversial producer, but Katy did not heed their advice.
And now the Roar singer is facing backlash for working with the producer on her song, which was supposed to be her comeback single.
However, the song has plummeted down the U.S. iTunes chart since debuting in the top 10 upon its release on Thursday, July 11. 
As of this writing, Woman's World has fallen out of the Billboard Hot 100 chart and sits at #123 on the U.S. iTunes chart.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group