By CHARLIE SPIERING, SENIOR POLITICAL REPORTER IN PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA 
 Published:  07:25, 6 November 2024   |  Updated:  07:45, 6 November 2024   
 254
View  comments
Donald Trump has won the commonwealth of Pennsylvania, a critical battleground state and one of the biggest prizes in the race for the White House.
The call by the Associated Press comes shortly after Trump captured the swing states of North Carolina and Georgia, crushing Kamala Harris' momentum and setting himself up well to capture the necessary 270 votes to win.
Trump now must capture only one more swing state to clinch victory. 
After losing Pennsylvania to President Joe Biden in 2020, Republicans poured significant resources into the commonwealth in an effort to repeat Trump's 2016 upset that helped him jump ahead of failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton.
Pennsylvania has the fifth-largest number of electoral votes in the United States with 19 and is seen as vital in an Electoral College victory for either winner. 
Republican presidential nominee and former President Donald Trump captured must-win Pennsylvania 
Harris performed worse than expected in the commonwealth.
Her decision not to choose Pennsylvania Gov. Josh Shapiro as her running mate may have hurt her in her final effort, despite criticism from Democrats who thought it would help her win the state. 
Harris made her final push in Pennsylvania on election eve, holding three rallies in the commonwealth and concluding her campaign in Philadelphia with Oprah, Lady Gaga, and a host of celebrities. 
'This could be one of the closest races in history. Every single vote matters,' Harris told the crowd in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, the state that could ultimately decide the election. 
Oprah issued a threat similar to one Trump fan Elon Musk put out from the opposite side of the aisle: that democracy is on the brink if the other candidate wins.
'If we don't show up tomorrow, it is entirely possible that we will not have the opportunity to ever cast a ballot again,' Winfrey said.
She added: 'All the anxiety and the fear you're feeling, you're feeling that because you sense the danger.'
Trump supporters were enthusiastic to hear the race called early Wednesday morning
Donald Trump arrives after midnight at the final rally of his campaign in Grand Rapids, Michigan
Vice President and Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris walks on stage at her campaign rally at the Carrie Blast Furnaces National Historic Landmark outside Pittsburgh
Your browser does not support iframes.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Republicans, also aggressively pursued problematic voting issues in polling places, filing legal challenges to keep the voting honest.
The Republican National Committee filed legal challenges in Cambria County after voting machines were not working properly. 
In other counties, Republicans engaged with local polling places to ensure that Republican poll watchers were allowed access to the counting process.
Supporters of Democratic presidential nominee, U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris, react as results are displayed
Meanwhile at Trump's watch in Florida, Tucker Carlson took pictures with supporters and the crowd was lively
US Vice President and Democratic presidential candidate Kamala Harris arrives to speak during a campaign rally on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway in Philadelphia
Your browser does not support iframes.
There is also a tight Senate race between Democrat Sen. Bob Casey and Republican challenger David McCormick.
It was too close to call as of 1:30 am on November 6.  
Biden, originally from Scranton, Pennsylvania, used his working-class roots to appeal to the electorate even though he moved to Delaware as a young boy.
But when he dropped out of the reelection race in July, the Democrats' hopes of winning the state plummeted.  
Kamala Harris stands hand-in-hand with Oprah Winfrey in her final rally of the presidential election with just hours until the first polls open 
Christina Aguilera performs during the Harris-Walz election eve campaign rally at MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas
Republican presidential nominee and former U.S. President Donald Trump flexes his muscles during a campaign rally at PPG Paints Arena in Pittsburgh
With 95 percent of the vote in, Trump leads the state with a margin of 193,539.
Harris failed to match Biden's performance in 2020, particularly in counties where Biden held wide margins against Trump. 
In Lackawanna County, which contains Scranton, Pennsylvania, Harris failed to match Biden's 2020 margin of eight points and only posted a three point margin against Trump in 2024. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group