I'm not trying to be mean, here

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Look, I'm not trying to be controversial here, but I think it's fair to admit that James Corden has his detractors, as well as his cheerleaders. The Gavin and Stacy star either conquered the US or very much didn't depending on your school of thought, but one undeniable breakout success from his time stateside was Carpool Karaoke.
Beginning as an occasional segment on The Late Late Show with James Corden, it absolutely exploded in popularity and consistently managed to lasso guests of an almost unbelievable calibre, musical or otherwise. Now it's got a holiday special on Apple TV+ (my favourite streaming service), but with one huge change that I can't deny I'm thrilled with – Corden himself isn't in the car.
The real reasons why Apple and Corden decided to go in this direction might never be known, and it's possible that it really was just a scheduled clash, but this time Corden isn't behind the wheel – famous radio host and longtime Apple collaborator Zane Lowe takes his place.
Corden does show up to set things up, but when it comes to actually chauffeuring Chappell Roan, Lady Gaga and Dua Lipa around for the holidays, it's all Zane. Honestly, the change had me breathing a sigh of relief – Corden might have been part of the origins of the format, but he had a way of dominating proceedings.
Of course, Corden also has undeniably impressive musical talents of his own, which were often useful in dueting with his guests, but most of us don't turn up to Carpool Karaoke hoping to hear duets – we want the guests singing in a more informal context than we're used to. Lowe's anchoring of the show in these three new specials is a lot more low-key.
He's also arguably a little better at stringing out the conversation between songs – he's been doing radio interviews for decades now, after all, including for years on Apple Music. I struggle to believe that anyone will turn these three segments on and yearn for Corden's return, basically, and I'm now very interested to see if Apple makes more episodes with Lowe at the wheel.
Either way, if you're an Apple TV+ or Apple Music subscriber you can check out the hour-long holiday special now and enjoy some festive tunes with three of the more characterful pop divas going right now.
Get all the latest news, reviews, deals and buying guides on gorgeous tech, home and active products from the T3 experts
Max is T3's Staff Writer for the Tech section – with years of experience reporting on tech and entertainment. He's also a gaming expert, both with the games themselves and in testing accessories and consoles, having previously flexed that expertise at Pocket-lint as a features editor. 

Harman Kardon's Onyx Studio 9 is a mid-size portable Bluetooth speaker that delivers big sound


Merrell’s Moab Speed 2 are supportive, incredibly lightweight and look great too


Heads of State seems ludicrous


Nine Perfect Strangers is back


Alien: Earth gets a teaser


Netflix is going for a big month


Here are five highlights coming soon


Mountainhead should be a blast


Netflix brings another manga to the screen


This show looks pretty unique


T3 is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.