Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The 2025 Golden Globe Awards air on Jan. 5. 

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, WWD may receive an affiliate commission.

	The 2025 Golden Globes will kick off the awards season on Jan. 7. Margot Robbie, Jennifer Lawrence, Emma Stone and other nominees are set to appear at the event, feeding social media users and fashion observers with new red carpet looks.

	But who will have a viral fashion moment this year? 

	Over the last decade, the Golden Globe Awards red carpet has served as a stage for many fashion statements that ended up on Google’s most-searched dress lists and praised (or not) on Instagram, Twitter and TikTok. 

Want to get in the mood for the 2025 Golden Globes? Shop WWD’s Golden Globes Amazon Storefront of red carpet-inspired beauty finds, from skin care products for glowing skin to photo-ready makeup and hair styling tools that deliver Old Hollywood glamour. 

	Here, WWD takes a look back at some of the dresses from the Golden Globes red carpet that sparked online interest through the years:




			You May Also Like		







	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			'RuPaul's Drag Race': Michelle Visage and Carson Kressley Reflect on the Show's Fashion Evolution Ahead of 'All Stars' 10 Premiere	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			A Look Back at Anna Nicole Smith's Kentucky Derby Style That Lives On Through Her Daughter Dannielynn Birkhead	
			








	Wearing a white dress with black straps by Dior, Lawrence saw her look transformed into a meme online, compared to a scene from “The Little Mermaid” and recreated with white sheets on social media by different influencers. That year, the actress won for Best Supporting Actress for her work in David O. Russell’s “American Hustle.” Now she is nominated for Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture, Musical or Comedy for “No Hard Feelings.” 

	










	One of the 2015 Golden Globes presenters, Kate Hudson commanded attention as she walked on the event’s red carpet in her white Versace dress, which featured cutouts on the bodice that transitioned into a backless silhouette. 

	Jane Fonda appeared at the 2016 Golden Globes wearing a dramatic silhouette. The Hollywood icon, who was nominated for Best Supporting Actress for her work in “Youth,” wore a ruffled white dress from Yves Saint Laurent. Later, Fonda revealed she chose the dress in order to cover her bandages from a mastectomy procedure. The actress has talked publicly about her past battles with cancer. In 2022, she was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma, and later, in December of the same year, she revealed she was in remission. 

	Brie Larson was among the most-searched names from the 2017 Golden Globes ceremony on Google. Larson, who wore a red Rodarte gown with bejeweled details on the bodice, presented the Golden Globe for Best Actor to Casey Affleck for “Manchester by the Sea.” 

	Pulling off an Angelina Jolie thigh-high slit moment, Issa Rae wore a black liquid chiffon dress by Prabal Gurung that was praised by her fans online. Rae was nominated for Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series — Musical or Comedy for “Insecure.” 

	Leave it to Lady Gaga to create a viral fashion moment. The singer wore a dramatic blue Valentino dress on the 2019 Golden Globes red carpet. Gaga was nominated for Best Actress and Best Original Song for her work in “A Star Is Born.” She ultimately took home only the latter, while Glenn Close was crowned Best Actress for “The Wife.” 

	










	Regina King ensured she would shine on the 2019 Golden Globes red carpet with her sparkling pink Alberta Ferretti dress. That night, King won Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture for her work in “If Beale Street Could Talk.” 

	Patricia Arquette chose a plunging black dress by Vivienne Westwood at the 2019 Golden Globes. Arquette won Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or a Motion Picture Made for Television for “Escape at Dannemora.” 

	Jennifer Lopez made a bow statement on the 2020 Golden Globes red carpet. Wearing Valentino, Lopez attended the ceremony in a voluminous gold and white dress decorated with a giant gold and green bow. The singer was nominated for Best Supporting Actress – Motion Picture for her work in “Hustlers.”

	Salma Hayek, who was invited to be one of the presenters at the 2020 Golden Globes, also chose a plunging silhouette for the event. Hayek wore a blue and white dress by Gucci, with a floral-embroidered top and a thigh-high slit skirt.  

	Renée Zellweger went blue for the 2020 Golden Globes. The actress wore a classic Armani Prive dress with crystal embroidery to receive her award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture Drama for “Judy.” Later, Zellweger made headlines for revealing that her dress was hiding her swollen ankle. 

	Charlize Theron, who is a Dior ambassador, wore a creation from the brand’s creative director Maria Grazia Chiuri to the 2020 Golden Globes. Theron was nominated for Best Actress in a Motion Picture — Drama for “Bombshell.” 

	A couple of years before the sheer trend started taking over the red carpets and runways, Gwyneth Paltrow set the bar with her brown Fendi dress at the 2020 Golden Globes. The Goop founder was one of the presenters of the night. 

	










	Putting an end to her Gothic-inspired style streak, the star surprised her fans with a cutout peachy dress by Gucci on the 2023 Golden Globe Awards red carpet. Her look was one of the most-searched of the year on Google. The actress was nominated for Best Actress in a TV Series, Musical or Comedy for “Wednesday.” 

	Bringing Christian Siriano to the 2023 Golden Globe Awards, Billy Porter wore a pink velvet tuxedo gown from the designer that went quickly viral on social media. Porter was among the presenters at the ceremony. 

	Selena Gomez was the latest star to wear a dramatic dress from Valentino on the Golden Globes red carpet this year. Gomez, who was nominated for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy TV Series for “Only Murders in the Building,” received another nomination for the same project last week.

	Rosamund Pike’s look for the 2024 Golden Globe Awards went viral as soon as she hit the red carpet. The “Gone Girl” Oscar-nominated actress wore a selection from Dior’s fall 2019 haute couture collection, which featured and all-black ensemble with ornate detailing and a coordinated headpiece.

	Lily Gladstone’s voluminous black cape and striking white dress created a major moment for the breakout “Killers of the Flower Moon” star at the 2024 Golden Globe Awards. The actress coordinated the custom Valentino look with jewelry courtesy of Bulgari.

	The 2025 Golden Globe Awards are scheduled for Jan. 5 at 8 p.m. ET. The show is produced by Dick Clark Productions, which is owned by WWD parent Penske Media Corp.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.