A news article
Napa Valley Register Correspondent
Chef José Andrés and actor Bradley Cooper share a moment at the William Sonoma Culinary Stage on the second day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Saturday, May 25.
Late Saturday afternoon, BottleRockers took a break from the music to watch a trio of superstars — Oscar-nominated actor Bradley Cooper, Golden State Warriors MVP Stephen Curry, and James Beard award-winning chef José Andrés — guzzle bourbon and throw cheesesteaks at them.
Their chaotic and electrifying 5:15 p.m. performance drew one of the largest crowds of the weekend to the Napa festival’s culinary stage, which gives celebrities a chance to promote their latest food endeavors while also getting to cook alongside some of the world’s most renowned chefs.
According to a BottleRock spokesperson, it was the biggest crowd in the culinary stage’s nine-year history. 
From the stage’s 2015 inception in partnership with Williams-Sonoma, the concept has been a hit with festivalgoers. The first major pairing on the culinary stage was Snoop Dogg with the restaurateur and "Iron Chef" Masamaru Morimoto. During their set, Morimoto taught Snoop Dogg how to roll something tastier than cannabis – sushi.
BottleRock’s spokesperson Tom Fuller said that it was that pairing that launched the stage to notoriety.
“Every chef wants to be a rock star; every rock star wants to be a chef. Getting them together, there’s all this amazing chemistry,” he said. 
Since then, the culinary stage has seen the likes of Cheech & Chong, Martha Stewart, Ayesha Curry, Questlove, Dave Grohl, E-40 and Lil Nas X.
This year's BottleRockers were overwhelmingly excited to see the trio of superstars. Santa Rosa resident Annmerie Hall, 42, was drawn to the barricade by Cooper, but was equally pumped to see the group together.
“It’s a trifecta,” Hall said. 
The crowd of all ages watched an initially empty stage with bated breath as the DJ played Bay Area rapper E-40’s Warriors remix of his classic “Choices.” 
Stephen Curry of the Golden State Warriors and chef José Andrés entertain the crowd at the William Sonoma Culinary Stage on the second day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Saturday, May 25.
Andrés, the Spanish chef making his fourth appearance on the culinary stage, got the first introduction, acting as the stage’s hype man for the half-hour performance. 
“Guys, are we not in the best place on earth?” Andrés said. 
Then pandemonium ensued.
Curry, the Warriors' legendary three-point shooter and four-time NBA champion took the stage, signed some Warriors sneakers thrown onto the stage and then got to business promoting his new venture, Gentlemen’s Cut Bourbon. 
“I know we’re in wine country, but it’s nice to change it up,” Curry said.
The two fed off each other's energy, and then began feeding the people by throwing Frisbees plastic-wrapped with ibérico ham slices into the crowd. Chip bags were also launched into the crowd, which then gave Andrés an idea.
“I want to do hoops with you,” he said to Curry.
The two played a friendly pickup game, taking turns throwing chips into a plastic basketball net.  Once their bellies had been warmed by Curry’s signature bourbon, Andrés wanted to show the crowd his Spanish-American twist on the Philadelphia cheesesteak – which took shape as a hollow bread puff filled with cheese mousse and topped with more ibérico and a caramelized onion paste.
Cooper, who recently started making cheesesteaks with Philly native Danny DiGiampietro, came to shut down Andrés’, well, twist on an American classic. 
“I went to Philadelphia and saw the most incredible baker, Danny, had the cheesesteak I’ve ever had in my life,” Cooper said. 
Cooper and DiGiampietro looked as if they had just finished their shifts as line cooks, hauling a tray of premade sandwiches, launching them in different directions at the crowd with help from Curry and Andrés.
In between cheesesteaks, Andrés threw on a Warriors jersey and downed bourbon out of a Spanish porrón, a glass wine pitcher, until it was gone. Cooper and Andrés also did their own rendition of “Shallow,” the Oscar-winning song from Bradley Cooper’s 2018 remake of “A Star is Born” co-starring Lady Gaga.
As their 30-minute tornado of a performance started to wrap up, the Michelin-star French chef Dominique Crenn popped out from the side of the stage to ham it up and cheekily discuss the upcoming Paris Olympics with Curry, who says he's prepared to win gold this summer with the U.S. basketball team.
Andrés then took a moment to discuss togetherness.
“We must always be on the side of humanity," he said. "What you don’t want to happen to you, you don’t wish to happen to others. This is the spirit of BottleRock.”
After the show was done, some audience members lined up to buy cheesesteaks from Cooper and DiGiampietro, while others discussed the free sandwiches they got to sample in the crowd and the other events of the festival weekend.
Hall was able to get a bite of Andrés’ take on the cheesesteak, noting the bread was similar to that of a pita chip, and it was intensely flavorful. 
The culinary stage was one of the main reasons 31-year-old Tareyn White booked a ticket, particularly to see Cameron Diaz promote her wine brand Avaline.
Stephen Curry of the Golden State Warriors, Chef José Andrés, actor Bradley Cooper and chef Danny DiGiampitro engage with the crowd at the William Sonoma Culinary Stage on the second day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Saturday, May 25.
“She’s so beautiful, she’s amazing, her smashburgers were so good,” White said. “The whole culinary stage was riddled with good people.”
Sunday’s culinary lineup kicked off with acclaimed chef and food writer Andrew Zimmern teaming up with rapper and chef Action Bronson at 3 p.m. Chef Melissa King and the Canadian rock band, The Beaches closed out the 2024 culinary stage at 7:30 p.m.
Norah Jones performs at the JaM Cellars Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
A fan holds up a sign as Norah Jones performs at the JaM Cellars Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Norah Jones performs at the JaM Cellars Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Josh Homme and Queens of the Stone Age performed the prime-time concert on the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third and last day of the 2024 BottleRock festival on Sunday, May 26.
Festival goers dance at the Pacifico Porch on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Festival goers take photos in the Spa on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Stephen Sanchez performs at the JaM Cellars Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
A performer blows bubbles from the Hendrick’s Gin booth on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Festivalgoers visited the 21 Seeds Infused tequila tent on the third and final day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Erica Grossman gets rapid rehydration treatment, in the form of B-vitamin-fortified intravenous injections, at the Spa on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26. On-site nurses said several hundred festival spectators received the IVs.
Festival goers dance through bubbles at the Expo's silent disco on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Festivalgoers packed the blanket area of the Napa Valley Expo on May 26, the third and final day of the 2024 BottleRock music festival.
Festival goers get sparkle treatment at the Spa on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
A performer entertains festival goers on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Dexter Holland and The Offspring perform at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
A mosh pit erupted during The Offspring performance at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
The Offspring guitarist Noodles stands on a speaker during the band’s performance at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Fans cheer during The Offspring performance at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Ed Sheeran plays with The Offspring during the band’s performance at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Someone in a gorilla mask tries to fire up the crowd during The Offspring show at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
The Offspring drummer Brandon Pertzborn is seen with a guitar pick stuck to his forehead playing during the band’s performance at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Ariel Thomas and her daughter Aurora Duarte, 5, cheer during The Offspring performance at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Fans cheered The Offspring's performance at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on May 26. 
Ed Sheeran plays with The Offspring during the band’s performance at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
The Offspring bassist Todd Morse is seen playing during the band’s performance at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Queens of the Stone Age perform at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
The late afternoon sun shines on festival-goers at the Aperol booth on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Josh Homme and Queens of the Stone Age perform at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Queens of the Stone Age bassist Michael Shuman plays during the band’s performance at the Verizon Stage of the Napa Valley Expo on the third day of BottleRock Napa Valley on Sunday, May 26.
Forrest Day opened the JaM Cellars Stage Sunday on the third and last day of the 2024 BottleRock in Napa.
The Silverado Pickups, a Napa-based band and a staple of the BottleRock festival, played the Truly Stage on the 2024 event's final day Sunday.
Cannons lead singer Michelle Joy performed on the Napa Valley Expo's Verizon Stage on Sunday, the third and last day of the BottleRock festival.
Cannons drummer Ben Hilzinger plays on the Verizon Stage Sunday at BottleRock in Napa.
The Tors performed Sunday on the third and final day of BottleRock at the Napa Valley Expo.
Tors opened Sunday's schedule on the Napa Valley Expo's JaM Cellars Stage on the last day of the 2024 BottleRock festival.
Lead singer Jordan Miller of The Beaches performed on the JaM Cellars Stage at the Napa Valley Expo on Sunday afternoon, the final day of the 2024 BottleRock.
BottleRock's final-day schedule Sunday on the main stage included an afternoon concert by The Beaches.
The Beaches drummer Eliza Enman-McDaniel and her bandmates performed Sunday on the final day of the 2024 BottleRock in Napa.
Sophia Zamani played the Prudential Stage on Sunday during the last day of the 2024 BottleRock festival at the Napa Valley Expo.
Brittany Davis performed Sunday on the final day of BottleRock at the Napa Valley Expo.
Windser performed at the Napa Valley Expo on Sunday, the final day of the 2024 BottleRock festival.
Fans flocked the Napa Valley Expo's Truly Stage on Sunday for a performance by Windser on the final day of the 2024 BottleRock.
Bully performed Sunday at the Napa Valley Expo on the final day of the BottleRock festival.
You can reach Riley Palmer at 707-256-2212 or rpalmer@napanews.com.
Napa Valley Register Correspondent
Friends and family of Berryessa's Turtle Rock bar collected the money pined to the ceiling of the cafe to donate to UCSF and celebrate the 15-year 'cancerversary' of Elijah Leung.
Take a ride around Napa on these motorized ADA-compliant scooters made to look like various critters and creatures, courtesy of Napa Valley Rydables.
Most of Napa’s River Park Shopping Center tenants cater to locals, not wine country visitors. Now a handful of tenants have left the center, or plan to. What's up at River Park? 
Protests will take place in Napa and across the Bay Area on Thursday as part of what are expected to be over 900 nationwide demonstrations for May Day.
The sheriff's office reported seizing 13 roosters from a Carneros site where it said the birds were altered and trained to fight other male birds.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Receive a daily update, along with our weekly Thursday e-edition.
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.