90 years of expert advice and inspiration, for every couple.
Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)

 If you click on links we provide, we may receive compensation.

It’s perfect to wear while traveling, especially on long-haul flights. 
Brides / Jill Di Donato
 Destination weddings always add excitement to the season. There’s the anticipation and planning, even if you’re not part of the bridal party. As a wedding guest, however, you’ll be reuniting with friends you may not have seen in a while, so it’s only natural you want to put your best face forward—and 111Skin’s Cryo De-Puffing Mask is my secret weapon do achieving a perfect base for my wedding guest makeup ahead of the big day. 

111Skin
 This fall, I traveled to Chicago for a wedding, where the temperatures dipped so low, it felt like winter. I packed my guest dress and shoes, plus a steamer to make sure I turned out a fresh look, but I was worried about the condition of my skin, which is something I tend to feel self-conscious about, especially when facing friends (and former beaus) I haven’t seen in quite some time. The long-haul flight had left me puffy and the chillier temperatures exacerbated my already-dry skin. 

 There’s nothing worse when makeup sits in the creases of dry skin or you can’t snatch your jawline because your face is too swollen. But, as a beauty editor for Brides, I have an arsenal of products at my fingertips and I knew the TikTok-viral 111Skin Cryo De-Puffing Mask would restore my skin in just 20 minutes after one application. Developed by Dr. Alexandrides Yannis, a London-based plastic surgeon, this line draws fans like Lady Gaga,  Victoria Beckham, Bella Hadid, and me. Ingredients like peptides, caffeine, and enzymes treat inflammation, de-puff, and tighten the skin, making fine lines appear less visible. 

 It is a luxury product, but much less expensive than scrambling to book a facial at your hotel ahead of a destination wedding. It’s my go-to travel essential, and I love to pair it with the 111Skin Cryo Revitalizing Moisturizer for that perfect makeup application. The results are impeccable—chef’s kiss.

Amazon
Amazon
Amazon
111Skin