Ozzy Osbourne has been looking increasingly frail following decades of spinal issues and battling Parkinson's disease - and his latest photo set is no exception. The 75-year-old Black Sabbath frontman turned solo metal star clutched a cane in his right hand as he hobbled along during a rare public outing.
He'd opted for his usual all-black uniform in the pics, teaming an ankle-length trench coat with trainers, while the star - who contracted Covid last year - also wore a mask over his nose and mouth. In one photo, a male companion could be seen offering his hand as a gesture of support as the pair walked arm-in-arm.
The latest snaps come just days after he revealed that he was "dying to make more music" with Grammy Award-winning producer Andrew Wyatt. He joked to Rolling Stone magazine of his struggles with resting and recuperating: "I've always gotta be doing something, or it drives me crazy. I’ve got a haunted head!"
However, it looks as though he may have to wait a little longer, as he claims Andrew is busy teaming up with Lady Gaga at the minute. Gaga collaborated with the Rolling Stones on the track 'Sweet Sounds of Heaven' for last year's Hackney Diamonds album, which also features Stevie Wonder.
Ozzy said he was impatiently waiting for a phone call from the producer amid his busy schedule, while his anticipation has also reached fever pitch over his nomination for the 2024 Rock 'n' Roll Hall Of Fame. In a statement, he enthused: "I’m deeply honored to receive this news... to be one of the few musicians who’s being considered for a second entry, now as a solo artist, is something I could never have imagined.
  READ MORE:    Radio 2 star Zoe Ball 'removed from air' as BBC icon takes over show  [TAKEOVER] 
"After 44 years as a solo artist the fact that I can continue to record music and receive this recognition is something I am incredibly proud of."
His reaction to the prestigious nomination couldn't have been more different from Liam Gallagher's, as he discovered Oasis had also been shortlisted for a gong.
"F***the Rock n Roll hall of fame its full of BUMBACLARTS," Liam bizarrely claimed in a short Twitter rant last month, before signing off with a kiss.
Meanwhile, Ozzy has admitted to Rolling Stone that he's a little tense about the occasion, as he feels he's facing very tough competition.
  Don't miss...     Cat Deeley and Ben Shephard 'replaced' as they make This Morning announcement  [LATEST]     Gary Barlow 'angry' about death of daughter Poppy and can't find 'peace'  [ANGER]     The Repair Shop’s Steve Fletcher’s life - Unexpected career to family tragedy  [INSIGHT] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
"It’s an honour that I’m nominated, but I’m not expecting to get in. There’s Mariah Carey, there’s Cher, Lenny Kravitz. I’m up against some serious people," he stated.
Despite Ozzy's passion to get back into studio life and his enthusiasm for receiving new awards, his touring days are numbered - if wife Sharon Osbourne's statements are anything to go by.
During her Cut The C**p tour in London in January, she revealed that Ozzy is no longer physically capable of touring from city to city, but that he will likely be performing farewell shows this summer in his hometown of Birmingham, as a "last goodbye" to his fans.
She also shared that the couple have moved back to the UK, confessing that one US city, San Francisco, had become like "one big homeless shelter".
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated