Taylor Kinney and Ashley Cruger took their scorching romance to the next level. 
The Chicago Fire actor and the model tied the knot during an intimate ceremony in Chicago April 30 after two years together, a rep confirmed to People.
Ashley, 35, also celebrated the news on her Instagram Stories May 14, sharing a photo of the couple sporting casual looks and cuddling together on a giant river rock with a red heart emoji. She shared another photo of herself being carried by Taylor on his back set to Taylor Swift's new song "But Daddy I Love Him," with the caption, "Mr. & Mrs. Kinney."
While Taylor, 42, and Ashley have kept their relationship fairly quiet since they first started dating in 2022, the actor has occasionally given his love sweet shoutouts on social media.
Sharing a photo with her in July 2022 posing in front of a lake with the sunset reflected in it, he wrote "She F--king Has Me," adding an eyes emoji and a plane emoji.
Taylor was previously engaged to Lady Gaga, with him popping the question on Valentine's Day 2015 with a heart-shaped diamond engagement ring.
"He gave me his heart on Valentine's Day," Lady Gaga, who met Taylor on the set of her "Yoü and I" in 2011, wrote on Instagram at the time, "and I said YES!"
However, they  called off their engagement in July 2016, with Gaga explaining, "Taylor and I have always believed we are soulmates. Just like all couples we have ups and downs, and we have been taking a break."
Want to see which other couples have tied the knot in 2024? Keep reading.
Brayden Bowers & Christina Mandrell
The Bachelor Nation couple got their happily ever after, tying the knot on Dec. 12 in a lakeside ceremony. They kept their nuptials on the down-low until January 2025. 
Emily Osment & Jack Anthony
The Hannah Montana alum married the singer-songwriter "four days ago," she revealed during an Oct. 16 appearance on CBS Mornings, with her brother Haley Joel Osment serving as one of the groomsmen.
Jason Duggar & Maddie Grace
The Duggar family officially gained a new member when Jason—the 12th child of Jim Bob Duggar and Michelle Duggar—tied the knot with Maddie Grace on Oct. 3, one month after announcing their engagement.
Rebel Wilson & Ramona Agruma
The Pitch Perfect alum exchanged vows with the fashion designer an aca-awesome Italian wedding Sept. 29, with their daughter Royce serving as one of the flower girls.
Lana Del Rey & Jeremy Dufrene
Forget being a Brooklyn baby—the "Blue Jeans" singer became a bayou bride when she married the alligator guide at his workplace, the Airboat Tours by Arthur docks in Louisiana, on Sept. 26.
For the swampside ceremony, Lana wore a custom CINQ gown, which she paired with a "something blue" ribbon in her hair.
Torrey DeVitto & Jared LaPine
The Pretty Little Liars alum had a pretty little wedding with the director in September ahead of the birth of their first baby together.
Ben Platt & Noah Galvin
The Pitch Perfect alum got aca-married to the the Real O'Neals alum on Labor Day weekend after four years of dating.
Jana Duggar & Stephen Wissmann
The former 19 Kids and Counting star tied the knot with the musician—one of 13 siblings and a member of The Wissmann Family gospel band—at a 500-guest wedding in Arkansas Aug. 15.
Despite knowing Stephen—whose sister Hannah is married to her brother Jeremiah—for years, Jana kept their romance out of the public eye until her nuptials.
"I haven't always understood what the bigger picture is, but I know that God knows what is best for all of us," she told People, addressing the yearslong speculation surrounding her relationship status. "And so for me, it's getting married later."
Jessica Szohr & Brad Richardson
Spotted: The Gossip Girl alum tying the knot with the former hockey player on Aug. 11 in a boho-chic Arizona ceremony. It was a star-studded affair, with Nina Dobrev serving as the Maid of Honor.
Saoirse Ronan & Jack Lowden
The Mary Queen of Scots costars wed at the Edinburgh Central Registrar’s Office, according to Scottish civil marriages records. Their nuptials reportedly occurred the weekend of July 20.
Jed Wyatt & Ellen Decker
The Bachelor Nation star, who vied for Hannah Brown's heart on 2019 season of The Bachelorette, married the fitness trainer at a Tennessee wedding on July 20.
Jana Kramer & Allan Russell
The One Tree Hill alum and the former soccer player wed in his native Scotland July 13 in front of 35 guests, including their newborn son Roman, as well as Jana's kids Jolie and Jace from her previous marriage to Mike Caussin and Allan's teenage son Troy from a past relationship.
Eddie Murphy & Paige Butcher
The Coming to America star wed the model on July 8—five years after after their 2018 engagement—at a private ceremony on the Caribbean island of Anguilla.
John Mulaney & Olivia Munn
The comedian and the Newsroom actress—who welcomed son Malcolm in 2021—tied the knot over the Fourth of July weekend, E! News confirmed.
Chase McNary & Ellie White
The former Bachelorette contestant and the hat designer tied the knot during a Colorado mountain wedding on July 6.
Thomas Brodie-Sangster & Talulah Riley
The Pistol costars tied the knot in June in a ceremony north of London, The Sun reported, less than a year after annoucing their engagement. 
Olivia Culpo & Christian McCaffrey
The former Miss Universe said "I do" to the San Fransisco 49ers player on June 29 at her home state of Rhode Island.
Jodi Balfour & Abbi Jacobson
The Ted Lasso alum married the Broad City co-creator at the Public Records restaurant and music venue in Brooklyn, New York, Cultured magazine reported June 5.
Hassie Harrison & Ryan Bingham 
The former Yellowstone actors announced in May 2024 that they'd exchanged vows after a year of dating—as Hassie noted to Vogue, "It’s true what they say—when you know, you just know.”
Millie Bobby Brown & Jake Bongiovi
The Stranger Things actress and the son of singer Jon Bon Jovi said "I do" during a private May ceremony, multiple outlets reported.
Hailie Jade & Evan McClintock
The couple tied the knot in an intimate ceremony in May 2024, which came a little over a year after they announced their engagement.
Taylor Kinney & Ashley Cruger
The Chicago Fire star tied the knot with the model in a private ceremony in Chicago on April 30 after two years together.
Sandy Yawn & Leah Shafer
The Below Deck Captain married her fiancée after five years of dating in a May 11 ceremony which, naturally, took place on a yacht. 
Sheri Easterling & Jess Curtis
Addison Rae's mom announced on May 11 that she and the high school football coach have been married, "One whole week today."
Nick Viall & Natalie Joy
The Bachelor alum and his girlfriend of about four years got married on April 27 in an elegant wedding ceremony on a Georgia farm owned by Natalie's family. The nuptials arrived two months after the couple welcomed their first child together, a daughter named River Rose Viall. 
Alex Cooper & Matt Kaplan
The Call Her Daddy host and the film producer tied the knot in an intimate Mexico ceremony on April 4 after four years of dating.  
Kimberly J. Brown & Daniel Kountz
The Halloweentown II costars married on April 19, 2024, several years after reconnecting.
Don Lemon & Tim Malone
The former CNN anchor married the real estate broker at a church in New York City April 6, five years to the day they got engaged and on Tim's 40th birthday.
Brock Purdy & Jenna Brandt
The San Francisco 49ers quarterback married his partner in Des Moines, Iowa March 9, almost a month after his team faced off against the Kansas City Chiefs in the 2024 Super Bowl.
Shohei Ohtani
The Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher, who previously made headlines for his $700 million contract with the team, announced in February that he quietly got married. While he didn't name his wife, he did say she was someone "who is very special to me."
His spouse's identity was later revealed to be Mamiko Tanaka, a former professional basketball player.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.