Watch the music video for the second preview of the guitarist’s highly-anticipated new album, Highway Prayers.
 By Scott Bernstein Aug 23, 2024 • 7:05 am PDT
Billy Strings released “Stratosphere Blues / I Believe In You,” the second single from his forthcoming studio album, Highway Prayers. “Stratosphere Blues / I Believe In You,” which has yet to be performed live, arrived with an accompanying JJ Horner-directed music video. 
The highly-anticipated follow up to 2021’s Renewal is due on September 27 via Reprise. Billy Strings tapped Jon Brion (Fiona Apple, Mac Miller, Aimee Mann) to co-produce Highway Prayers. “Stratosphere Blues / I Believe In You” comes on the heels of the album’s lead single, “Leadfoot.”
Highway Prayers was recorded in Nashville and Los Angeles. Strings is joined on the LP by his longtime band — Billy Failing (banjo, vocals), Royal Masat (bass, vocals), Jarrod Walker (mandolin, vocals) and Alex Hargraves (fiddle) on the 20-track effort. Additional contributions were made by Brion, Matt Chamberlain, Jerry Douglas, Jason Carter, Lindsay Lou, Nathaniel Smith, Taneka Samone, Cory Henry, Peter “Madcat” Ruth and Victor Furtado.
William Apostol laid down “Stratosphere Blues / I Believe In You” early this year during sessions held in Nashville. Billy Strings wrote the track and provided vocals, guitar, keyboards and percussion to the studio version. Strings used an E-Bow on an electric guitar to create outrageous tones. Taneka Samone (Lady Gaga, Childish Gambino) provided backing vocals while Jarrod Walker employed a tenor guitar on the six-minute cut.
Watch Billy Strings’ “Stratosphere Blues / I Believe In You” music video below:
Billy Strings makes his debut at the famed Forum in Los Angeles tonight, August 23. The guitarist will return to the legendary venue on Saturday to end his summer tour. Free webcasts of both shows can be viewed with a nugs.net subscription.

 Loading tour dates
    
 Everything you need to
 Go See Live Music
  Personalized music news & recommendations 
 Create a free account or log in.
 Join or log in via email.
 Not you?
 Forgot password?
 Let’s create your account to get started.
  8 or more characters
  At least 1 letter
  At least 1 number
 We’ll only send you notifications you opt into.
  Valid phone number
 By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.