Next year is shaping up to be Liverpool ONE's "biggest year for openings" yet. Huge names in fashion, beauty and personal care are confirmed and set to open as early as spring.
As we say goodbye to 2024, we enter the new year with the knowledge that 11 new brands are on their way. TFG London singlehanded brings four new brands - Hobbs, Whistle Phase Eight and Inside Story - while beauty fanatics finally have a local Sephora to enjoy.
Rob Deacon, Grosvenor’s asset management director at Liverpool ONE, previously said: "You’ll be seeing a lot more vinyl going up over the next few months as the scheme's tenant mix continues to evolve and elevate. 2025 will be the biggest year for openings since the scheme opened in 2008, with the strongest line up of new brands anywhere in the UK. Watch this space."
Bath & Body Works provides a range of body lotions, candles, home fragrances, soaps and personal care products. The American chain moves into the 3,000 sq ft unit previously occupied by Victoria's Secret on South John Street.
Bath & Body Works opened its seventh UK store in London's Westfield Stratford City earlier this month. An opening date for the Liverpool ONE store has been revealed for spring 2025.
Longstanding Liverpool ONE brand, Boux Avenue, is returning to South John Street from its temporary home on Peter’s Lane, having relocated to accommodate Zara’s upsize. The 3,000 sq ft space will showcase the brand’s full range of lingerie, nightwear, loungewear, sportswear, dresses, and swimwear.
Luxury watch company Breitling will open its first Merseryside store in Liverpool ONE early 2025. The Swiss brand opened in 1884 and has since launched 27 boutiques around the UK, with more than 250 stores worldwide.
Breitling is known for its industrial aesthetic and takes inspiration from motorbikes, pool tables and other typically masculine elements. The brand offers unisex watches, novelties, limited edition pieces and collector's items. Breitling will move into Liverpool ONE's Paradise Street, located between the BOSS fashion house and the former makeup unit Morphe.
Lifestyle brand, MINISO, has selected a 3,000 sq ft site to make its Liverpool debut. The store will stock the brand’s wide selection of popular collectables, plushies, beauty products, and snacks in 2025.
MINISO opened its first store in China in 2013, and has gone on to establish a massive store network worldwide. Saad Usman, chief operating officer at MINISO, said: “We are thrilled to be opening our city debut at Liverpool ONE, introducing our affordable and trendy collections from beloved brands such as Hello Kitty and Friends, Disney, and our new Harry Potter collection. With its vibrant atmosphere, Liverpool ONE is the perfect place for our new MINISO store."
Beauty and makeup retailer Sephora is set to open in Liverpool ONE in spring, 2025. The new store will move into a 6,727 sq ft space formerly occupied by shoe and sportswear brand Footlocker on South John Street.
Customers will have access to an exclusive range of beauty brands including Makeup by Mario, GXVE by Gwen Stefani, Haus Labs by Lady Gaga and viral brands Topicals, Glossier, Rare Beauty, Tatcha, Kayali and Glow Recipe. The extensive and high-quality own-brand Sephora Collection will also be available.
There is also the option to enjoy in-store beauty services including on-the-go treatments and an hour-long complete ‘Glam Look’. Sephora’s team of beauty advisors will be on hand to offer an array of bookable services across makeup, skincare, hair and brows.
TFG London is set to open its largest store at Liverpool ONE in spring 2025, bringing with it four new brands. The fashion retail group owns Hobbs, Whistles, and Phase Eight which are all planned to be stocked inside this new, 12,000 sq ft flagship store on South John Street.
Hobbs is known for its classic fashion stylings, Phase Eight for its occasion wear, and Whistles for contemporary womenswear. The flagship store will also include the homeware brand Inside Story, providing soft furnishings and décor, along with specialist collections such as bridal and petite ranges and a luxury styling suite for event shoppers.
The Japanese fashion brand will open in the Paradise Street unit formerly occupied by Tessuti. UNIQLO will open in spring 2025 with a sales space of approximately 1,430 sq meters spread out across two floors.
UNIQLO is known for its stylish, comfortable and high-quality items. The brand offers a unique range of clothing for all ages, genders and sizes. The brand is also known for its fashion collaborations across film, television and pop culture.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.