This golden girl is about to take center stage. 
In fact, The Golden Bachelorette will premiere this fall with lead Joan Vassos. After exiting The Golden Bachelor early due to a family emergency, ABC confirmed that the private school administrator will return for another shot at finding love.
"The Golden Bachelorette joins the Wednesday night lineup," ABC announced in a May 14 press release. "Where one radiant woman in her golden years will have a second chance at finding love."
And Bachelor Nation is already getting a glimpse of Joan in all her golden glory in a promo shared to social media, where she grabs a golden rose and waves to the camera, before declaring, "I'm Joan, and I'll be your first Golden Bachelorette."
The 60-year-old, who vyed for the heart of inaugural Golden Bachelor Gerry Turner, left the dating series abruptly in episode three due to her daughter giving birth, and subsequent battle with postpartum depression.
Joan previously admitted to wanting to return to The Bachelor Mansion as soon as she left. 
"I wanted to come back very, very badly," she explained to E! News in November. "I think Gerry and I had a good connection. And we didn't have closure, like we had unfinished business." 
However, Jane wanted to be there for her daughter, and ultimately decided to rule out love for the season. As she put it, "I couldn't do it."
The Golden Bachelor ultimately saw Gerry Turner, 72, find love with 70-year-old Theresa Nist—with the two even marrying in a televised special—but the pair announced they were parting ways after three months of marriage in April.
Still, the former couple, who cited their dedication to each living close to their respective families in different states, don't regret their time on the ABC reality series, nor do they want their breakup to shadow the positive effects of the show. 
"We have received so much love and support from so many people who watched The Golden Bachelor, and I don't think we can tell you how many people told us that it gave them so much hope," Theresa told Good Morning America in a joint interview with Gerry. "We want none of that to change for anybody."
And The Golden Bachelorette is already glittering, as Joan will get a second chance at love this fall. 
In the meantime, keep reading to see every show premiering in 2024—including ones you can binge right now. 
Virgin River (Netflix) - Dec. 19
This sixth season promises fresh twists and turns, escalating love triangles, delightful wedding drama, as well as uncovered secrets from Mel’s father’s past which will transport us to the magic and mystique of Virgin River in the 1970s.
Laid (Peacock) - Dec. 19
In the new series, a woman finds out her former lovers are dying in unusual ways and must go back through her sex timeline to confront her past in order to move forward. Laid is a f--ked up rom-com where the answer to “why can’t I find love, is there something wrong with me?” is a resounding “Yes. There is. The problem is definitely you.”
Ilana Glazer: Human Magic (Hulu) - Dec. 20
The Broad City alum tackles everything from motherhood to being a stoner in her new stand-up special.
Josh Groban & Friends Go Home for the Holidays (CBS) - Dec. 20
Hosted and executive produced by Josh Groban, the special features a new format combining compelling stories, music, comedy and a live adoption on stage, celebrating the creation of a new family. Musical performances include holiday classics, new releases and original duets with Groban and his guests, including James Bay, Jennifer Hudson, Tori Kelly and The War And Treaty.
2024 Back That Year Up with Kevin Hart and Kenan Thompson (Peacock) - Dec. 23
2024 Back That Year Up With Kevin Hart and Kenan Thompson returns for a third annual special highlighting the biggest moments of the year. The comedic duo will close out the year with their unfiltered humor as they recap the past year of pop culture, sports, social media and politics. The special will feature guest appearances from the year’s most talked about celebrities, including Nate Bargatze, Mookie Betts, Kenny G, Blake Griffin, Jon Hamm, Jonquel Jones, Seth Meyers, mgk and Rashida ‘Sheedz’ Olayiwola. 
The Flipping El Moussas (HGTV) - Dec. 26
Real estate power couple Tarek and Heather Rae El Moussa will continue to grow their working relationship while juggling the addition of a rambunctious toddler to their busy family life in the newest season of their follow-doc series.
The season will kick off in Hawthorne, California, where Tarek and Heather Rae tackle their most extreme flip project to date.
Squid Game 2 (Netfix) - Dec. 26
Three years after winning Squid Game, Player 456 gave up going to the states and comes back with a new resolution in his mind. Gi-hun once again dives into the mysterious survival game, starting another life-or-death game with new participants gathered to win the prize of 45.6 billion won. 
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.