From a county lines drug dealer to ticket-touting scammers, here are some of the criminals from Norfolk who were jailed last week.


Saleha Saed will serve five years in a young offenders institution  (Image: Norfolk Constabulary)


  Saleha Saed ran the so-called Fat Boy drug line which brought three kilos of heroin and crack cocaine from London to Great Yarmouth.


  She is also accused of being responsible for controlling other young gang members when she was aged just 18 and 19 after taking control of the line from her much older boyfriend.


  Saed, originally from East London, was arrested in June 2022 after texts from her were found on a seized mobile phone.


  The 21-year-old pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs between July 2021 and June 2022 and admitted an offence of arranging or facilitating the travel of another person with a view to exploitation.


  She appeared at Norwich Crown Court for sentencing and was given five years imprisonment to be served in a young offenders institution as she had been aged under 20 at the time.


Maria Chenery-Woods, also known as the Ticket Queen, has been jailed for four years  (Image: Norfolk Constabulary)


  Maria Chenery-Woods from Dickleburgh, known as the 'Ticket Queen', appeared at Leeds Crown Court on Friday to be sentenced for her involvement in a multimillion-pound touting firm.


  The judge said TQ Tickets Ltd, based in Norfolk, used more than 100 identities to buy tickets for acts such as Ed Sheeran and Lady Gaga and sell them on secondary ticket websites, often at highly inflated prices.


  The jury heard that in the period June 2015 to December 2017, the firm had sales in excess of £6.5m on secondary ticket platforms.


  Chenery-Woods was jailed for four years and ordered to do 180 hours of unpaid work with a 20-day rehabilitation activity requirement.


  She appeared at court alongside her employee Paul Douglas, 60 and of Pulham Market in Norfolk, who was given a prison sentence of two years and five months.


  He was also ordered to do 250 hours of unpaid work and told he must observe an electronically monitored curfew between 8pm and 6am for four months.


Benjamin Waldron had already served jail time for raping two schoolboys  (Image: Suffolk Constabulary)


  Benjamin Waldron, 49, previously served a 13-year prison sentence for raping two schoolboys.


  After his release, specialist 'public protection' officers visited his home to check on him and grew suspicious when he tried to stop them looking at his phone.


  The officers seized his device as well as a computer and a later search uncovered a large collection of indecent content featuring children.


  His devices contained 57 indecent images of children and eight videos in the most serious level A category, 264 images and one video in category B and 423 indecent images in the level C category.


  Waldron, previously of Haverhill in Suffolk but now of Jaguar Road in Norwich, admitted six offences of making indecent images of children and two offences of breaching a sexual harm prevention order.


  He appeared at Ipswich Crown Court where he was jailed for 28 months.


Greg Murphy, 30, was tackled by two passers by when he tried to escape police who caught him dealing drugs  (Image: Norfolk Constabulary)


  Greg Murphy, 30, was tackled by two passers by on Gentleman's Walk after he attempted to escape arrest near the entrance to the Chantry Place shopping centre. 


  The court heard he had several wraps of street heroin and crack and £177 in cash on him when he was arrested and his mobile phone was linked to numbers connected to the ‘Griffin’ county line.


  CCTV footage showed he had been selling drugs for four days up to his arrest on February 19.


  Murphy, of no fixed abode but previously from Great Yarmouth, admitted possession of class A drugs with intent to supply and money laundering of cash from drug sales.


  Judge Katharine Moore jailed him for a year and seven months. 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.