Lady Gaga performs in Paris, France, ahead the opening ceremony of the 2024 Summer Olympics, Friday, July 26, 2024.(AP Photo/Luca Bruno)
Look at her now. 
Lady Gaga, 38, recalled a more difficult times of her life while studying at New York University on 9/11, as she commented on a fan’s TikTok looking back on a Facebook group created by her former classmates titled, “Stefani Germanotta, you will never be famous.”
The viral TikTok post featured two pictures – a screenshot of the Facebook group and a picture of the Grammy winner at the 2019 Academy Awards alongside a list of many honors she received in her career, which includes 13 Grammy wins and an Oscar. 
“Some people I went to college [with] made this way back when,” said Lady Gaga, who was born Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, underneath the images. “This is why you can’t give up when people doubt you or put you down—gotta keep going.”
The star briefly attended NYU’s Tisch School of the Arts before leaving in 2005 to pursue a music career.
At the time, she began performing under the stage name, as word of her performances rapidly spread among her peers, which led to the now-deleted Facebook group. Members of the group made fun of her larger-than-life dreams of becoming famous, as they mocked her performances and aspirations. 
In fact, per Billboard, back in 2016, one of her former classmates, Lauren Bohn, recalled how members of the Facebook group belittled the famed singer and actress’ higher ambitions and even tore down flyers for her shows and trampled on them. 
“I also remember one dude posting a flyer for one of her upcoming gigs at a local village bar. He had clearly stomped on the flyer, an outline of his muddy [sole] struggling to eclipse her name,” Bohn wrote, as she praised Gaga for relentlessly pursuing her dreams. 
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices