ByClara Ludmir
ByClara Ludmir,
 Contributor. 
Beyoncé celebrates the launch of her hair care line, CÉCRED in Los Angeles, California. 
Over the past five years, the beauty industry has witnessed what now seems like a common phenomenon: singers, actresses and models launching their consumer brands. They leverage their buoyant visibility and fandom to create a line of beauty products that embodies their passion and image. After Selena Gomez, Jennifer Aniston, Rihanna, Hailey Bieber and others, Beyoncé is the latest celebrity to venture into the beauty world with the launch of her hair care brand Cécred.
The brand offers a range of eight hair products, part of “The Foundation Collection,” developed for all hair textures and rooted in rituals she inherited from her family. The business venture seems to be a family affair and one close to Beyoncé’s heart, with a clear focus on both inclusion and product performance.
She shared with Essence magazine: “Cécred is a legacy project for me, one that’s probably the most rooted in my ancestry. It’s so far beyond business. Hair is our lineage; it’s our family story. Having access to proven ingredients, and creating our own technology that is patent-pending—we now have a line that works universally.”
Beyoncé’s mother was a hairdresser who owned a hair salon and filled her daughter’s childhood with memories of working in the salon, interacting with clients, and trying out different hairstyles. “I have many beautiful memories attached to my hair. The relationship we have with our hair is such a deeply personal journey. From spending my childhood in my mother’s salon to my father applying oil on my scalp to treat my psoriasis— these moments have been sacred to me.” This sense of sacredness and cultural authenticity makes up the values of the brand, which represent the core foundations the singer aims to showcase.
This new offering within the beauty industry marks a phenomenon that is not uncommon but has taken a new shape in the past few years. Historically, celebrities had perfume brands, but recently more have leveraged their fame to launch business ventures in the beauty space. And while fame is not a guarantee for success, it certainly has helped propel certain brands to the forefront of the beauty retail landscape. Rare Beauty is one of the best-selling brands at Sephora and Savage x Fenty lingerie line, (owned by Rihanna) is valued at $1 billion according to Forbes.
Are all celebrity beauty brands always headed for success? Not necessarily. While having an already established loyal audience and financial support helps, other determining factors have helped unlock long-term growth for certain brands versus others. According to a report by Nielsen IQ, celebrity beauty brands surpassed $1 billion in sales in 2023, driven by a +58% growth compared to the previous year. Brands that can deliver on product performance while demonstrating genuine authenticity that resonates with a specific cohort of consumers are the ones that stand out, capturing what becomes a loyal, valuable customer base. Indeed, celebrity beauty brand buyers spend around $1,000 a year on beauty, 1.25 times more than the average buyer.
Rihanna's Fenty Beauty is sold across 1,600 stores worldwide thanks to a partnership with LVMH, ... More owner of Sephora.
Fenty Beauty has managed to immediately resonate with its audience thanks to its ability to fill a void in the market in terms of the breadth of foundation color range (40 shades), which enabled Rihanna’s brand to offer both high quality and inclusivity. Her product became widely accessible thanks to a partnership with LVMH (owner of beauty retailer Sephora), allowing for strong product placement and distribution worldwide. Rare Beauty, owned by Selena Gomez, is expected to have generated around $300 million in revenue last year, triple what it made in 2022. Gomez brought her relatability and dedication to mental health to the brand’s platform, also resonating with a wide audience. The star has made her brand highly mission-driven, while also ensuring high product performance, two factors that when combined help unlock an audience even wider than her fanbase and explain part of its success.
Beyoncé's brand Cécred aims to combine cultural authenticity, values, and high product quality to resonate immediately with an audience and fill a market gap. As celebrity brand fatigue might start to settle in, some could argue that they are unfairly set for success given the striking advantage they start with strong financial support and immediate, extensive visibility and partnership opportunities. The reality might be different, with many brands also failing to provide strong innovation and resonate with an audience. Examples include Jared Leto's Twentynine Palms, Jonathan Van Ness' JVN Hair, and Lady Gaga's Haus Beauty.
To endure, celebrity brands must offer tangible value through product performance while authentically aligning with an audience. This will mark the gap between the ones that thrive and those that close down, and contribute to making beauty retail more mission-driven than ever before.