We’re more than a quarter of the way through 2024, and while the pandemic-era lockdowns have become an increasingly distant memory, one thing continues to stick – companies offering fully remote jobs to employees all across the globe. 
You can see why, too. In our recent survey of over 1,000 business leaders found that organizations offering remote and flexible working actually report higher productivity levels than those that don’t. 
This is why it’s not just trailblazing small businesses exploring the value of providing these sorts of new-age arrangements. In fact, some of the most lucrative and interesting remote role vacancies are currently being advertised by companies like Apple, Google, and Microsoft – despite the fact they still spend billions of dollars on office space. 
In this guide, I’ll take you through the best remote jobs to apply for in April 2024, and where on the web you’ll need to go to apply.
Verifying
Get the latest tech news, straight to your inbox
Stay informed on the top business tech stories with Tech.co's weekly highlights reel.
 By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. 
Author’s note: This article exclusively discusses roles that are designated as virtual and/or remote roles by the companies featured. Geographical locations attached to the end of any jobs listed pertain only to the region, office, or team you’ll be working closely with. 
If you’re looking for a job at Apple, you’re not the only one. The tech giant used to be the world’s most valuable company, and although it’s been usurped by arch-rival Microsoft in the past year, its reputation for building the world’s most-loved tech hardware remains untarnished.
Howeever, Apple CEO Tim Cook has been adamant over the last few years about the merits of in-office work, adding gradually more days to their return-to-office mandate during 2022 and 2023.
Apple eventually resorted to threatening employees who refused to come in with disciplinary action. The company now requires most employees to come in to the office three days a week at a minimum.
However, despite firm opposition from the company’s top brass, there are still fully remote roles available at Apple.
This just in! Viewthe top business tech deals for 2025 👨‍💻
On the company’s job portal, there are currently 28 jobs with the “home office” tag – far fewer than Microsoft and Google offer. Here are some of the best:
If you’d like to find out more, visit the Apple careers portal and use the filters to find jobs that fit your requirements.
Along with Apple, Amazon was another company that practically went to war with its employees over return-to-office mandates after lockdowns eased off. At Amazon, this led to thousands of employees signing a petition in February of last year in an ultimately unsuccessful attempt to reverse the decision.
Now we’re in less tumultuous times, and Amazon is now offering a range of remote roles for corporate employees. In fact, there are 107 currently listed as vacant on the company’s jobs portal. Here are some of the most intriguing:
You can find Amazon jobs that suit your skillset on the Amazon jobs page. In the location box, simply select “remote” rather than specifying a city or country to find roles that aren’t attached to an office.
If you’d like to explore a non-remote role at Amazon, there’s a separate page for Amazon’s warehouse jobs. However, the company’s treatment of its warehouse staff has been criticized several times over the last few years, with workers’ strikes also taking place regularly.
Just like you should with any employer you submit a job application to, ensure you sufficiently research its working practices, ethics, values, work perks, and benefits – this is especially important when it comes to applying for roles at enormous, multinational companies like Amazon.
While OpenAI, Microsoft, and Google have been making waves with their AI chatbots over the past eighteen months, Nvidia has tightened its stranglehold on the AI chips market, something its rivals are looking to challenge in the coming months.
Nvidia’s recent commercial success has earned the company an eye-watering $2.2 trillion market cap. The company recently released a “superchip” they claim offers 30 times greater performance than the chips currently powering the servers that AI systems like ChatGPT run on – and that doesn’t come cheap.
If you want to get in on the action, you don’t necessarily have to be an AI expert – there are more than 200 fully remote roles on the company’s jobs portal, including:
For the full list of remote roles on offer at Nvidia – as well as the hundreds of vacant office roles currently at the company – head over to the company’s careers page. The company also provides a lot of video content you can watch to find out more about life at the company.
Microsoft is currently the most valuable company in the world. It currently employs more than 220,000 staff – that’s more people than live in Des Moines, Rochester, and Salt Lake City.
The company has been busy over the last two years, spearheading the AI revolution by bankrolling ChatGPT creators OpenAI, while simultaneously developing and releasing its own AI assistant, Microsoft Copilot.
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has taken a more laissez-faire approach to his staff’s working arrangements since the pandemic, at least compared to companies like Apple and Google.
While Microsoft generally wants staff to be in the office for at least half of the week, in most cases, it’ll be down to individual managers to decide for their team.
So, this actually makes it one of the best companies to work for remotely – and there are currently 1327 remote roles open at Microsoft. Here are some to consider:
You can peruse the rest of the Microsoft remote jobs on offer by heading over to their careers page. Just make sure you select the “up to 100% work from home” option on the “Work site” filter.
Netflix is one of those companies people dream of working for – you just get to watch movies all day, right? Well, actually this IS what you get to do in the widely-search for Netflix “tagger” role – watch a movie, and then tag it with keywords so users can find it.
One Reddit user who claimed his brother occupies one of these roles says they tend to pay around $80k to $200k per year. However, other reports position it as more of a side hustle that can earn you around $250 per month.
While the tagger role certainly exists, currently, there are no open vacancies for this kind of role on Netflix’s jobs portal. However, there are a lot of other, fully remote roles available at Netflix that you can apply for now:
For more information about the job specifications, head over to Netflix’s jobs page, where you’ll find a full list of all the roles open.
A surprise last-minute entry to our April 2024 remote jobs list, Airbnb has a range of roles worth exploring if you’re on the hunt for a job that won’t tie you down to an office.
It’s not surprising, either. Considering all of the hours worked in Airbnb accommodations every year by digital nomads constantly on the move, it would be a bit rich if the company weren’t offering something similar to their staff! Plus, Airbnb’s CEO is a long-time fan of new-age working arrangements like hybrid and remote working. Here are some of the remote roles on offer at the travel company:
One of the coolest things about working at Airbnb is that the company provides staff with a $2000 travel stipend that they can use whenever they want. Airbnb also offers a much more generous parental leave program than offered by most companies, including 10 weeks off and a further 12 weeks of reduced hours – both with full pay. Check out all the remote roles available on Airbnb’s vacancies page.
If you work in any industry where managing customer relationships is key, you’ve probably heard of Salesforce. The multi-purpose CRM platform has more than 70,000 employees and has been growing quite rapidly since the pandemic.
Although Salesforce isn’t known for being quite as flexible as the likes of Airbnb with its remote working arrangement, CEO Marc Benioff revealed last year that he’d “always been a remote worker” – so at least you know you’ve got the boss on your side.
Salesforce has vacant roles in teams that deal with customer engagement, research, development and strategy, real estate and facilities management, and user experience – to name just a few. More than 240 of the roles currently open are fully remote. Here are the picks of the bunch:
For a full rundown of all the 200+ vacant roles at company, head over to Salesforce’s careers page and simply type “remote” into the keyword search bar.
Japanese multinational tech company Sony is best known for the PlayStation games console and various other world-renowned consumer electronics devices. The company also owns and manages the commercial rights to musical giants like the Beatles, Michael Jackson, Bob Dylan, and Lady Gaga.
Sony has a 4/5 Glassdoor rating from former and current employees at the company, with some remarking on the above-average pension contribution made by the company. Others reveal that Sony employees can buy and sell holidays as and when they please, meaning they can take home extra money instead of a vacation.
Sony has a slightly more confusing jobs portal than many of the other big names on this list. I found I had to select multiple different options just to get it to show me the remote jobs available in the US. Despite my troubles, here are some of the most interesting vacancies I saw:
And with that, we conclude our list of the best, fully remote jobs available in April 2024. I wish you the best of luck with your application!
Verifying
Get the latest tech news, straight to your inbox
Stay informed on the top business tech stories with Tech.co's weekly highlights reel.
 By signing up to receive our newsletter, you agree to our Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. 
 We're sorry this article didn't help you today – we welcome feedback, so if there's any way you feel we could improve our content, please email us at contact@tech.co 
 HR professionals have seen a huge influx of ADA requests in... 
 Intel joins the line of tech companies bringing workers... 
 Big tech firms have gone from mandates to ultimatums in... 
 The governor demands that state employees work in-office...