It’s early December, which means that a) Christmas music in department stores has reached an absolute fever pitch (not to be a grinch, but if I hear Carrie Underwood’s version of “The First Noel” while I wait in line to buy lip balm one more time, I’m going to lose it) and b) it’s officially Spotify Wrapped time.
My own Wrapped boasts plenty of predictable fare this year, from Brat to Chappell Roan to Doechii, but as always, there are some songs I’m somewhat humiliated to learn I had on repeat. For example, did I really need to listen to “Another Day” from the Rent soundtrack upwards of 100 times? So, in the spirit of leading with vulnerability, I’ve once again asked the Vogue staff to disclose the embarrassing discoveries they gleaned from their Spotify Wrapped in 2024. Read them all below.
“It’s not embarrassing, per se, but Lady Gaga’s ‘Disease’ is one of my most-played songs of the year—and it only came out at the end of October. Am I OK?” —Christian Allaire, fashion and style writer
“Let it be known that I am never embarrassed by my musical choices! But the funniest thing—by far—was that Romy Mars’s “Stuck Up” was my #3 most listened-to song this year. It was a bop when it came out and I know that when I listen to the song in five or 10 or 15 years it will always transport me to the summer of 2024.” —Laia Garcia-Furtado, senior fashion news editor, Vogue Runway
“Today is historically the most shameful day of the year for me, an Apple Music user. That said, ‘Burnin’ Up’ by the Jonas Brothers may or may not have crept its way into my most-listened songs of 2024.” — Hannah Jackson, fashion writer
“‘Houdini’ by Dua Lipa was my most listened-to song of 2024. I knew I loved Dua, but I didn’t know that I was that much of a fan that I am in the 0.05% of listeners to that song! Anyways, stream Radical Optimism!” — Irene Kim, production and editorial associate
“Sigh. What can I say? I am my mother’s daughter.” —Marley Marius, features editor
“While this song didn’t make my top five, it still found a spot in my top 100: ‘Hey Baby (Drop It to the Floor) (feat. T-Pain)’ by Pitbull. I was training for a half-marathon during the first half of this year and turned to this song when I needed some extra motivation during longer runs...quite a choice on my part. But if you do want to run faster, I recommend giving it a listen.” —Kylee McGuigan, associate production manager
“Not embarrassing in and of itself, but embarrassing to be my most-listened-to Brat track. (Also my most-played song of the year.) I’m not sure how it beat ‘I think about it all the time,’ but the data doesn’t lie.” — Madeleine Schultz, Vogue Business reporter
“I know I’m not the only parent out there whose Spotify has been more-and-more-every-day co-opted by their tween daughter—so much so that the Wrapped reveal has long skewed toward the musically schizophrenic. A few days ago, in anticipation of said reveal, said daughter, Esme, demurely asked that we consciously uncouple our Spotify and set up her own account—but until then, we’re sharing one last Wrapped, consisting of 95% straight-up-the-middle pop bangers with some moody, emo-ish veers (Chappell, Charli, Laufey, TV Girl, Beach Bunny, Pink Pantheress, etc.)…unpeacefully coexisting with the Helsinki dark metal-ish Musta Huone, Brian Eno's most somnolent ambient soundtracks (parent-core at its most essential)—and, yeah, “Just Another Rainbow,” the spine-tingling new single that Liam Gallagher and John Squire put out back when the notion of an Oasis reunion was still just a fever dream.  —Corey Seymour, Senior Features Editor
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty