Bates Motel coverage including spoilers, reviews, pictures, videos, recaps and interviews

Bates Motel coverage including spoilers, reviews, pictures, videos, recaps and interviews
Upon first learning about Bates Motel and its desire to revisit the Psycho franchise, it was easy to roll my eyes simply because the attempt at rebooting the 
One of the most iconic scenes in the history of movies is the shower scene from the 1960 classic horror film Psycho.   It’s one of the most talked abo
Tonight is the episode that everyone’s been waiting for on Bates Motel.  It’s not only the debut of Rihanna playing Marion Krane but it’s t
As sick a show as it is, and as sick a character Norman Bates is on Bates Motel, there are times that you simply have to laugh (in a twisted way).  The very 
We’ve gotten some small hints on what to expect from season 5 of Bates Motel.  About a week ago we shared an interview with Vera Farmiga and Freddie Hi
Some surprise news came out of the Bates Motel panel at San Diego Comic Con today. Following in the vein of Lady Gaga trying her hand at acting in a horror se
While viewers would like the show to last for years to come, they’ll soon see that Bates Motel wasn’t meant to be a long term series.   In the f
by Autumne Montague The truth is out this episode of Bates Motel. Dylan fesses up to Romero that he killed Nick Ford, Norma lets Norman in on what happens dur
by Autume Montague This week’s episode of Bates Motel is entitled “The Box” and I think that can refer to more than the obvious. Norman is being hel
by Autumne Montague Last week I complained that watching Bates Motel was like trying to figure out how two separate storylines connected; this week Dylan̵
We only use unique illustrations and content.
          Some materials may include links to partners. This does not impact our content and editorial policy,
          but rather provides opportunities for development.
        
Are you the PR for a TV show, movie, or network? We’d love to work with you – reach out to us at