The One Show hosts Alex Jones and Roman Kemp were stunned to silence after Kasabian star Sergio Pizzorno made a dark comment about death during a lighthearted chat.
Sergio, 43, appeared on the show on Friday evening alongside the likes of Paul Whitehouse and Gabby Logan. As it's Glastonbury weekend, the musician was asked about his band's last performance at the festival and he joked about having absolutely 'no recollection' of it.
Host Alex also asked him whether his latest album, Happenings, would hit number one in the charts. She asked: "You’ve had album out a week today. You’ve had six number-one albums already. Is this lucky number seven?" as they stood outside the BBC studios ahead of his performance.
With a straight face, Sergio answered: "I hope so, but who knows. Let’s hope no one dies,” as he put his hands together in a prayer. “That’s always the worst thing. Someone can die and then you’re just finished." The silence with the other guests was palpable before Alex said: "Well, that's very dark."
Paul burst into laughter before Roman said: "And it's a Friday show so I'm going to change it." It comes after it was reported that Kasabian were tipped to be one of the surprise acts for Glastonbury this year.
This year, fans speculated that the nineties band Kasabian will be the surprise act at Glastonbury. The rumour mill started churning when William Hill stopped taking bets on the band's appearance at the festival next week. Other potential secret set performers rumoured included Pulp, Kings of Leon, The Killers and Harry Styles.
However, Kasabian announced they'll be embarking on a tour in July this year. Many believe that they could use Glastonbury as a warm-up before heading to Edinburgh on 3rd July this year. The band, established in 1997, comprises singer and guitarist Sergio Pizzorno, bassist Chris Edwards, drummer Ian Matthews and guitarist Tim Carter.
Their hit songs include Fire, Underdog, Shoot The Runner and Where Did All The Love Go? In 2023, the Foo Fighters made a surprise appearance in a secret set slot. They were listed on the lineup as The Churnups, but many fans noticed that no such band existed. Some then predicted the rock band's appearance after Dave Grohl posted a message on Instagram thanking fans for their support and for 'churning up these emotions together'.
In the past, we've seen surprise performances from big names like Lady Gaga, The Killers and Franz Ferdinand at Glastonbury. So, it's no shocker that fans are anticipating a major band to fill one of the TBA slots this year. The Pyramid stage will be graced by Coldplay, Dua Lipa and SZA as headliners this year. It's a first for both Dua Lipa and SZA to headline the Somerset festival, but not for the legendary Coldplay who have performed there four times before.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.