Seeing Taylor Swift over the weekend for her second UK Eras Tour show in Edinburgh was one of the most memorable nights ever. Witnessing such an icon in her prime, take to the stage mere metres away from me was a dream come true.
But as incredible as the show itself was - from Taylor's stage presence and mind-blowing vocals, to the talented dancers and overall production - there were three things I struggled with. None of them have anything to do with Taylor or her tour, but rather my own judgement.
If you are going to see her live over the coming weeks, whether it's at Liverpool, Cardiff or London, these are the three things I wish I knew before going. The main point is wishing I went to the bathroom much sooner than I did - as for the other two points, they largely depend on what kind of tickets you bought.
For my first point, I wish I accepted my fate sooner. For context, my friends and I arrived at Edinburgh's Murrayfield Stadium at around 1.30pm on Saturday (June 8) - Taylor wasn't due to go on stage until around 8pm.
So, we thought we arrived early, with our chances of getting a good view of Taylor being pretty high. We had General Admission Standing tickets, which meant we had to follow the 'pink route' around the stadium.
After getting our tickets checked and our bags searched, it became clear that we had not arrived early enough. Already, there were masses of Swifties in a queue, many of whom were sitting on picnic blankets or were sitting on deck chairs.
The majority of these fans had arrived hours before, and a good chunk were VIP ticketholders, which meant they were able to enter the stadium an hour for General Admission ticket holders. From that moment, I wish I just accepted we probably wouldn't be able to secure a perfect view of Taylor.
When we were let into the stadium, a bit after 4pm, my friends and I skipped getting food or going to the bathroom in hopes of securing ourselves a good spot near the stage. We were wrong.
We got as close as we physically could. But, the sea of people who were already sat on the floor claiming space looked like it went on forever.
So, my advice would be to either go seriously early if you want a really good view of Taylor close up. Or, just accept that you may not be as close as you'd like and may not always be able to see her, or have a complete clear view of the screen.
But no matter what, being lucky enough to even have tickets to witness Taylor Swift's Eras Tour in the person should be enough. You will have an incredible time regardless.
The health-conscious side of me is screaming at my second point. For a whole eight hours, I didn't go to the bathroom. There's no way I should have allowed myself to not go for that long, and I am sure not recommending anyone does what I did.
Looking back, I should have gone as soon as I entered the stadium. I went before we got a taxi to the stadium, but once we arrived, we spent two hours in a queue.
Once we were let in, we were too bothered about getting a good spot to risk it all by going to the toilet. After we settled into the place we were likely to stay in for the next several hours, we took it in turns to get food.
We told each other that we would go to the toilet after Paramore (Taylor Swift's support act), so we wouldn't miss any of their set or any of Taylor's. After Paramore finished, one of my friends went to the toilet - we tried hard to save her space, but everyone squeezed into it - even though she was coming back.
She was gone half an hour. The queue for the toilet was that long.
When she managed to slide through the small gaps in between the crowds of people, back to her original space next to us, it was then my turn to go to the bathroom.
But, all of a sudden, Applause by Lady Gaga started to play. Any Taylor Swift fan will know that when this song comes on, she will be taking to the stage straight after.
And, indeed, that is what she did. I panicked and felt like I had no choice but to go a further three hours without going to the toilet - even though I needed it.
I somehow managed to hold it in until the end of her show, don't ask me how, it is something I'll never do again. But I really wish I had just gone much earlier when I should have and not worried about getting a good view as much.
Nothing is worth getting stomach pain in the middle of a three hour concert because you need the bathroom. The gig is so long, you'll only miss a small part of it anyway.
This last point is up for debate. But, from my personal experience on Saturday, I really wish I didn't underestimate how desperate us fans are to see even just a glimpse of Taylor. Taller people will stand in front of you, they will accidentally elbow you and you will get irritated at times.
After waiting almost a year to see her in person and with there being an insane amount of hype in the last few months, I should have know we'd forget all manners when it came to being in the stadium. As my friends and I were standing, describing our six hours in Murrayfield Stadium as a workout is an understatement.
I've never had to use so my parts of my body at once before - I had to stand with my legs apart with my feet facing outwards in the two tiny gaps I had left to stand in.
I had to lean back slightly as the girl in front of my was centimetres away from my face. I also had to try my hardest to not fall on top of the girl that was sitting directly behind me.
As soon as there is a slither of space made, whether that be from someone leaving to go to the toilet or to just quickly buy a drink, everyone instantly jumped into that spot. But when the person came back, it meant we were all packed in like sardines with hardly any space to dance or use your phone to take pictures and videos.
But, there were times you'd get a better view by watching the concert through your phone than with your own eyes. Also, do not be afraid to ask fellow Swities to take off their cowboy hats if it is blocking you view - I had no choice but to and the girl was very polite about it.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.