Manage your account
"Hearst Magazines and Yahoo may earn commission or revenue on some items through these links."
Las Vegas is known as a hot spot for many things: gambling, partying, and, of course, live music. Almost all of the greatest musicians of all time have played in Las Vegas at least once during their careers. Some have even called Vegas their home during residencies at fabulous locations where they have performed for fans for weeks or months at a time. The city is full of music history, and even now there’s no shortage of opportunity to see some great shows if you visit Vegas.
Iconic venues like House of Blues, Stoneys Rockin Country, the arena at MGM Grand, and the T-Mobile Arena are great places to be to see some truly excellent live music, but they’re not the only spots. For years, the strip has been where so many music artists want to be. Here’s a look at some of the best artists to bring their talents to Las Vegas.
Las Vegas and Elvis nearly go hand in hand, so of course the King gets a spot on this list. Presley made his first Vegas appearance in 1956, and although he wasn’t a huge hit there right away, he eventually became a staple in the city. A 4-week residency in Vegas years later helped revive his career in 1969, and today, you can see remnants of his legacy everywhere there.
Related: How the King Made Sin City His Home
It’s hard to talk about Las Vegas’ music scene without mentioning Liberace. The pianist was a very popular performer in the 1950s and ’60s, and after performing in Vegas a few times, he quickly became one of the most popular and highest-paid stars in the city.
Frank Sinatra is an iconic figure in the music industry and equally multitalented with a prestigious filmography to boot. Sinatra also had a huge impact on the music scene in Las Vegas, after making his debut at the Desert Inn in 1951 in the face of a career downturn. Spend part of your Vegas trip following in Sinatra’s footsteps at his favorite spots, like Champagne’s Cafe or the Golden Steer Steakhouse.
Canadian singer Celine Dion is known for her powerful vocals and her pop music hits. She has also been a Las Vegas mainstay, with two residencies under her belt. Her first residency, which was titled A New Day... and performed at The Colosseum at Caesar’s Palace from 2003 to 2007, is still the most successful Vegas residency in history. Her second residency, called Celine, stretched from 2011 to 2019, to a positive reception from critics and fans yet again. The star was supposed to start a third in 2021 but had to postpone due to health issues.
Brother-sister duo Donny and Marie Osmond brought their act to Las Vegas in 2007 after years of their solo careers. Their show was so successful that it went on to run for 11 years, ending in 2019 with a total of nearly 2,000 shows. They left such an impression that the Flamingo Hotel’s showroom, where they sang, was renamed the Donny and Marie Theater.
The legendary Elton John brings energy to every show he does, so of course he was a hit in high-energy Las Vegas as well. Throughout his career, John has performed in Sin City more than 400 times. He had two residencies there at the Colosseum at Caesars Palace, one from 2004 to 2009 and the second from 2011 until 2018.
Some have credited Britney Spears as the musician who changed up the music scene in Las Vegas, making it more popular for of-the-moment musicians again rather than just old favorites whose careers were fading away. The ’90s pop superstar launched her residency there in 2013, which ran for four years and was incredibly successful, a trailblazing moment in her already-stellar career.
Unlike other musicians, Prince never had a lengthy residency in Las Vegas. Still, the iconic performer’s brief time there made its mark and is still very notable. In November 2006, Prince opened up a nightclub in Sin City called 3121 at the Rio All Suite Hotel and Casino. There, he performed every week on Friday and Saturday nights through April 2007.
Mariah Carey is known for her pop ballads, incredible voice with an enchanting whistle register, and has called Vegas her home multiple times. Her first residency took place at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace and ran from May 2015 until July 2017. She returned to the same venue a year later to do a second residency from July 2018 through February 2020. Both proved to be successful enough for Carey to announce a third residency kicking off in April 2024.
Barry Manilow is no stranger to Las Vegas—some call him the King of Sin City over artists like Elvis or Frank Sinatra. Manilow has been performing in Vegas regularly since 1975 when he had his first show at the then-Hilton. He has had several residencies in Vegas and has been playing at the Westgate Resort for more than 14 years, beating a record for most shows at the iconic location which was previously held by Elvis.
The best-selling female country music artist of all time, Shania Twain is a trailblazer for other female musicians. Along with some well-received tours, the Canadian singer has left her mark on Vegas as well. Twain’s first residency ran from December 2012 until the end of 2014, and her second began in 2019 and ended in 2021. Her third Vegas residency, called Come on Over, opens in May 2024.
Jennifer Lopez’s decades-spanning career has seen her on all sorts of stages and screens. It was no surprise that, in January 2016, she started a Las Vegas residency that ran for about two years. It quickly became one of the highest-grossing Vegas residencies of all time and was the top residency for a Latin artist. She’s set to return to Sin City in 2024 for a stop on her This is Me...Now tour.
Wayne Newton is another extremely popular singer—and he’s also known as one of the biggest entertainers in Vegas, with nicknames like Mr. Las Vegas to cement his legacy. He first performed in Sin City in the late 1950s and ended up becoming one of the most popular performers there. He is the highest-grossing entertainer in Las Vegas history and calls Caesar’s Palace home.
Cher is an American icon: a talented singer, actor, and television personality who is also known for her elaborate performances, especially in Las Vegas. Dancers, glitz, and over-the-top costumes make her shows fun and exciting, even by Vegas standards. She has performed there hundreds of times and has completed three residencies with a fourth on the way in 2024.
As a singer, songwriter, actor, and director, Barbra Streisand has one of the most recognizable names, faces, and voices in Hollywood. She has never headlined a Las Vegas residency, though she has performed all over the Strip throughout her very long career. She had a friendship with Liberace, who requested Streisand as the opening act for his residency at the Riviera and thus granted the star her Vegas debut.
Lady Gaga made an impression on the music industry and pop culture as a whole from the moment she emerged. Her residency in Vegas opened in December 2018 at the Park Theater at Park MGM and ended in October 2023 after a long hiatus due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Gaga unsurprisingly went for over-the-top performances featuring elaborate costumes, storytelling, and plenty of glitz and glamour.
You Might Also Like
Nicole Richie’s Surprising Adoption Story
The Story of Gypsy Rose Blanchard and Her Mother
Queen Camilla's Life in Photos