The 23rd annual Tonic Ball has once again succeeded in being a keynote celebration of local bands, musicians, and artists, working inclusively to raise money for Second Helpings, which has been helping fight hunger and food insecurity in Central Indiana for the past 25 years. This year's celebratory icons included The White Stripes & Jack White, Parliament-Funkadelic, Lady Gaga, and Hall & Oates. Highlights from the expansive musical careers of these artists were performed by 56 musical acts on 4 separate stages, all comprised of local bands and musicians, including amalgamations of several local performers, bands, and artists, several of whom played multiple stages and performances that evening. It sounds like a perfect recipe for chaos and confusion, but it has historically been nothing short of cohesion and unification.
I was initially invited to cover the Lady Gaga stage, but plans changed quickly the evening before, as I was asked to cover both Gaga AND Hall & Oates. I've never been tasked with covering two different locations at once, but I'm a sucker for our local art and music community and always love a challenge. The Hall & Oates set was performed at Square Cat Vinyl, while the Lady Gaga set was performed at the Hi-Fi. Luckily, they are conveniently located across the street from each other, but navigating what quickly became a packed house at each location took some stealth and planning.
One of my favorite local bands, Moon Goons, kicked off the Lady Gaga stage at Hi-Fi and did not disappoint. None of the performances of the evening disappointed me, honestly. Each was uniquely energetic, talented, and inclusive. In addition to Moon Goons, some other standout performers at the Lady Gaga stage were MACIANN, Public Universal Friend, Dysfunctional Brass, Chick Grizzly, and Mother the Band, in addition to local favorites Boldylocks, Joshua Powell, and Brother O Brother.
The Hall & Oates stage was diverse and ran the musical gamut, concluding with a set by the interesting and talented MFFRED. Some other standouts for me were performances by Dope Ocelot, The Arc of Etheline, FEVER DREAM, and Extra Blue Kind. Black Plastic Glasses was joined by local chanteuse Mina Keohane, who additionally performed with Public Universal Friend an hour later on the Lady Gaga stage, and members of Dysfunctional Brass, who also played the Lady Gaga stage 2 hours later.
Remarkable and incredible are two of the most appropriate descriptors for the evening. This annual event not only brings together some of Indianapolis' most talented and proficient musical acts and artists for everyone in our community to enjoy but also provides a crucial fundraising effort for Second Helpings and their selfless mission to address hunger today and prevent hunger tomorrow. Second Helpings is committed to providing and distributing food to adults, children, and families affected by hunger and food insecurity free of charge. Second Helpings is a community kitchen that prepares and delivers more than 1 million meals in the Central Indiana community every year by collecting and rescuing food that would otherwise go to waste. They have also created a program that trains adults for meaningful careers in the culinary industry. Their mission is clear, and their contribution to our community is invaluable. For more information on how you can volunteer and donate to Second Helpings or
Tonic Ball 2025, visit http://www.secondhelpings.org and http://www.tonicball.org.
-Lorrie Bowden
Photos by Lorrie Bowden
editors@nuvo.net
Light rain early...then remaining cloudy with showers in the afternoon. High 51F. Winds N at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%..
                                
Overcast. Slight chance of a rain shower. Low 48F. Winds NNE at 5 to 10 mph.
 Updated: May 4, 2025 @ 1:06 am

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Arts & Entertainment
Sign up to receive daily updates! 
Sign up for weekly updates
Top 10 reader's preferences from the past week

Please donate today


                            The NUVO Cultural Foundation, a 501(c)3 nonprofit
                        
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Arts & Entertainment
Sign up to receive daily updates! 
Sign up for weekly updates
Top 10 reader's preferences from the past week
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.

Thank you. Your purchase was successful.
A receipt was sent to your email.