Man With ‘World’s Smallest Penis’ Says It’s Ruined His Sex Life  (Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images)
The man with the "World's Smallest Penis" says it has ruined his sex life. How can that be? I thought size didn't matter!?
First, we can get the Chuck The Freak jokes out of the way. Go ahead. However, no, this was not him. The guy who claims to really have the world's smallest penis has explained how it's made life terrible.
It seems like he might be embracing the title and is out to secure the official title by securing the Guinness World Record for the world's smallest penis. According to him, he measures in under 1 inch. Meanwhile, the average penis size is 3.61in flaccid and 5.16 inches while erect. He falls well short of that.
Michael Phillips says that he's worried about his size for a long time and his rare medical condition has impacted his sex life and relationships for years before finally deciding to see a professional about it in April of 2024, per LAD Bible. It sounds like he was unaware of his size problem until a girl in high school saw it for the first time and pointed it out. That's everyone's nightmare! You pull it out and she laughs or screams in horror. Nobody wants that to happen, but it happens to some people--not just in the movies.
Obviously, that moment was quite traumatic for him. It sounds a lot like what Steve Carell's character went through in the movie "The 40-Year-Old Virgin." Now, he says he has given up dating for good. I think it's understandable. Nobody wants to be laughed at like that. You'd feel horrible about yourself and it would almost be like some sort of learned helplessness--shoutout to the Psychology Majors.
How small is it? According to LAD Bible, the micropenis is so small that he can't have sex and he can't pee standing up and has to sit down in order to make it into the toilet. During an interview, he revealed all the problems he goes through having a micropenis. You think you get stage fright at sports games? Imagine how he feels! Sounds totally different from the problems the guy with the largest penis said about his challenges.
However, while it might affect his dating life he seems to still be out there enjoying life and traveling! He shares his experiences on his Instagram page: @whutzhisphaze. It seems like he's a real world traveler. Good thing he's not letting his size get him down! It looks like he's now getting treatment to have an extra inch or so added! Every little bit helps!
Oh, Chuck The Freak. Where would we be without you? The funny man often makes the Peep Show what it is. I can't imagine the show without his wit, comedy, and good looks.
To celebrate Chuck The Freak, we've found 5 of our favorite hilarious Chuck moments from The Peep Show. Check them out below!
Obviously, choosing 5 favorite Chuck moments was no easy feat. Seriously, I feel like every moment with Chuck The Freak is worthy of a highlight. So, it was a challenging task finding 5 of the most hilarious. However, it has been done. Blood, sweat, tears, and laughs went into the effort. Now, I think we have the ultimate list.
These videos are all vastly different. They cover different topics, but they all have one thing in common: they're hilarious. Better yet...they're hilarious because of Chuck The Freak. Of course, you can search through our YouTube page and find hilarious Peep Shows featuring great moments from Dave, funny Lisa moments, Andy, Jason, and Al. Actually, you might have missed it but we already covered the Best Of Andy Peep Show Videos. Definitely worth checking out sometime. Then, come back sometime to DaveAndChuckTheFreak.com where we will soon have Best Of Peep Show videos and lists available for every member of the show! Just give me a minute, I'm getting to it, I promise.
In the videos below, you'll see several different sides of Chuck The Freak. There's the sexual side, one about Chuck dying, some advice you could only get from Chuck The Freak, and one video where Chuck shares his dreams. Now, that's personal! However, there's no boundaries and nothing is off limit with Chuck The Freak. You know that!
Ready for the best of the best? Check out 5 hilarious Chuck The Freak moments below!
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a girl who was rescued from a pond by a heroic trooper. Dave thinks it's a story with a happy ending but the rest of the show doesn't think it was as uplifting as he made it out to be. Thanks to this video, we now know what it will sound like when Chuck dies. How does it sound? Well, pretty funny!
Dave & Chuck the Freak discuss special underwear for avoiding swamp crotch. Dave brings up an ad he saw for "stop-drip technology", and Chuck mentions a weird tip he learned online. In this Peep Show video, he shares his tips with you. What you do with the advise is totally up to you.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about some fans of Lady Gaga that are upset with her for being featured in a migraine advertisement. Then, Chuck says if he took a pill that was able to grow his dong and hair, he would be the face of it for free! Now, that's a product I could get behind! There are so many products that would be awesome to see Chuck endorse. The one true influencer.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about marijuana-infused aphrodisiacs emerging as a new love drug in New York and when Chuck the Freak uses the term 'sexually active' we learn that he no longer lives in 'Pound Town'. Things change as the years go by. At some point, Pound Town has to close down. When it happens? Nobody knows, but we're all going to get there eventually.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a video that was posted by Taryn Manning (an actress known for 'Orange is the New Black', '8 Mile, and 'Hustle & Flow') where she discusses performing orally on the backdoor of a married man and buying him a new boat. Naturally, this had to be discussed. The conversation led to some hilarious and iconic Chuck The Freak moments. Check out the video above! One of the best.
[newsletter-signup label="Sign me for Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter!" description="Join now to receive the Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter. You'll get access to recaps of the best stories of the week, the Peep Show of the week, as well as weekly 'Street Bits' episodes, an uncensored Dave & Chuck the Freak exclusive, available only to subscribers." color="#000000" checkbox_content="By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time." logo="https://daveandchuckthefreak.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/114/2022/10/logo.png" subscription_attributes="list_dave_chuck_daily_download" subscription_id="d9e7fee0-47e7-4227-aa4e-de1b352047d4" ]
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!