As a beauty journalist, I'm fortunate enough to try out dozens of products each month, which means my skincare and makeup routine changes quite often. However, the products that I find myself reaching for daily are truly worth it, and one of my most-used moisturisers is a celeb-favourite that's currently on sale.
The Embryolisse Lait-Creme Concentre is a viral sensation, with one being purchased every 13 seconds. It's also a staple in the beauty routines of A-listers like Kim and Khloe Kardashian, Syndey Sweeney, Perrie Edwards, Lady Gaga, Michelle Keegan and many more. The cream costs £20.99 for 75ml on Amazon, £17.59 on LookFantastic and it normally sells for £21 at Boots but is currently sold out.
French skincare has become increasingly popular and will continue to be a trend in 2024, and the Embryolisse moisturiser is a prime example. This multi-tasking lotion, primer, masque, after-shaving product, and makeup remover offers a rich formula containing essential fatty acids and vitamins to reduce irritation especially after shaving and plump skin for firmer results.
READ MORE: Roman's 'soft' roll neck jumper with 'pretty' faux pearl detailing now £28
READ MORE: 'These trainers stopped my back pain while shopping for hours at Christmas'
Dubbed as the 'anti-ageing wonder cream' by numerous makeup artists, this multi-tasking product is rich in essential fatty acids and vitamins, perfect for achieving smooth, supple and wrinkle-free skin.
Celebrity MUA Emily Clarkson revealed to The Mirror that she swears by Embryolisse for her A-list clients, including Perrie Edwards, Michelle Keegan and Nina Nesbitt. She said: "Embryolisse has been such a staple in my kit since I first started Make-Up, it provides you with the most beautifully hydrated skin before applying any foundation, which is such a key part for the overall finish of a look," reports the Liverpool Echo.
"I love to apply a generous amount into my hands and warm it through then massage it into the skin with an upwards motion, instantly lifting and hydrating the face. I absolutely love introducing my clients to the brand and seeing how great their skin looks in just a matter of weeks!
"I am never without Lait-Creme Concentre at work. I use it on both TV and red-carpet appearances with clients such as Michelle Keegan, Perrie Edwards and Cath Tyldseley. I also love to use it on music videos with Nina Nesbitt as it's perfect for all skin types and even those with sensitive skin like myself!"
I first tried out the cream for myself in March 2022, and it's been a staple on my skincare and makeup routine ever since. I initially bought a smaller 30ml bottle, and once I used it all up, snapped up the larger size, which I'm still using. A little goes a really long way with this cream, and the tubes last so long - so much so that the packaging has even had a revamp since my last repurchase.
The moisturiser's consistency struck a perfect balance, being light enough to glide effortlessly over my face post-cleansing, yet not being watery. It left a satin touch on the skin without any greasy after-feel, instead bestowing a healthy sheen in just the right spots. I make it a staple in my makeup bag, applying it before foundation for that flawless application and to achieve a dewy glow that makes my complexion look vibrant and rejuvenated. In those harsh winter months, I often go for a thicker nocturnal layer, allowing it to act as a repairing mask overnight with enriching ingredients like shea butter, beeswax, and aloe vera doing their magic.
Customers have showered it with five-star ratings on Cult Beauty, with one hailing it as 'the best primer' and another calling it 'a skincare must-have'. A happy user expressed: "I have bought this multiple times because of how much I love it. The best skin prep for makeup and for all the primers I've tried this is the best! I have sensitive and oily skin and this doesn't clog up my pores or feels too thick on this skin. Would highly recommend!"
Another customer enthused: "No wonder this is a cult product! Sits very well under makeup without being heavy or greasy, doesn't interfere with foundation and helps me look Dewy all day. "Endorsements don't come much higher-profile than from celebrities like model Karlie Kloss who attested: "Embryolisse is where it's at.
It's just a really good light cream - not too oily and not too thick," while Gwyneth Paltrow acclaimed it as a "Miracle moisturiser. " Even Lady Gaga is a fan of the Embryolisse Lait-Creme Concentre moisturizer, which she uses to keep her skin hydrated and to remove makeup, saying: "I put it all over my face and just wipe it off."
While the Parisian cream has its devotees, some find its texture a bit too heavy, with criticisms that it can leave the skin looking 'greasy' rather than radiant.
You can get the Embryolisse Lait-Creme Concentre for £20.99 for 75ml on Amazon or £17.59 on LookFantastic.
For those seeking an alternative but still wanting to maintain that esteemed French pharmacy skincare ethos, La Roche-Posay's Effaclar Duo+ Anti-Blemish Corrective Gel Moisturiser is praised as another top-notch, versatile addition to any beauty regime.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.