By 

	Daniel Kreps


Kevin Parker revealed Wednesday that he has sold his entire catalog — including his Tame Impala output as well as songs he has written for Dua Lipa, Rihanna, and more — to Sony Music Publishing.

	Terms of the acquisition were not announced, but the partnership also covers Parker’s future works, whether by Tame Impala or collaborations with other artists. 

	“The idea of passing on ownership of my songs is one that I don’t think about very lightly, at all. They are the fruit of my blood, sweat and creativity over all the years I’ve been a recording artist and songwriter so far,” Parker said in a statement. 

	“I have a lot of love and trust for the Sony publishing family and have only had great experiences with Damian Trotter and the rest of the gang worldwide. I don’t think my songs could be in any safer hands than Sony’s, and I’m excited for the future and happy I can keep working with them on whatever the future brings…”

	Parker has been with Sony Music Publishing since the release of Tame Impala’s debut album, 2010’s Innerspeaker.

	










	“Kevin is a singular talent whose creativity and dedication to his art has enthralled fans and artists since he arrived on the music scene,” Damian Trotter, Managing Director of Sony Music Publishing’s Australia division, said in a statement. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Toby Keith's Horse Raced in the Kentucky Derby: How Did Render Judgment Do?		
	








	“Having worked with Kevin since before the release of the first Tame Impala album, it has been thrilling to witness his rise to success worldwide, which is so well deserved. We are proud and humbled to be taking custodianship of this iconic catalogue of songs and to be continuing our relationship with Kevin in this exciting phase of his music making career.”

	In addition to his four Tame Impala records, most recently 2020’s The Slow Rush, Parker has also co-written songs for Lady Gaga (“Perfect Illusion”), Rihanna (who turned Currents’ “New Person, Same Old Mistakes” into her “Same Ol’ Mistakes”), Travis Scott (“Skeletons”) and Dua Lipa, including her Radical Optimism singles “Houdini,” “Training Season,” and “Illusion.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.