Colorado Couple Find Poop Inside A Delivery Package (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
A Colorado couple reportedly found poop inside their delivery package. No, that's not what they ordered! How did this happen?
You'd never expect to open your package that appears to be from Amazon to end up containing poop. A crappy product? Sure. But never actual feces! How was there poop inside a delivery package?
Can you imagine that happening to you? I wouldn't know what to do! What? Why? How? There'd be so many questions and no way to find all the answers!
According to KOAA, John Rossiter and his wife Sanathanee are in disbelief that they found poop inside a package that looked like it was from Amazon. The Colorado couple told KOAA, "I was just shocked. Disgusting. I mean, I couldn't believe it. I was like, terrible. I was just like, Oh my god. I can't believe this is happening." Rossiter says he received a package that looked like it was from Amazon only what was inside was nothing he had ordered--it was poop!
Rossiter tells KOAA, "Well, I didn't know what it was, because it was kind of dark. I had just gotten home from work. It was late at night, and I cut the package open and looked in there, and I couldn't tell what it was, and I reached in, and then I smelled it, and it was on my hand." Gross! He quickly realized it was poop inside the package when he was expecting it to be guitar tuners. I don't think the poop will be able to serve the same purpose or function.
The whole thing sounds very strange. You can't blame him for being confused by what's going on. He went on to tell KOAA, "I received the questionable package here on the 15. And on the 14, I actually received what I had ordered, which was a set of guitar tuners. And, you know, had gotten that the day before. So that's why, when I saw the package, I was like, What is this? Because I just got my package the day before." Okay, that makes things even more weird! Could it have been a bitter driver? An angry neighbor? He's hoping to find out.
News5 received a reply from Amazon saying, "We've reached out to the customer to apologize for this experience and get additional details to help with our investigation. Based off information shared by the customer and learnings from our preliminary review, we do not believe this package was dropped-off by someone delivering on Amazon's behalf. However, we're continuing to investigate this matter, and will share our findings with the customer when we know more." Yikes. Hopefully they're able to find out more. I wonder if a doorbell camera would have helped here?
Oh, Chuck The Freak. Where would we be without you? The funny man often makes the Peep Show what it is. I can't imagine the show without his wit, comedy, and good looks.
To celebrate Chuck The Freak, we've found 5 of our favorite hilarious Chuck moments from The Peep Show. Check them out below!
Obviously, choosing 5 favorite Chuck moments was no easy feat. Seriously, I feel like every moment with Chuck The Freak is worthy of a highlight. So, it was a challenging task finding 5 of the most hilarious. However, it has been done. Blood, sweat, tears, and laughs went into the effort. Now, I think we have the ultimate list.
These videos are all vastly different. They cover different topics, but they all have one thing in common: they're hilarious. Better yet...they're hilarious because of Chuck The Freak. Of course, you can search through our YouTube page and find hilarious Peep Shows featuring great moments from Dave, funny Lisa moments, Andy, Jason, and Al. Actually, you might have missed it but we already covered the Best Of Andy Peep Show Videos. Definitely worth checking out sometime. Then, come back sometime to DaveAndChuckTheFreak.com where we will soon have Best Of Peep Show videos and lists available for every member of the show! Just give me a minute, I'm getting to it, I promise.
In the videos below, you'll see several different sides of Chuck The Freak. There's the sexual side, one about Chuck dying, some advice you could only get from Chuck The Freak, and one video where Chuck shares his dreams. Now, that's personal! However, there's no boundaries and nothing is off limit with Chuck The Freak. You know that!
Ready for the best of the best? Check out 5 hilarious Chuck The Freak moments below!
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a girl who was rescued from a pond by a heroic trooper. Dave thinks it's a story with a happy ending but the rest of the show doesn't think it was as uplifting as he made it out to be. Thanks to this video, we now know what it will sound like when Chuck dies. How does it sound? Well, pretty funny!
Dave & Chuck the Freak discuss special underwear for avoiding swamp crotch. Dave brings up an ad he saw for "stop-drip technology", and Chuck mentions a weird tip he learned online. In this Peep Show video, he shares his tips with you. What you do with the advise is totally up to you.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about some fans of Lady Gaga that are upset with her for being featured in a migraine advertisement. Then, Chuck says if he took a pill that was able to grow his dong and hair, he would be the face of it for free! Now, that's a product I could get behind! There are so many products that would be awesome to see Chuck endorse. The one true influencer.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about marijuana-infused aphrodisiacs emerging as a new love drug in New York and when Chuck the Freak uses the term 'sexually active' we learn that he no longer lives in 'Pound Town'. Things change as the years go by. At some point, Pound Town has to close down. When it happens? Nobody knows, but we're all going to get there eventually.
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a video that was posted by Taryn Manning (an actress known for 'Orange is the New Black', '8 Mile, and 'Hustle & Flow') where she discusses performing orally on the backdoor of a married man and buying him a new boat. Naturally, this had to be discussed. The conversation led to some hilarious and iconic Chuck The Freak moments. Check out the video above! One of the best.
 [newsletter-signup label="Sign me for Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter!" description="Join now to receive the Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter. You'll get access to recaps of the best stories of the week, the Peep Show of the week, as well as weekly 'Street Bits' episodes, an uncensored Dave & Chuck the Freak exclusive, available only to subscribers." color="#000000" checkbox_content="By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time." logo="https://daveandchuckthefreak.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/114/2022/10/logo.png" subscription_attributes="list_dave_chuck_daily_download" subscription_id="d9e7fee0-47e7-4227-aa4e-de1b352047d4" ]

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!