Hip hop superstar Travis Scott will perform at the Tottenham Hotspur stadium this summer following his sold-out 2023 North American tour and record-breaking number 1 album.


  He performs his largest UK headline show as part of the Utopia Circus Maximus tour that kicks off in the Netherlands on June 28 and comes to Tottenham on Thursday, July 11.


  His European tour also includes Poland, Switzerland, France, Belgium, Italy and Czechia before wrapping in Germany on July 27.


  Scott’s Utopia album was the biggest-selling hip-hop release of 2023, at No.1 on the Billboard Top 200 for four weeks running and getting 50 billion streams globally. Spotify named Utopia “the most streamed album in its first week”.


  Scott now joins a host of world-renowned artists to perform at Tottenham’s newest entertainment venue, with Beyonce, Lady Gaga, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Guns N Roses and Wizkid all having appeared at White Hart Lane.


  Spurs season ticket holders and One Hotspur members are getting priority access to tickets which began on May 9, going on general sale from 10am Friday, May 10, at  tottenhamhotspur.com.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.