Noah Cyrus and Tish Cyrus arrive at PETA’s 35th Anniversary Party at Hollywood Palladium on September 30, 2015 in Los Angeles, California.
There's a lot of drama in the Cyrus family these days, and now there's a new component to the story. A lot of the division seems to be about Tish Cyrus and Billy Ray Cyrus' divorce. Tish, 56, married Prison Break star Dominic Purcell, 54, in August. But, apparently, she "stole" him from her estranged daughter, Noah. Noah, 24, is the youngest of the six Cyrus children that Billy Ray and Tish raised together. An insider told the Daily Mail on Tuesday (February 27) that "Noah was [seeing] Dominic when Tish started pursuing him." The source adds that Tish "was aware" of Noah's involvement when she began to contact the Australian actor. The insider adds that the "turmoil" between Noah and her mother goes "far beyond" what people think. "Noah is very distraught" over her mother "stealing Dominic from her."

A post shared by

As we previously reported, Miley, Trace, and Brandi were in attendance for Tish's nuptials, but Noah and Braison were noticeably missing. A source told Us Weekly that Noah wasn't actually invited. The wedding was held at Miley's Malibu mansion, and the insider claimed that the Grammy winner had guards stationed outside in case Noah did attempt to show up. Billy Ray, 62, married singer Firerose, 35, a few months later.
Appearing on the Call Her Daddy podcast recently, Tish opened up about her relationship with Purcell, including details about their first date. She said that he had initially reached out to her in 2016 by sliding into her Instagram DMs, but she didn't notice it for a year. The message apparently read: "Hey Tish, just wanted to [say], I think you're super cool and… you're doing such a great job with your family." One year later, Brandi noticed he blocked her account because his ex apparently saw his message to Tish and blocked her from his Instagram.

A post shared by

Following her split from Billy Ray in 2022 after 30 years, Tish reached out to Purcell and he quickly responded back. The pair soon went on a date and the next day, told each other: "I love you." On her joint podcast with her daughter Brandi, fittingly called Sorry We're Stoned, Tish said she fell in love with him at first sight.
As the final year in the oughts, 2009 gave us a fantastic year in pop music. We had Lady Gaga's reissue of The Fame, which she called The Fame Monster. The album gave us hits like "Alejandro," "Bad Romance," and "Telephone." Gaga gave something new to the pop scene with her out-of-this-world outfits and music video concepts. She was unapologetically herself, and she set the standard for artists to come looking to break molds. The Black Eyed Peas were also doing their own thing in this era, sticking true to being self-proclaimed "weirdos," making songs that they knew were dope enough to get radio play that they didn't have to change their sound to adapt. These artists were well ahead of their time, and the fans ate it all up.
A newcomer to the scene was Ke$ha, who used to sign her name with the dollar sign while working with Dr. Luke. Following her success of being featured on Flo Rida's 2008 hit, "Right Round," Ke$ha's debut single was "TiK ToK." At this time, wild child Ke$ha was 18 years old, saying the inspiration behind the song came from coming home half-drunk and stumbling after a night out of partying. The song later appeared on her debut album, Animal, featuring heavily autotuned songs that were a staple during this time period. For teenagers growing up at this time, Ke$ha was perfect for partying and emulating that lifestyle. On the other side, Miley Cyrus was closing out her Hanna Montana chapter. With the film release in 2009, the singer and actress provided one of the most beautiful, inspiring ballads that she has ever recorded thus far. "The Climb" was a pivotal moment in Cyrus' music career, as her voice was developing and reaching new ranges that it hadn't before.
Take a look below at the six pop songs that have a fifteenth anniversary in 2024:
Before TikTok, there was "TiK ToK" by Ke$ha. When she burst on the scene with her glitter and wild girl persona "looking sick and sexified," this heavily auto-tuned track was playing everywhere. The track was the lead single off her 2010 album Animal.
From Gaga's 2009 electropop record, The Fame Monster, "Bad Romance" is hands-down her biggest and best hit off the album.  From the harpsichord intro in the music video to the iconic dance moves, this hit is still thoroughly enjoyed today. Gaga's era during this time was so fresh in pop culture that she could sing, dance, and bring the most creative visions to life in her music videos.
As Cyrus was closing out her Hannah Montana chapter, she left all of her fans in tears when she wrote this banger for the movie's soundtrack. The beautiful country-pop power ballad describes life to be a difficult but rewarding journey. 16-year-old Miley was singing such touching lyrics as, "Every step I'm taking, every move I make feels lost with no direction. My faith is shaken."
After Shakira's hips didn't lie, the Colombian superstar became a "She Wolf." The electropop song details Shakira's boredom due to her uncaring partner and how she looks for others to please her. Following the release of two Twilight movies, Shakira's timing for the howling track couldn't be more perfect.
This song had us in a chokehold when it was released in 2009. Even when we hear it now, we have to drop everything and get fully immersed in the synthline. The song was inspired by lying awake with insomnia and seeing fireflies in rural Minnesota during the summertime. It was also inspired by the experience of seeing a meteor shower, with the shooting stars being fireflies instead. The music video features nostalgic toys from the 70s and 80s, adding to the retro-meets-future sci-fi vibe.
With another futuristic sound hailing from 2009 is this lead single off Black Eyed Peas' fifth studio album, The E•N•D. Staying true to themselves as being different from other artists during this time, the group took pride in making a "dope" song that would be a radio hit without having to change their sound to fit any sort of mold. 
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!