Now 
65
 Fri 
74
 Sat 
62
by Marjolein Dilven | Wealth of Geeks via AP
TOPICS:
Dune: Part Two exploded into theaters this past weekend, reinvigorating the stalled box office from last year. It’s still early, but the most highly anticipated movies this year that might come close to topping it, run across genre and style and more than a few connected to gaming and gambling.
Focusing on genres, casts, and other factors that contribute to the movies’ popularity, drawing insights from Google search, Letterboxd, and IMDb, we combine estimates from Gambling Factory and NoDeposit Friend to present the most anticipated movies of 2024.
Deadpool & Wolverine
Deadpool & Wolverine is one of the most anticipated movies of 2024, with more than 12,000 watchlist adds on Letterboxd, a social platform specifically designed for movie lovers. The third Deadpool movie is the only Marvel Cinematic Universe movie announced for 2024, set to release on July 26.
Deadpool & Wolverine boasts an incredible cast, with Ryan Reynolds, Hugh Jackman, Jennifer Garner, and Shawn Levy in the director’s chair, who worked with Ryan Reynolds on Free Man and Hugh Jackman on Real Steel.
Crossroads Revelation
Crossroads Revelation, scheduled for release on Oct. 15, 2024, yields a whopping 435,000 Google searches. The movie, set in Munich, focuses on the high-energy, seedy nightlife surrounding high-stakes poker, where gambling and crime often intersect. Players strategize, bluff, and make alliances to rise among the elite and win big.
The high-stakes elements of the gritty poker scene make this flick a real nail-biter. This movie throws players into a realm of mystery and risk. Unraveling secrets and outsmarting opponents, moviegoers experience the thrill of the high-stakes poker scene firsthand, where few get out unscathed.
Nosferatu
Nosferatu, starring Bill Skarsgård and Lily-Rose Depp, gets a holiday release on Dec. 25, 2024. With more than 11,000 Letterboxd adds, moviegoers are looking forward to seeing the release on the big screen.
Robert Eggers’ upcoming release is a long-awaited remake of Werner Herzog’s 1979 adaptation Nosferatu, the Vampyre. Both interpretations draw inspiration from the 1922 silent horror film of the same name, a cornerstone of German Expressionist cinema. That silent film was “inspired” by Bram Stoker’s novel Dracula.
Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire
Godzilla x King: The New Empire ranks among the highly anticipated movies of 2024, with almost 219,000 searches online. This epic sequel unites two iconic cinematic behemoths, Godzilla and Kong, in a struggle against the formidable “Skar King.” The film stomps into theaters on March 29, 2024.
A spokesperson from GamblingFactory.com adds, “Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire is highly anticipated because it is expected to have a fun and lighthearted feel overall. There could be deeper exploration into the concept of Hollow Earth. Kaylee Hottle is returning to the cast. It’s rumored to be a team-up film featuring Godzilla and King Kong, which suggests we could see more of Godzilla than before.”
Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga
Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga garners 80,000 searches online and nearly 9,000 Letterboxd watchlist adds. The prequel, set to debut on May 24, 2024, is expected to be a hit with its post-apocalyptic world and star-studded cast.
The action-adventure film transports viewers to a desolate wasteland where survival is a constant struggle. Amid the chaos, Furiosa sets out on a journey to make amends for her past, facing enemies and forming unlikely friendships as she fights for freedom.
Joker: Folie À Deux
Joker: Folie À Deux is highly anticipated with more than 10,000 watchlist adds, the release scheduled for Oct. 4, 2024. Following the 2019 Joker, Lada Gaga joins the stars of the original film, Joaquin Phoenix and Zazie Beetz, in a gritty musical. Directed by Todd Phillips, Lady Gaga looks to breathe new life into comic book baddie Harley Quinn, first played by Margot Robbie in past DC films Suicide Squad and Birds of Prey.
Game On
Game On offers a fresh blend of reality and fantasy, with 72,000 people searching for it on Google. Released on Feb. 2, 2024, the film delves into the fusion of the real world and gaming.
When a dimensional rift ruins their homeland, the Netherlands’ finest gamers must enter the virtual realm to protect their country. As they explore dangerous locations and confront high-powered enemies, the real and virtual worlds’ fate hangs in the balance.
Challengers
The Challengers movie boasts 4,000 Google searches and almost 9,000 watchlist adds on Letterboxd. The film, starring Zendaya, Josh O’Connor, and Mike Faist, revolves around an unusual love triangle and competitive sports narrative set in the world of professional tennis. It lands in theaters on April 26, 2024.
Former tennis star Tashi (Zendaya) coaches her mediocre husband to build his skill and secure Grand Slam glory. Tensions rise when a match pits him against her ex-boyfriend, putting their success on the line.
Sonic the Hedgehog 3
Sonic the Hedgehog 3 speeds into the limelight with 37,000 searches. The movie promises fans of the beloved video game series an adrenaline-fueled adventure. The third installment of this family-friendly gaming adaptation hits theaters on Dec. 20, 2024.
Audiences will follow Sonic and his friends as they race against time to stop their wicked foes, led again by Jim Carrey’s Dr. Robotnik. With breathtaking visuals and heart-pounding excitement, fans hope the third movie will continue to capture the essence of the iconic video game franchise.
This article was published by Media Decision and syndicated by Wealth of Geeks.