Reba McEntire broke her silence over the allegation that she called Taylor Swift a "brat."
On Saturday, "The Queen of Country" took to Instagram to directly address a Facebook group's allegation against her, claiming she had talked about "how disappointed she was to look up at the big screen while performing The National Anthem, only to see Taylor Swift laughing and drinking and making a mockery of the event."
The page, America Loves Liberty, even cited a quote claiming she had said, "I let her have it afterward. She's an entitled little brat."
Debunking the fake post, McEntire said, "Please don't believe everything you see on the internet. I did not say this."
She continued, "Taylor is a wonderful artist, [a] strong role model, and has done so much good for so many people and the music industry."
Many netizens quickly commented on her Instagram post debunking the allegation and siding with Swift.
"Anyone who watched the game knows this isn't true because they showed [Swift] during the performance, and she was standing and respectfully holding her hand over her heart," one netizen said, countering the attached photo of Taylor drinking in the fake post.
The same netizen added, "Reba wouldn't be that unnecessarily confrontational and rude."
"Well, them misspelling your name was the first clue it was trash," another commented, highlighting that Reba's surname was written as "McIntire" in the fake post.
"Thanks for stepping up and making a correction, Reba," someone else said.
"Reba and Taylor are both classy ladies, and I know Reba would not say anything like that... So stop trying to start drama," opined another.
"You are a wonderful person and singer, so is Taylor Swift," another commenter stated.
During the 2024 Super Bowl, the 68-year-old country music singer kicked off the NFL event with a traditional performance of the national anthem, following the likes of Chris Stapleton, Pink, Lady Gaga, Beyoncé, Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston, who previously did the honor.
As McEntire sang, photos from Reuters showed the "1989" artist, who was in the audience to support her boyfriend, Travis Kelce, respectfully singing along with her hand placed over her chest.