By
			
			Jennifer O'Brien		

No one does Halloween quite like our ladies of the Real Housewives of New York. Each one brings their own unique spin to the fun holiday. Compared to the other Real Housewives franchises, the Big Apple stars’ love for Halloween is just unbeaten. In honor of the spooky season, let’s take a look and see how RHONY set the bar for Real Housewives Halloween parties. 
No one does Halloween quite like these ladies. #RHONY #RealHousewivesOfNewYork #DorindaMedley #LadyGaga #SNL #Hayu
The Big Apple franchise doesn’t skimp when it comes to going all out for the fall holiday. Who could forget the time that went into Dorinda Medley’s costume when she decided to be Lady Gaga? The “make it nice” queen revealed she got the costume designer from SNL who worked on Andy Samberg’s costume to lend a helping hand. While Lady Gaga had her Little Monsters, Dorinda could have had her Little Doris.
Ramona Singer has always shown up with a pretty creative look. During the same party, she rocked her Britney Spears Toxic outfit. The mother of one proudly strutted around in a skin-tight red latex suit. But I bet this one didn’t need fake boobs sewn in. Even Sonja Morgan stepped outside her comfort zone. The socialite played on her funny bone as she channeled Lucille Ball, complete with hilarious facial expressions. And who could forget Carole Radziwill’s take on Amelia Earhart? The princess delivered a perfect look and a notable history lesson. 
A post shared by Dorinda Medley (@dorindamedley)
When you mix Halloween with the Real Housewives of New York, the theme is mainly to eat, drink, and be scary. No one does it better than Dorinda, who loved to deck out Bluestone Manor with over-the-top decor. Dorinda once told viewers, “Decorating for Halloween is a tradition, a sport, and my favorite game,” so we know we won’t ever be disappointed. Over the years, followers have seen Dorinda post all her spooky updates on Instagram. She has made use of a giant inflatable jack-o’-lantern, velour pumpkins, and eerie figurines.
Every October 1st, Dorinda is out in her yard thinking up new ideas. She once posed with three ghosts, advising, “Ghosts are like martinis. Two are great; Three are too many.” Dorinda loves to stroll in Bluestone Manor’s Great Pumpkin Patch and show off her inside decor, which consists of wooden carved witches and pumpkins. If fans are ever in doubt about how to decorate, all they need to do is remember Dorinda’s advice. The holiday lover once shared, “The secret is to go with the flow and be creative. Blood, smokes, and skeletons EVERYWHERE!”
When it comes to the Real Housewives of New York parties, the ghouls just want to have fun. But that isn’t always how the night works out. During one of the last OG Halloween parties, Luann de Lesseps decided to host a voodoo-themed evening but failed to inform her guests to leave their baggage with the coat check. During the dinner, Sonja made it known she was annoyed with Ramona, but the Singer Stinger escaped into the night to attend another party.  
Let’s not forget the time that Kelly Bensimon threw a Halloween party but arrived unfashionably late. Not only did she arrive two hours tardy to the “biggest” Halloween party ever, but she actually didn’t know anyone on the invite list. But the real drama was that there was a CASH BAR at the event. Gross, Kelly. The cast was livid and dramatically left the party as they b*tched to the cameras. Kelly eventually showed up in a Playboy Bunny costume that she deemed appropriate because it was flirty yet demure. Even with all the drama, I would still love to attend one of these iconic Halloween parties. 
RHONY is currently streaming on Peacock. 
TELL US – WOULD YOU WANT TO ATTEND ONE OF THE INFAMOUS RHONY HALLOWEEN PARTIES?
Jennifer O'Brien has been a fan of reality TV ever since Jessica Simpson asked, "Is this chicken or fish?" Jennifer's favorite shows consist of everything Bravo, including the 'Real Housewives' franchises, 'Below Deck' franchises, and 'Southern Charm.' Without a doubt, Jennifer's passion for reality TV shines through as she often tries to get to the bottom of major plot lines like Vanderpump Rules' "Scandoval."
Share article