The film hits theaters on Oct. 4. 

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	The Joker and his Harley Quinn are sticking together until they end, and that sentiment is clear in a new teaser clip for Joker: Folie à Deux that was released by IMDb on Wednesday (Sept. 18).

	In the minute-long clip, Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga’s characters are seen in an empty, concrete room. While the context is unclear, Gaga ultimately tells Phoenix that she wants to “see the real you,” before taking out her lipstick and drawing the iconic Joker makeup on him.

Joker: Folie à Deux follows Phoenix’s return as Arthur Fleck, a.k.a the Joker, who is now confined in Arkham Asylum. There, he meets Gaga’s Harleen “Lee” Quinzel, and they form a powerfully chaotic bond with the goal of causing mayhem across Gotham City. Unlike the first Joker film, the sequel includes a series of musical numbers, which is where fans see Gaga in her element.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The film premiered at the 2024 Venice International Film Festival last month, with Phoenix, Gaga as well as director Todd Phillips in attendance to celebrate the film, which officially hits theaters on Oct. 4. “The way that we approached music in this film was very special and extremely nuanced,” Gaga said during a press conference at the event. “I wouldn’t necessarily say that this is actually a musical. The way that music is used is to give the characters a way to express what they need to say, because the scene and dialogue wasn’t enough.”

Folie à Deux follows the 2019 psychological thriller, Joker. The film was nominated for 11 Academy Awards in 2020, with Phoenix winning best actor and Hildur Guðnadóttir winning best original score.

	Watch the new teaser trailer below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.