By Author Simon Delott


Published: Mar 20, 2024 at 4:25 PM • Category Beyonce 

Reading Time:  3 minutes 
Is Beyonce going to sing a duet with Taylor Swift?
At the Super Bowl, Beyonce announced new music, including two singles and an upcoming album.
That album, she later revealed, would come out in early spring.
Beyonce’s latest foray into Country music includes collaborations. And the Bey Hive is buzzing with rumors about which other singers we’ll  hear — and Taylor Swift’s name keeps cropping up.
In a new Instagram post, Beyonce is teasing the imminent release of new music. Remember, just as Taylor Swift announced her new album at the Grammy Awards, Beyonce announced hers at the Super Bowl.
On Tuesday, March 19, she dropped the release date of her upcoming album, Cowboy Carter: March 29.
Queen Bey spoke extensively about the process for creating this music — and thanked fans for cheering her on through her singles, “Texas Hold ‘Em” and “16 Carriages.”
A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce)
Beyonce did not back down from acknowledging how hard certain people worked to exclude her from Country music spaces.
“This album has been over five years in the making,” she wrote. “It was born out of an experience that I had years ago where I did not feel welcomed … and it was very clear that I wasn’t.”
Beyonce continued: “But, because of that experience, I did a deeper dive into the history of Country music and studied our rich musical archive.”
“I have a few surprises on the album, and have collaborated with some brilliant artists who I deeply respect,” Beyonce dished.
“I hope that you can hear my heart and soul, and all the love and passion that I poured into every detail and every sound,” she expressed.
Beyonce’s tease has fans excited for many reasons. And speculation is running wild on one topic in particular: her collaborations.
Many fans are immediately jumping onto the idea that Beyonce has collaborated with Taylor Swift.
Both music superstars are dominating their industry at the moment. Certain individuals have tried to pit them against each other. However, Taylor and Beyonce have both worked to support each other for many years.
A collaboration — which, we must emphasize, is just a rumor — would be huge. Huge for the Bey Hive, for Swifties, and for music in general. Let’s not forget that Taylor launched her career in the Country niche.
Other big names on everyone’s lips range from Megan Thee Stallion to Lady Gaga to Dolly Parton. These are among the most talented and beloved musicians on the planet.
As exciting as these prospects are, we should keep in mind that this is all speculation. Speculation by very excited, excitable fans.
Fortunately, Bey shared this news just ten days before the album’s release date. She won’t have to wait long before she can give her fans what they want.
Little People, Big World: Amy Roloff Reacts in Awe to Caryn Chandler Engagement Ring
‘Selling Sunset’ Alum Christine Quinn’s Husband Arrested for Assault