Small islands turn simple pleasures into lasting memories. Our tipsters enjoy tavernas, beaches, footpaths and sealife from Rum to Andros
Andros, just a two-hour ferry ride from Athens, is inexplicably missed by most foreign tourists. Greener than the other Cyclades, it’s a walker’s paradise, with well-marked trails spanning the isle, and leading from hilltop monasteries through fertile valleys to hidden beaches. Base yourself in the sleepy main town, also called Andros, which can be reached from the ferry terminal by local bus. For those not inclined to exertion, there are beaches either side of town, and Explore Andros on the main street can organise guided visits to local waterfalls, a vineyard and botanic gardens.Toby Dyke
Rum requires effort and planning to reach and has few facilities, which means that the island has none of the crowds of its big brother, Skye, over the water. I had my finest ever day’s walking traversing the first three peaks in the Rum Cuillin range (a challenging hike that should only be tackled by experienced hill walkers) and my best ever travel experience staying in the Guirdhil bothy on a beach on the north-western coast. Then there’s Kinloch Castle, a decaying late 19th-century pile built by a Lancashire textile magnate. His grandiose mausoleum is well worth a visit too, by bike on former deer stalking tracks.Paul Kirkwood
Lundy in the Bristol Channel may be windswept and small at just three miles long and half a mile wide, but every inch tells a story. Whether on a day trip or staying for longer, there is magic in exploring places with names like Hell’s Gates, Earthquake, the Devil’s Slide and Sugar Loaf. Enjoying the views from a deckchair at the top of the Old Light is a must, as is a visit to the island’s pub (the Marisco Tavern) and tiny, well-stocked shop. With sea birds galore in the breeding season and surrounded by the UK’s first marine reserve, it’s a true escape.Jacqui Hitt
 Guardian Travel readers' tips
Every week we ask our readers for recommendations from their travels. A selection of tips will be featured online and may appear in print. To enter the latest competition visit the readers' tips homepage
-
If you’re looking for calm, tranquil and remote, Ynys Enlli (Bardsey Island) is for you. It’s two miles off the Llŷn peninsula. The island has been listed as a certified dark sky sanctuary, a special area of conservation, a special protection area (because of breeding birds) and a national nature reserve. Its 12 properties – nine of which you can stay at – are each Grade-II listed. Whether you want to watch the seals play, learn about the history of the island or simply sit and enjoy a delicious scone in the cafe at Tŷ Pellaf farm, you won’t be disappointed. Day trip boat services are run by Colin Evans. Katy
Vaxholm, part of Stockholm’s beautiful archipelago, is an hour’s ferry ride from the capital. With so many lovely swimming spots and forests to explore, the island provides the perfect setting for enjoying the long Swedish summer days. A few standout Vaxholm restaurants include Hembygdsgårdens Cafe, offering an array of amazing cakes, and rooftop Bistro Magasinet, serving Swedish classics and modern European dishes. Bike and kayak hire from Vaxholm make for epic day activities. And it’s worth hopping on the ferry across to neighbouring Rindö, a quiet island with great beaches and the amazing marina-side restaurant Syrran & Jag. Josh
I’m just back from Korčula and I now have a happy place to dream up whenever I’m feeling stressed. The ferry from Split took two hours, the water was perfect for bobbing about all afternoon, and our apartment had a view of the mountains. We cycled to the village of Račišće, where locals joined us for a drink with a view of their boats. Korčula’s medieval walled town was enchanting to explore; afterwards we enjoyed a spritz, people-watched, and got chatting to a Croatian Lady Gaga lookalike. Hannah
Sign up to The Traveller
Get travel inspiration, featured trips and local tips for your next break, as well as the latest deals from Guardian Holidays
after newsletter promotion
Just an hour’s boat ride from Naples lies the gorgeous, laid-back Ischia, perfect for propping up a parasol and soaking up your surroundings. We bathed in the Sorgeto hot springs – a sign of lingering volcanic activity. From there we took a taxi boat to the chichi Sant’Angelo for an elegant dinner overlooking a twinkly night-time vista. We swam in countless charming spots, observed oddly shaped volcanic rock formations, such as the “elephant rock”, and went to the Aragonese Castle on its islet by taking a beautiful wooden boat tour from Forio. Otherwise, hop on the bus to many rustic trattorias for delicious feasting: after so much seafood, the rabbit stew was quite a change.Freya
Last year, to escape the crowds in Split, I took a day trip to the island of Šolta – and liked it so much I came back three days later. It has so many tiny coves, beaches and caves it’s easy to have a private one just to yourself. Maslinica is a pretty harbour town with colourful houses and cafes ringing a semi-circular bay. The local specialities include anchovies in olive oil, while Šolta’s famous golden honey is everywhere.Nicola
For an eight-mile-long beach, bird sanctuary and a small campsite for accommodation, head to Ilha de Tavira, a long sandbar of an island a short ferry ride from Tavira on the south-east coast of Portugal. There are lovely fish restaurants on the beach, a nudist section and, if you are happy to walk the length of the island, empty sands even in high season.Susie
Ærø, in the southern part of the Danish archipelago (the South Funen islands), is a great place for hiking and cycling. There are several great walking routes, such as the Three Windmills – the Søby-Vitsø circular route of about seven miles. Although a small island at just 12 miles long, the villages – particularly Ærøskøbing – boast beautiful 18th-century buildings, and there’s a free bus to get you round all the towns, beaches and walks. Yes, it’s popular with tourists (for good reason!), but we found that also means that there are good restaurants and boutique places to stay – in addition to being really family friendly.Asa
Use the comments to tell us about your favourite islands for a break