"I'm also really excited about this idea that I don't have to adhere to an era if I don't want to"
Lady Gaga has revealed that her next album will be nothing like her 2020 studio album ‘Chromatica‘, and will instead “feel unhinged”.
Gaga released her surprise Joker 2 companion album ‘Harlequin‘ today (Friday September 27), but is set to release her next “pop” album – currently dubbed ‘LG7’ – in February 2025. Speaking to Rolling Stone, she gave an update on the record and said it will represent a “time in [her] life” and “feels unhinged”.
She said she wasn’t “even ready to talk about [the album] yet”, but promised to share more details soon. However, the New Yorker did reveal: “The pop album is nothing like ‘Chromatica. It’s a completely different record […] What I would say is, it’s all for me.
“It’s meant to be ingested as a time in my life,” she continued. “And I’m also really excited about this idea that I don’t have to adhere to an era if I don’t want to. I can have a few going at once. That feels unhinged [laughs] and more like me or Harley. Or whoever.”
Lady Gaga at the UK Premiere of ‘Joker Folie à Deux’ on September 25, 2024, in London, England. (Photo by Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images)
Gaga referred to her most recent film role as Harley Quinn opposite Joaquin Phoenix in the musical psychological thriller Joker: Folie à Deux. The film will be released next week (October 4) in the United States and is the sequel to the 2019 Oscar award-winning film Joker.
Earlier this month, Gaga announced that the lead single from ‘LG7’ would be arriving in October following the release of Joker: Folie à Deux.
NME gave Joker: Folie à Deux a four-star review, saying that Gaga “shines in a provocative prison musical” and: “[director Todd] Phillips and [co-writer Scott] Silver have delivered the last thing anyone expected: a socially responsible Joker movie that finds an intriguing way to explore the consequences (both on and offscreen) of the first film. Joker fans shouldn’t cry too hard though – Warner Bros. have cleverly found a way to leave the door open a little for the franchise to continue, should the need arise.“
Last month, however, Phillips suggested that Folie à Deux is likely to be the final film in the Joker franchise: “It was fun to play in this sort of sandbox for two movies, but I think we’ve said what we wanted to say in this world.”
NME described Gaga’s last solo album, 2020’s ‘Chromatica‘, as a “pure pop celebration” and a “fictional utopia where anything goes and everyone is accepted” in a four-star review.
This week, also saw Gaga host a secret intimate ‘Harlequin’ listening party in London.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.