90 years of expert advice and inspiration, for every couple.
Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)

Celebrity-approved fashion designer Iris van Herpen was the creative genius behind the gown.
DP Nguyen / Getty Images
 When Mariana Pavani, a Brazilian lawyer, got married over the weekend in May 2024, she tapped Dutch fashion designer Iris van Herpen to create an eye-catching design for her big day. It wasn’t just any regular bridal piece, however; it was the world’s very-first 3D-printed wedding dress. “Yeah, still can’t believe it…Wearing a made to measure @irisvanherpen - her first 3d printed wedding dress!” Pavani captioned an Instagram video of herself modeling the intricate gown.

 The wedding dress in question? A high-neck piece with a bodice wrapped in vine-like accents, a movable, textured skirt, and a flowing train. After doing a 3D full body scan of the bride, van Herpen designed the one-of-a-kind ensemble over the course of 600 hours on a software called ZBrush. Once she completed this step, printing the getup, which was 216.7 MB, took a whopping 41 hours. In order to create a flawless look for Pavani, the designer had the bride travel to Paris twice and Amsterdam three times over two years for fittings. “Better than perfect results!!!” Pavani concluded in her Instagram caption.

 The wedding dress wasn’t just breathtaking to look at; it was cozy to wear, too. “With the materials and the flexibilities that you have today [with 3D printing], it’s super comfortable,” Van Herpen told WWD. “[Pavani] can sit in it; she can basically do anything in it.” Plus, the designer notes that the piece is completely seamless.

 Not only was Pavani ecstatic about the final product, but van Herpen had an enjoyable time designing the gown. “This was really a dream project for me because 3D-printed fashions are in museums and on runways, but having it worn by someone on the most special day of her life, I think it’s really something else,” van Herpen explained to Women’s Wear Daily.

 Van Herpen is a pioneer in the fashion industry, known for creating innovative pieces that blend technology with haute couture craftsmanship. She’s a favorite with celebrities like Lady Gaga and Beyoncé who have worn the label to concert tours and prestigious Hollywood events. And the designer has always been before her time: In 2010, she created a 3D-printed top, which she debuted at Amsterdam Fashion Week.