The Simpsons boss really wants people to stop making up fake predictions for ‘horrible events’ and pretending they are real.
Over the years, the hugely popular cartoon has predicted some of the biggest moments in history, including Donald Trump’s presidency, aspects of the Covid pandemic, Lady Gaga’s performance at the Super Bowl Halftime show and even the Titanic submersible tragedy.
In the past, those behind the scenes chalked those up to ‘educated guesses’, with writer Al Jean insisting that the plots are ‘things you could see coming’.
Showrunner and executive producer Matt Selman – who has worked on the animated program since 1997 – has now unpacked those infamous prophecies, insisting that there is nothing sinister behind them.
‘Well, the sourpuss answer I always give that no one likes is that if you study history and math, it would be literally impossible for us not to predict things,’ he told People Magazine. ‘If you say enough things, some of them are going to overlap with reality, and then that’s the math element.
‘And then, the history element is if you make a show that is based on studying the past foolishness of humanity, you are surely going to anticipate the future foolishness of humanity as it sinks further into foolishness fair. So we don’t really think about it.’
It’s fair to say that every prediction takes on a life of its own on social media, with fans clamoring to dissect each scene, while also questioning whether the writers secretly have a time machine tucked away.
However, there is one aspect of the ever-growing frenzy that Matt – who has worked on the Simpsons since 1997 – really isn’t keen on, as he lashed out at those who ‘put obviously fake images online and say, we predicted things that we didn’t’.
‘It was nicer when the predictions were just predicting real horrible events, not people pretending we predicted horrible events,’ he continued, explaining that it is ‘very depressing and dispiriting that people want the magic to be true so bad’ that they resort to making things up.
Matt also took a second to share what the current series has in store for Homer and co, but Matt isn’t that fond of teasing the adventures that everyone’s favorite family get themselves into ahead of time.
‘My worry is if we let anyone know this idea before it aired, the internet would get confused and it would say The Simpsons is actually ending,’ he added.
‘And then, somehow that would manifest. We would’ve predicted our famous predictions – we would’ve predicted our own demise.’
Fans may have liked a heads up for last week’s season 36 premiere, which announced itself as the ‘series finale’, leaving everyone briefly worried for the Simpsons gang.
Bart’s Birthday was met with a huge amount of speculation before it even aired, given that the youngster could finally turn 11 in a show where the characters never seem to ever age.
What actually happened was former Simpsons writer Conan O’Brien hosting a screening to commemorate the end of the program.
‘It’s such an honor to be with you all for the series finale of The Simpsons,’ the animated character declared.
‘I knew I was the right man for the job because I’ve hosted the last episode of three of my own shows and counting… Well, it’s true. Fox has decided to end the Simpsons.
‘When the very first episode aired in 1989 the viewers agreed on one thing: It wasn’t as funny as it used to be, and their expressions of hatred could serve as a history of modern communication technology.
‘Fox executives, unaccustomed to criticism of any kind, immediately caved to public pressure and decided to end The Simpsons in 1990.’
Thankfully, it was a joke and the series is showing absolutely no sign of slowing down.
'This iconic sculpting gel is my go-to primer for a plump yet defined appearance'
Nail the Western style come festival season with this Free People-inspired jacket
'Extremely good' Morrisons wines under £13 you need to try this summer
‘Like sleeping on a cloud’ hail shoppers as £12 mattress protector scores glowing reviews
Testing the Uniqlo Round Mini Shoulder Bag – how much can it really hold?
The Simpsons airs on Fox on Sundays.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Love Island star ‘arrested for threatening to kill police officer’
Arrow
MORE: Weatherman in tears on live TV as he issues devastating warning over Hurricane Milton
Arrow
MORE: Veteran TV actor Ed Wheeler who starred in Law & Order dies aged 88
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy