When it was revealed that Joker: Folie à Deux would have elements of a musical, fans weren’t quite sure how far the sequel would lean into that aspect. Well, according to Variety, the film will be “mostly a jukebox musical” as it will include “at least 15 reinterpretations of very well-known songs.“
Insiders tell Variety that one of those songs is said to be “That’s Entertainment” from the 1953 musical The Band Wagon. While it seems that most of the songs will be covers of existing tunes, the door is apparently open for the addition of an original song or two. Who would have thought that Joker: Folie à Deux might be joining the likes of musicals such as Mamma Mia and Moulin Rouge?
The report also states that early discussions are underway for Joker: Folie à Deux to premiere at the Venice International Film Festival later this year, but nothing is official yet. The first movie also premiered at the festival, where it received an eight-minute standing ovation and won the Golden Lion award.
Anticipation for the Joker sequel is high, especially after the first movie received 11 Academy Award nominations and became the first R-rated flick to gross over $1 billion worldwide. Warner Bros. has pumped a lot of money into the sequel, with recent reports stating the budget has grown to nearly $200 million; quite the leap from the $60 million budget of the first movie.
Joker: Folie à Deux features the return of Joaquin Phoenix as the title character. He’s joined by Lady Gaga, who is said to be playing Harley Quinn. The rest of the cast includes Brendan Gleeson, Catherine Keener, Jacob Lofland, and Harry Lawtey. Zazie Beetz also returned to reprise her role as Sophie Dumond from the first movie, a love interest for Arthur. Plot details are being kept under wraps, but it’s been said that much of the sequel will take place within Arkham Asylum, which is where we left Arthur in the last film. Joker: Folie à Deux will hit theaters on October 4th. Find out everything we know about the movie right here!
Alien, The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford, Braveheart, The Bridge on the River Kwai, City of God, Cloud Atlas, Creature from the Black Lagoon, The Edge, The Fifth Element, Galaxy Quest, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The Godfather Parts I & II, Goodfellas, The Good the Bad and the Ugly, Gladiator, Lawrence of Arabia, The Lord of the Rings Trilogy, The Magnificent Seven, Monty Python and the Holy Grail, Perfume: The Story of a Murderer, The Prestige, Prisoners, Psycho, Raiders of the Lost Ark, Rear Window, The Shining, Sorcerer, The Talented Mr. Ripley, There Will be Blood, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, Zodiac
Drawing, cooking, watching movies, trying and failing to come up with more items for my likes list.
Follow Us

                © 1998 - present JoBlo Media Inc., All Rights Reserved | JoBlo® is a trademark of JoBlo Media Inc.
                JoBlo Media is a wholly owned subsidiary of Janvik Holdings Inc which also includes the JoBlo YouTube Network
                All movie titles, pictures, etc... are registered trademarks and/or copyrights of their respective holders
                Some images sourced from TMDB


Advertising on Our Website
                If you are interested in purchasing video or display ads on our site, we offer advertising services through our ad partner, Freestar.io.
                To get started, reach out to [email protected].