Us beauty buffs need no convincing to treat ourselves to a brand new face cream, blush stick or SPF. So, when the bank holiday - and an extra day at the weekend - looms and cosmetic brand Lookfantastic slashes the prices of some of its best-selling items by up to 40%, it'd be rude for us not to take full advantage of this additional treat and indulge in a bit of retail therapy - especially with payday having just been.
With viral TikTok products like the Maybelline Sky High Mascara, Garnier Vitamin C Daily UV Brightening Fluid and Sol de Janeiro Brazilian Crush Cheirosa 62 reduced and brands like Medik8, MAC, ESPA, Garnier, Embryollisse, Urban Decay, L'oreal, La Roche-Posay, Laura Mercier and more on offer, it's the perfect excuse to stock up on your go-to products for a fraction of the price you'd usually pay.
The 40% off sale is also a great opportunity to stock up on not just top ups of your go-to product but also to invest in some travel-sized versions them ahead of the summer season - meaning you won't have your full size bottle of ESPA body wash confiscated at the security desk because it's over 100ml (if you've got a carry on). For Drunk Elephant fans, the Lookfantastic edit in partnership with the viral brand is also on sale for £60 from £75 and is full of fun-sized versions of popular Drunk Elephant products from the Lala Retro Whipped Cream to the B-Goldi Bright Drops, which are brilliant for taking away on holiday.
Read more: Nadine Coyle's New Look collection has fans 'running' to shop ahead of Girls Aloud tour
Read more: Cat Deeley's This Morning dress doubles as the ultimate hen party outfit or bridal look
Having scanned the virtual shelves of Lookfantastic's 40% off bank holiday weekend sale - which can also see you bag 12 months unlimited next day delivery for only £7 - our beauty team has shared some of their top picks of favourite products they're stocking up on or are treating themselves to having been on their wish list for some time. Here's what they had to say:
"The MakeUp Revolution bronzing drops are quite a revelation for me. The multi-use product really is great for all purposes - I have worn just after cleansing for a quick boost, with my moisturiser for a more pigmented look (a couple more drops), and I have also buffed them into my skin around my neck and chest for a more summery glow all over. I wore the lighter shade 'Bronze Scorched' and I really enjoyed how buildable they are.
"They are a great addition to my beauty routine- and the price point is incredible for such a multi-use product.They are a little sheer but, I don't mind that. the pigment is really light with a lightweight texture to use as heavily as you like.
"The only way I haven't used the drops is in a foundation, as I tend to only wear foundation for nights out or occasions like weddings, parties and so on. The skincare focus in the bronzing drops is really good- with a skin-quenching blend of squalane, grapeseed oil and hyaluronic acid, working to deliver an intense hydration boost. The customisable drops are designed to add instant warmth and radiance to the skin while also helping to nourish, soften and refresh.
"The bronzing drops arrive in two shades. ‘Spiced Tan’ is recommended for deeper skin tones, while ‘Scorched Light’ is recommended for light to medium skin tones. Pair with the Bright Light Blush Drops and Glow Drops for envious sun-kissed luminosity. Overall, these are my favourite buildable drops which come in a very subtle scent, too."
"I’m a sucker for a TikTok viral beauty product and this Garnier moisturiser deserves all the hype around it. Usually sold out everywhere, it’s in stock in the LookFantastic sale and now under £10 so a great time to snap it up. Essentially a tinted BB cream, I love applying this on no-makeup days as it evens out my skin tone and gives my complexion a lovely glow. However, I would say it’s best suited for those who prefer a ‘dewy’ finish over matte. The formula also contains SPF 50+ and feels very hydrating meaning I only have to use one product instead of a moisturiser, sunscreen and tint."
"I've added the Colour Wow Raise The Rooth Thicken and Lift Spray to my wish list this sale season, as a weekly user of the Dreamcoat Anti-Humidity Spray (also on sale for £22.95 from £27) I'm intrigued to try this fellow product out - who knows, maybe it will leave me looking salon fresh each time I wash my hair. The Dreamcoat product gives my frizzy hair a sleek, smooth shine, slightly different to this lifting wonder.
"Usually £21.50 it's now available to buy for £16, still a little pricey in my opinion for haircare but a user of the brand I know it'll last a long time. A small spritz of this on the root of damp hair is said to give it a bouncy and voluminous lift, without having that horrid hair-spray-like stickiness. It's one to consider if you blow dry your hair and looking for extra spring, just bear in mind that it won't work as well if you leave your hair to dry naturally - as it relies on heat to activate."
"As a beauty journalist, I get to try out dozens of products each month - and as a result, my skincare and makeup rotates frequently. What it does mean, though, is that the products that I find myself reaching for daily are absolutely worth it, and one of my most-used moisturisers is the Embryolisse Lait-Creme Concentre.
"The viral icon is bought every 13 seconds and loved by a-listers including Kim and Khloe Kardashian, Syndey Sweeney, Perrie Edwards, Lady Gaga, Michelle Keegan and so many more.
"French skincare has become a pretty big deal, and will continue to be a trend in 2024, and the Embryolisse moisturiser is the perfect example. The multi-tasking lotion, primer, masque, after-shaving product, and make-up remover offers a rich formula containing essential fatty acids and vitamins to reduce irritation especially after shaving and plump skin for firmer results.
"I typically keep it in my makeup bag and use it before makeup. It helps my base go on like a dream and gives me a dewy finish to make my skin look fresh and healthy. Sometimes, especially in the winter months, I’ll use a thicker layer at night for a deeper, more repairing mask that sees ingredients like shea butter, beeswax and aloe vera work overnight."
"I have always been an eyeshadow enthusiast. Since my love affair with makeup began in my teens, experimenting with different shades, combinations, styles was and still is a favourite past-time of mine. And Urban Decay's Naked 3 palette is one product I return to time and again for its neutral shades that enable you to either pull off a delicate, English rose finish thanks to its pearly, shimmery and matte golds and pinks, or a more sultry, smokey eye with bronzes and browns - all in one palette. I mean, there's a reason it has a cult following.
"While the colours are obviously an eye-catching and worthy factor of this palette, the quality of the eyeshadow is unreal. It's gorgeously pigmented - thanks to Urban Decay’s Pigment Infusion System - and while they are gorgeously blendable, the powders are not so heavy to make it an overpowering colour on your eyelids but not too lightweight that it's barely visible.
"Plus, it stays put all day (even when I forget to put on my primer). I prefer to apply the eyeshadow with my finger as that, personally, gives me the best colour density, but with the double ended brush provided, it's the perfect palette to create a delicate and dramatic look respectively. While it's still quite pricey at £40 having had £10 knocked off its price, it's definitely still a bargain that's worth the investment - one I will certainly be treating myself to as it's a product that I, along with many other beauty buffs, 'couldn't live without'.
"Another product I am currently loving is the La Roche-Posay Anthelios UVMune 400 Invisible Fluid Non-Perfumed Suncream SPF50+. Costing £16 in the sale down from £20, the sunscreen is gorgeously light weight and isn't oily at all - something I often find is the case with sun cream. Despite a very high SPF - 50+ - the product has quite watery and thin, making it quite nice to apply to your face as you can hardly feel it. A big bonus with this sunscreen is that it has anti-eye-stinging properties, which is always something I suffer with and is sweat and water resistant. Get it here."
"As someone with relatively sensitive combination skin and Rosacea since I had my daughter, I am pretty limited to what I can put on my face without it making me very red and irritated. Since I am also not a beauty expert I used the Lookfantastic Skincare by concern tool to help point me in the right direction as I had no idea where to start. I was able to filter by my skin type and this then recommended products to me. I wanted a rounded but simple skincare routine I would be able to stick to as a busy working mum and was recommended the ESPA Hydrating Cleanse and Tone Duo.
"The products not only look and feel luxurious in study glass bottles but they also smell amazing and have been very gentle on my face. The leave your skin feeling and smelling so clean like you've had a spa treatment. The smell is also very relaxing - would highly recommend."
"I've been wearing this gourmand fragrance for years now, it's definitely my go-to for summer. Sol de Janeiro's Brazilian Crush Cheirosa 62 offers notes of pistachio, almond, heliotrope, jasmine petals, vanilla, salted caramel and sandalwood.
"What I love most is that you can use this mist on both your body and hair, and when applied over the cult-favourite Brazilian Bum Bum Cream, it lasts for hours on end. You won't find a dreamier scent for the warmer months - trust me. The fragrance is sweet without being overwhelming, but you will probably need a little top-up throughout the day."
"I got a message from my dad just before Christmas that he got me perfume that made my whole family think of me the second they smelled it. It was Eilish by Billie Eilish. I'd heard of the perfume but never got round to smelling it until Christmas. Wow.
"I don't think I've ever finished a bottle so fast, my dad replaced it within six weeks and was really proud of his gifting abilities. It smells sweet without being overpowering, a delicious blend of chocolate and vanilla that I always get compliments on when I wear it. This is a must have in my perfume collection now and it's definitely worth snapping up while it's on sale."
To see all the deals in Lookfantastic's May bank holiday sale, visit the website here.
Lookfantastic isn't the only beauty site to be reducing its prices ahead of the bank holiday as Cult Beauty's up to 50% sale is currently running, as is Sephora's 60% off sale.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.