Speculation about Gaga began after photos surfaced of the performer at her sister Natali Germanotta's wedding.
 There's no poker face-style teasing here, as Lady Gaga has invoked the lyrics of Taylor Swift to addressed rumors that she's pregnant.

 After photos surfaced of the performer at her sister Natali Germanotta's wedding over the weekend, the internet speculated that the 38-year-old might be pregnant — though the Oscar-winning "Shallow" singer-songwriter has denied that she and boyfriend Michael Polansky are expecting their first child together.

 "Not pregnant-- just down bad cryin at the gym," Gaga shared Monday on TikTok, referencing the lyrics to Swift's Tortured Poets Department song "Down Bad" alongside a video showing herself with bright blonde eyebrows. Her post also urged her followers to "register to vote or check if you're registered" to participate in the upcoming election.

David Livingston/WireImage
 In a similar post to her Instagram Story, the Joker: Folie à Deux Harley Quinn actress again stressed that she's "not pregnant" and included another link for voter registration.

 This marks the latest in a growing line of pregnancy rumors involving the star, whose fans have speculated on potential pregnancies in the past.

 Gaga previously addressed such rumors during the gestation of what would become her sixth solo album Chromatica, tweeting in 2019: "Rumors I'm pregnant? Yeah, I'm pregnant with #LG6."

 Chromatica would eventually receive an accompanying tour (which she confirmed she partly performed with COVID) and concert film, which debuted in May.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 The film ended with a tease for Gaga's next musical era, with the final shot showing Gaga walking off the stage with a snippet from a new single playing overhead. Text reading, "LG7" and "Gaga returns" also briefly flashed, teasing Gaga's imminent return to pop music.

 Watch Gaga address pregnancy rumors in the TikTok post above.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)