After a notably quieter 2023 edition which was marred by industry strikes, the 81st Venice Film Festival was a star-filled, headline-grabbing, and fittingly glamorous return to form for the world’s oldest cinematic showcase, with countless Oscar-winning actors (Nicole Kidman, Adrien Brody, Joaquin Phoenix, Lady Gaga, Angelina Jolie, Tilda Swinton, Julianne Moore) and Golden Lion-winning directors (Todd Phillips, Alfonso Cuarón) flooding onto the Lido for a shot at this year’s top prizes.
On opening night, screen legend Sigourney Weaver received the Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement for her impressive body of work over the last half a century, encompassing everything from Alien and Working Girl to Gorillas in the Mist and Avatar. Meanwhile, the formidable Australian filmmaker Peter Weir, who’s helmed cult classics such as Picnic at Hanging Rock, Dead Poets Society, and The Truman Show, took home the equivalent prize for directing.
And as for the festival’s most prestigious awards, from the aforementioned Golden Lion to the second and third-place jury prizes, the Silver Lion for directing, the Volpi Cups for best actor and actress, the Golden Osella prize for best screenplay, and the Marcello Mastroianni award for most promising newcomer? As Isabelle Huppert, the president of this year’s jury put it: “I have good news for you: cinema is in great shape.”
In her speech at the closing ceremony, Huppert went on to praise her fellow jurors, a group that this year included directors James Gray, Andrew Haigh, and Agnieszka Holland, as well as actor Zhang Ziyi. “We thought about our past, we thought about our present, and we thought about our future—all those windows to the world were wide open, and all we saw was invention, creativity, care, and concern,” she said. “So I want to thank my wonderful and perceptive jury for sharing these great moments with me with passion and conviction.”
The night’s headline news was The Room Next Door being awarded the Golden Lion. Pedro Almodóvar’s first film made in the English language, it featured standout turns from stars Julianne Moore and Tilda Swinton. Equally noteworthy, however, was the awarding of the Volpi Cup for best actress to Nicole Kidman’s fearless performance in Babygirl, all but confirming her ascendance into the Oscar race. (In an emotional speech delivered by her director Halina Reijn, Kidman shared she had traveled home to Australia after the death of her mother this week, and thus was unable to accept her award in person.)
Meanwhile, the Georgian filmmaker Déa Kulumbegashvili, whose breakout film April—a sideways take on the conventional abortion drama narrative—received glowing reviews from critics, was awarded a special jury prize. Finally, Brady Corbet received the best director prize for his breakout festival hit The Brutalist, which was widely predicted to take home the Golden Lion ahead of Almodóvar’s shock victory.
Given Venice’s track record for auguring the names to know come awards season—of the past 10 best picture Academy Award winners, four have premiered on the Lido—the journey of the festival’s most-acclaimed films is only just beginning. Below, find the list of winners in full—and prepare to see them gearing up their campaigns as we slowly approach the 2025 Oscar race.
Golden Lion: The Room Next Door (Pedro Almodóvar)
Silver Lion Grand Jury Prize: Vermiglio (Maura Delpero)
Silver Lion for Best Director: Brady Corbet, The Brutalist
Special Jury Prize: April (Déa Kulumbegashvili)
Best Screenplay: Murilo Hauser and Heitor Lorega, I’m Still Here
Best Actress: Nicole Kidman, Babygirl
Best Actor: Vincent Lindon, The Quiet Son
Marcello Mastroianni Best Young Actor Award: Paul Kirscher, And Their Children After Them
Orizzonti Best Film: The New Year that Never Came (Bodgan Muresanu)
Orizzonti Best Director: Familiar Touch (Sarah Friedland)
Orizzonti Special Jury Prize: One of Those Days When Hemme Dies (Murat Firatoğlu)
Orizzonti Best Actress: Kathleen Chalfant, Familiar Touch
Orizzonti Best Actor: Francesco Gheghi, Familia
Orizzonti Best Screenplay: Happy Holidays (Scandar Copti)
Orizzonti Best Short Film: Who Loves the Sun (Arshia Shakiba)
Lion of the Future Award for a Debut Film: Familiar Touch (Sarah Friedland)
Orizzonti Extra Audience Award: Shahed (The Witness) (Nader Saeivar)
Venice Classics — Best Documentary: Chain Reactions (Alexandre O. Phillipe)
Venice Classics — Best Restored Film: Ecce Bombo (Nanni Moretti)
Venice Immersive Grand Prize: Ito Meikū (Boris Labbé)
Venice Immersive Achievement Prize: Impulse, Playing with Reality (Barry Gene Murphy, May Abdalla)
Venice Immersive Special Jury Prize: Oto’s Planet (Gwenael François)
…
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty