Molly-Mae Hague fans will be pleased to know they can dress just like their fashion icon without needing to spend quite as much as the ITV Love Island star does. The 25-year-old regularly updates her Instagram feed with selfies of her stylish outfits, leaving many of her 8.3million followers keen to know where her clothes are from.
In a recent post, she uploaded a picture of herself in a pair of black wide-leg trousers, worn with a simple white vest and a distressed leather bomber jacket. The look was an instant hit with fans, as many were eager to find out where to buy the look.
With autumn weather arriving early, a lot of people were loving Molly-Mae's bomber jacket. In the post, she tagged designer brand Ducie London as her source, which is a brand favoured not only by the mum-of-one, but also Lady Gaga and Selena Gomez.
On Ducie London's website, shoppers can get the exact bomber jacket - but it'll cost you. The brand's Luna Distressed Leather Bomber Jacket is priced at a whopping £750.
Fortunately, there are several high street stores selling lookalike versions so you can follow the business owner's style without compromising on cost. Boohoo is selling a Vintage Faux Leather Oversized Cropped Bomber Jacket for £36 that could easily pass as the one Molly-Mae wore in her selfie.
The jacket was originally £45 but has now been reduced by 20%. Sizes range from 8-16. The 'lightweight' jacket features a gathered, ribbed waistband and matching cuffs - much like Ducie London.
It also boasts of zipper pockets and comes in a distressed grey shade. A bomber jacket is one of the most versatile and timeless jackets going, and the perfect way to edge up your casual wear.
H&M is also selling its own version, with its Dark Olive Coated Bomber Jacket for £49.99. In the reviews section online, one shopper said: "The jacket is amazing. The price was a bargain. Fits well." A second put: "Super stylish and edgy. Great fit."
However, one customer wrote: "I did not like the quality of the Jacket despite the discounted price. The jacket is of super thing material which feels much cheaper than how it looks here." Another claimed: "Very big around the shoulders."
Shein is also stocking another lookalike bomber jacket. For £27.25 shopper can grab its Affinna Zip Up PU Leather Bomber Jacket, which has more than 500 five-star reviews and a customer rating of 4.93 stars out of five.
One pleased shopper stated: "Fave coat in the world looks like pic." A second penned: "This is a gorgeous jacket. I sized up 1 size which is perfect. it is very trendy and popular style at the moment and this is one of the nicest versions of this type of jacket I have seen. the washed-out grey is very cool." However, one customer had an issue with its fit, writing: "Too short."
Asda is another option, with its Charcoal Leather Look Bomber Jacket priced at just £36.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.