Str8Curious is a monthly AskMen column where out and proud lifestyle expert Joey Skladany answers burning questions from heterosexual men about sex, dating, and the LGBTQ+ community. No topic is off limits as he candidly lends advice, debunks stereotypes, and gives it to you straight — err — gay. Should you be interested in submitting a question for editorial consideration (and we will respect anonymity), feel free to ping Joey directly on Instagram or email him at [email protected]).
“I am planning to attend my very first Pride in NYC, but I’m not sure what to expect. Is it as over the top as I see in pictures? Do I need to be concerned about unwanted sexual advances? Can I actually meet people for potential dates and/or fun?” - Bradley, Livingston, NJ
Happy Pride, sis. If you’re out and proud, you can use this month as an excuse to cut in front of straight people at the grocery store, blast Lady Gaga in the streets, and take a much-needed sabbatical from work. (Kidding, kind of.) 
Pride Month is a celebration of gender and sexual identity, a nod to the trailblazers who got us to this point, and a reminder (protest, really) of how much more we have to do to ensure that our rights are protected by law. 
Bearing this in mind, it’s important to understand that Pride is so much more than a parade through a sea of confetti and rainbow vomit — it’s a state of being. If you see a member of the LGBTQ+ community with an extra pep in their step or an extra lightness in their loafers, it’s because it’s our month and we’re enjoying the freedoms of living life authentically, sans judgment. 
RELATED: What Gay Guys Could Teach Straight Guys About Getting Kinky 
When it comes to Pride programming specifically, most major cities will offer social events beyond a parade. It is at these venues (typically gay bars, music halls, and outdoor spaces) where you are more likely to “meet people for potential dates and/or fun” and come across the “over the top” activities posed in your initial question.
But Pride can be exactly what you make of it. A Diet Coke at the bar and a bedtime of 10 p.m.? No problem. A drug-infested circuit party and a blowjob in a dark room? Not difficult to find. An intimate dinner with your closest queer friends and allies? Go for it. 
There is no wrong way to eat a Reese’s — and no wrong way to honor your homo, bi, or pansexuality. 
The parade itself is more of a culmination of these events, concerts, and parties, drawing people of all ages and from all walks of life (yes, that includes thousands of straight allies) to show support for our community. 
Certain “news” outlets may want you to believe that it’s a nudity-filled orgy fest on the streets with drag queens converting children into a lifetime of gaydom, but the reality is quite the opposite — it’s a miles-long route that lasts literal hours with representation from practically every major business in corporate America. 
RELATED: Brands Supporting Pride and the LGBTQ+ Community 
And while we can delve into semantics and argue that their participation is purely performative, I am a firm believer in a) visibility on any level and b) putting your money where your Pride float is (i.e. confirming that these companies donate to LGBTQ+ organizations throughout the year and offer services for their LGBTQ+-identifying employees). But I digress…
What you’ll also see at a Pride parade: People dancing, people cheering, people smiling, people hugging. It is love to the 10th degree and an environment of diversity and inclusion (especially for those who travel in from small towns to feel safe for a day). It is also one of the few moments during the year that actually grows my Grinch heart a few sizes and restores my faith in humanity. 
Is there a possibility that you can meet potential love interests organically at the parade? Of course! These routes are crowded and chock-full of visitors who are eager to chat with strangers. But are you going to get bent over and railed with a 10-inch dildo in public? No. 
You may be confusing this with Folsom in San Francisco, though if this is on your agenda (and I’m not here to judge), I highly encourage you to download an app like Grindr for quicker results. 
Stay alert, stay hydrated, but, most importantly, stay in the moment and take in the warmth that you’ll inevitably feel from everyone around you. It’s a good day to be gay (or any other part of our diverse community). 
You Might Also Dig: 

                    AskMen, Become a Better Man, Big Shiny Things, Mantics and guyQ are among the federally
                    registered trademarks of Ziff Davis Canada, Inc. and may not be used by third parties without
                    explicit permission.