IU’s own all-male a cappella group Another Round took to the stage at the Buskirk-Chumley Theater on Friday. From the first song, the men already had the audience in the palms of their hands.  
Another Round is a group dedicated to tradition. It is an extension of Straight No Chaser, the touring group that originated at IU in 1996 They reached widespread acclaim after their 1998 song parodying “The 12 Days of Christmas” went viral in 2007.  
I had the opportunity to interview Another Round’s current business manager and IU senior Griffin Scott before the show.  
“Our connection with Straight No Chaser is something that I am very grateful for,” Scott said. “When they come into town, we get to hang out with them. We’re very fortunate to have them as a resource.”  
Another Round pays homage to them each show through SNC’s originals, and members have continued to wear full suits with each performance, a staple of the original group. 
The concert started with the “Pitch Perfect 2” cover of “Lollipop.” If you’ve ever wanted to see the Treblemakers from that movie, Another Round is just that and more. Led by the ultra-talented sophomore Jonah Broscow, it was the perfect show opener and a cheeky nod to the film franchise that popularized a cappella nationwide.  
The set featured a mix of newer hits like Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars’ “Die With A Smile” and a mashup of Noah Kahan hits “Stick Season” and “Dial Drunk,” as well as Christmas classics “Baby It’s Cold Outside” and “White Christmas.” Their set, per usual, was high energy and the boys were never standing still. Part of what made the show so fun is the way that they interacted with one another. This is also one of Scott’s favorite parts of performing with the group.  
“The ability to have banter with the audience during our song introductions and bits is what I’m hoping share with them,” Scott said. 
Another Round alumnus Owen Albrecht said their onstage banter made performing feel natural.  
“It almost has the energy of an improv troupe,” Albrecht said. “Oftentimes one of the older members would tell us to pretend like it’s a rehearsal and we’re just singing to each other to calm our nerves”. 
As someone who has been attending their shows since the 2021 holiday concert, part of the fun was seeing both the newer and older members shine. My personal favorite numbers were “Colder Weather” by Zac Brown Band, “Don’t Stop the Music” by Rihanna and “Merry Hanukkah,” an original by members Jonah Broscow and Justin Katin. 
“Colder Weather,” a duet between juniors Jack Reese and Chase Blucker, was a crowd favorite. The two blend incredibly well with each other, sharing a few more vocal moments throughout the show. Reese, who sings bass, and Blucker also known as “Blucky,” who sings tenor 2, need to record their own album. It would go platinum in my house.  
“Don’t Stop the Music” opened the second act with senior Kyle Liss on the solo. Using the version from the first “Pitch Perfect” movie, the group really leaned into the Treblemakers inspiration. Everyone looked incredibly excited to hear the group perform and Liss did a phenomenal job with the packed crowd. He was beyond energetic and not to be cheesy, but “pitch perfect.”  
Original song “Merry Hanukkah” brought the Festival of Lights to the concert. As someone who’s childhood Jewish representation was only made up of the Rugrats Chanukah Episode, my heart warmed at the song. It was so incredibly well written. Broscow and Katin truly did the holiday justice. They also can belt their faces off.  
Freshman members of IU’s only all-gender a cappella group Resting Pitch Face, Ben Boyce and Ryan Pozviak, thoroughly enjoyed watching the show.  
“They have such a live stage presence,” Boyce said. “They’re just so fun to watch.”  
“It just puts a smile on my face the whole time,” Pozviak said. 
Another Round will continue to perform throughout 2024 in various gigs and will return to the Buskirk-Chumley April 4, 2025.  
The Daily Rundown is published Monday through Friday and gives you a quick look at the day's top stories.
Friday's weekly recap will let you catch up on the most important and most popular stories of the week.
Find out what the IDS is saying about IU basketball. The Monday edition, distributed during the IU basketball season, includes links to articles, columns, podcasts and more.
See the top stories every weekday