Flickering Myth
Geek Culture | Movies, TV, Comic Books & Video Games
October 8, 2024 by EJ Moreno 
Lady Gaga has been widely praised for her turn in Joker: Folie à Deux, but some have questioned the missing scenes, from behind the scenes to the initial trailers.
It seems like things were reworked up to the very last minute, with Gaga’s Lee Quinzel and Joaquin Phoenix’s Arthur Fleck having much different outcomes.
A month ago, Gaga told Vanity Fair that the filmmaking trio would “very often meet in Joaquin’s trailer, and sometimes we would just tear the script up and start all over.” Phillips subsequently confirmed they did a lot of rewriting on the film, particularly on the controversial ending.
According to scoopers like MyTimeToShineHello and additional outlets, the film’s original ending followed Arthur catching up with Lee on the iconic steps, but the outcome varied.
One version had Gaga’s Lee fully embrace her Harley Quinn side by killing Fleck before dancing and singing That’s Entertainment. Another reading was the police swarming Arthur to arrest as Lee watched his demise and her rise. Both of these boil down to more of Lady Gaga. Check out a video from the set here…
SEE ALSO: Joker director Todd Phillips isn’t planning a Harley Quinn spinoff or more DC movies
So, supposedly they filmed 3 different endings for #JokerFolieADeux in case the real one (which “it did”) leaked and they decided to NOT GO WITH THIS ONE??? pic.twitter.com/mMQao2A4LE
— Damien 🃏 (@GagaUnderMike) October 5, 2024
Joker: Folie à Deux opened to a lackluster $40 million debut and sits at 33% on Rotten Tomatoes. With a D CinemaScore (the lowest for a comic book movie), the following weekend box office will be fascinating.
“Joker: Folie Ą Deux” finds Arthur Fleck institutionalized at Arkham, awaiting trial for his crimes as Joker. While struggling with his dual identity, Arthur not only stumbles upon true love but also finds the music that’s always been inside him.
The new film stars Joaquin Phoenix once again in his Oscar-winning dual role as Arthur Fleck/Joker opposite Oscar-winner Lady Gaga (A Star Is Born). The film also stars Oscar nominees Brendan Gleeson (The Banshees of Inisherin) and Catherine Keener (Get Out, Capote), alongside Zazie Beetz, reprising her role from Joker.
Filed Under: EJ Moreno, Movies, News Tagged With: DC, dc studios, Joaquin Phoenix, Joker, Joker: Folie à Deux, Lady Gaga, Todd Phillips
EJ Moreno is a film and television critic and entertainment writer who joined the pop culture website Flickering Myth in 2018 and now serves as the executive producer of Flickering Myth TV, a YouTube channel with over 27,000 subscribers. With over a decade of experience, he is a Rotten Tomatoes-approved critic who is also part of the Critics Choice Association and GALECA: The Society of LGBTQ Entertainment Critics.
 

© Flickering Myth Limited. All rights reserved. The reproduction, modification, distribution, or republication of the content without permission is strictly prohibited. Movie titles, images, etc. are registered trademarks / copyright their respective rights holders. Read our Terms of Use and  Privacy Policy. If you can read this, you don't need glasses.