Manage your account
This fall’s cloudy first weekend is sweeping in a wide assortment of entertainment options to metro Detroit, including some real surprises. Here are some fun ideas.
ArtClvb’s Art Fair | Detroit, running Friday-Sunday, will showcase more than 180 artists across five gallery locations around Detroit. A diverse range of talent from emerging to mid-career artists will be featured during this opportunity to experience art that is affordable and accessible. ArtClvb invites the public to immerse themselves in the city’s thriving art scene and forge meaningful relationships with artists and fellow art lovers. Visit ArtClvb’s website for locations and times.
Multiple Detroit locations. artclvb.xyz. Free.
On the brink of a presidential election that people on both sides have called the most consequential in history, Belgian playwright Ontroerend Goed offers a fun and thought-provoking, examination of free will and politics that puts electronic voting devices — and the candidates’ fates — directly into the hands of audience members.
More: Director who grew up in Detroit brings new project home for Black film fest showing
More: 'Hysteria!,' the Peacock series set in fictional Michigan town, releases 1st trailer
On Friday and Saturday, Ann Arbor’s University Musical Society presents “Fight Night,” a show that has no identifiable political message, ideology, or social or economic reality, but presents an immersive and sharp analysis of democracy where each performance takes different turns depending on votes from the audience.
Directed by Alexander Devriendt, the production offers a 7:30 p.m. performance Friday, 2 and 7:30 p.m. performances Saturday, and a 2 p.m. matinee Sunday.
Power Center, 121 Fletcher St., Ann Arbor. 734-764-2538. ums.org. Tickets start at $48.
On Friday night, at Ferndale’s Orchid Theater, Ferndale Pride will host Mother’s Monster Dance Party, playing the iconic music of Lady Gaga, Chappell Roan, Charli XCX, Sabrina Carpenter, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, Renee Rapp and more from 9 p.m. to 2 a.m. Bring your best poker face.
Orchid Theater, 141 W. Nine Mile Road, Ferndale. ferndalepride.com/gagas. Free entry with RSVP at link.
Detroit Repertory Theatre will host its Season 68 launch party on Saturday from 5 to 11 p.m. The event will include food and drink, live music by My Detroit Players, the Gabriel Brass Band and DJ Nick Speed, and sneak peek performances from the season’s four upcoming shows. Wear warm clothes: The event will be held outside the theater, though it will move indoors in the event of inclement weather.
Detroit Repertory Theatre, 13103 Woodrow Wilson St., Detroit. 313-868-1347. detroitreptheatre.com. $20 suggested donation; pay-what-you-can option available at door.
Detroit’s Redford Theatre will host the Festival of Darkness starting at 8 p.m. Saturday. Over the course of 95 minutes, attendees will view 13 short films. They're a tapestry of darkness, introspection and horror woven by local and distant filmmakers. Half of all ticket sales go to support the continued preservation and operations of the Redford Theatre.
Redford Theatre, 17360 Lahser Road, Detroit. festivalofdarkness.com. Admission $10, available online with remaining tickets sold at door.
Irwin House Gallery’s “Undercurrent,” an immersive experience featuring the work of rising documentary photographer Elonte Davis, closes Sept. 30. On Saturday from 5 to 10 p.m., a closing reception featuring a talk moderated by Davis will be held at the gallery. The exhibition offers several modes in which to contemplate Davis’ practice, which captures and celebrates the pulse of Detroit: the people, families, neighborhoods, urban landscapes, and creative communities that embody the city.
Irwin House Gallery, 2351 W. Grand Blvd., Detroit. 313-932-7690. irwinhousegallery.org. Free.
In advance of next weekend’s A2 Jazz Fest, the Ann Arbor Film Fest and dining destination Venue will present a unique Sunday brunch option from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Musicians Ingrid Racine, Josef Deas and Max Bowen will provide the live soundtrack to a series of short, avant-garde silent films. The event will feature Frank Uhle, projectionist, cultural historian and author of Cinema Ann Arbor; Uhle will guide attendees through a discussion on the films.
Venue by 4M, 1919 S. Industrial Hwy., Ann Arbor. A2jazzfest.com. $40 plus gratuity; cash bar available.
On Sunday from 3 to 5 p.m., the Detroit Historical Museum will host a closing reception for special exhibition "Concrete Canvas: Celebrating & Exploring the History, Present & Future of Public Art in Detroit" in partnership with Preservation Detroit. See the exhibit, meet the exhibition curator and enjoy light refreshments.
Detroit Historical Museum, 5400 Woodward Ave., Detroit. 313-833-1805. detroithistorical.com. Free with registration at link.
Contact Free Press arts and culture reporter Duante Beddingfield at dbeddingfield@freepress.com.
This article originally appeared on Detroit Free Press: ArtClvb Fair, a dance party and more: Your weekend in metro Detroit