Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and popular culture. She has covered fashion, culture, art and music extensively. Marni joined Newsweek in 2024 from Frasers Group and had previously written for Cosmopolitan, Schon, The Fall and Voir Fashion. She is a graduate of The University of Edinburgh. You can get in touch with Marni by emailing m.mcfall@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Vice President Kamala Harris held the final rally of her 2024 presidential campaign in Pennsylvania last night.
On Monday, the Harris campaign held multiple rallies across swing states in their bid to clinch final support before Election Day.
Harris closed out her campaign with two rallies in Pennsylvania, one in Pittsburgh and one in Philadelphia, making her final bid for the presidency in the must-win state.
Second gentleman Doug Emhoff was in attendance and spoke at the rally: "My wife cares about what you're going through.
"She understands what's in your way, and she has concrete plans to help us keep moving forward," he said.
The Pennsylvania rallies reportedly saw tens of thousands of people in attendance, including a number of celebrities.
Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Oprah Winfrey and Will.i.am all came out to support Harris, with the latter launching a new song called, 'Yes She Can,' which celebrates the Democratic nominee.
Harris concluded her campaign with a speech that emphasized unity and focused on women's rights.
Iwan Morgan, Emeritus Professor of U.S. history at the Institute of the Americas, University College London told Newsweek that the Pennsylvania rallies were "In keeping with her final weeks of campaign strategy of presenting herself as a unifier who would seek to be president for all Americans and restore sense of togetherness for nation."
Here are some highlights from the Harris campaign's final rally.
A post shared by Kamala Harris (@kamalaharris)
"Tomorrow is election day, and the momentum is on our side," the vice president said.
"Make no mistake, we will win," she said, adding, "We will win because when you know what to stand for, you know what to fight for."
The Vice President highlighted the importance of swing state voters, and said: "You will decide the outcome of this election, Pennsylvania."
At the close of her speech, she repeated her campaign slogan to the crowd, saying "When we fight," and urging the crowd to join her in saying, "we win."
While the general tone of the rally was optimistic, Harris did warn attendees: "The race ain't over yet and we must finish strong."
Harris acknowledged the tightness of the race between her and the Republican nominee and said: "This could be one of the closest races in history."
"Every single vote matters."
She told the crowd, "I am ready to offer that leadership as the next president of the United States of America."
Throughout her campaign, Harris has sought to highlight the differences between herself and former President Donald Trump and has launched a plethora of attack lines against him, including calling him a fascist.
But at the final rally, she did not once mention her Republican rival. "Tonight, we finish as we started with optimism with energy, with joy," she said.
"We the people have the power to shape our future."
Oprah Winfrey spoke at the rally, and gave a warning to attendees: "If we don't show up tomorrow, it is entirely possible that we will not have the opportunity to ever cast a ballot again," she said.
"All the anxiety and the fear you're feeling, you're feeling that because you sense the danger," she said.
"And you change that with your vote."
In Philadelphia, Harris spoke at the Philadelphia Museum of Art, home to the iconic steps from the 1976 boxing film Rocky.
There, she leaned into symbolism of the underdog, telling the crowd that she had started as the "underdog," but will "climb to victory."
"America, it comes down to this: just one more day in the most consequential election of our lifetimes, and the momentum is on our side," Harris said.
She added: "Our crowd has tapped into the ambitions and the aspirations and the dreams of the American people."
Update, 5/11/24, 9:32 a.m. ET: This article was updated with comment from Iwan Morgan. 
Do you have a story we should be covering? Do you have any questions about this story? Contact LiveNews@newsweek.com.
Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and popular culture. She has covered fashion, culture, art and music extensively. Marni joined Newsweek in 2024 from Frasers Group and had previously written for Cosmopolitan, Schon, The Fall and Voir Fashion. She is a graduate of The University of Edinburgh. You can get in touch with Marni by emailing m.mcfall@newsweek.com.
Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and popular culture. She has covered fashion, culture, art and music extensively. Marni joined Newsweek in 2024 from Frasers Group and had previously written for Cosmopolitan, Schon, The Fall and Voir Fashion. She is a graduate of The University of Edinburgh. You can get in touch with Marni by emailing m.mcfall@newsweek.com.
Marni Rose McFall is a Newsweek reporter based in London, U.K. Her focus is on internet trends, U.S. politics and                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC