It's the highlight of the year for American football fans. The Super Bowl 2024 will take place on Sunday night and with it being shown live on terrestrial TV even more UK viewers are set to tune in than normal.
The interest around Taylor Swift and her boyfriend Travis Kelche, who will be playing in the game, has also ramped up the hype ahead of the match.
Travis' team Kansas City Chiefs will take on the San Francisco 49ers at the Allegiant Field in Las Vegas, Nevada. With kick-off not until 11.30pm UK time, it will be a late night for those wanting to stay up to watch it.
Try MEN Premium now for FREE... just click here to give it a go.
But as well as the football - and the sideshow that is Taylor and Travis - there is also the famed Super Bowl half-time time. Over the years it has seen global megastars such as Rihanna, Beyonce, Lady Gaga, U2, Prince, Bruce Springsteen and Paul McCartney perform.
This year is no exception with R&B singer Usher headlining the half-time set on the Allegiant Field pitch.
Speaking ahead of the show the eight-time Grammy-winner said: “You know, there’s been these fantasy lists that have been going out and people trying to figure out what song I’m going to perform first, middle, last – who’s going to come on the stage with me.
“What I did is, I was very mindful of my past, celebrating my present, which is here in Las Vegas, and thinking about where we’re headed in the future.
“What songs do I feel people know me for? What songs have been a celebration of all of the journey of what life and love and emotion has been offered in my music? That was the idea.
“I thought about a few moments that was special in dance.
“I thought about some things that I had created here in Las Vegas – skating and doing things that I had not done on stage up until this point, to be able to share that with the world.
“For everybody that heard about my show in Las Vegas, you will now get a chance to see some of what I did here but you’re going to get the best of it.”
Usher also confirmed during an interview with Billboard on Wednesday that there would definitely be “special guests” during the 12 to 15-minute performance
The singer has had four chart-topping tracks in the UK’s singles chart, according to the Official Charts Company, with songs including Burn and OMG featuring Will.i.am.
However, someone no longer performing is Dutch music producer DJ Tiesto who announced on Friday he was withdrawing. Tiesto, whose real name is Tijs Verwest, wrote on social media on Thursday he would miss the match between the San Francisco 49ers and the Kansas City Chiefs in Las Vegas as he needed to return home.
“It was a tough decision to miss the game, but family always comes first,” the 55-year-old wrote on X, formerly.
American DJ Ryan Raddon, better known as Kaskade, will replace Tiesto during Sunday’s game. He wrote on social media he was “beyond excited” for the opportunity.
The Super Bowl kicks off 11.30pm UK time on Sunday night. Coverage is on ITV from 10.45pm.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.