Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Sources claimed Gaga was confused by the film's box office bomb after it received a standing ovation at its premiere.
Sept. 6 2024, Published 8:57 p.m. ET
Lady Gaga's history of bad romance forced her to face the "really scary" possibility of spending the rest of her life alone — until prince charming Michael Polansky came along. 
The Hold My Hand singer opened up about how her fiancé helped lift her out of that "dark place" in a new interview, RadarOnline.com can reveal. 
Gaga, 38, and Polansky, 46, have been romantically linked since December 2019 and after a brief split in 2023, they got engaged in July. 
Polansky was by his fiancée's side at the Venice Film Festival world premiere of 'Joker: Folie à Deux'.
With wedding plans in the works, the lovebirds were interviewed by Vogue on Thursday and Gaga gushed over the "kind" and "smart" tech entrepreneur. She said: "[H]e's not with me for any other reason than that we are right for each other."
The singer, who plays Harley Quinn in the upcoming sequel Joker: Folie à Deux, was engaged twice before Polansky. When the interviewer brought up her failed relationships with Taylor Kinney and Christian Carino, she admitted: "I kind of thought I was going to have to do this all by myself—forever."
She continued: "And that was really scary. Because it’s a big life. And I don’t think anyone really knows what it feels like unless you’re in it.
"And I don’t have to do this alone anymore."
The entertainer said she "had never met anyone like Michael", noting "his life and my life are very different."
Their relationship flourished during the pandemic because it gave Gaga "the chance to slow down", Polansky said, explaining: "She’s been operating at an unfathomable level of intensity for years and it’s no secret it had caught up to her."
The pandemic brought the couple closer together because it allowed Gaga to 'slow down', they said.
He went on: "We had this amazing chapter of a weird kind of normalcy that’s essential for any relationship to develop in a real way—taking walks, making coffee, hanging out with the dogs, reading books together..."
But while the pandemic brought the pair closer together, it also disheartened Gaga to see the loneliness plaguing so many people in isolation. 
She recalled: "It was very painful to see how deeply it affected the world. Not only how sick people got, so many people died, but also so many people were alone."
The Joker sequel will be released in theaters this October.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
"I feel very grateful that I wasn’t alone. I had never met anyone like Michael," she added.
The songstress from A Star is Born wanted her fans to know she was "so happy" and "healthy" because "the last time they heard from me...I was in a really dark place."
Her 2020 album, Chromatica, "was about an absolutely horrible time for me with my mental health," she explained. 
Gaga confessed she "struggled for, like, many years before that", but said "everything started to change" with Polansky.
She called him "a real friend who saw the ways in which I was unhappy and why," adding: "And he wasn’t afraid to truly hold my hand. And get to know me. On a very deep level."
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.