(Photo by Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic)
Sure, these ladies are megawatt celebrities, but they’ve found their romantic matches in some pretty normal dudes!

It was in 2003 that Ellen Pompeo  first locked eyes with her real-life McDreamy — record producer Chris Ivery — at an L.A. grocery store. The pair wed four years later and became parents to three kids. “My husband is a fantastic guy,” the Grey’s Anatomy star, 54, has raved of Chris, 56. “And very, very secure.”
He’s not famous himself. But Gal Gadot’s hubby of 15 years, Jaron Varsano, inspired the Wonder Woman lead to pursue acting. “I would never be where I am without him,” the 38-year-old has said of the Israeli real estate developer, 48, with whom she shares four little girls. “He was the one to give me the courage to do it …. He’s the dreamer.”
Lady Gaga, herself, admits she’s got “stupid love” with entrepreneur and philanthropist Michael Polansky. Though the duo, who’ve been linked since 2019, don’t often speak of their romance, they were recently spotted holding hands at the 2024 Super Bowl. The singer, 38, “knows Michael is the one,” an insider previously told Life & Style. “She’s crazy about him.”
Margot Robbie acknowledges that her platonic housemate-turned-producing partner and spouse, Tom Ackerley, 33, prefers to stay behind the camera. “We were friends for so long,” the Barbie actress, 33, who tied the knot with her regular joe in 2016, has recalled of their early beginnings. “I was always in love with him, but I thought, ‘Oh, he would never love me back.’”
Jennifer Lawrence and art dealer Cooke Maroney were introduced by a mutual friend in 2018 and said “I do” a year later. “He’s just the best person I’ve ever met in my whole life,” the Causeway star, 33, has said about her beau, 39. The duo welcomed son Cy in 2022.
While Sydney Sweeney is very open about some aspects of her life, the 26-year-old keeps her relationship with fiancé Jonathan Davino private. A few details she has shared? “He’s a business guy,” Syd said in December. “He’s from Chicago.” Together since 2018, they also ​co produced her rom-com Anyone but You.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: