Betting on the national anthem is a fun bet to start your Super Bowl betting card. Get the history of the anthem length, an analysis of the props available, and more!
UPDATE: Jon Batiste performed a dazzling rendition of the national anthem at Super Bowl 59. While the Covers' official time was 125 seconds, results vary depending on the sportsbook as there is no official timer for the singing of "The Star-Spangled Banner" and some books grade at the beginning of "brave" and some at the end. FanDuel graded the bet as Over 120.5 seconds, but BetMGM graded it an Under for the same time. 
Academy and Grammy Award-winning singer and songwriter Jon Batiste will perform the national anthem at the Super Bowl. The Over/Under time for the Super Bowl national anthem remains at 120.5, but the Under has been steamed to -139.
With the length of his previous renditions, plus his recent rehearsal before the Big Game, it's fair to say that odds have been on the move much like they are any other year. Besides speculating how long Batiste will be perform, other factors are heavily coming into play such as him adding a piano into the mix.
It'll be a tight squeeze for bettors with Batiste's preceding national anthem performances being around the 2-minute mark, which makes this upcoming one even more interesting. Super Bowl national anthem betting is one of the first Super Bowl prop bets to cash in on, with oddsmakers usually setting an Over/Under well in advance of the big game. 
This year's Super Bowl will feature the Kansas City Chiefs versus the Philadelphia Eagles; but before we get to the Big Game, we're going to tap in on Super Bowl national anthem odds to prepare your picks for tonight.
The opening Over/Under for Jon Batiste's national anthem length at Super Bowl 59 was set at 120.5 seconds (-122 Over/+100 Under). Here are the latest odds, where the Over is +105 and the Under is -139.
Last year's total opened at 84.5, before being moved all the way to 89.5 by kickoff! Super Bowl national anthem props aren't just limited to the length of the song. Sportsbooks release other markets based on the anthem performance and the broadcast.
 Sports bettors should be aware that because there is no official timer, some sportsbooks will grade this prop on slightly different times. In the past, this resulted in the same bet being graded as Over at some betting sites and Under at others. Be sure you understand the terms and conditions of this prop at your betting site before placing a bet.
Batiste can play nearly every instrument under the sun and has performed the national anthem without even singing in prior renditions. Here are the odds for whether or not Batiste will perform the anthem with a piano.
There is also a betting market available for whether or not a player or coach will cry during the national anthem. "Yes" is a heavy favorite as Eagles coach Nick Sirianni cried during the Super Bowl national anthem just two years ago.
BetMGM - $1,500 first-bet offer
Use promo code CVRBONUS1500 and if you lose your first wager, BetMGM will return your stake in bonus bets - up to $1,500.
ProphetX - Get 300 in Prophet Cash
Available in 40+ states — including California, Texas, and Florida — and featuring over 500 Big Game props! Use promo code COVERS and get up to 300 in Prophet Cash.
Eligible U.S. locations only.21+. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
The length of the national anthem performance at the Super Bowl depends on the performer, but a myriad of other factors play into it, such as special effects, broadcast considerations, and, of course, the fighter jet flyovers!
In 2023, Chris Stapleton's "The Star-Spangled Banner" performance clocked in at 121 seconds. Hitting the Under for early betters and the Over for later bettors who jumped on 120.5. In fact, the previous three Super Bowls have featured country singers, and their performances have averaged about 123 seconds, or two minutes and three seconds. Reba's opening odds for Super Bowl 58 had her at just 84.5 seconds, but bettors quickly pushed the Over up to 87.5 seconds the same day.
The Super Bowl betting experts at Covers will keep track of how national anthem odds are changing in the days leading up to the Big Game between the Chiefs and Eagles. Here are the Super Bowl national anthem opening odds.
This year's national anthem betting scene could get tricky. Batiste may very well do a piano-only preamble before even singing a word. Most sportsbooks only start their stop-watches when "Oh say, can you see?" is first uttered.
There is also the possibility that Batiste doesn't sing at all and just plays an instrumental version of the anthem.
Batiste national anthem length history is interesting. Here are two versions accompanied by the time for how long each one goes.
The average for Batiste national anthem time based on just those two versions is 97.5 seconds, or 1 minute and 37.5 seconds.
There is also an instrumental-only version on YouTube, which clocks in at a whopping 3 minutes and 4 seconds if you start from when Batiste first strikes a piano key, to the last time he hits a key.
All national anthem versions at the Super Bowl have clocked in between 1 minute and 3 minutes. The Over/Under is typically set around 2 minutes.
Neither of Batiste's aforementioned versions from the US Open and the NBA All-Star Game went over 2 minutes.
Betting on the Super Bowl national anthem is not an option on regulated sportsbooks in the United States in states where sports betting is legal. It is, however, available at regulated sportsbooks in Ontario and the rest of Canada. Make sure you check out our list of the best Super Bowl betting sites before making your wagers.
When it comes to these non-game-related Super Bowl betting markets, gaming regulators don’t want to expose themselves to any market that is predetermined or could be leaked ahead of time for the benefit of bettors in the know. As an example, the national anthem rehearsal from two years ago was recorded and posted online, giving bettors the exact time for the “Star-Spangled Banner.”
When it comes to Super Bowl national anthem betting, there are two ways to gain an advantage. You pore over old YouTube videos, trying to figure out the speed at which it'll be sung. Or, you simply wait until the rehearsal time gets leaked.
Last year, Warren Sharp released the anthem length as a paid pick to his subscribers. This raised a few eyebrows because Sharp was working with NBC, which was the network that was broadcasting the Big Game. Three years ago, with the outdoor stadium in Tampa Bay, a local reporter stood outside the stadium and timed the rehearsal length — then posted it on Twitter for all to see!
The rehearsal video was spot on, with the actual performance landing at about 2:16 and Eric Church singing first.
Generally, yes. However, some sportsbooks are starting to include disclaimers on markets like this that a bet placed after the "result becomes public information" will be voided. Whether a leaked anthem time is considered public information is a bit unclear, but it seems this disclaimer would give them the option of voiding bets made after the leak.
Betting on the Super Bowl national anthem is one of the many novelty prop markets available for the annual NFL championship that isn’t connected to the outcome of the actual game. The singing of "The Star-Spangled Banner" takes place before the coin toss and has become one of the most popular Super Bowl prop bets at online sportsbooks.
Super Bowl national anthem prop bets have grown in popularity over the past decade, especially because this market doesn’t directly involve the game and has a fun crossover into pop culture that appeals to even the most casual viewer.
The most popular market is betting the Over/Under on the length of time it takes to complete the anthem, but there will also be markets about what the singer(s) will be wearing and if they will make a mistake during their rendition.
Along with other Super Bowl odds, it's important to learn how to bet on Super Bowl prop markets. Betting on the Super Bowl national anthem all depends on the performer named to sing "The Star-Spangled Banner." From there, oddsmakers can have a lot of fun creating some unique and entertaining national anthem props.
The most common way to bet on the Super Bowl national anthem is the national anthem length. Oddsmakers will set an Over/Under total in time (minutes and seconds), and bettors can pick whether the anthem will go Over or Under the set time total.
Most anthem singers have performed "The Star-Spangled Banner" at previous events and games, and many of those renditions are available to watch online on platforms like YouTube. Once the Over/Under time total is set, plenty of Super Bowl bettors flock to those clips to help handicap the singer’s style and the average time needed to belt out the anthem.
Besides betting on the length of "The Star-Spangled Banner," there are other Super Bowl national anthem props available: 
However, these other props are not nearly as popular and won’t be offered at all betting sites.
The national anthem length odds usually come out two weeks prior to the Super Bowl, shortly after the performer of "The Star-Spangled Banner" is announced.
The Over/Under time and attached vig/juice will vary from book to book, so if you have multiple sportsbook options, you can shop around for the best total price to fit your prediction. Like most Over/Under bets, books will display the total and the Over and Under will have vig/juice attached to each side.
For example, the Over/Under for the Super Bowl LIV national anthem was 1 minute and 56 seconds (116 seconds) with an opening vig of -115 per side. That means for every $10 you want to win, you need to risk $11.50 ($115 to win $100).
However, as more money was bet on the Over heading into Super Sunday, bookmakers adjusted the vig on the national anthem odds to Over 116 seconds (-140) and Under 116 seconds (+110). Oddsmakers did this to draw more money to the Under. That adjustment meant that for every $10 you wanted to win betting the Over, you would need to bet $14. And for every $10 risked on the Under, you could win $11 ($100 wins $110).
Popstar Demi Lovato performed the national anthem at Super Bowl LIV and took 1 minute and 49 seconds to complete it (109 seconds), so those that bet on the Under won their prop wager.
Betting on the Super Bowl national anthem is not an option on regulated sportsbooks in states where sports betting is legal. Only Super Bowl betting sites and sportsbooks outside of the United States can offer national anthem props for the Super Bowl. 
Land-based operators within the U.S., like sportsbooks located in Las Vegas, are not allowed to offer props on the singing of the Star-Spangled Banner because there’s no official timing provided and all grading would be subjective to the bookmaker. 
Gaming control boards and regulatory commissions are hesitant to offer betting markets on events that can’t be defined in the box score of the Super Bowl, as they are vulnerable to conflicts in results and decisions.
However, some states have softened their stance on these novelty prop markets in recent years. New Jersey sportsbooks are allowed to offer betting on the color of the Gatorade bath and Super Bowl MVP odds have been available in Nevada since 2016.
The explosion in online sports betting in the late 1990s got the ball rolling on novelty Super Bowl props. While casinos in Las Vegas couldn’t offer action on the length of the national anthem (restricted by state gaming control board rules), online bookies could and jumped at the opportunity to take wagers on this fun pop culture-powered prop.
Going back to Super Bowl XXXIV in 2000, the average length of the national anthem is 115.4 seconds (one minute and 55 seconds) over the past 31 Big Game renditions. Only 11 of those anthems went longer than two minutes. However, six of those have come in the past 10 Super Bowls.
The longest amount of time needed to sing the Star-Spangled Banner in that span was two minutes and 35 seconds by Alicia Keys at Super Bowl XLVII in 2009, while the quickest anthem time since Super Bowl 25 was 1 minute and 30 seconds by Billy Joel at Super Bowl XLI in 2007. Since 2020, the average length of the anthem performance has been 119.5 seconds.
In terms of betting on the national anthem, the most memorable — and controversial — singing of the Star-Spangled Banner was by pop star Christina Aguilera at Super Bowl XLV in 2011.
Not only did Aguilera mess up the words to the national anthem but she added a “Woo” at the end of the song, which had different sportsbooks grading the length at various times: some including the “Woo” and others not. Anthem bettors that lost their prop bet based on those decisions were unhappy, and many online books made the call to pay out bets on both the Over and Under to avoid further outrage and bad press.
Jon Batiste is set to sing the "Star-Spangled Banner" at Super Bowl 59.
Yes, you can bet on the national anthem if legal sportsbooks in your region are allowed to offer those props.
The average length of the Super Bowl national anthem since 191 is 115.6 seconds (1 minute and 55.6 seconds).
In 2024, Reba McEntire's "The Star-Spangled Banner" performance clocked in at 100 seconds.
Batiste sang the national anthem for 1 minute and 29 seconds at the NBA All-Star Game a few years back. In a performance at the US Open, he went 1 minute and 46 seconds.
Hailing from Harlem, New York, Aisha Quiñones joined Covers in 2024 after an illustrious career with several other major media outlets. A proud Johnnie, after graduating from the Big East basketball powerhouse St. John's University, Quiñones earned her bachelor's degree in sport management and journalism, then obtained her master's degree in media studies from The New School.
Over a span of 12+ years, Quiñones has built her portfolio as a writer, dipped her toe into on-camera work, and also been behind the scenes in producing sports content.
Despite being a New Yorker, Quiñones has always been a lifelong Los Angeles Lakers fan thanks to her mom's joy of watching Kobe Bryant play — so much of a fan to the point that Quiñones named her toy poodle after the late-great legend.
Her hometown roots stay true to her MLB and WNBA choice in teams, as a Yankees and Liberty fan, due to her uncle and grandmother's love for the sports throughout her childhood.

                    If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on
                                this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide
                                any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in
                                your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner
                                of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.