Kamala Harris is not just known for her political prowess but also for her rich musical roots.
Harris and Minnesota Governor Tim Walz recently made a visit to Liberty County High School in Hinesville, Georgia.
The high school band practice session received an exciting boost when Harris and Walz unexpectedly showed up, eliciting gasps and cheers from the students.
Addressing the students, Harris reminisced, per ClassicFM, "I was in a band when I was your age."
The VP continued, "I played the French horn. I also played the xylophone, vibraphone, and kettle drums", sparking a wave of excitement among the budding musicians.
Walz emphasized the importance of being a part of a group in his speech, rather than just an individual. He pointed out that while a single instrument may have its own charm, it evolves into something truly remarkable when harmonized within the band.
"Your single instrument alone is an amazing thing, but as part of this band it becomes really amazing."
Harris also told the students, "Sometimes you hit the right note, sometimes you don't. But all the practice makes for beautiful music, and that is symbolic for everything that you all will do in your lives."
Over the years, Harris has shared insights into her cultural preferences on multiple occasions.
During a segment on "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert," the audience was treated to a video showing a variety of songs handpicked by former Senator Kamala Harris.
This engaging and light-hearted clip, "Senator Kamala Harris' Mood Mix," offered a glimpse into her music preferences. The playlist was released in the early months of 2019.
1.       "Check The Rhime" by A Tribe Called Quest
2.       "Young, Gifted and Black" by Aretha Franklin
3.       "Purple Rain" by Prince
4.       "The Ghetto" by Too Short
5.       "HUMBLE." by Kendrick Lamar
6.       "Shallow" by Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper
7.       "Lemonade" by Beyoncé
8.       "One Nation Under A Groove" by Funkadelic
9.       "Oh Happy Days" by Edwin Hawkins
10.   "Sun is Shining" by Bob Marley & The Wailers
11.   "Push It" by Salt-N-Pepa