By EMMA SALETTA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:57, 25 September 2024   |  Updated:  22:00, 25 September 2024   
 1k
View  comments
Music enthusiasts who prefer one-hit wonders over frequently-played radio hits can smile now National One-Hit Wonder Day is here.
Several X users have listed their favorite ones in honor of the day, most of which were released between the 1980s and 2010s.
Chart-topping hits like Gotye's 'Somebody I Used to Know' and Aqua's 'Barbie Girl' are just two of the many songs that were the top one-hit wonders.
However, some songs that were not mentioned were Los Del Rio's 'Macarena' and Vanilla Ice's 'Ice Ice Baby.'
Gotye's 'Somebody I Used to Know' was one of the most-talked about songs on X in honor of National One-Hit Wonder Day
Several X users have excitedly given opinions over what they believe is the best one-hit wonder all day
Several X users who are fans of eighties music insisted 'Take On Me' by A-ha was the best one-hit wonder out there.
The 1985 hit took home six out of eight MTV Video Music Awards in 1986, and its video was nominated for an American Music Award.
'One of my favorites is 'Take On Me' by a-ha. Though they had more success in Europe, this 1985 hit became iconic for its catchy tune and innovative music video,' an X user tweeted.
Another eighties song that's popular amongst X users is the 1982 hit 'Come On Eileen' by Dexys Midnight Runners.
Not only did it debut on the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart, but it was Great Britain's best-selling single of 1982.
Other eighties classics that multiple X users mentioned were '867-5309/Jenny' by Tommy Tutone, 'Mickey' by Toni Basil, and 'Don't You Forget About Me' by Simple Minds.  
'Take On Me' by A-ha  took home six out of eight MTV Video Music Awards in 1986
Happy National One-Hit Wonder Day! What is one of your favorite one-hit wonders?I'll start: Come on Eileen pic.twitter.com/3EXSt05FkX
Mickey by Toni Basil. Not even my generation, but this is one of the few songs I dance in public for 😂 pic.twitter.com/Suz72C8loq
Various X users were fans of A-ha, but they also mentioned Tommy Tutone, Toni Basil, and David Bowie
The 1990s were full of plenty one-hit wonders that have resurfaced over the years in media.
One song X users mentioned more than once was 'Return of the Mack' - the 1996 Mark Morrison hit that debuted in the top three of the Billboard Hot 100.
'Return of the Mack will be played today,' an X user wrote in response to a post created by Pop Base.
Another nineties tune that X users have mentioned several times is 'You Get What You Give,' which was New Radicals' most popular hit from their one and only 1998 studio album.
The group performed the song for the first time in over 20 years to celebrate the Inauguration of President Joe Biden, to which he said was his family's 'rallying theme song.'
'New Radicals' 'You Get What You Give' has finally displaced 'Walking on Sunshine' as my favorite 'one-hit wonder,'' tweeted an X user.
Other one-hit wonders of the nineties that social media raved about include 'Tubthumping' by Chumbawamba, 'Macarena' by Los Del Rio, and 'Barbie Girl' by Aqua.   
The 1990s were full of plenty one-hit wonders that have resurfaced over the years in media.
New radicals - you get what you give pic.twitter.com/hNiOpF9eMN
One song X users mentioned more than once was the 1996 one-hit wonder 'Return of the Mack'
The 2000s and 2010s are full of songs sung by Lady Gaga and Taylor Swift, but music enthusiasts could still recite lyrics to one-hit wonders by Psy and Carly Rae Jepsen.
Psy's 'Gangnam Style' was an instant viral K-pop hit that took the US by storm in 2012, and at one point, it was the most viewed video on YouTube.
He also made numerous appearances, and with the help of MC Hammer, he made celebrities get up and dance to his 'Gangnam Style' performance at the American Music Awards.
'Saying PSY is a one hit wonder... You'll never understand the impact of that that and gentleman,' an X user tweeted.
Despite him only being a one-hit one in the US, he's still popular in Korea, and is considered one of the musicians who helped K-pop become more popular in America.
Carly Rae Jepsen was known for competing in Canadian Idol, and after she was praised by Justin Bieber, she released her number one hit 'Call Me Maybe' in 2011.
Not only was it the best-selling digital single worldwide in 2012, but it also spend nine weeks atop the Billboard Hot 100. 
'Call Me Maybe was too big that she did not stand a chance,' an X user wrote.
https://t.co/kcMIMob4lX
Two popular one-hit wonders from the 2010s that X mentioned were 'Gangnam Style' by Psy and 'Call Me Maybe' by Carly Rae Jepsen
Despite there being hundreds of one-hit wonders to choose from, most X users have seemingly selected 'Somebody That I Used to Know' as the top pick.
'Anyone who isn't saying Gotye for Somebody That I Used To Know isn't picking a good choice,' tweeted a fan.
The song won Record of the Year and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 2013 Grammy Awards, and after its fame calmed down, Gotye left the spotlight.
'I always wondered what happened to Gotye. Bugger just disappeared into thin air after 'Now You're Just Somebody That I Used To Know,'' an X user wrote. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group