By SAMEER SURI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:32, 20 March 2024   |  Updated:  17:25, 20 March 2024   
 266
View  comments
Cindy Crawford's 'nepo baby' Kaia Gerber went bra-less under a strikingly sheer tank top in her raunchy latest photo-shoot.
The 22-year-old, who has followed her mother's footsteps into the modeling profession, sizzled up a storm in a string of snaps for V magazine.
For her cover image, the rising clotheshorse posed on a chair in the see-through sleeveless top and shot the camera a smoldering stare.
In another sizzling snap, Kaia - who will next star in the Saturday Night Live movie SNL 1975 - went topless under a black leather jacket as she struck a power pose, with her shapely legs splayed wide.
Kaia's shoot, which was taken for the magazine's spring 2024 issue, allowed her to show off her supermodel credentials including her enviably flat midriff.
Cindy Crawford 's 'nepo baby' Kaia Gerber went bra-less under a strikingly sheer tank top in her raunchy latest photo-shoot
The 22-year-old, who has followed her mother's footsteps into the modeling profession, sizzled up a storm in a string of snaps for V magazine
For her cover image, the rising clotheshorse posed on a chair in the see-through sleeveless top and shot the camera smoldering stare
In another sizzling snap, she went topless under a black leather jacket as she struck a power pose, with her shapely legs splayed wide 
She blew through ensemble after ensemble in the series of pictures, taken by Mario Sorrenti, a Neapolitan most famous for taking nudes.
Kaia remained dressed throughout her pictures with Mario, which were styled by Nicola Formichetti, a fashion director known for his work with Lady Gaga. 
In one retro photo, she could be seen pulling a 1950s pinup pose while decked out in a slinky lace bodysuit that served up a generous helping of cleavage.
Another one of her outfits was a kinky set of black leather overalls attached to a tantalizingly high-cut pair of matching shorts.
She brought back memories of the 1970s in a loose-fitted sleeveless floral jumpsuit, wheeling around to reveal the saucy number was backless.
Lending Mario's shoot an extra splash of Italian flair, Kaia was pictured in some of the shots holding a copy of Dante's Inferno.
One particular evocative photo was of Kaia glaring over the top of the open book, her eyes blazing out from under a thicket of fringe.
About a year ago, the showbiz legacy responded to the then-swirling furor around 'nepo babies' in a cover interview for Elle magazine.
Kaia's shoot, which was taken for the magazine's spring issue, allowed her to show off her supermodel credentials including her enviably flat midriff
'Yes, nepotism is prevalent, but I think if it actually was what people make it out to be, we’d see even more of it,' said she 
She blew through ensemble after ensemble in the series of pictures, taken by Mario Sorrenti, a Neapolitan most famous for taking nudes
In one retro photo, she could be seen pulling a 1950s pinup pose while decked out in a slinky lace bodysuit that served up a generous helping of cleavage 
Another one of her outfits was a kinky set of black leather overalls attached to a tantalizingly high-cut pair of matching shorts
She brought back memories of the 1970s in a loose-fitted sleeveless floral jumpsuit, wheeling around to reveal the saucy number was backless
Lending Mario's shoot an extra splash of Italian flair, Kaia was pictured in some of the shots holding a copy of Dante's Inferno
About a year ago, the showbiz legacy responded to the then-swirling furor around 'nepo babies' in a cover interview for Elle magazine
One particular evocative photo was of Kaia glaring over the top of the open book, her eyes blazing out from under a thicket of fringe
'I won’t deny the privilege that I have,' she told the publication. 'Even if it’s just the fact that I have a really great source of information and someone to give me great advice, that alone I feel very fortunate for.' 
Kaia, whose mother achieved international stardom as one of the iconic Supermodels of the 1990s, said: 'My mom always joked: "If I could call and book a Chanel campaign, it would be for me and not you." But I also have met amazing people through my mom whom I now get to work with.'
However she insisted that a whole separate ethos is in place when it comes to her burgeoning acting career, which includes the new Apple TV+ series Palm Royale starring the comic heavy hitters Carol Burnett and Kristin Wiig. 
'With acting, it’s so different. No artist is going to sacrifice their vision for someone’s kid. That just isn’t how art is made, and what I’m interested in is art,' Kaia insisted.
'Also, no one wants to work with someone who’s annoying, and not easy to work with, and not kind. Yes, nepotism is prevalent, but I think if it actually was what people make it out to be, we’d see even more of it,' said she.
'Even if it’s just the fact that I have a really great source of information and someone to give me great advice, that alone I feel very fortunate for,' she said, acknowledging her 'privilege'
Kaia with her mother Cindy at an Oscar party earlier this month; they had on Celine dresses
Kaia seen as a child with her mom in Cindy's collage shared to Instagram last month
On the personal front, Kaia has been romantically involved with the movie star and sex symbol Austin Butler, 32, for over two years. 
Austin, who previously spent years dating Vanessa Hudgens, first started running around with Kaia in late 2021 before they went red carpet official in May 2022. 
They confirmed their romance by appearing together at the 2022 Met Gala and then jetted off to Cannes, where she supported him at the premiere of his film Elvis, the picture that made him a star and earned him an Oscar nomination.
She previously dated Saturday Night Live Lothario Pete Davidson in late 2019, at a time when he was 26 and she had only just turned 18.
Just before she took up with Austin, Kaia had a long-term relationship with the sizzling Australian heartthrob Jacob Elordi of Euphoria fame.
Jacob then took up with Lori Loughlin's daughter Olivia Jade, who is notorious for her role in the 'varsity blues' college admissions scandal.
Plain Jane, she just doesn&apos;t have it!&nbsp;

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group