-“Terrifier 3" — the latest horror flick from Staten Island writer and director Damien Leone — opened in theaters on Oct. 11, 2024. (Photo by Jesse Korman)(Photo by Jesse Korman)
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. — If there’s one thing Hollywood should know by now, it’s that you shouldn’t sleep on the “Terrifier” franchise.
“Terrifier 3″ — the latest horror flick from Staten Island writer and director Damien Leone — looks to have found its place atop the box office this weekend.
The film, produced on a $2 million budget, grossed nearly $8.2 million off a 2,514-theater run on Friday, topping the chart and beating out multimillion-dollar high-profile films like “Joker: Folie à Deux," starring Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga; “Beetlejuice Beetlejuice,” with Michael Keaton and Winona Ryder; and the animated movie “The Wild Robot,” which features Lupita Nyong’o and Pedro Pascal, according to entertainment data website The Numbers.
Early figures predict the indie slasher movie, which officially opened Oct. 11, will earn at least $16 million over the four-day period between Thursday and Sunday.
Producers Michael and Jason Leavy at the former St. John's University campus on Grymes Hill. (Courtesy of Fuzz on the Lens Productions) (Courtesy of Fuzz on the Lens Productions)(Courtesy of Fuzz on the Lens Productions)
It’s already off to a killer start: In addition to its Friday total, “Terrifier 3″ made roughly $2.6 million in its early previews at 1,988 theaters on Thursday, bringing its two-day total to around $10.8 million.
For perspective, 2022’s “Terrifier 2,″ which was produced on a budget of $250,000, made around $15.7 million total in domestic and international box offices. The 2016 cult-classic original, simply called “Terrifier,” made $342,749 on a production budget of around $35,000.
In case you’re unaware, allow us to break down the brutal premise of “Terrifier 3″ for you: The third installment of the franchise follows two characters who survived a Halloween massacre by Art the Clown (David Howard Thornton) in “Terrifier 2.” As they try to move on from the horrors of the past, Art returns to terrorize them and many, many others in the days leading up to Christmas. That’s about as G-rated as we can put it.
From left: Script supervisor Marcus Slabine, Art The Clown double, "Terrifier" film producer Steven Della Salla, director Damien Leone, actor David Howard Thornton, and producer and assistant director Michael Leavy. (Courtesy of Fuzz on the Lens Productions) (Courtesy of Fuzz on the Lens Productions)(Courtesy of Fuzz on the Lens Productions)
For what it’s worth, “Terrifier 3″ isn’t just gore core. As of early Saturday, 77% of critics' 78 reviews on Rotten Tomatoes were positive, and it had a 92% approval rating from audiences.
The reception of the third installment has been nothing short of incredible, Michael Leavy, New Dorp resident and co-founder of Fuzz on the Lens Productions, told the Advance/SILive.com.
Leavy, the assistant director, has been part of the “Terrifier” franchise since its inception, along with his co-producer brother Jason, writer and director Damien Leone, and a herd of other Staten Islanders.
“It feels incredible, because I know how hard we all worked on this film, and not only just ‘Terrifier 2,’ but also the entire ‘Terrifier’ franchise," said Leavy. “It’s really a testament to our fans and our fanbase, because it was driven by them. They’re the ones who spread the word. Then it was just up to us to make sure that we didn’t let them down."
Leavy confirmed there will be a “Terrifer 4,” and with the prospect of getting to work once again with Leone, his brother Jason, producers Phil Falcone and Steven Della Salla, and director of photography George Steuber, Leavy was adamant he is definitely down for another round.
“Whenever [Leone] calls and he’s ready to do it all over again,“ said Leavy, “I’ll be there.”
Fans of the “Terrifier” franchise should also keep an eye out for the Oct. 15 digital release of “STREAM,” a modern horror slasher film created by the team behind “Terrifier.”
Check out the very NSFW trailer below.
Written and directed by Damien Leone, “Terrifier 3″ stars David Howard Thornton, Lauren Lavera, Elliott Fullam, Margaret Anne Florence, Bryce Johnson, Antonella Rose and Samantha Scaffidi. It’s produced by Leone, Phil Falcone, Steve Della Salla, Michael Leavy, Jason Leavy and George Steuber. It is distributed by Cineverse.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices