Students dance with each other as the show concludes. This was the first of six dance productions planed this year for RRHS.
RIO RANCHO — The Rio Rancho High School Dance Department held a dance concert inside the Rio Rancho Performing Arts Center Thursday evening.
"I am so proud of our pieces, and we gave it our all," senior dancer Moira Gutierrez said. "We were backstage, rushing in, and crying and all in pain with our Icy Hot. Now, I have flowers and chocolate, and people are telling me that I was 'glowing,' so I feel good."
RRHS Dance Department students in Dance 3 and The Master Dance Company got the opportunity to showcase their talents to friends and family.
The dance concert had 15 dance performances, including one intermission.
Music used in some of the performances came from notable artists like Lady Gaga, Panic! At The Disco, and Sabrina Carpenter.
According to RRHS dance teacher Selena Green, this dance concert was the first of six performances for the school year. One of the upcoming dance concerts will be November.
"This is just their first opportunity to put out some dance moves, pieces, things that I have choreographed, things that the students have choreographed, just anything to get them going," Green said.
Green also choreographed a lot of the dances, and in her spare time she also teaches the color guard.
"This is my last year with Ms. Green, and I am crying just thinking of it," Gutierrez said. "I am so happy that the school allows us to have this opportunity, and this program, and to have such an amazing teacher."
At the end of the show, all dancers took a bow and made sure that Green received recognition for all of her work and support as the audience gave her a standing ovation.
RRHS dance teacher Selena Green gets a standing ovation from the crowd. Green also teaches the color guar.
"It means everything. That's why I teach dance. My number-one thing is to help young people find passion and to give them an outlet to express themselves," Green said.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Have the latest local news delivered every afternoon so you don't miss out on updates.
Receive our newspaper electronically with the e-Edition email.
Best trending stories from the week.
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.