There is Kanye West before 2008 and Kanye West after 2008.
We're not sure which version rap fans got when he headlined a stacked show in the Quad-Cities that year, but it's impossible to understate just how significant this tour was.
The year prior, he released "Graduation," a multi-platinum record that served as the third in an album trilogy with "The College Dropout" and "Late Registration." All three were nominated for Album of the Year at the Grammy Awards. 
Kanye West on Sunday, Aug. 28, 2016, at the MTV Video Music Awards at Madison Square Garden in New York. 
"Graduation" was the 12th-best-selling album of 2007. Its singles — "Stronger," "Good Life," "Can't Tell Me Nothing" — were everywhere. It was West's second album to top the Billboard album charts. With each of his seven solo albums since, he's hit No. 1.
By all measurements, this was just the beginning of West's reign at the top of hip-hop. 
But something about West's persona was slipping. In the early 2000s, he was the innovative sample-spinning producer behind some of Jay-Z's best songs, a master of hooks who cleverly rapped through a metal wire after shattering his jaw in 2002. 
By 2008, controversies crept up on his creative output. His mother passed away, he broke up with his fiancée and he gave magazines a new polarizing quote almost every week. 
Kanye West, left, and Kim Kardashian West arrive at the MTV Video Music Awards at Madison Square Garden on Sunday, Aug. 28, 2016, in New York. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)
In an AP interview at the end of 2008, West declared that he was "the voice of a generation" and compared himself to Michael Jordan. 
"Of this decade, I will be the loudest voice," he said, and nobody argued. 
On June 12, 2008, the influential, controversial, Chicago-born rapper with the loudest voice of the 2000s, stopped at the iWireless Center, the arena formerly known as The Mark of the Quad-Cities. 
The bill for the "Glow in The Dark Tour” had more stars than West. 
There was Lupe Fiasco, a linguistic rapper freshly removed from his sophomore album "The Cool." There was supposed to be the Pharrell-fronted act N.E.R.D., but the group dropped out last minute, prompting boos when Fiasco mentioned them during his performance. 
But the big attraction on the undercard was Rihanna.
Paul McCartney, from left, Rihanna, and Kanye West perform at the 57th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday, Feb. 8, 2015, in Los Angeles. 
Today, she's a Super Bowl Halftime alumna, recipient of nine Grammy Awards and known as the second-best-selling female musician of all-time. Then, she was a prodigy, a year removed from the No. 2 song of 2007, "Umbrella," featuring Jay-Z. 
"Rihanna also glowed as she showed off her dance skills in front of sharply angled stage props that lit up," Stephanie DePasquale wrote in a review for the Quad-City Times. 
Rihanna played all of the hits she'd released at this point: "Unfaithful," "Don't Stop The Music," "Take A Bow," "Umbrella." 
Rihanna performs on stage at the MTV Movie Awards on Sunday, April 13, 2014, at Nokia Theatre in Los Angeles. 
West's set was cinematic and conceptual, like most of his records. The stage was elaborate, featuring a spaceship, smoke, rolling hills and spotlights. The setlist followed a story: West was an astronaut marooned on an unknown planet while searching the universe for creativity. 
"(It) set the stage for West to sing crowd favorites," DePasquale wrote, adding that the rapper played "Champion," "Can't Tell Me Nothing," "Flashing Lights," "Gold Digger" and "Jesus Walks."
West, Rihanna and Fiasco combined for 11 of the 100 best-selling songs on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2008. The stacked lineup was good enough to bring some stars from out of town.
Employees at The Mark said NBA superstars LeBron James, Chris Paul and Dwyane Wade flew into Moline to watch the show. 
"They showed up like halfway through the show and asked to find them a place to sit that wasn't in the crowd," Scott Mullen, executive director at Vibrant Arena at The Mark, said. 
The hoopers would have had to fly into the Quad-Cities through some wicked weather, because on the night of the show, funnel clouds formed over Moline and a severe thunderstorm wreaked havoc on city streets.
The road outside the iWireless Center flooded. 
"People attending the Kanye West Glow in The Dark concert at the iWireless Center in Moline Thursday night found their vehicles deep in water by the end of the show," read a staff report in the Rock Island Argus the next day. 
Inside the arena, the air conditioning flickered on and off, making for a sweaty scene. West himself poked fun at it.
"He said a prayer and offered to become a better person if God would get him off the planet," DePasquale wrote, adding that West promised to give up on antics at award shows "if you could just get us some AC." 
West's biggest award show moment hadn't even happened yet.
That came in 2009, when he snatched the microphone from country singer Taylor Swift during an acceptance speech at the MTV Video Music Awards, to declare that Beyonce deserved the award instead.
Kanye West takes the microphone from singer Taylor Swift during the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards.
The moment made West a punchline, and he canceled his planned tour with Lady Gaga.
West's critical and commercial acclaim continued, with smash records like "My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy," "Watch The Throne," "Yeezus" and "The Life of Pablo" in the 2010s. But public opinion wavered.
Swift and West, alongside his now ex-wife Kim Kardashian, continued feuding. He was admitted for psychiatric observation in Los Angeles in 2016, shortly before he receded from the public entirely.
He reemerged with even more controversy.
Since 2019, he's released an expensive shoe line, pivoted to Christian gospel music, run for president, appeared on far-right podcast InfoWars, peddled antisemitic conspiracies and praised Adolf Hitler.
Many of West's fans have not wavered in their support, and his 2024 collaborative record "Vultures 1" debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard album charts. 
After 2008, Rihanna's fame only grew, with hits like "Rude Boy," "We Found Love" and "Diamonds" topping the Billboard charts. She has not released an album since 2016, instead pivoting to a career in business as the head of fashion brand Fenty. 
For West, 2008 is the clearest line in the sand between old Kanye and new Kanye. It was also a juncture for the hip-hop scene in the Quad-Cities, especially at The Mark. 
In the 16 years since the show, there have been just three concerts at the arena headlined by rappers. In a May interview, Mullen explained that it's partly because rap shows just don't sell well. 
Tickets for the West and Rihanna show were sold for $42.50 and even came with a copy of West’s book, “Thank You and You’re Welcome.” But DePasquale's review cited just 5,000 tickets sold for the "Glow in The Dark" show, indicating roughly half of the venue’s capacity. 
Mullen said the venue lost money. It also lost its status with rap promoters.
"Agents, they know what they're doing," Mullen said. "They take notice of that stuff, so next time someone comes around ..."
The next rap gig at The Mark wasn't until Lil Wayne's performance in 2016. 
The eight years after Kanye and Rihanna’s downpour were the biggest hip-hop drought in the arena's history.
This story is part of a series called "Timeless Tickets," where we're aiming to find the most notable concert in the Quad-Cities, every year from 1960 to today. Do you have a story or photo to share from an iconic local show? Send it to entertainment reporter Gannon Hanevold at ghanevold@qctimes.com. 
To read more "Timeless Tickets" stories, click here. 
Tupac Shakur was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame 27 years after his untimely death. The ceremony, which was hosted by radio personality Big Boy, paid homage to the rapper’s achievements in the music industry. "Though his career lasted just five years, Tupac Shakur remains one of the most complex and prolific artists of his generation, with over 75 million records sold worldwide," said Big Boy. Shakur’s star is the 2,758th to grace the famous walkway on Hollywood Boulevard, with his sister Sekyiwa among the guests in attendance. "Today, we aren’t just honoring a star on the sidewalk, we are honoring the very essence of a person who fearlessly pursued his dreams and fought to turn them into reality. This is Tupac’s moment, the culmination of years of dedication and passion," she said. Sekyiwa revealed that Tupac “dreamed of having a star on the Walk of Fame,” adding that she “couldn’t be prouder to watch his star shine.”
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Entertainment Reporter
More than 2,400 people attended Bob Dylan’s Davenport concert on Tuesday. At times, Dylan performed unintelligibly and with his back to the st…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.