AN acclaimed guitarist and singer-songwriter is appearing at Silsden as part of a UK tour.


  Chantel McGregor will perform at the town hall on September 28.


  Her talents as a guitarist were recognised at a young age and she became the first student in the history of Leeds College of Music to achieve a 100 per cent pass mark, with 18 distinctions. She gained a first-class honours degree in popular music.


  Her debut album, Like No Other, was released in 2011 and its follow-up – Like Control – in 2015, to critical acclaim.


  Both were produced by Livingstone Brown, whose production credits include Ed Sheeran.


  Chantel launched a successful podcast, which earned a place in the iTunes podcast charts, in 2018.


  And two years later she released a rock cover of Lady Gaga single Stupid Love, through US label Cleopatra Records.


  For ticket information about the Silsden show, visit silsden.live/event-details/chantel-mcgregor


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.