(L-R) Donna D'Errico, Michael Newman and Traci Bingham attending a 'Baywatch' press event to unveil the show's new cast members on Malibu Beach in Malibu, California, July 17, 1996. (Photo by Vinnie Zuffante/Getty Images)Getty Images
“Baywatch” star Michael Newman is dead at age 68, his friend and “After Baywatch: Moment in the Sun” director Matthew Felker announced Monday. 
“I lost my friend. A hero. My hero,” Felker wrote. “Thanks for coming into my life Newmie. Even if it was a brief time.”
According to NBC, Newman died Sunday after a long battle with Parkinson’s disease, which he was diagnosed with in 2006. Felker said Newman died of “heart complications” surrounded by friends and family.
Newman, who spent years raising money with the Michael J. Fox Foundation to help find a cure for Parkinson’s disease,  was best known for playing Mike “Newmie” Newsman on the TV series “Baywatch” from 1989 to 2001. He was the only cast member with real-life lifeguarding experience and appeared in 150 episodes, second only to co-star David Hasselhoff.
NBC reports Newman, who also appeared on the spinoff series “Baywatch Nights,” also worked as a full-time firefighter around his filming schedule. He continued firefighting for 25 years before retiring.
Survivors include Newman’s wife of 36 years, Sarah, two grown children and a 1-year-old granddaughter.
MORE BUZZ:
Buzz is a daily roundup of entertainment news about movies, TV, music and celebrities.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices