For Chicago-area independent artist Tala Silva, music is the best way to channel her emotions. Beginning her songwriting process with nothing but a guitar, Silva builds on her ideas until they become melodic stories of love, heartbreak and passion. 
“It’s very feathery, alternative, bedroom indie pop R&B,” Silva described. 
Growing up in a Filipino family in the suburbs of Chicago, Silva spent her childhood singing karaoke at every family gathering — which she describes as having a major hand in her interest in music from a young age. But it wasn’t until 2019 when she released her debut EP Sunsets and Flowers that her love of music superseded the karaoke machine.
From a studio built into her bedroom, Tala Silva honed her craft  — releasing her aptly-titled single “Bedroom Peace” in 2020. Since then she has released 12 more singles, including October 2023’s “Goddess” and March 2024’s “So Fine,” which landed on Vocalo’s “In Rotation” playlist. 
Tala Silva will be performing with Sunny’s Collective, presented by CoCreate, at HAZ Cooperative Studios (1706 S Halsted) on August 17. Tickets start at $15.
Nudia Hernandez: The stuff you’ve been sending and submitting to Vocalo has been so good. I almost can’t believe you’ve only been doing this seriously for a year now. 
Tala Silva: Yes, about a year. It’s been in and out of the pandemic. I thought it would be fun, and then now I’m like, “Yeah, I should actually, really do this.”
You just did it for fun, but now you’ve been featured by Spotify, one of your songs. Which one was it called? 
“Call Back,” it got onto New Music Friday. I was like, “Oh, wow. Maybe I should actually do something about this, maybe I should take this seriously.”
So you have a studio in your bedroom?
I do. I just have a small Scarlett interface that connects my GarageBand to some headphones that I have and a mic, and that’s my studio. I have my guitar and I also have some keys, and on those keys I also have a drum pad, so it’s like an Akai Mini. That’s how I put everything together in my little bedroom studio.
Do you have a producer? 
Nowadays I’m very lucky to have a lot of opportunities to co-produce. I’ll send over an idea that I have, like, “Oh, I was just writing this on guitar.” I’ll sometimes write everything completely on guitar, and then I’ll hit up one of my producer friends and say, “Hey, do you think you could do bass and drums on this?” Or even my brother, he does a lot of the bass and drums on my tracks. That’s usually how it works out.
Your song “Goddess,” what was the inspiration for it? 
I was in school, I guess I liked a girl, and there was a very on-and-off situationship where I ended up feeling really led on. I was like, “You know what? I’ll just write a song about it.” So that’s where that mainly stemmed from. 
So is it a diss song?
It’s more like, “I know you want me, and you know I want you, we should get together. Let’s stop playing games.” That’s basically what that song is about.
Quite recently, you’ve been dropping a few new singles. For you, is your songwriting process inspired by things you’re going through? 
Yes, usually in the present moment. The way I write music is I just freestyle everything, and then I find a repetitive section. I’m like, “Okay, this could be the chorus and this could be the verse.” Most of the time it is stuff that I’m going through in the present moment. 
I’m getting better at it, I need to release things sooner when I’m feeling it. They’re all things that I’m going through, and then on top of that, they’re also things that I might have gone through four years ago and then I’m like, “You know what, I want to write a song about it because I was inspired by that situation.” It’s a mix of both, I think.
The talent and your love for music, singing and stuff, did that start when you were really young? 
Oh, yeah. I am Filipino, so because I’m Filipino, you have to sing karaoke, because you have to show up and show out. You’re representing your family at the reunion. 
What were some of your go-to karaoke songs? 
Man, “Hopelessly Devoted [To You].” I think also “Paparazzi” by Lady Gaga. 
I’ve always been singing at a young age. I guess my culture, being Filipino and having karaoke as a big part of that, had me start that at a very young age. But I never really thought of music as a serious thing, because in my culture, it’s like, “Oh, be musically inclined,” I don’t know, “Play a classical instrument and then become a doctor.” You only have three options: lawyer, doctor or nurse. So I never really thought of that. I think another thing is I’ve always been, I started playing violin at a very young age, for a long time. I stopped playing it, and I picked up guitar and my dad taught me a couple of cords, then I started learning songs that I really liked and then before I knew it I had a collection of these cords and I started making my own songs. 
My friends in choir, we would try to have these acapella medleys but I could never remember the lyrics. So instead I was like, “I’ll do the guitar, but also make my own music.” I guess that’s how it came about, because I also felt as though I didn’t really fit anywhere. I remember a choir director telling me, “Your voice is very unique.” Which isn’t necessarily a good thing in choir, because you want to blend. Also growing up, there weren’t that many blends of genres. I never thought I could do music because you have to have a pop vocal or an R&B vocal, but then I started to see indie progress. I guess that’s the story of how I got into music, or how that influence has been going on throughout the ages.
Then during the pandemic, you’re like “Oh, let’s do this for funzies.” But then people actually showed interest.
I was kind of taken aback, because of the fact that, at this time, I had no idea what mixing and mastering was. I was like, “Let me just record onto this.” To give a picture of what I was working with, before I even had a bedroom studio — which isn’t even all that much anyway, even today — I had an iPhone 8 and some Apple headphones that had the mini wire and an iRig, and that’s how I made everything. And being in my closet, I put blankets around and then I recorded that way. I really didn’t think much of it, but was pleasantly surprised that people actually vibed with the stuff that I was creating. Then I started thinking, “Maybe this could go somewhere.”
How would you describe your sound?
Feathery, alternative, bedroom indie pop R&B.
What’s next for you, are you gonna be putting out more singles? Do you have a vision of an album or performing shows? 
I have a show Aug. 17 for the Sunny Collective so I’m really excited about that. We’ve been rehearsing really hard.
In terms of releasing, I have four songs that are completely done, that I’m ready to release throughout the year. I want to release all of those by the end of the year. Then I have 17, 23 other songs in the vault that are 90% done, but I’m not completely ready yet. There’s a lot of new music and a lot of shows coming up, so I’m really excited.
Nudia Hernandez is the host and producer of Nudia In the Afternoons on Vocalo. Follow her @nudiaonair. 
Morgan Ciocca is the digital producer for Vocalo.
Abigail Harrison is a digital engagement intern for Vocalo.
Want more arts and culture in your inbox every week? Subscribe to The Goods, Vocalo’s Chicago-focused newsletter.
Vocalo Radio
March 17, 2025
Vocalo Radio
March 10, 2025
Vocalo Radio
January 2, 2025