By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.			
Subscribe now and get up to 61% off the cover price.
Includes digital magazine access and the exclusive Robb Report tote bag.
Sign up for our newsletter and go inside a world of luxury.
 By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
		We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Lifestyle Director

	“I hate people who drop names—and Lady Gaga agrees with me!” says Michael Chow, better known as Mr. Chow, the name of his global network of fine-dining temples. Joking aside, memories involving A-listers are always within reach for the restaurateur. 



	Chow was just 12 when he left his native Shanghai to attend boarding school in England. Both his mother and his father, a leading Beijing opera performer, fell victim to China’s Cultural Revolution. He wanted to be an artist but was told that Chinese men in the West faced a stark choice: “restaurant or laundry,” as he put it in last year’s HBO documentary aka Mr. Chow. 

	










Related Stories




						Frey Ranch’s Latest Whiskey Tastes Like a Deconstructed S’more					




						Here’s Where You Can Get Jameson’s Oldest Age-Statement Whiskey Yet					




						How to Make the Chi Chi Rodriguez, a Spicy and Refreshing Tequila Cocktail					






	He turned to acting, scoring roles in films including You Only Live Twice, before his entertainment-world contacts helped finance his first restaurant in London in 1968, when he set out to prove that Chinese cuisine can be as chic as anything you’d find in Europe. 



	Soon, regulars included the likes of the Beatles and Jerry Hall, and within a decade the hot spot had outposts in New York—where Andy Warhol and Jean-Michel Basquiat often dined—and Los Angeles (Jane Fonda and Marlon Brando were fans). The seventh Mr. Chow outlet opened in Riyadh late last year, and another is just about to open in Dubai. Now, at 85, “M”—as he is referred to in art circles—has returned to his original calling and believes waiting a lifetime to pursue his artistic dreams has made his work stronger. “To be a great painter, you need soul,” he says. “Otherwise, the painting is meaningless.” 

	I get up very early, and in the morning, when I have clarity, I reanalyze what I did the day before. So I start the morning very fresh, before I get polluted by the reality of the world. 



WATCH







	I’m technologically illiterate. I don’t know how to use email—I don’t even have email, thank God. But I do text, and I love to. Because if I don’t know how to spell something, I can just talk into the phone. 

	My costume is formally dressed. I need armor to compensate, otherwise they keep putting me down! So I’m all dressed up. A bespoke suit from Hermès, George Cleverley shoes. The socks are by Charvet. 

	










	A cuddle from my wife and my two babies. 

	When I go to sleep, I usually design an interior [in my head]. I just design, design, design, and then I go to sleep. 

	Jacob Twyford at Waddington Custot, a gallery in London. He’s incredible. Very knowledgeable. And he’s the only one that gave me a show. It’s very difficult to find someone who loves art and is also very straightforward. 

	I’m not very sporty, because I’ve suffered from asthma since I was young, but I do swim. I try to swim three times a week for 40 minutes. 

	If you can practice every day to be kind and above all, to be real, that’s success. Don’t be a phony. And on top of that, give me a Ferrari. 

	I’m too chic to wear a watch. You see, I’m beyond watches! But I specialize in collecting vintage Cartier watches and Mickey Mouse watches—the early ones. 

	Maybe tai chi. It’s very powerful. Because it’s internal. Oneness with nature and all that stuff. 

	Sam Spiegel, one of the greatest producers ever, gave me three pieces of advice: Always drive a Rolls-Royce, always tip big, and always borrow big and pay on time. And I follow two and a half [of those]. I drive a Rolls-Royce. I don’t believe in tipping, but I do believe in overtipping. And I do borrow big, but I never pay on time. 

	My first Rolls-Royce was a straight-six Silver Cloud I. Right now I have a Bentley Continental II. I ordered it from the factory in 1985, and I only have something like 60 miles on it. And then I drive a Volkswagen Type 1 convertible. It’s a stick shift. It’s, like, falling apart, but it’s cool. 

	










	It depends. As you get older—and you’ll find out—everything deteriorates. So driving at night is difficult. Also, I don’t know how to use GPS. 

	Leonardo is a great one. Not DiCaprio—Leonardo Da Vinci. In the film world, Luchino Visconti, [Akira] Kurosawa, all these great movie directors. Elia Kazan. I think Marty [Scorsese] is great. 

	It’s always changing, but one of them is Eden-Roc—that’s my number one in the world. Because of the landscape, the history, the whole thing. Claridge’s has some history, too. I think London has some good ones. 

	Expertise. When you come to a point where you need to know something right now—whatever you have to do, pay for it. If I’m stuck in certain things, I’ll pay anything. Otherwise, I can’t move forward. 

	I think I’m trying to do that 99 percent. But it’s very difficult. Because sometimes you’re scared, right? But I’m trying to. 

	Well, I’m trying to be a minimalist, but I need my costumes. 

Oppenheimer. I hope you’ve seen it. 

The Crown. Because I grew up in England. 

	Oh, I love Ennio Morricone. I love him. It’s kind of romantic. I love Beethoven and opera—and the Beijing opera, my father’s stuff. 
Lifestyle Director
Justin Fenner is Robb Report's lifestyle director. He's been covering style, grooming, and watches for over a decade, traveling across the world to examine how these topics intersect with the broader…
Meet the Wine Club That Thinks Differently.
Receive editor-curated reds from boutique California producers four times a year.