By STEPHEN GIBBS FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  09:07, 5 May 2024   |  Updated:  09:07, 5 May 2024   
EXCLUSIVE 
As accused killer cop Beau Lamarre-Condon racks up two months behind bars in protective custody, extraordinary pictures have emerged of his previous life chasing international superstars. 
Lamarre-Condon's case was mentioned briefly in Sydney's Downing Centre Local Court in late April when he did not appear in person or by audio-visual link from jail. 
The 28-year-old is charged with murdering television presenter Jesse Baird and his Qantas flight attendant boyfriend Luke Davies at Paddington on February 19.
Lamarre-Condon's current circumstances under 24-hour observation at the Metropolitan Remand and Reception Centre at Silverwater are far removed from his days and nights seeking the limelight. 
More photographs have emerged of accused killer cop Beau Lamarre-Condon during his time as a celebrity-chasing paparazzo. He is pictured with pop star Katy Perry in Sydney in 2017
Lamarre-Condon is charged with murdering television presenter Jesse Baird and his Qantas flight attendant boyfriend Luke Davies. He is pictured with Katy Perry in Sydney in 2014
Lamarre-Condon was once a fixture on the local celebrity trail, posing for photographs with visiting A-listers including Taylor Swift, Miley Cyrus, Selena Gomez, Kim Kardashian, Lady Gaga, Dua Lipa and Harry Styles. 
Daily Mail Australia has obtained more images of the sacked senior constable hugging and taking selfies with chart-topping singer Katy Perry during two of her trips to Australia.
In July 2017, Lamarre-Condon threw his arms around Perry on a Sydney street as she greeted fans outside Universal Music's Australian headquarters. 
In an earlier set taken in March 2014, again in Sydney, the amateur paparazzo was seen snapping shots of himself with Perry using a professional camera. 
A source close to Lamarre-Condon recently revealed his mental state had been deteriorating as he struggled with the harsh reality of his first time in jail. 
'He's not doing real well at the moment,' the source told told Daily Mail Australia.
Lamarre-Condon, pictured with Katy Perry, is under 24-hour observation at the Metropolitan Remand and Reception Centre at Silverwater
Lamarre-Condon was once a fixture on the local celebrity trail, posing for photographs with visiting A-listers including Taylor Swift , Miley Cyrus, Katy Perry (above) and Lady Gaga
A source close to Lamarre-Condon recently revealed his mental state had been deteriorating as he struggled with the harsh reality of his first time in jail
'Obviously it's set in now - what's happened and the allegations and where he is. I think the rot's set in mentally-wise. He's at a low point at the moment.' 
Police allege Lamarre-Condon shot dead Mr Baird, 26 and Mr Davies, 29 with his service pistol at Mr Baird's home and then dumped their bodies two days later in the Southern Tablelands.
Mr Baird and Lamarre-Condon were previously engaged in what police have described as an 'off and on' romance but Mr Baird had not wanted to pursue a relationship.
Police have alleged the murders were premeditated after a months-long campaign by Lamarre-Condon of 'predatory behaviour' targeting Mr Baird.
The couple's bodies were located on February 27 inside surfboard bags on a rural property at Bungonia, about 185km south-west of Sydney.
Lamarre-Condon has not yet entered pleas to the two counts of murder but his solicitor, John Walford, said outside on April 23 the charges 'could be' defendable.
Lamarre-Condon, pictured with Katy Perry, has not yet entered pleas to the two counts of murder but his solicitor said outside court on April 23 the charges 'could be' defendable
Lamarre-Condon, above with Perry, joined the police in 2019 and up his arrest on February 23 was working as a youth engagement officer
Mr Walford, who served 20 years in the NSW Police Force and went on to work for the Director of Public Prosecutions, also said his client was doing it 'a bit tough' in jail.
'It would be very tough for him at the moment, but it's tough for everyone,' Mr Walford told reporters.
Asked if the charges were defendable, Mr Walford said: 'They could be'.
Mr Walford has received a partial brief of evidence from the DPP and Lamarre-Condon is due to be psychiatrically assessed next month.  
Lamarre-Condon joined the police in 2019 and until his arrest on February 23 was working as a youth engagement officer. 
Mr Walford told Daily Mail Australia it appeared Lamarre-Condon had received a number of commendations while attached to the youth command.
He said Lamarre-Condon had used his past experience as an entertainment blogger to introduce disadvantaged children to celebrities, 'to give them a bit of a high'. 
Lamarre-Condon had used his past experience as an entertainment blogger to introduce disadvantaged children to celebrities, 'to give them a bit of a high'
Police allege Lamarre-Condon shot dead Jesse Baird (right) and Luke Davies (left) at Mr Baird's home and then dumped their bodies two days later in the Southern Tablelands
On one occasion, the policeman had arranged for an Indigenous child who was having personal troubles to meet their hero, singer Jessica Mauboy. 
'Apparently he was very good with disadvantaged kids,' Mr Walford said. 'Other kids that are coming out as gay, and during the course of difficult times.
'Apparently he assisted detectives in a high-profile matter where there was some serious domestic violence and he got involved and got the confidence of the kid and that matter was able to proceed because of his involvement.
'We've got some pretty reliable sources that are saying that in the youth command he was a bit of a star.'
Mr Walford said he was in no way trying to downplay the heinous crimes his client had been accused of committing but the picture emerging from his research was not of an 'evil monster'.
Lamarre-Condon had strong support from his family, including his mother, who was a former police officer.
He is due back in court on June 18. 
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group