Manage your account
Vice President Kamala Harris delivered a concession speech at Howard University in Washington, D.C. Wednesday afternoon after she called President-elect Donald Trump to congratulate him on his victory against her in the 2024 race for the presidency.
"The outcome of this election is not what we wanted, not what we fought for, not what we voted for," Harris said. "But hear me when I say, the light of America's promise will always burn bright."
A victory in Wisconsin early Wednesday gave Trump 277 Electoral College votes, pushing him past the 270 needed to secure the White House. The Associated Press called the race for Trump Wednesday morning, making him the 47th president of the United States.
Hours later, the Associated Press called Michigan for Trump as well. The wins in Wisconsin and Michigan followed key Trump victories in Pennsylvania, Georgia and North Carolina — all critical swing states that acted as decisive territories in the presidential race. Trump, as of now, is also leading in the popular vote with 51% of returns.
Trump will become the second president to lose a reelection campaign but return to the White House four years later. The only other president to win a nonconsecutive term was Grover Cleveland in 1892.
We're covering the election live all week. Sign up for Breaking News alerts to get the latest updates.
Yahoo News political reporter Andrew Romano participated in a Reddit AMA Wednesday to answer user questions about the election. Here's an exchange from the session.
Wil_daven_: Now that we're starting to see numbers/results from the election, I find it striking that so many younger voters have swung to the GOP/Trump. What insights do you have on those trends? Is it ideological? Is it a consequence of a terminally online culture? Do they simply not remember or know about Trump's first administration?
Andrew: I find it striking too! To visualize the rightward shift among young voters, check out this chart. It shows women aged 18-29 going from a +32 Democratic group in 2020 to +18 Democratic group in 2024. Meanwhile, men aged 18-29 have gone from +15 Democratic to +13 Republican (!) over the same period.
Teen and twentysomething men voting Republican isn’t some alien phenomenon. Remember Alex P. Keaton? But Barack Obama was so popular among Millennials that anyone who came of age politically during the late Aughties / early 2010s could be forgiven for thinking young people would always be hopey-changey progressives.
That’s clearly not the case now. But why? I have to think that identity-politics backlash, diminished economic prospects (post-Great Recession, post-pandemic) and ever-more-algorithmic online echo chambers (like Elon Musk’s X) all have something to do with it. Also, Trump has been the dominant gravitational force in U.S. politics for nearly 10 years now. He's going to attract some younger people simply because he's there.
Read Andrew's full Q&A from the AMA.
Former Vice President Mike Pence offered his congratulations to Donald Trump for his 2024 election win, writing on X that the "American people have spoken."
Earlier this year, Pence said he could not "in good conscience" endorse his former boss, citing Trump's conduct around the Jan. 6 attack on the Capitol and policy disagreements.
Trump has won Alaska and its 3 electoral votes, according to the Associated Press.
In a fiery statement, Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders criticized the Democratic Party for abandoning working-class Americans and failing to address inequality, stagnant wages and the lack of universal healthcare.
“It should come as no great surprise that a Democratic Party which has abandoned working class people would find that the working class has abandoned them,” the statement read. “Today, while the very rich are doing phenomenally well, 60% of Americans live paycheck to paycheck and we have more income and wealth inequality than ever before.”
Sanders went on to condemn U.S. support for Israeli President Benjamin Netanyahu’s “all out war against the Palestinian people” and addressed issues with health care access, explaining that the U.S. is “the only wealthy nation not to guarantee health care to all as a human right,” despite paying "by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.”
“Will the big money interests and well-paid consultants who control the Democratic Party learn any real lessons from this disastrous campaign?” he continued. “In the coming weeks and months those of us concerned about grassroots democracy and economic justice need to have some very serious political discussions.”
Kamala Harris delivered her concession speech at Howard University on Wednesday, capping an end to her 107-day campaign for president that began when President Biden announced he was dropping out of the 2024 race.
Here are notable lines from her address:
"We must accept the results of this election," Harris said, before adding, "Earlier today, I spoke with President-elect Trump and congratulated him on his victory."
In a marked contrast with Trump's loss in 2020, Harris said, "A fundamental principle of American democracy is that when we lose an election, we accept the results. That principle, as much as any other, distinguishes democracy from monarchy or tyranny."
Harris also vowed that she would "never give up the fight for a future where Americans can pursue their dreams, ambitions and aspirations." That included the freedom for women "to make decisions about their own body," she added, and "to protect our schools and our streets from gun violence."
In a message to her young supporters, Harris said, "To the young people who are watching, it is OK to feel sad and disappointed. But please know it's going to be OK," adding, "You have power. You have power."
Vice President Kamala Harris publicly conceded defeat to Donald Trump in a speech at Howard University, her alma mater, late Wednesday afternoon. Photos show Harris's running mate, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz, in the crowd, as well as her supporters comforting each other over the loss.
Harris closed her concession speech by saying she hopes America is not entering as "dark" a period under Trump as she had warned on the campaign trail.
"I know many people feel like we are entering a dark time, but for the benefit of us all," she said. "I hope that is not the case. But here's the thing, America, if it is, let us fill the sky with the light of a brilliant, brilliant billion stars. The light, the light of optimism, of faith, of truth and service. And may that work guide us even in the face of setbacks toward the extraordinary promise of the United States of America."
Harris urged her supporters to continue to fight for what they believe in.
"Sometimes the fight takes a while," she said. "That doesn't mean we won't win. That doesn't mean we won't win. The important thing is don't ever give up. Don't ever give up. Don't ever stop trying to make the world a better place. You have power. You have power."
In her first public remarks since the race was called for Trump, Harris conceded defeat.
"We must accept the results of this election," she said.
Harris called Trump earlier in the day to concede the race.
"Earlier today, I spoke with President-elect Trump and congratulated him on his victory," she said. "I also told him that we will help him and his team with their transition and that we will engage in a peaceful transfer of power."
After saying she had already congratulated Trump on his victory, Harris added, "While I concede this election, I do not concede the fight that fueled this campaign."
In her concession speech Wednesday at Howard University, Vice President Kamala Harris said, "The outcome of this election is not what we wanted, not what we fought for, not what we voted for."
Harris then added, "But hear me when I say, hear me when I say the light of America's promise will always burn bright."
In her first public appearance since losing the 2024 presidential election to Donald Trump, Vice President Kamala Harris took the stage to Beyoncé's "Freedom" at Howard University in Washington, D.C., her alma mater, to deliver her concession speech. She received a long standing ovation from her supporters.
Harris has won the statewide vote in Maine, and with it two electoral votes, according to the Associated Press.
Belarusian President-elect Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya extended congratulations to Trump on his election victory.
"I look forward to continuing & enhancing our cooperation with the U.S. to bring freedom to Belarus," Tsikhanouskaya said in a statement. "The [USA] will always be a key ally for us as we fight to free our country from tyranny."
The country's current president, Alexander Lukashenko, also released a statement praising Trump's win as a victory “in the name of America and its citizens," reports the Associated Press.
Lukashenko went on to wish Trump “good health” and “well-aimed political decisions” to “make America great again.”
The White House is set to welcome another historic second spouse.
With Ohio Sen. JD Vance poised to become vice president, his wife, Usha Vance, will make history as the first Indian American and first Hindu second lady. She follows Doug Emhoff's groundbreaking role as the first second gentleman and first Jewish person in the position.
At 38, Usha will also be the youngest second lady since Jane Hadley Barkley, wife of Vice President Alben W. Barkley, who served under President Harry Truman in 1949, per ABC News.
The couple, who met at Yale Law School, have three children.
The Miami Herald reports:
Democrats clung to one last hope Wednesday that they could still retain some serious clout in Donald Trump’s Washington as control of the House of Representatives remained uncertain.It takes 218 seats to win a House majority, and as of 9 A.M. PST, Democrats had won 181 seats to Republicans’ 199, Associated Press reported. It appeared more Democratic-held seats than Republican were in danger of flipping to the other party.Republicans Tuesday won control of the White House and the Senate in decisive fashion. Democrats needed a net gain of four seats to control the House next year, and at least 27 races remained too close to call.
Read more from the Miami Herald: Democrats have one last shot at keeping power in Washington. Can they win the House?
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who might oversee public health issues in a second Trump administration, will reportedly meet with senior Trump aides on Wednesday to talk about his future.
NBC News reports:
Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who may play a key role overseeing public health issues in a second Trump administration, said Wednesday that he won't take away people's vaccines.
"I’m not going to take away anybody’s vaccines," Kennedy said in an interview with NBC News, when asked if there are specific vaccines that he would remove from the market.
Kennedy rejected the idea that he's "anti-vaccine," despite his repeated claims about vaccines being linked to autism — and his involvement with Children's Health Defense, a leading anti-vaccine group — and reiterated that he wouldn't take them away from Americans.
Read more from NBC News: After Trump win, RFK Jr. says he won't 'take away anybody's vaccines'
Democratic Rep. Elissa Slotkin has won the U.S. Senate election in Michigan, defeating her challenger, former Rep. Mike Rogers, according to the Associated Press.
Republicans have already clinched control of the Senate, flipping it from the Democrats, with four races left to be called.
Special counsel Jack Smith is in active discussions with senior Justice Department officials about ending his prosecutions of President-elect Donald Trump, a source told the Associated Press. This shift comes in response to a long-standing DOJ policy barring criminal prosecution of a sitting president.
Smith's team is exploring how to proceed with dismissing two federal cases against Trump: the Jan. 6 case concerning Trump's alleged efforts to overturn the 2020 election, and a separate case involving Trump's alleged unlawful possession of highly classified documents from his time in the White House.
Trump has pleaded not guilty to both charges.
Smith, appointed by Attorney General Merrick Garland in 2022, initially pursued both cases vigorously. However, Trump's win, coupled with a recent Supreme Court decision granting partial immunity to presidents, has left the DOJ with limited options.
As Trump prepares to assume office, the DOJ may be compelled to halt its cases due to both policy constraints and procedural challenges that could delay any trial indefinitely, according to NBC News.
While Americans had their chance to vote for their next president, and selected former President Donald Trump to serve a second term in the White House, the rest of the world did not have a say.
The Telegraph reports on what a second Trump presidency means for the world:
For while the new-old president has done more to question the fundamentals of U.S. foreign policy than any president in living memory, he has been surprisingly ambiguous about how he would replace it.Among America’s foes, Russian officials and commentators celebrate, Iran is believed to have been so worried that it plotted to kill him, and China remains tight-lipped.Allies are split between an almost ecstatic leadership and public in Israel, to a nervous Nato, and Ukraine losing no time to launch a charm offensive.So what does Donald Trump’s victory mean for civilians in Gaza, soldiers in east Ukraine, and all the rest of us who didn’t get a vote?
Read more from The Telegraph: What a Trump victory means for the world