The glitz and glamour of awards and gala season is almost here, and today, Deliveroo announces the return of its very own Restaurant Awards, whichcelebrate the best and most loved restaurants up and down the country.
This year, Deliveroo has enlisted the help of TV favourite and takeaway aficionado, Rylan, to launch the awards and judge the Beating Heart of the Community category. In new imagery released today, the much-loved British entertainer has recreated some of his favourite and most iconic celebrity award season moments, all with a fun foodie twist.
Spotlighting some of the cuisine categories in this year’s awards, one of the looks includes Rylan taking to the teal carpet wearing a recreation of Rihanna’s golden cape ensemble from the 2015 Met Gala, which was famously turned into a meme of a takeaway pizza and shared online by millions. Rylan’s spin on the cheesy look includes a wink to camera topped off with a mini pizza headpiece.
The presenter is also captured sporting his unique take on Lady Gaga’s controversial meat dress which she wore at the MTV Music Awards in 2010. The most intricate of Rylan’s three looks, the hand-sewn ensemble celebrates one of Deliveroo’s most-ordered items – the humble kebab – and took a meaty 20 hours to make. In true Rylan fashion, he dons the ensemble, kebab boots and all, with his signature sass and style, pairing the look with a fresh salad-filled pitta headdress for added glamour.
Rylan can also be seen recreating that infamous Jennifer Lawrence Oscars fall in 2013. Sporting a stylish white tux, Rylan mimics the mortifying head-in-hands moment as he experiences his own award faux-pas – dropping his trophy, and spilling a takeaway as he trips up the stairs. Other shots include Rylan graciously accepting his own award in similar fashion to A-listers such as Will Smith and Halle Berry.
Rylan comments: “As a takeaway connoisseur and one of Deliveroo’s most loyal customers, I’m so excited to be involved in the 2024 Restaurant Awards. It’s no secret I love a cheeky takeaway, so I can’t wait to join the judging panel and help choose the deserving winner of the Beating Heart of the Community category.”
Deliveroo’s Restaurant Awards celebrate and recognise the very best and most-loved restaurants across the country – from local independent burger joints to neighbourhood sushi restaurants and all the dishes and flavours in between. With 60 award categories in total including 50 regional cuisine-led awards and the coveted Independent Restaurant of the Year award, this year sees the introduction of several new categories – Beating Heart of the Community, Rider Love and Best Customer Innovator – each of which will be judged by a dedicated panel. Guest judges will include Rylan, Deliveroo’s CEO and founder, Will Shu, as well as renowned food critic and journalist, Jimi Famurewa.
Will Shu, CEO and Founder at Deliveroo adds: “This year’s awards are bigger and better than ever and we are delighted to have Rylan joining our judging panel. The Restaurant Awards are designed to give our customers the chance to champion and celebrate the wealth of great food right on their doorstep – so get voting to see your favourite spots snap up the titles!”
Voting for the awards is now open via the Deliveroo Restaurant Awards website, and participating customers are automatically entered into a prize draw to win £500 of app credit! Voting will close on Sunday, 21st January, at 23:39, with winners announced on Deliveroo’s social channels on Thursday, 15th February.
Schweppes, the iconic British mixer brand, is proud to announce its new partnership with the...
Almost 600 delegates heard category success stories and case studies of redefining store offers at...
Two keynote speakers have been announced ahead of the new-format Annual Conference of the Scottish...
Superdrug has announced that Superdrug Presents will be back bigger and better as it returns...
Siec is evolving to boost networking and expand opportunities for professionals in commercial real estate....
Leading footwear retailer, Deichmann, is redefining what it means to step out in style with...