It’s only been a whole week since Joker: Folie à Deux hit theaters, but the reactions and takes couldn’t be more divisive. Folks who saw it (or just read the synopsis online) have a lot of thoughts on various parts of the movie, mainly its ending. Director Todd Phillips and star Joaquin Phoenix have already talked about it (and how they came up with it), so now it’s time for the film’s secret key player to share their thoughts on the matter.
After being fully rejected by Lee (Lady Gaga) and placed back in Arkham Asylum, Arthur (Joaquin Phoenix) gets approached by a fellow inmate played by Connor Storrie, who’s been watching him in secret throughout the film. The inmate tells Arthur a joke, and then stabs him to death before carving that classic Glasgow smile onto his own face. Just like that, he’s taken the Joker mantle for himself.
Speaking to TMZ, Storrie said that he’s not really surprised the end’s got fans feeling some type of way. Like many, he was admittedly thrown by the news that this would be a musical, considering how “raw and grimy” the first Joker was. But as far as he’s concerned, the polarizing opinions were inevitable, and might be justified in some respects. “I’d rather things be polarizing than things be boring or squeaky clean,” he said. “You don’t make such a big swing like that without knowing it gives people the opportunity to not get behind your choices.”
While Storrie commends Phillips for “having the balls to make such a bold swing,” he said he never considered Folie à Deux as a secret origin story. (It seems he didn’t even know what else would happen in the movie beyond him killing Arthur.) He knows how big a deal Joker is, obviously, but he stressed to not “considering what that [ending] could mean or where it could go. It felt very clear that this is Joaquin’s movie, [and] this is my place in that. […] It is a part of Arthur’s story more than it is becoming anything else after that.”
Joker: Folie à Deux is now playing in theaters.
[via Variety]
Want more io9 news? Check out when to expect the latest Marvel, Star Wars, and Star Trek releases, what’s next for the DC Universe on film and TV, and everything you need to know about the future of Doctor Who.

DC ComicsDC UniverseJokerJoker: Folie a DeuxWarner Bros. 

          Get the best tech, science, and culture news in your inbox daily.
        

          News from the future, delivered to your present.
        

      Please select your desired newsletters and submit your email to upgrade your inbox.
    

          Zach Cregger's follow up to Barbarian is living up to some very creepy expectations.
        

          Leave the chickens at home when you see Minecraft, but do make sure you're singing the songs in the right key.
        

          Fear not, international fans: the James Gunn-helmed movie will indeed open July 11.
        

          DreamWorks Animation, Sony Pictures Animation, Walt Disney Animation, LAIKA, WB Animation, and more have contributed to the fundraising efforts.
        

          After he makes Black Panther 3 for Marvel, the acclaimed director will return to Warner Bros. for future collaborations.
        

          To celebrate Superman Day and James Gunn's upcoming movie, DC's going all out with the 'Summer of Superman.'
        
We may earn a commission when you buy through links on our sites.
©2025 GIZMODO USA LLC. All rights reserved.
Mode

                Follow us
              
Mode

                Follow us