When Katy Perry burst onto the scene in 2008 with her number-one hit “I Kissed a Girl,” the then 23-year-old’s unabashed pop sound was an inextricable accompaniment to her campy, bombshell look. An abundance of kitsch was always part of her persona – her performance looks only underscoring that. (This is the woman whose bra squirted whipped cream in the music video for “California Gurls”.) But Perry has lately undergone a significant aesthetic shift. She printed the lyrics to her song “Woman’s World” on the train of a Balenciaga dress, attended the brand’s couture show topless under a black coat, and showed up to the premiere of Diane von Furstenberg’s documentary in an Artemisi corset top, a spiky bolero, and a pierced maxi skirt.
Katy Perry in 2008.
Katy Perry in 2008.
Gone are the safe, glamorous fits of Perry’s tenure on American Idol. Styled by Tatiana Waterford, the musician has begun to test out more extreme looks from brands like Rick Owens, Sportmax and Didu, putting pedal to the metal in a racy Noir Kei Ninomiya dress for Vogue World: Paris and releasing her “Woman’s World” cover art with a sheer Du Ciel bikini.
Katy Perry wearing Balenciaga at Haute Couture week.
Katy Perry wearing Balenciaga at Haute Couture week.
She isn’t the only singer who has shaken up their style recently. In anticipation of her album, C,XOXO, Camila Cabello adopted a wardrobe similar to those of hyperpop stars like Charli xcx. Perry, it seems, is doing the same. (Online, Perry has received flack for this new look, with critics proclaiming it derivative.) But while Cabello’s “I LUV IT” paid homage to the genre, it’s unclear if Perry’s new music will do the same. While we can’t say for certain, we can at least appreciate that she and Waterford are highlighting more under-the-radar designers like La Maskarade, Du Ciel, and XI SCORPII.
Physical reinvention is a tool artists have employed for decades. The Beatles ditched their matching haircuts and British Invasion suits for Seargant Pepper; Lady Gaga shed her outré dressing in favour of a country girl look for Joanne; and Harry Styles abandoned his boy band image for a sparkly, gender-bending style when he went solo. But the fashion almost always foretells a new era of music, and – with only an allegedly leaked demo of “Woman’s World” to judge – it’s unclear if Katy Perry’s sartorial changes will come with a sonic shift, too.
Katy Perry at the Balenciaga autumn/winter 2024 couture show.
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast