The Storrs music scene is largely dominated by bands or solo artists with backing bands, making it rare to see solo performances at house shows or shows on campus. But that doesn’t mean that these artists don’t exist. 
Among those who have made a name in the scene as a solo performer is Akshi Viswanathan, better known by her stage name Tara Sunne. Sunne has become known in Storrs for her wide-reaching vocal range and her talents as a pop-influenced singer-songwriter.  
Sunne’s biggest musical influences include Sabrina Carpenter, Niall Horan and Chappell Roan. She said that she looks to her favorite artists and their work ethic for motivation.  
“As a songwriter, other musicians inspire me more, like seeing how dedicated they are to their craft, how much they work towards their goals and are always having motivation,” she said. 
Sunne’s musical journey goes back to when she joined her school choir in the third grade. In middle school, she started learning how to play piano and guitar as well as begin to write her own songs. She explained that in the early days of her songwriting, she would start with the lyrics. Now, she usually starts with the music or a melody, explaining that she’s tried to be more focused with her writing process.  
“When I first started in middle school, I would just write what I was feeling in the form of poems and put it to music,” she said. “But it wouldn’t feel very cohesive, just like a series of thoughts that I had. As I got older, I learned how to turn my thoughts into music and how to translate my thoughts for people through song.” 
Sunne released her first EP, “Pre-Life Crisis,” in April 2021. The three-song release came from a music-focused capstone project for a high school class. This was a big step for Sunne, as it was her first time recording in a professional setting and proved to be very influential in her musical career.  
“That taught me so much about how to produce and what it truly feels like to be an artist and professionally make your own music,” she said. “It was super cool for me and definitely kickstarted what I’m doing now.”  
It was during this project that she picked her stage name. The word “Tara” translates to “star” in Sanskrit, while “Sunne” embodies “that connection between music and celestial bodies.” The goal was to find something distinct from her real name, something that she admires with other artists.  
“I was always drawn towards stage names that are very different from your actual name, like Vance Joy or Lady Gaga,” she said. “I just wanted to find something that resonated with me.” 
Since her debut release, Sunne has released four singles and another EP. Her second EP, 2022’s “Ready…Set…” is one that particularly resonates with her because of the positive response she got from her friends and family, even though she admitted that at the time, she wasn’t super proud of the release. 
In addition to her accomplishments in the studio, Sunne has made a name for herself on the stages of Storrs over the past year. Her first performance in Storrs, and first performance as a solo artist, came in April when she performed as an opening act at the annual UConnic music festival at Gampel Pavilion, a large venue for a debut show. For this show, she was accompanied by a backing band and singers, the first time she got to front an ensemble of that size.  
“It was my first time singing with a band, backup singers and a drummer, and that was super surreal,” she said. “And I got a lot more public recognition after that performance, which was great.” 
Since then, Sunne has performed solo shows both on and off campus. For these shows, she has accompanied herself on piano, allowing her vocals to be the centerpiece of her performances. As she continues to build a following, she said that “It’s cool to know that I have some fans here on campus that are always wanting to have me play and support me.” 
I just wanted to find something that resonated with me.
Among the shows she has played was her recent appearance at Sunset Fest on Friday, Oct. 11 at the Student Union Terrace. She spoke highly of that night, saying that “it was great to meet the other performers and to get to sing for all my friends on campus.” 
Outside of her solo work, she is also a member of the a cappella group Drop the Bass, an ensemble she has greatly enjoyed being a member of. She mentioned the rewarding process of getting to unlock other interests and talents through that experience.  
“I have so many close friends of mine from choir and classes who are in the group,” she said. “It’s like we’re sisters and it’s so fun to sing music together. And I’ve written some a cappella arrangements for Drop the Bass and other groups at UConn, which has been cool to find this other musical passion I’m good at.” 
After she graduates, Sunne said she plans to go to graduate school to be a music teacher at the high school and college level, but is also planning to keep writing music and playing shows as much as she can. Until then, Sunne continues to be a rising star in the Storrs scene.  
© Copyright - The Daily Campus
THE DAILY CAMPUS1266 STORRS ROADSTORRS, CT 06269, USA
The Daily Campus is UConn's independent, student-run newspaper. We strive to provide the UConn community with fair, accurate, relevant and editorially independent content, to take on student interests as our own interests, and to provide the best possible environment for students to learn, experience and develop skills related to news media.
ADVERTISE WITH US
View our content policy
Weekly Newsletter sign-up
Subscribe now to keep reading and get access to the full archive.
Continue reading