ByMichael Goldstein
ByMichael Goldstein,
 Contributor. 
The Grateful Dead logo, Steal Your Face Skull, is displayed on the Sphere, promoting the Dead & ... More Company's upcoming Dead Forever residency on March 19, 2024 in Las Vegas, Nevada. The music and entertainment venue has the largest LED screen in the world.  (Photo by Kevin Carter/Getty Images)
Another massive residency is in full swing at The Sphere in Las Vegas. Dead & Company, a spinoff of the seminal San Francisco rock band the Grateful Dead, are playing 30 Dead Forever shows at the 18,600 seat Sphere, concluding on August 10, 2024. They will be followed by the Eagles, doing 16 shows at Sphere beginning September 20.
It had been widely reported that “Dead & Company will end after their final tour” in summer 2023. However, MSG, the operators of the Sphere, no doubt extended an offer the band couldn’t refuse for “a residency,” rather than technically breaking their word by calling it a tour. So 500,000 Dead fans are making the pilgrimage to Las Vegas.
I went to the June 6 show. We sat in the 300 level seats, with tickets I bought during the pre-sale for about $250 per ticket.
This was my second show at The Sphere. We saw U2 there in October, as part of their 40-show residency. (Bono seemed much more up for verbal interaction with the audience than Dead & Company.)
The Sphere is proving to be a major attraction for Las Vegas, and an attractive alternative for bands with significant followings. The Sphere is electric inside and out. It offers advanced audio video projection over the enormous acreage of the interior, constant awareness on the outside.
The Sphere is an exceptional place to see, here and experience a concert. And the venue’s audio and visual potential, with its giant curved LCD walls and thousands of speakers, deliver a creative challenge to the filmmakers working with the bands to up their game.
John Mayer of Dead & Company is shown during the group's opening night at the Sphere on May 16, ... More 2024, in Las Vegas. (John Katsilometes/Las Vegas Review-Journal/Tribune News Service via Getty Images)
The Dead certainly delivered on this. The video and light show showed why The Dead are a big part of American cultural history.
The long Dead jams and duets, now mostly sung by John Mayer and Bob Weir, were illustrated with hours of animation, video and photographs. (The four hour show had a set list of 19 songs.)
There were stars, galaxies, and a vortex, filling the whole dome up over the stage. Flowers entwined with Bob Weir and John Mayer, a psychedelic sunrise, and multicolored teddy bears trucked in a circular march. There was a collection of Grateful Dead posters and tickets covering the round wall of the Sphere, from the iconic skull and roses to posters from the Fillmore with Jerry Garcia.
Animation brought a stylized exterior of the Winterland Ballroom, spectral cities and a Hawaiian rainstorm that ended in a rainbow. An outdoor show in the desert appeared with the Sphere performance projected on it as the band played “I Know You Rider.”
The Sphere seems to have improved its crowd-handling capabilities over the last year. When we saw U2 in October, there was a half-hour wait to get across the bridge to the Venetian, where many concertgoers either stay or park. This time, there were no problems getting in or out of the arena on foot.
If you go to one of the last Dead & Company shows, figure out your parking beforehand; the Sphere has only about 550 parking spaces. There are nearby parking lots at the Venetian and elsewhere, as well as rideshare.
The Las Vegas Strip. Some of the properties seen here are The Venetian Las Vegas, Palazzo Las Vegas, ... More Wynn Las Vegas, MSG Sphere and Encore Las Vegas. The Sphere has  limited parking, so concert-goers need to park at surrounding lots.
Despite the 100-degree heat, we ended up walking from Resorts World to the Sphere, having heard horror stories of Uber drivers being unwilling to take passengers there or getting stuck in traffic. The walk (bring water!) took about half an hour each way.
Even sitting in the 300 section, (we aid about $250 per ticket) gave us a fantastic view of the band and the trippy graphics, projected all around. The audio, including the famous Sphere ‘shaking seats’, was also awesome.
Dead & Company were The Dead, playing in the band with high note duets and endless drum solos and guitar solos.
I haven’t seen Dead in more than ten years, but I’m old enough to have gone to shows when the late Jerry Garcia and other original figures were with the band. Bob Weir, once “the cute one” to female fans, will be 77 this year; percussionist Mickey Hart will be 81. Has John Mayer become the face of the Dead?
While Mayer and other current players did a good job on the famous harmonies and classic songs, I was reminded why I’m both a fan and ambivalent, especially about the seemingly endless jams.
The Dead are something of a ‘guy band;’ the lines for the men’s rooms were three times as long as for the ladies. During the show, a few women were twirling, while many guys were awkwardly shaking.
Grateful Dead themed ornaments for sale are seen at Shakedown Street at the Tuscany Suites on May ... More 30, 2024, in Las Vegas. Shakedown Street is a vending and tailgating space before Dead & Company concerts. Named after a Grateful Dead song, it began in the early 1980s. (Madeline Carter/Las Vegas Review-Journal/Tribune News Service via Getty Images)
Pete Townsend of the Who says he is interested in a Sphere residency, perhaps for the Who’s “last shows.” He told NME, “I must admit, I’m interested in the Sphere—just as a crazy, narcissistic art school thing. It’s interesting as a venue because it challenges you to beat the fabric of the theater.”
Townsend, like the upcoming Eagles, Dead & Company, Phish (which played a sold-out four-show residency) and U2, are no doubt interested in the economics of a Sphere residency as well.
For example, the first 17 U2:UV Achtung Baby Live at Sphere shows grossed $109.8 million and sold 281,000 tickets. Around 16,500 tickets (of 18,600) were sold on average per show, according to Billboard Boxscore. The average ticket price was $390.
If Dead & Company can draw at a similar rate, 500,000 tickets sold at an average price of $300 would result in gross revenues of $150 million. Still, this perhaps-final residency shows that the three-generation era of The Dead may be drawing to a close.
So whose next for the Sphere? So far, their booking strategy seems crystal clear: bring in aging bands with an aging, well-heeled audience. After U2 and Dead & Company, The Eagles are coming , to sing “Take It Easy” a few more times.
U2 is shown during the premiere of &quot;U2 UV: Achtung Baby&quot; at the Sphere on Friday, Sept. ... More 29, 2023. (John Katsilometes/Las Vegas Review-Journal) @JohnnyKats
While Sphere Entertainment Co. (NYSE:SPHR) needs the big shows, Darren Aronofsky’s film Postcards from Earth, corporate events and advertising add revenue.
So what will the Sphere do for its next trick? Most likely, Sphere management is looking at the top ten tours of 2023, which Taylor Swift topped with an incredible $1 billion. Once her “Eras” tour is done, Swift could live in Las Vegas for six months or fly in weekends on her private jet, letting the fans come to her.
Number 2 on the top ten tour list was another female powerhouse, Beyoncé, whose Renaissance tour did $579 million. Number 3 Bruce Springsteen and E Stret Band did $379 million. Number 4 Coldplay: Music Of The Spheres Tour $325 million, and the Harry Styles: Love On Tour did $290 million.
Beyond these names, the company is reportedly eyeing future acts such as Lady Gaga, Bon Jovi, and Paul McCartney.
All have millions of fans, and all represent an opportunity to bring billions of dollars to Las Vegas. And while Taylor Swift doesn’t need publicity stunts, a Vegas residency could spark rumors of a secret wedding, which would send the hype—and ticket sales—through the roof.
Taylor Swift is joined on stage by Travis Kelce (R), during "Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour" at ... More Wembley Stadium on June 23, 2024 in London, England. (Photo by Gareth Cattermole/TAS24/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management)