Lady Gaga has opened up about her battle with a devastating health condition that led to the postponement of her European tour in 2018.
Fans of the heart-breaking Netflix documentary Gaga: Five Foot Two will know the last 10 years haven't been smooth sailing for the Born This Way singer. Back in 2013, the songstress was diagnosed with fibromyalgia - an incurable condition that kicked off after she fractured a hip during a performance.
While symptom severity typically fluctuates over time, the popstar previously told Oprah that fibromyalgia left her 'head to toe in pain'. At her worst, the overwhelming agony gave her no option but to postpone shows in 2018 and even led her to doubt if she could ever have children.
But there's a glimmer of hope as Gaga, whose real name is Stefani Germanotta, gears up for the release of Joker: Folie a Deux. In a conversation with Vogue, she reflected on the success of her latest Chromatica Ball tour, which featured her chart-topping single Rain on Me.
"When I went on the Chromatica Ball tour in 2022 ... that was the first time I’ve performed not in pain in," she told the publication, before continuing: "I did it pain-free!"
The 38-year-old's good news comes after she underwent various intense therapies to cope with her fibromyalgia. The 2017 documentary even shows her receiving treatment injections in a hospital while having her make-up applied for an interview.
She's also previously spoken of smoking cannabis to help relieve some of the pain. But in last week's interview, she stressed that she hadn't touched this in years, she added: "I’ve, like, changed."
The University of Aberdeen estimates that fibromyalgia affects around 2.5 million people in the UK. While Gaga's case shows that it may be induced by physical injury, this isn't always the case.
The London-based Mayo Clinic even suggests it can be brought about after a period of significant psychological stress or may be linked to no real event at all. Anxiety, depression, migraines and irritable bowel syndrome are among a number of other symptoms associated with the condition too.
Although there is no cure, talking therapies, antidepressants and lifestyle-changing programmes are among the treatments recommended to cope with its symptoms. For more information, read more at the NHS website.
What do you think? Let us know in the comment section below
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.