Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
The 2024 Golden Globe nominations have been announced, and it's all about the musicals! Selena Gomez's operatic crime musical Emilia Perez is leading the pack with an impressive 10 nominations, while Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo, stars of Wicked, have also received significant recognition.
The announcement was made live by actors Mindy Kaling and Morris Chestnut, marking the Golden Globes as the first major awards event of the season, often setting the trend for what's to come. Emilia Perez, the story of a Mexican drug lord who transitions to start a new life, is at the forefront. Former Disney star Selena has been nominated for best supporting female actor in a motion picture, going up against Ariana, who received her first-ever nod for her role as Glinda in Wicked. Zoe Saldana, Selena's co-star in Emilia Perez, is also vying for a Golden Globe in the same category. 
While Cynthia Erivo is up for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy for her portrayal of Glinda in Wicked. She joins a star-studded list of nominees, including Zendaya for Challengers, Demi Moore for The Substance, Karla Sofia Gascon for Emilia Perez, and breakout star Mikey Madison for her role in Anora, reports the Mirror.
Meanwhile, Wicked is in the running for best picture musical or comedy, going head-to-head with Emilia Perez, Challengers, Anora, The Substance, and A Real Pain. The film also bagged a nomination in the prestigious cinematic and box office achievement category, alongside big-hitters like Gladiator II and Deadpool and Wolverine. The Golden Globes introduced the Cinematic and Box Office Achievement and Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy on Television categories last year, and they're back for their second run in 2025. 
This year's drama categories are equally competitive. Adrien Brody's The Brutalist, a tale of a Hungarian architect's post-WWII struggles, has garnered seven nominations, including best motion picture drama. Conclave, featuring Ralph Fiennes, scooped up six nods, with Fiennes also vying for best actor in a drama.
Fiennes will be up against stiff competition from Timothée Chalamet, who bagged dual nominations for his performances in Dune: Part Two and the Bob Dylan biopic A Complete Unknown. Other contenders include Daniel Craig for Queer, Colman Domingo for Sing Sing, and Sebastian Stan for his portrayal of Donald Trump in The Apprentice.
In the best actress category, Angelina Jolie has been nominated for her role as opera legend Maria Callas, while Nicole Kidman has been recognised for her part in the erotic thriller Babygirl. Demi Moore has also received a nod for her performance in the horror film The Substance, and Kate Winslet has been acknowledged for her role in Lee, a biographical film about war photographer Elizabeth Miller. Kate has also bagged another nomination for her work in the limited series, The Regime, where she plays a ruthless dictator in a fictional European country. 
However, there have been some notable snubs; British director Sir Steve McQueen's film Blitz, featuring Irish actress Saoirse Ronan, is notably absent from the Golden Globe nominations. The Second World War drama, where Saoirse plays a woman who sends her young son to the countryside from a war-torn London, didn't receive any nominations. The film had its premiere at the BFI London Film Festival in October.
Historical epic Gladiator II bagged two nominations, but the Sir Ridley Scott sequel was expected to have more success. Denzel Washington got a nod for best supporting actor in a motion picture, while the film was also nominated for cinematic and box office achievement. However, Irish star Paul Mescal didn't get a nomination for best actor and Sir Ridley was left out in the top director category. The original film won the best picture Golden Globe in 2001 and star Russell Crowe was nominated in the best acting category for his performance.
Only Murders In The Building stars Selena Gomez, Martin Short and Steve Martin were all nominated for their leading performances in the series. However, Hollywood star Meryl Streep was snubbed, despite being recognised during the nominations last year for her role as Loretta Durkin, the on-screen love interest of Short's character Oliver Putnam. The show is also up for best TV series musical or comedy.
Despite Dune: Part Two receiving a nod for best picture, director Denis Villeneuve was overlooked for his work on the film. The star-studded cast includes Zendaya, Timothee Chalamet, Austin Butler and Florence Pugh, with Hans Zimmer earning a nomination for best original score.
Meanwhile, Ariana Grande and British actress Cynthia Erivo scored their first Golden Globe nominations for their roles in Wicked, the film adaptation of the popular Broadway and West End musical. The film, which delves into the friendship between Glinda and Elphaba before they become estranged, was also shortlisted for best picture musical or comedy and featured in the cinematic and box office achievement category. However, US director Jon M Chu was not included in the shortlist. 
Meanwhile in the surprises, it was not unexpected that Kate Winslet was up for best actress for her role as model-turned-war correspondent Elizabeth Miller in Lee, but recognition for The Regime was more of a surprise.
US actor Harrison Ford was last nominated for a Golden Globe almost 30 years ago, for his role in Sabrina, so it came as a surprise that he was recognised for his supporting role in TV series Shrinking. While a nod for Billy Bob Thornton in Landman, about billionaires fuelling an oil boom, was unexpected.
This year's ceremony will be hosted by comedian Nikki Glaser, making history as the first solo female host. The 82nd Golden Globes will take place on January 5 at the Beverly Hilton in Los Angeles.