By CONNIE RUSK FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:54, 30 April 2024   |  Updated:  12:18, 30 April 2024   
 52
View  comments
Selena Gomez has revealed the reason why she quit Instagram for four years. 
The singer, 31, said it was the 'best gift' handing over the reigns of her social media profile to her team. 
Selena, who is the most followed woman with a staggering 428million on Instagram, spoke about the reason behind why she stepped back from the photo sharing platform at the 2024 TIME 100 Summit.
'I took four years off of Instagram and I let my team post for me. I felt like it was the most rewarding gift I gave myself. I was more present. I was happier,' Selena said.
The Ring hitmaker said instead of spending hours scrolling on Instagram she would call her friends. 
Selena Gomez has revealed the reason why she quit Instagram for four years. The singer, 31, said it was the 'best gift' handing over the reigns of her social media profile to her team
'It's more human. I think it's important to take breaks. You get the chance to actually engage with the world a little bit better, you get the chance to spend your energy in other places,' she said.
Selena is the most followed woman on Instagram in the world, followed by Kylie Jenner with 400million, Ariana Grande with 379million. 
Elsewhere in the interview, Selena said she feels 'sad' over the beauty standards of her generation.
The actress believes there are 'very unrealistic' ideals within the world of beauty as she called out the use of airbrushing and filter techniques.
She said: 'Personally, I felt that there's a very unrealistic standard when it comes to the cosmetic world and it makes me a little sad for my generation. 
'And for anyone to look at something that's probably touched up and made to look nice is... I just wanted to break that down.'
The Only Murders in the Building star is the founder of Rare Beauty but admitted that she has no clue how to do makeup.
Selena, who has a staggering 428million followers on Instagram, spoke about the reason behind why she stepped back from the photo sharing platform at the 2024 TIME 100 Summit 
Elsewhere in the interview, Selena said she feels 'sad' over the beauty standards of her generation 
She said: 'I don't know how to do makeup and I have a makeup line. I wanted it to feel good when they're using my products. 
'And all of our products are named based on uplifting things, from our Find Comfort line to anything that comes to mind, body and soul, we try to be very conscious of even naming the products to be reminders of joy or just finding yourself.'
Selena - who shot to fame in her teens on Disney Channel - admitted that her only goal was to make makeup that was 'fun' for her fans.
She had 'spent years' aspiring to look a certain type of way in what she said was all just a 'waste of time' in the end.
'So I genuinely just wanted to make makeup that was fun for people. I don't believe in having to look a certain way. I spent years trying to do that and it's draining. Waste of time.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group