By
			
			Evolve Editors		

Selena Gomez recently got engaged to her now-fiancé, Benny Blanco, and it looks like the actor can’t get enough of her new engagement ring. On December 19, she took to Instagram to share two posts, flaunting her gorgeous diamond engagement ring. One of the Instagram Stories comprised a video, where Gomez disclosed why she can’t help but show off the ring.
The first photo recently posted by Selena Gomez on Instagram Stories showed her taking a mirror selfie. She admirably flaunted the gorgeous diamond ring she received from her Benny Blanco on their engagement. 
The photo showed the singer donning a burgundy leather jacket and a cozy black high-neck number underneath it. She was also wearing a pair of dazzling diamond earrings to go with the look. Fans can see her sporting a shimmery manicure, which is just perfect for the festive season. In the selfie, Gomez appeared to be beaming with joy as she kept the ring in focus.
Gomez even posted a video where she captured a shot of her hand, once again showing off her stunning engagement ring. In the caption, she admitted why she keeps flaunting the jewelry: “Sorry last post… I’ve just dreamed of this moment my whole life.” The video clip evidently reflected the love and happiness she has been feeling as Blanco’s fiancée.
On December 11, Selena Gomez announced the news of her engagement with Benny Blanco on Instagram by posting a carousel of photos. She captioned the post with, “forever begins now..” The stills in the carousel gave fans a close view of her massive diamond engagement ring. Another photo showed Blanco embracing her from behind in a heartfelt moment. In the comment section, one of Gomez’s long-time bestie and singer Taylor Swift called dibs on her role in the wedding, cheekily writing, “yes I will be the flower girl.” Meanwhile, Blanco lovingly wrote, “hey wait… that’s my wife.”
Originally reported by Nikita Nath on Mandatory.
Evolve Media is a publisher of leading enthusiast destinations.
Share article