I mean, did you see the ring he got Selena?  
K, so you already know Selena Gomez is rich-rich — like billionaire-rich — but what about her new fiancé, music producer Benny Blanco? In case you missed it, Sel took to Instagram to announce their engagement on 11th December, along with a photo of the engagement ring, which is worth an estimated $225,000 (*whistles*).
Obviously he does pretty well for himself to afford a nearly-quarter-of-a-million-dollar ring... but if you're curious just how much Benny (real name Benjamin Levin) is worth, we did the digging for you. (You're welcome.) Ahead, everything we know about Benny Blanco's net worth, as well as how exactly he made his moola. 
You may not realise this, but during his career as a music producer (and songwriter!), Benny helped create some of the biggest bangers of the 2010s. His credits include Rihanna's 'Diamonds,' Wiz Khalifa and Maroon 5's 'Payphone,' Kesha's 'Blow,' Taio Cruz's 'Dynamite,' Britney Spears' 'Circus,' Katy Perry's 'I Kissed a Girl,' Justin Bieber's 'Lonely,' and Selena Gomez's 'Same Old Love,' just to name a select few. Casual!
The 36-year-old has also released music under his name with artists like BTS, Halsey, Khalid, Juice WRLD, and J Balvin — again, just to name a few. 
In 2018, he released his debut single as a lead artist, 'Eastside,' which peaked in the top ten of the Billboard Hot 100 (!!), and he later released the singles 'I Found You,' 'Better to Lie,' and 'Roses,' which were all included on his debut album, Friends Keep Secrets.
Let's take a moment to appreciate his 2018 breakout hit, shall we? 
In 2014, the producer founded two imprint labels under Interscope: Mad Love Records and Friends Keep Secrets. Some artists on the respective rosters include Ryan Beatty, Cashmere Cat, and Rixton, among others. 
Benny reportedly owns at least four properties, located in Malibu, West Hollywood, and the Hollywood Hills. One of those houses includes the former home of Tinder co-founder, Sean Rad, which Benny scooped up for nearly $9.2 million in 2020.
He also put his Chelsea condo (which he bought back in 2011) on the market for nearly $4 million back in June. 
According to Celebrity Net Worth, Benny Blanco's net worth in 2024 is $50 million, which is pretty major — even though it's a mere fraction of Selena's $1.3 billion net worth (sorry to bring it up again, but it's just 😲). 
The 8 most shocking couple swaps on MAFSAU
Beyoncé Cowboy Carter Tour set list
JoJo on cryptic 48 hour comment 
The ending of Netflix's Havoc explained
The Assembly should be next on your watch list
Netflix's The Four Seasons release date
Who are The Seraphites in The Last of Us? 
What Kath said about JoJo split after CBBUK
Emma lands major role in Greta's Narnia remake
Did you spot subtle Chadwick tribute in Sinners?
Every character Joe Goldberg has killed in 'You'
Penn 'fought to be as naked as possible' in You
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.