By 

	Michael Schneider

Variety Editor at Large

SPOILER ALERT: Do not read ahead if you have not watched Season 11, Episode 12 of “The Masked Singer,” “Semi-Finals: Then There Were Three,” which aired May 15 on Fox.

	“The Masked Singer” revealed the latest celebrity to be revealed on Wednesday night’s quarter finals, and it was Thelma Houston as Clock.

	Houston, of course, is best known for her classic hit “Don’t Leave Me This Way.” For Clock, Rita Ora got it right with Thelma Houston. Robin Thicke went with Stephanie Mills. Ken Jeong said it was Janet Jackson. Jenny McCarthy-Wahlberg thought it was Roberta Flack.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					APOS 2025 Draws Top Media Execs to Bali for 15th Edition		
			








	Clock wound up in third place for the season, after the three semi-finalists performed one more time in a battle royale, all performing their versions of “A Moment Like This,” by Kelly Clarkson. With Clock out, Gumball and Goldfish move on to next week’s finals.




			Popular on Variety		






	The semi-finals episode opened this week with all three celebrity contestants opening with “Higher Love,” by Steve Winwood.

	Thelma Houston as Clock joins Chrissy Metz (Poodle Moth) Corey Feldman (Seal) and Clay Aiken/Ruben Studdard (Beets), Jenifer Lewis (Miss Cleocatra), Kate Flannery (Starfish), Charlie Wilson (Ugly Sweater), DeMarcus Ware (Koala), Colton Underwood (Love Bird), Sisqó (Lizard), Billy Bush (Sir Lion), Joe Bastianich (Spaghetti & Meatballs), Savannah Chrisley (Afghan Hound) and Kevin Hart (Book) as the celebrities unmasked on “The Masked Singer” this season.

	Back for Season 11 are host Nick Cannon, alongside panelists Jenny McCarthy Wahlberg, Ken Jeong and Robin Thicke, while Rita Ora has joined the desk to fill in for Nicole Scherzinger, who was in London to star on the West End’s “Sunset Boulevard.”

	“The Masked Singer” Season 11 features themed episodes including “The Wizard of Oz,” in celebration of the 85th anniversary of the classic film; “Transformers” (marking the brand’s 40th anniversary) and music tributes including “Billy Joel Night” and “Queen Night.” Additional themes include “Girl Groups,” “Soundtrack of My Life,” “TV Theme Night” and “Shower Anthems.”

	With sixteen total celebrity singers, including three “wildcards,” Season 11 features new costumes including “Gumball,” “Lizard,” “Ugly Sweater,” “Goldfish,” “Starfish,” “Book,” “Gumball,” “Miss Cleocatra,” “Afghan Hound,” “Beets,” “Poodle Moth,” “Clock,” “Spaghetti & Meatballs,” “Lizard,” “Koala,” “Seal” and “Sir Lion.” According to the show, the Season 11 contestants boast a combined 22 Grammy nominations, 11 platinum albums, 33 Teen Choice nominations, 108 million records sold, 326 film appearances and 1.7 billion Spotify streams.

	










	Next week, Group B winner Gumball will face off against Group A winner Goldfish for the finale.

	Here were the performances on Wednesday’s Episode 12, “Semi-Finals: Then There Were Three”:

Song: “You Oughta Know,” by Alanis Morissette

Panel guesses: Vanessa Hudgens, Ashkey Tisdale, Selena Gomez, Hilary Duff

Super clue: “It’s a real blast from the past, because me and the mouse, we go way back.”

Package voiceover: “Being in the semi-finals is sort of surreal. Now I’ve gotta say, fame was never my goal. I honestly thought I was going to be a pediatrician. But I loved to perform. I just didn’t realize that in order to do what I love, I would have to live in a fish bowl. And it made me retreat. And be a lot more private. Becoming the Goldfish has unleashed a really fun, silly side of myself. That honestly, only a few people in my life get to see. And it’s been so mich fun leeting loose. Coming from a girl who once wore a prom dress to an awards show, this is everything.. The gowns, the gills, the glam. Tonight I’m singing ‘You Oughta Know,’ by Alanis Morisette. And I’m here to remind you that I would love a spot in the finale. It would mean everything to put that gold mssk trophy next to my others. And oh, I would really like to take the microphone too.

Previous songs: “Vampire,” by Olivia Rodrigo, “Baby Come Back,” by Player; “The Show Must Go On,” by Queen; “Unforgettable,” by Nat King Cole

Previous panel guesses: Lea Michele, Selena Gomez, Carly Rae Jepsen, Sarah Hyland, Kristen Stewart, Nina Dobrev, Hilary Duff, Vanessa Hudgens, Nicole Scherzinger, Hilary Duff, Julianne Hough

Song: “I Lived,” by OneRepublic

Panel guesses: James Van Der Beek, Jason Sudeikis, Taylor Kitsch

Super clue: Cheerleader shouting “Gumball.” “Hearing those cheers reminds me of a role that changed this Gumball’s life forever.”

Bonus Prime delivery clue: Kids doctor kit.

Package voiceover: “If you had told me that being a big ol’ gumball machine would be my favorite role yet, I would not have believed you. But become Gumball has allowed me to tap into my roots and do something I have loved from the start: Singing. Music was my first love. But when I moved to Hollywood, I had to give that part of myself up to be taken seriously. Hollywood is a bit like a gumball machine. People put a quarter in you and take a piece of you that they want. And I’m grateful for my life. But the Masked Singer has been taking my quarter back and doing what I love for a change. I want my kids to see their dad never said no to an adventure. And that’s my wish for them as well. That they live life to the fullest. Even if that means putting on a Gumball costume and rocking out. Tonight’s performance is for my kids, and if it takes me to the finale, that would be extra sweet.”

	










Previous songs: “If I Only Had a Heart,” by Jack Haley; “Wide Open Spaces,” by the Chicks; “Carry On Wayward Son,” by Kansas; “I’m Yours,” by Jason Mraz

Previous panel guesses: Chace Crawford, Kevin Jonas, Jamie Dornan, Aaron Taylor Johnson, Derek Hough, Taran Killam, Jack Black, Zachary Levi, James Marsden, James van der Beek

Song: “Dancing in the Streets,” by Martha and the Vandellas

Panel guesses: Stephanie Mills, Roberta Flack, Thelma Houston

Super clue: Gold bars. “This isn’t the first stage show I’ve done. And every performance I’ve done has been solid gold.”

Bonus Prime delivery clue: Roller skates

Package voiceover: “Standing here in the semi-finals has been a total statement for me! Because, well, I’m not as young as I used to be. But become the Clock has been so fun, it’s reminded me after all these years, mama’s still got it! But it’s also been a challenge. When I was younger, I had stage fright so badly my knees would knock under my bath robe. I had to learn how to connect with the audience through eye contact and a smile. And now, this mask takes that all away! So I’ve had to connect in other ways. This dress was not made for movin’, but that doesn’t stop me! See, I wanted to do Masked Singer to introduce myself to a whole new generation. And to make it this far, is a real treat. So now, I’m going to be singing, dancing, and twerking my way into the finale.”

Previous songs: “Piano Man,” by Billy Joel; “Good Times,” by Blinky and Jim Gilstrap; “Respect,” by Aretha Franklin; “Get on Your Feet,” by Gloria Estefan

Previous panel guesses: Anita Baker, Evelyn Champagne King, Diana Ross, Stephanie Mills, Debbie Allen, Janet Jackson, Tina Knowles, Denice Williams, Sister Sledge, Shirley Bassey

	Last season’s performers included Ne-Yo as Cow, John Schneider as Donut, Macy Gray as Sea Queen and Janel Parrish as Gazelle join John Oates as Anteater, Keyshia Cole as Candelabra, Sebastian Bach as Tiki, Ginuwine as Husky, Ashley Parker Angel as S’more, Metta World Peace as Cuddle Monster, Luann de Lesseps as Hibiscus, Tyler Posey as Hawk, Billie Jean King as Royal Hen, Michael Rapaport as Pickle, Tom Sandoval as Diver, Anthony Anderson as Rubber Ducky and one-time special guest Demi Lovato as Anonymouse.

	










	Fox Alternative Entertainment is behind “The Masked Singer,” which is exec produced by showrunner James Breen, Craig Plestis, and Nick Cannon. The series is based on the South Korean format created by Mun Hwa Broadcasting Corp.
The Business of Entertainment