We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
The pop star-turned-beauty mogul exclusively tells Cosmopolitan UK about her goals, and connecting vulnerable conversations around mental health to the world of beauty
While the beauty industry can feel like a bit of an overwhelm at times, one person who has done things consistently and diligently is the world’s most-followed woman on Instagram, Selena Gomez. She feels like a superstar, but at the same time, also your BFF. We’ve grown up with her on our TVs, blasting through our headphones, and for the last five years, commanding the trends for what we’re putting on our faces. She is rare, after all...
Over the years, the musician and actor has garnered millions of online fans – 426 million to be exact – not only for her global presence via banging music, binge-able shows and gorgeous selfies, but the work she continues to do for the beauty and mental health communities, too. And that work doesn’t fall short when it comes to crafting her very own cosmetics brand, Rare Beauty. Rare Beauty is a juggernaut brand to say the least – it remains one of Sephora’s top-selling brands and raked in $90 million in 2022.
But beyond the numbers and celebrity status, Selena has crafted a brand with a heart. And fans feel it beating. Its packaging has expanded how accessible it is to use for people with disabilities, like its iconic lip oils and liquid blushes that have a 'soft pinch' cap design to allow for easier opening, grip and application. A diverse spectrum of skin tones are also catered for with 48 different foundation shades.
The main ethos, as stated by the brand itself, is as follows: “We are on a mission to help everyone celebrate their individuality by redefining what beautiful means. We want to promote self-acceptance and give people the tools they need to feel less alone in the world.
“Our vision is to create a safe, welcoming space in beauty—and beyond—that supports mental well-being across age, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, cultural background, physical or mental ability, and perspective.” Not to mention, that the products are all vegan and cruelty-free, too. And to that, we can certainly vouch that the craftsmanship and quality of products is beyond. I mean, we have tried and tested (and loved!) Sel’s entire collection. 
So, how involved is she in Rare Beauty RN? How does she see the brand as unique? And what the heck is she doing (and using) to make herself look so glowy? Just in time for the launch of her latest product, the True To Myself Tinted Pressed Finishing Powder (coming to us via Sephora and Space NK on 18 July, 2024), Cosmopolitan UK exclusively picked the brains of the woman behind the makeup magic.
Selena Gomez: Working with product development is one of my favourite things to be involved in – we are already working on our 2026 product calendar! I get inspired by so many different parts of life and I’ll text, Facetime, or call the team with product ideas and ask how we can make it happen as soon as possible – this happened recently with our Brow Harmony Flexible Lifting Gel.  
I wanted something that I wasn’t finding in the store (not crunchy or stiff, but holds brow hairs in place) and I think we nailed it.  
Selena Gomez: I like to build light coverage using my Always an Optimist Powder Brush – I’ll roll it across the True To Myself Tinted Pressed Finishing Powder, so the product goes on evenly. Starting at the centre of my face, I sweep the brush outwards. It wears seamlessly over bare skin or makeup and it's so light I forget I’m wearing it. 
Selena Gomez: I’m very excited to be a part of this amazing industry and help shape the conversations we have – I’m not here to compete with anyone. I started Rare Beauty with the hope of creating a brand that could make a difference. My goal has always been that we could have open, vulnerable conversations about beauty and mental health and how they’re connected. 
That’s why launching Rare Impact was so important – impossible standards of beauty really affect our mental health. We want to meet young people where they are and provide a global community, mental health resources, and meaningful products and events that help them feel less alone. 
Selena Gomez: I love my shower ritual. I love using essential oils and going through a full-body care routine. That’s really why we created the Find Comfort collection – I find this part of the day so calming and restorative. I always end with a mist and the Body & Hair mist has been a summer favourite. 
Selena Gomez: It really depends on my mood or where I’m going but my easy go-to is a red lip. It feels like an instant way to create an elevated look. We just added my favourite (Devoted) to the Kind Words Lipstick range – it's a true red that flatters most skin tones. 
Selena Gomez: I’ve always loved makeup but my relationship with makeup and beauty has really evolved over the years. At a certain point, I was struggling with comparing myself to everyone else but I’ve learned that there’s so much beauty in what makes us unique.
Selena Gomez: I love watching creators on TikTok. I have so much fun trying new techniques or looks that I see everyone playing around with. 
Follow Lia on Instagram.
 Lia Mappoura (she/her) is the Beauty Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from viral celebrity hair and makeup news to the latest trend predictions, she’s an expert in recognising the season’s next big beauty look (before it ends up all over your social media feeds). You’ll usually find her putting TikTok’s recent beauty hacks to the Hype Test, challenging the gender-makeup binary and social stereotypes, or fangirling over the time Kourtney Kardashian viewed her Instagram Story (yes, it’s true). Find her also on LinkedIn.
5 ways to make your makeup last when it's sunny ☀️
Ready to try eyebrow tinting? Right this way...
We've got the tea on eyelash extensions longevity
Guys, this is how long your lash lift should last
MUAs top-tips on how to DIY your bridal glam
We put 16 makeup setting sprays to the test
Legit every MUA swears by this tinted Moisturiser
The Jones Road Beauty products we actually rate
Here's what to try from ILIA Beauty
Why I can't live without this liquid blush
CT Beautiful Skin Foundation: Tried and tested
PSA: This is the correct way to apply your bronzer
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.