"Wizards Beyond Waverly Place" airs every Tuesday at 8 p.m. ET.Courtesy of Disney Channel
It’s the millennial reboot we’ve all been waiting for! “Wizards Beyond Waverly Place” premieres on Tuesday, October 28 at 8 p.m. on Disney Channel. A live stream of the “Wizards of Waverly Place” reboot will stream on FuboTV (free trial) and SlingTV (discount). The show will stream the next day on Disney+.
 The new series reunites original series stars David Henrie and Selena Gomez on the network for the first time since 2012.
The first episode is titled ‘Everything is Not What It Seems.’ Alex Russo brings a mischievous and powerful student, Billie, to her brother Justin’s home in the hopes of coaxing him out of retirement to teach her.
According to the show’s official synopsis, “‘Wizards Beyond Waverly Place’ follows an adult Justin Russo, who has chosen to lead a normal, mortal life with his family, Giada, Roman and Milo. When Justin’s sister Alex brings Billie to his home seeking help, Justin realizes he must dust off his magical skills to mentor the wizard-in-training while also juggling his everyday responsibilities — and safeguarding the future of the Wizard World.”
Cast: David Henrie, Janice LeAnn Brown, Alkaio Thiele, Max Matenko, Taylor Cora, Mimi Gianopulos, Selena Gomez
Not a subscriber? Disney+ is the dedicated streaming home for movies and shows from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars, National Geographic, and more. As part of Disney’s Media and Entertainment Distribution segment, Disney+ is available on most internet-connected devices and offers programming with a variety of original feature-length films, documentaries, live-action and animated series and short-form content.
The cost is $9.99 per month or $159.99 for a whole year. If you’re looking to save on a lot of streaming content, consider signing up for the Disney Bundle, which includes Disney+, ESPN+ and Hulu for $15.99/month.
Watch the trailer for “Wizards Beyond Waverly Place” below:
FuboTV offers and 7-day free trial and starts at $79.99 per month for access to MTV and more than 120 other news, entertainment and sports channels under the Pro Plan; you can also upgrade to the Elite package ($90 monthly) which includes more than 180 channels and over 130 events in 4K. Both plans let you record TV shows, movies, games and more and watch on unlimited screens.
SlingTV is the first app-based TV service letting you stream live television and on-demand content over the internet. Watch live shows wherever you are, at home or on the go. Subscribers will also get half off their first month. The 2 main plans — Sling Orange and Sling Blue — offer 30+ channels for $40 a month, or $55 combined. Sling’s two main offerings are Sling Orange and Sling Blue. Each plan is available to stream for $40 a month. You can also combine the two for $55 a month, giving you access to around 50 channels. Sling is currently offering the first month for only $20.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices