As fans of Only Murders in the Building eagerly tune into season 4 today (August 27), we're taking a closer look at the star-studded cast of this hit Disney Plus series.
The murder mystery series, boasting big names like Selena Gomez, Steve Martin and Martin Short in lead roles, certainly has one of the most glittering casts around.
Curious about where you might have spotted the cast of Only Murders in the Building before?
We delve into the season 4 cast below - as well as where else you can catch them on streaming giant Disney Plus, reports the Express.
Disney pop icon and actress Selena Gomez makes up one-third of the famous trio from Only Murders in the Building.
The Same Old Love singer takes on the role of Mabel Mora, a young artist living solo in her aunt's flat as the series kicks off.
Fans will also remember her from shows like Disney Channel's Wizards of Waverly Place, where she shot to fame as Alex Russo, as well as Monte Carlo and Ramona and Beezus.
Comedy titan Steve Martin portrays Charles-Haden Savage, a semi-retired actor who was once the star of a popular 1990s crime drama.
While Steve has starred in an endless list of popular comedy films, some of his standout roles include Cheaper By The Dozen, Father of the Bride and Bringing Down the House.
The third member of the show's central crime-solving group is Oliver Putnam, a financially struggling Broadway director played by Martin Short.
Martin is renowned for such films as Father of the Bride Part II, Frankenweenie and Treasure Planet.
The highly acclaimed actress Meryl Streep is arguably the most recognised name on this list.
She has been portraying the character of Loretta Durkin, a struggling actress and Oliver's love interest, since the third season.
Meryl is renowned for her roles in major Hollywood blockbusters such as The Devil Wears Prada, Fantastic Mr Fox and Into the Woods.
The famously gorgeous Eva Longoria appears in Only Murders in the Building, playing a satirical version of herself.
Joining the cast for the fourth season, she is slated to play Mabel in the film adaptation of the trio's podcast.
Eva is famous for her roles in TV series like Desperate Housewives, Devious Maids, and her directorial debut, Flamin' Hot, is available to watch on Disney+ now.
Similar to Eva Longoria, Eugene Levy will also be playing a spoof version of himself this season, as he is set to portray Charles in the film adaptation of the podcast.
While Eugene is perhaps best known for his role in Netflix's Schitt's Creek or the Universal hit American Pie, he can also be found in Disney titles such as Cheaper by the Dozen 2, Like Mike and Splash.
Zach Galifianakis is another actor who will be playing an exaggerated version of himself, as he is set to play Oliver in the film adaptation of the podcast.
While Zach is perhaps best remembered for his role in the Hangover franchise, he also features in Disney+ properties like Birdman (Or the Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance), Keeping up with the Joneses and Ron's Gone Wrong.
The much-loved actress Jane Lynch is known for her role as Sazz Pataki, Charles' stunt double, in Only Murders in the Building.
Unfortunately, we had to bid farewell to Sazz at the end of the previous season when she was shot by an unidentified shooter with a bullet clearly intended for Charles.
Some fans might recognise Jane from Post Grad, but she's most remembered for her role as Sue Sylvester in the musical comedy series, Glee.
Marvel star Kumail Nanjiani also makes an appearance in season 4 of Only Murders in the Building.
Fans might recognise him from his roles in the superhero movie Eternals, the risque series Welcome to Chippendales and the comedy film Stuber.
Only Murders in the Building season 4 is now available to stream on Disney+.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.