Forget sleeping like a baby — we want to sleep like a millionaire celebrity.
And when several of them — namely Selena Gomez, Molly Sims, and Nicola Peltz Beckham — swear by the same must-have to send them into slumber, it’s worth consideration.
Supermodel Molly, 51, is the latest to rave about her nighttime must-have.
“Listen, you can’t beat a heating pad,” she told Parade of her top sleeping hack. “Every now and then a heating pad can really go a long way.” But she doesn’t work up a sweat at night, either, adding: “I make my room super, super cold.”
She also likes a red light mask, a magnesium supplement, and blackout curtains.
Selena Gomez, 32, vouches for some warmth under the blankets too. In a 2020 Instagram video, she detailed her unwinding process at the end of the day.
“[I] take a shower, wash my face, and then when I get into bed, my friends laugh at me, but I have a heating pad. It’s almost like an anxiety blanket. It feels really nice,” she said.
And Nicola Peltz Beckham — Victoria and David Beckham’s daughter-in-law — said she uses one too.
“My in-laws keep their house so cold. Anytime I know I’m staying there, [a heating pad] is a must because I cannot sleep at that temperature. I feel like I’m sleeping in a freezer,” the 29-year-old told Strategist earlier this year.
“At home, my husband, Brooklyn, likes the room at 60 degrees, which is absolutely wild. I always have this with me, even on planes. It’s my comfort thing.
Many experts tend to agree that a colder room is more conducive to a better night’s sleep. The Sleep Foundation says 65 degrees is the magic number, while Cleveland Clinic recommends setting the thermostat at 60 to 67 degrees to turn your bedroom into a “cool, dark and quiet” cave.
Dr. Alex Dimitriu, a psychiatrist and sleep doctor based in California, previously told The Post that a cold room — between 60 and 67 degrees — is best for getting to and staying asleep. 
According to Cleveland Clinic sleep psychologist Michelle Dreru, “heat is a huge disruptor for REM sleep,” the sleep stage associated with dreaming.
Okeanis Vaou, MD, FAAN, a UT Health San Antonio neurologist, said even our brains are working to cool our bodies down.
“When you are about to go to bed, you feel cold. That happens because your body cools you down preparing you for sleep. Your body turns off your internal thermostat to lower the temperature because that’s how our bodies prepare for sleep. Our brain wants a cooler temperature when we sleep,” she said.
It depends. If they’re keeping that heating pad down by their feet, it could be helping them.
“Warming the feet can have a positive impact on sleep for many people, primarily because of its effect in promoting lower core body temperature and relaxation,” explained Dr. Biquan Luo, a biomedical scientist based in San Francisco.
Using a heating pad down there — or wearing socks — can dilate the feet’s blood vessels, allowing them to hold more blood. That blood is then drawn away from other parts of the body.
“As a result, it can help dissipate body heat and lower the core body temperature,” Dr. Luo added. 
According to Dr. Christine E. Dickson, a psychologist, heating pads may also help combat insomnia in people experiencing pain, muscle tightness, or circulation problems.
“The warmth generated by the pad can help to relax muscles and soothe pain, which can make it easier to fall asleep,” she said. 
“In addition to promoting relaxation, heating pads can also help to improve circulation, which can increase the amount of oxygen and nutrients that reach the brain. This, in turn, can help to reduce stress and anxiety, two common culprits of insomnia.
“Using a heating pad before bed can help to create a more comfortable sleeping environment. Many people find that a cool room is ideal for sleep, but when it’s too cold, it can be difficult to relax and drift off. By using a heating pad, you can warm up your body and make it easier to fall asleep.”
Advertisement