Y'all already know who we're rooting for...
This coming September, Hollywood actors, writers, and directors will have a chance to take home some well-deserved gold when the 76th Annual Emmy Awards airs on ABC and yesterday the academy released this year’s list of nominees which included some of your favorite actors and series.
According to Pitchfork, the likes of Donald Glover, Selena Gomez, and even Jay-Z are up for some golden statuettes as their work in 2023 have not gone unnoticed by the academy. Donald Glover got himself two nods for his work on Prime’s Mr. & Mrs. Smith as he’s been nominated for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series and Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series (a lot of people slept on that series). Glover will face some stiff competition for Lead Actor as he’ll go up against the likes of Idris Elba (Hijack), and Hiroyuki Sanada (Shogun) amongst others.
Jay-Z meanwhile will be battling the likes of Usher for the Outstanding Variety Special Award as both men turned some memorable Super Bowl Halftime Shows while Selena Gomez earned herself her first acting nod for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her role in Only Murders in the Building.
Per Pitchfork:
Notably, The Bear set a new record for most Comedy nominations in a single year with 23 nods, beating the previous record held by 30 Rock in 2009 with 22 nominations. One of those nominations goes to Lionel “L-Boy” Boyce for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy Series. Boyce was formerly a hypeman in Odd Future and actor on Loiter Squad, the rap group’s Adult Swim sketch comedy show.
“Television delivers stories that connect us, uplift us, challenge us, and always entertain us. Today, I am honored to celebrate the outstanding work of our extraordinarily talented and hardworking creative community,” said Television Academy chair Cris Abrego in a press release. “This morning’s Emmy nominations are a testament to their contributions and highlight the incredible programming that has risen to the top of an exceptional year in TV.”
Donald Glover’s Mr. & Mrs. Smith is also up for Best Drama Series with the show itself getting 16 nominations in total. We doubt it’ll get that clean sweep but how dope would it be if that came to pass? Just sayin.’
Check out the rest of the nominations on Emmys.com and let us know who’ll you be rooting for come September 15 in the comments section below.
—
Photo: Getty


Donald Glover, Jay-Z & Usher Amongst The 2024 Emmy Award Nominees 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Six Flags America to Permanently Close After 2025 Season								

									LISTEN LIVE								

									The Biggest News Stories Of 2025								

									Here Are Some Notable Moments Of Black Culture In 2025								

									Iggy Azalea Sex Tape Leaked [VIDEO]								

									What’s Happening In Baltimore: Top Stories You Need to Know in 2025								

									Wale featuring Rihanna "Bad" Remix [FULL SONG, POLL]								

									Cinco De Breezy Weekend: Your Chance To Win Tickets To See Chris Brown!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.