Selena Gomez just shared something very personal about her fertility—she cannot carry her own children. But that doesn’t mean motherhood is out of the question for her.
Since it became clear that Gomez and boyfriend Benny Blanco are very serious about their relationship, people have started to wonder if children are in the couple’s future. (Especially since Blanco has spoken openly about wanting to have kids with the singer/actor.) Well, in a new interview with Vanity Fair, Gomez revealed that while she cannot become pregnant herself, she’s already thinking about other ways to have kids, including adoption.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
“I haven’t ever said this, but I unfortunately can’t carry my own children,” Gomez told the magazine. “I have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby’s in jeopardy. That was something I had to grieve for a while.” One alternative pathway to parenthood would be surrogacy, which celebrities like Kim Kardashian and Paris Hilton have used to have kids, and adoption is another. Gomez said she’s open to both possibilities.
“It’s not necessarily the way I envisioned it,” Gomez continued in the interview. “I thought it would happen the way it happens for everyone. [But] I’m in a much better place with that. I find it a blessing that there are wonderful people willing to do surrogacy or adoption, which are both huge possibilities for me. It made me really thankful for the other outlets for people who are dying to be moms. I’m one of those people. I’m excited for what that journey will look like, but it’ll look a little different. At the end of the day, I don’t care. It’ll be mine. It’ll be my baby.”
Selena Gomez has been open about wanting children, saying that before she met Blanco, she had planned to adopt when she reached age 35. She’s also shared a lot about her health and medical complications, including her kidney transplant due to Lupus. But this is the first time she’s spoken openly about her fertility.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices