Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Director Jacques Audiard's Netflix feature — which stars Zoe Saldaña, Karla Sofía Gascón and Selena Gomez — won the jury prize and best actress at Cannes earlier this year.

							By 

	Ryan Gajewski

Senior Entertainment Reporter

Emilia Pérez is set to be honored at the 47th annual Mill Valley Film Festival. 

	Director Jacques Audiard‘s acclaimed Netflix feature will receive the MVFF Award for outstanding ensemble performance on Oct. 5 in San Rafael, California. With a cast that includes Zoe Saldaña, Karla Sofía Gascón, Selena Gomez, Adriana Paz, Mark Ivanir and Edgar Ramírez, the movie premiered at the Cannes Film Festival in May, where it won the jury prize and best actress (for Saldaña, Gascón, Gomez and Paz).



Emilia Pérez follows the titular cartel boss (Gascón), who enlists unappreciated lawyer Rita (Saldaña) to help Emilia fake her own death and get a fresh start by embracing her true gender identity. Hitting Netflix on Nov. 13, the Spanish-language feature includes interludes of song and dance. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Far East Film Festival: Yihui Shao's Feminist Drama 'Her Story' Wins Top Prize		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					Julia Garner Eyes FTX Limited Series at Netflix, Higher Ground Producing		
			








	“The film’s life force is irresistible, and the talents of an incredible ensemble drive it. It’s no wonder the jury at this year’s Cannes Film Festival insisted on creating a special award for them,” said MVFF director of programming Zoë Elton, referring to Cannes honoring all four actresses. “They bring passion and commitment to this groundbreaking film, and I’m excited that many will join us as guests. I can’t wait to share this film with our audience: It will be a very special night.”

	Previous recipients of Mill Valley’s ensemble award include the casts of the Netflix titles The Lost Daughter, The Trial of the Chicago 7 and Marriage Story. All three films later had at least one performer nominated for an Oscar. 

	Audiard’s previous projects include Dheepan, which won the Palme d’Or at Cannes in 2015. The filmmaker has also helmed such features as Paris, 13th District; Rust and Bone; and A Prophet.

	In his review for The Hollywood Reporter, chief film critic David Rooney wrote: “With Emilia Pérez, [Audiard] has made something fresh, full of vitality and affecting, held aloft by its own quietly soaring power.”

	Mill Valley’s screening of Emilia Pérez takes place Oct. 5 at 7 p.m. at the Smith Rafael Film Center in San Rafael, and ticket information can be found here. The 2024 Mill Valley Film Festival runs Oct. 3-13.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.