Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Contact us by Email
May 3 2024, Published 5:00 a.m. ET
Ed Sheeran deactivated his social media accounts after appearing on HBO's 'Game of Thrones.'
On January 31, Ed Sheeran put an end to his social media detox after years of taking a break. The Shape of You singer's accounts were unavailable until he came back this year.
In a video, he admitted to being inactive and that his account became home to boring posts. He then pledged to fans that he was officially back online after taking a hiatus following the completion of his new music video in November.
"Umm, the reason I'm making this video is, just being totally honest, I've had some turbulent things been happening in my personal life, so I just didn't really feel like being online and pretending to be something I'm not when I wasn't feeling like that," he continued.
Fox was on the phone with Kelly when he attempted suicide. 

Megan Fox dealt with breakup rumors by deactivating her Instagram page after deleting all photos of Machine Gun Kelly from her account. She also unfollowed the rapper afterward.
Selena Gomez has been on and off social media over the past few years.
After previously deactivating her social media accounts several times, Selena Gomez announced she would leave her pages again after responding to the claims that she was feuding with Justin Bieber's wife, Hailey Bieber.
"I'm good. I love who I am, I don't care. I'm big, I'm not, I don't care," she said in a video on TikTok. "I love who I am. I'm gonna be taking a second from social media because this is a little silly.
She spoke about her experience with someone who disparaged her online, although the user does not know her personally.
In March, Billie Eilish spoke to Conan O'Brien on the "Conan O'Brien Needs a Friend" podcast and explained that she removed her social media accounts from her phone because the internet makes someone "gullible."
"Anything I read on the internet I believe. And I know for a fact that's stupid and I shouldn't do that because I have proof that it's not all true," she shared. "Almost none of it's true. It's, like, little things, small white lies, that go over everybody's head, but everyone believes."
Kanye West's accounts were previously restricted because of his controversial posts.
Kanye West revealed on April 18 that he would be leaving Instagram by sharing a screenshot of the social media's deactivation page. Shortly after sharing the post, his account was ultimately deactivated.
He did not reveal the reason why he decided to take a hiatus, but he went through ups and downs on the social media platform because of his own wrongdoings for violating its policies on hate speech, harassment and bullying.
She took a break after her controversial explicit scene in Amazon Prime's flick, 'Swarm.'
Chlöe Bailey deleted her social media apps from her phone following the backlash she received.
Speaking on The Tamron Hall Show, the In Piece singer talked about her decision and the criticisms she received after her NSFW scene on Amazon Prime's Swarm premiered.
According to Bailey, her mind became clearer after leaving social media.
"The negative things people were saying about me were affecting me, and I noticed if I'd go out on stage or 'if I do this people are gonna say this," she said. "…and I realized that I was changing myself for other people and their opinions and what they were accusing me of originally, which was not being myself and being forced, that's what I was tuning into because I was so occupied with what people thought about me, but the second I deleted the apps off my phone."
The 'Avengers' actor recently married Alba Baptista in an intimate wedding ceremony.
Chris Evans wants to keep things private after his wedding to his dream girl, Alba Baptista.
The Captain America star deactivated his X and Instagram accounts on June 29, leaving a message to his fans to explain that he would be taking a little break from his social media pages.
He also reposted Taron Egerton's message after the Rocketman actor decided to leave his accounts temporarily.
"Couldn't have it said it better myself!!! Count me in," Evans wrote. "Gonna take a little break. Much love everyone!"
The British actor said he feels "removed" from himself.
In June 2023, Taron Egerton penned a lengthy post on Instagram and revealed he would be taking a break to make a commitment to himself. He also revealed how social media affected his ability to connect with his loved ones and focus on his work.
"I've gotten myself into a place where I spend too much time scrolling and I actually feel like my ability to sit and be present and read books and watch movies and even seek out the company of people I love is eroding as a result," he continued.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Darius Jackson and Keke Palmer called it quits after the former called her out on X for her outfit when she watched Usher's concert.
Keke Palmer's former beau, Darius Jackson, took a break from social media as users bombarded him with criticisms for shaming the Barbershop 2: Back in Business star for her outfit at an Usher concert.
"It's the outfit tho.. you a mom," he wrote on X, which left Palmer's fans fuming.
She has deactivated her social media accounts for several times already this year.
Britney Spears does not know whether she should stay online or not.
The Oops!...I Did It Again hitmaker singer deactivated her Instagram page at least thrice already. In June, she left the platform ahead of her first wedding anniversary with her now-estranged husband Sam Asghari before doing it again in July after the release of her collaboration with Will.i.am, Mind Your Business.
Spears deactivated her account once more on Friday, September 15, after having a posting spree of her dance videos.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.