ByMarc Berman
ByMarc Berman,
 Senior Contributor. 
An Emmy statue is seen on the red carpet ahead of the Emmy Awards at the Microsoft Theater in Los ... More Angeles, California, on September 12, 2022. (Photo by Chris DELMAS / AFP) (Photo by CHRIS DELMAS/AFP via Getty Images)
Honoring the best of the best on the small screen. The 76th Primetime Emmy Awards, hosted by Eugene and Dan Levy, will air this Sunday on ABC at 8 p.m. ET. It will also stream the following day on Hulu.
The two Levys, of course, are no strangers to this golden statuette. Their comedy Schitt’s Creek won all seven comedy categories at the 2020 Emmy Awards, making it the first series to sweep every category.
This year, FX's Shōgun dominated the drama categories this year with 25 nominations. Leading the pack for comedies is The Bear, which broke the record for the most-nominated comedy series with 23 nods.
And there is no shortage of other notable entries competing. Think Abbott Elementary, Hacks, Palm Royale and the veteran Curb Your Enthusiasm in comedy; and The Crown, The Gilded Age, The Morning Show and Slow Horses in drama, among others.
But Shōgun and The Bear are the two to beat.
Will they sweep the two categories this Sunday? Will there be any upsets? Any surprises? Any shockers?
Let’s take a look at the key comedy and drama nominees and make some well-educated predictions.
Abbott Elementary (ABC)
The Bear (FX)
Curb Your Enthusiasm (HBO/Max)
Hacks (HBO/Max)
Only Murders in the Building (Hulu)
Palm Royale (Apple TV+)
Reservation Dogs (FX)
What We Do in the Shadows (FX)
Who will win: The Bear
Potential surprise: Only Murders in the Building
Let’s face it, The Bear really isn’t really a comedy. Or it is? There were certainly some humorous moments, particularly Jamie Lee Curtis’ as frantic alcoholic matriarch Donna Berzatto (which already resulted in an Emmy victory for Best Guest Actress in a Comedy Series). But, comedy or not, this tale family dysfunction and stressful kitchen conditions in the world of restaurant ownership once again stood well above everything else.
The critics are also gaga about Only Murders in the Building, which seemed more forced for laughs in this nominated season. But never rule out the oddball (but rewarding) combination of Steve Martin, Martin Short and Selena Gomez. Everywhere they go, murder follows!
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA: (L-R) Edwin Lee Gibson, Ebon Moss-Bachrach, Jeremy Allen White, Matty ... More Matheson, Ayo Edebiri, Liza Colón-Zayas, Abby Elliott, Lionel Boyce, Chris Witaske, and Carmen Christopher attends the Los Angeles Premiere of FX's "The Bear" at Goya Studios on June 20, 2022 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
The Crown (Netflix)
Fallout (Prime Video)
The Gilded Age (HBO)
The Morning Show (Apple TV+)
Mr. and Mrs. Smith (Prime Video)
Shōgun (FX)
Slow Horses (Apple TV+)
3 Body Problem (Netflix)
Who will win: Shōgun
Potential surprise: The Crown
With already a record-breaking 14 awards at the Creative Arts Emmys last week and countless other accolades, Shōgun defines the words “sure thing.” But another trip to the winner’s circle for The Crown would be the ultimate upset (and quite worthy after six addictive seasons).
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - FEBRUARY 25: (L-R) Eriko Miyagawa, Rachel Kondo, Justin Marks, Hiroyuki Sanada ... More and Anna Sawai attend "Shogun" preview screening at Japan Society on February 25, 2024 in New York City. (Photo by John Lamparski/Getty Images)
Quinta Brunson (Abbott Elementary, ABC)
Ayo Edebiri (The Bear, FX)
Selena Gomez (Only Murders in the Building, Hulu)
Maya Rudolph (Loot, Apple TV+)
Jean Smart (Hacks, HBO/Max)
Kristen Wiig (Palm Royale, Apple TV+) 
Who will win: Jean Smart
Potential surprise: Ayo Edebiri
Multiple wins for the same role is certainly not out of the question. Remember Candice Bergen in Murphy Brown? Or Kelsey Grammer in Frasier, Carroll O’Connor and Jean Stapleton in All in the Family, and Mary Tyler Moore? So, a third consecutive Emmy for Jean Smart in Hacks, who showed us a more emotional side of Deborah Vance this season, is highly likely.
Next in line is Ayo Edebiri, who won the Emmy in Supporting Actress in a Comedy in The Bear last season. While upgrading to Actress in a Comedy (opposite Jean Smart) is a risk, never underestimate taking that bold step. Way back back it paid off (twice) in drama for thirtysomething actress Patricia Wettig. Ditto for Valerie Harper (from The Mary Tyler Moore Show to Rhoda) and aforementioned Kelsey Grammer (from Cheers to Frasier).
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA: 74th ANNUAL PRIMETIME EMMY AWARDS — Pictured: Jean Smart accepts the ... More Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for "Hacks" on stage during the 74th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards held at the Microsoft Theater on September 12, 2022. — (Photo by Chris Haston/NBC via Getty Images)
Matt Berry (What We Do in the Shadows, FX)
Larry David (Curb Your Enthusiasm, HBO/Max)
Steve Martin (Only Murders in the Building, Hulu)
Martin Short (Only Murders in the Building, Hulu)
Jeremy Allen White (The Bear, FX)
D’Pharaoh Woon-A-Tai (Reservation Dogs, FX)
Who will win: Jeremy Allen White
Potential surprise: Larry David
At first glance, Jeremy Allen White as Carmy Berzatto in The Bear was all too familiar as Jeremy Allen White as Phillip “Lip” Gallagher in Shameless. But, in time, White sunk his acting chops deep into Carmy, demonstrating his ambitions and his demons. Count on another trip to the Emmy podium for White.
Since the two Martins - Steve Martin and Martin Short - could cancel each other out in Only Murders in the Building, how cool would it be to see whiny Larry David get awarded for all those years on Curb Your Enthusiasm? Answer: Very!
TOPSHOT - Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series Jeremy Allen White, The Bear, speaks onstage ... More during the 75th Emmy Awards at the Peacock Theatre at L.A. Live in Los Angeles on January 15, 2024. (Photo by Valerie Macon / AFP) (Photo by VALERIE MACON/AFP via Getty Images)
Carol Burnett (Palm Royale, Apple TV+)
Liza Colón-Zayas (The Bear, FX)
Hannah Einbinder (Hacks, HBO/Max)
Janelle James (Abbott Elementary, ABC)
Sheryl Lee Ralph (Abbott Elementary, ABC)
Meryl Streep (Only Murders in the Building, Hulu)
Who will win: Hannah Einbinder
Potential surprise: Liza Colón-Zayas
Playing the “second banana,” so to speak, to Jean Smart as Deborah Vance is no easy feat. But this third Emmy nomination for Hannah Einbinder as Ava Daniels should be the charm for an ongoing rapid-fire performance that adeptly mixes comedy and drama.
Of course, seeing the legendary Carol Burnett make another trip to the Emmy podium would be amazing to experience. But if Hannah Einbinder walks away empty, Liza Colón-Zayas in The Bear is the one to beat. If not, she will be next year for the episode titled “Napkins,” which showcases the struggle Colón-Zayas as Tina Marrero faces looking for work. It was a performance that will not soon be forgotten.
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MAY 16: Hannah Einbinder visits SiriusXM Studios on May 16, 2024 in New York ... More City. (Photo by Santiago Felipe/Getty Images)
Lionel Boyce (The Bear, FX)
Paul W. Downs (Hacks, HBO/Max)
Ebon Moss-Bachrach (The Bear, FX)
Paul Rudd (Only Murders in the Building, Hulu)
Tyler James Williams (Abbott Elementary, ABC)
Bowen Yang (Saturday Night Live, NBC)
Who will win: Ebon Moss-Bachrach
Potential surprise: Paul W. Downs
Gruff on the outside, Ebon Moss-Bachrach as Richie Jerimovich mixed humor with anguish in his quest for success and pain in seeing his ex-wife move on. Particularly memorable was his performance in "Forks," where he shouted Taylor Swift lyrics in a standout episode from the season (which demonstrated the side of Richie as the father of a young daughter).
Chances of a second trip to the podium is virtually certain. If there is an upset, look not further than Paul W. Downs as the boyish agent on Hacks, who is the best eye-roller on the small screen!
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA: Ebon Moss-Bachrach accepts the Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Comedy ... More Series award for “The Bear,” onstage during the 75th Primetime Emmy Awards at Peacock Theater on January 15, 2024 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Monica Schipper/WireImage)
Jennifer Aniston (The Morning Show, Apple TV+)
Carrie Coon (The Gilded Age, HBO/Max)
Maya Erskine (Mr. and Mrs. Smith, Prime Video)
Anna Sawai (Shōgun, FX)
Imelda Staunton (The Crown, Netflix)
Reese Witherspoon (The Morning Show, Apple TV+)
Who will win: Anna Sawai
Potential surprise: Imelda Staunton
Given that Claire Foy and Olivia Colman, who each played the Queen in her two younger incarnations, took home the gold for The Crown, a win for the equally worthy Imedla Staunton is not out of the question. But this is the year for Shōgun, and Anna Sawai as Lady Toda Mariko, the daughter of a disgraced samurai, was a standout in a series bombarded with excellence.
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA: Anna Sawai attends the Los Angeles Premiere Of FX's "SHOGUN" at Academy ... More Museum of Motion Pictures on February 13, 2024 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Frazer Harrison/FilmMagic)
Idris Elba (Hijack, Apple TV+)
Donald Glover (Mr. and Mrs. Smith, Prime Video)
Walton Goggins (Fallout, Prime Video)
Gary Oldman (Slow Horses, Apple TV+)
Hiroyuki Sanada (Shōgun, FX)
Dominic West (The Crown, Netflix)
Who will win: Hiroyuki Sanada
Potential surprise: Gary Oldman
As one of the most unforgettable characters in television history, Gary Oldman as Jackson Lamb, the rude and obnoxioius head of Slough House in Slow Horses, is as worthy as they get for an Emmy victory. But veteran Japanese actor Hiroyuki Sanada as Lord Yoshii Toranaga, one of the five Regents ruling Japan circa the 1600s, is likely to ride the Shōgun wave.
TOPSHOT - Japanese actor Hiroyuki Sanada attends the red carpet event for FX's "Shogun" at the ... More Academy theater in Los Angeles, February 13, 2024. (Photo by Michael Tran / AFP) (Photo by MICHAEL TRAN/AFP via Getty Images)
Christine Baranski (The Gilded Age, HBO/Max)
Nicole Beharie (The Morning Show, Apple TV+)
Elizabeth Debicki (The Crown, Netflix)
Greta Lee (The Morning Show, Apple TV+)
Lesley Manville (The Crown, Netflix)
Karen Pittman (The Morning Show, Apple TV+)
Holland Taylor (The Morning Show, Apple TV+)
Who will win: Elizabeth Debicki
Potential surprise: Lesley Manville
Other actors have played Diana, particularly Emma Corrin who preceded Elizabeth Debicki in The Crown as the conflicted and iconic Princess of Wales. But Debicki virtually channeled the real Diana into her performance, nailing her mannerisms and exhibiting the emotional depth of why her country and the world rooted for her.
Since The Morning Show trio - Nicole Baharie, Karen Pittman and Holland Taylor - are competing against each other, the likely pick for second in line is the also exceptional Lesley Manville as the conflicted Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon on The Crown. No one ever said living in that palace was easy!
Elizabeth Debicki wins the award for Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on ... More Television for her role in "The Crown" at the 81st Golden Globe Awards held at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on January 7, 2024 in Beverly Hills, California. (Photo by Gilbert Flores/Golden Globes 2024/Golden Globes 2024 via Getty Images)
Tadanobu Asano (Shogun, FX)
Billy Crudup (The Morning Show, Apple TV+)
Mark Duplass (The Morning Show, Apple TV+)
Jon Hamm (The Morning Show, Apple TV+)
Takehiro Hira (Shōgun, FX)
Jack Lowden (Slow Horses, Apple TV+)
Jonathan Pryce (The Crown, Netflix)
Who will win: Billy Crudup
Potential surprise: Takehiro Hira
Takehiro Hira and Tadanobu Asano are riding the Shōgun wave. Either could reign supreme (with Hira the more likely candidate). Jack Lowden could get a boost for Slow Horses if Gary Oldman pulls an upset. And never rule out anyone from The Crown. But, if you are still watching The Morning Show, let me guess why: Billy Crudup as the charming and chaotic Cory Ellison. Crudup won in the category once before and will likely do it again.
SANTA MONICA, CALIFORNIA: Billy Crudup accepts the Best Supporting Actor in a Drama Series award for ... More 'The Morning Show' onstage during the 25th Annual Critics' Choice Awards at Barker Hangar on January 12, 2020 in Santa Monica, California. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)