"I don’t care that I don’t look like a stick figure"
Selena Gomez has revealed that she has been diagnosed with the intestinal condition SIBO while responding to body shaming comments on social media.
Next week (November 12), Gomez’s latest film Emilia Perez is due to arrive on Netflix across the globe. However, rather than focus on the film, several fans on social media have seemingly picked at Gomez’s appearance at the premiere of the film in October.
Per an ELLE report, the singer-actor had commented on a now-deleted TikTok video that said her pose at the premiere suggested she was ashamed of her body and wanted to hid her size.
Selena Gomez attends the Season 4 premiere of Hulu’s ‘Only Murders In The Building’ at Paramount Studios on August 22, 2024.. CREDIT: Kevin Winter/Getty Images
Gomez eventually responded, per ELLE, writing: “This makes me sick. I have SIBO in my small intestine. It flares up. I don’t care that I don’t look like a stick figure. I don’t have that body. End of story. No I am NOT a victim. I’m just human.” The video has since been deleted.
SIBO – or small intestine bacterial overgrowth – is a condition caused by an abnormal increase in bacteria that isn’t commonly found in that area of the digestive track. If left unmanaged, SIBO can cause serious complications with long-term consequences including the malabsorption of fats, proteins and carbohydrates can lead to malnutrition and vitamin deficiencies.
Besides SIBO, Selena Gomez has been vocal about her struggles with the autoimmune disease lupus. In 2017, she received a kidney transplant and underwent several rounds of chemotherapy.
Despite her health conditions, Gomez has experienced a strongly booked and busy scheduled. Now enjoying a hiatus from music, Gomez has turned her attention to acting, leading the hit series Only Murders In The Building, and her latest film Emilia Perez.
Selena Gomez in ‘Emilia Perez’. CREDIT: Netflix
In a three-star review of Emilia Perez, Sophia Butcher wrote for NME: “You’ve probably never seen a movie like Emilia Perez before – and whilst there is enough meat in the performances to make you somewhat glad you did, you might not want to again.”
As for Only Murders In The Building, season four scored a four-star review from Nick Levine, who wrote for NME: “As the season progresses, the murder investigation becomes more gripping and the punchlines keep on coming. So, let’s hope they’re already working on their season five wish list – surely Martin Short has Catherine O’Hara’s number?”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.