Selena Gomez is no longer Nicola Peltz and Brooklyn Beckham's third wheel.
On January 13, the Peltz heir shared a series of photos from her 29th birthday party, cohosted by the Gomez and her boyfriend, Benny Blanco. According to Peltz Beckham, Blanco did the cooking as all the guests—including Gomez's little sister Gracie—played games in matching black pajama sets with white lining. There was also a giant cake with Nicola's face involved.
“I’m so grateful for all the beautiful and kind people in my life,” she wrote in the caption of her Instagram post. “All my best friends surprised me for my birthday with a pj night and we played games (my heaven!) Thank you all so much for making me feel so loved. I love you all so much and thank you Benny for making the best food everrrr and you and Sel for hosting.”
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Selena Gomez has been joking about her “throuple” with the Beckhams since last January, with the trio recently celebrating their one-year “anniversary” in early December 2023. “[Gomez] says we're a throuple. She's such a sweet girl,” Brooklyn said during an appearance on The Jennifer Hudson Show in March. “I love when my wife makes new friends, especially really great friends. We all get along.”
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
However, their friendship dynamic has clearly shifted since the “#foreverplusone” secretly began dating music producer and fellow foodie Benny Blanco over six months ago. She confirmed the relationship with a series of Instagram comments in early December, telling fans that Blanco is “better than anyone I've ever been with.”
While some Selenators still have reservations about the ’ship, he seems to fit right in with the people who matter most to Selena Gomez.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices