By TERRY ZELLER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:11, 30 July 2024   |  Updated:  08:36, 30 July 2024   
 70
View  comments
Selena Gomez shared a series of close-up selfies after shutting down plastic surgery speculation.
The 32-year-old Only Murders in the Building star took to her Instagram on Monday to post the stunning snaps, captioning them, 'faces, phases.'
In one photo, the pop singer sports a green tank top and a messy bun, giving a serious look with pouty lips. 
In another, the global icon exudes charm as she rests her head on her hand, wearing a touch of makeup and a lilac hoodie. 
The social media shares seem to reinforce the former Disney star's assertion that she has only undergone one cosmetic procedure. 
Selena Gomez shared a series of close-up selfies after shutting down plastic surgery speculation 
The 32-year-old Only Murders in the Building star took to her Instagram on Monday to post the stunning snaps, captioning them, 'faces, phases'
The Hands To Myself hitmaker shared a TikTok comment on July 27 denying she's gone under the knife. 
'Honestly I hate this. I have Botox. That’s it. Leave me alone,' she wrote. 
Selena made her comment in a 2023 video shared by Marissa Barrionuevo, a Florida plastic surgeon assistant known for creating educational content about different procedures and frequently speculating on celebrities' cosmetic enhancements. 
'I literally have no idea what she has gotten done,' said Barrionuevo in the clip. 
'I think she's been through so much in her life, especially medically related, so I don't think it's fair to speculate whether or not she's gotten cosmetic things done. At the end of the day, let's just leave her be.' 
After Gomez's response, Barrionuevo issued a direct apology to her in a second video posted on TikTok on July 28. 
'I really hope Selena Gomez does not hate me,' she began. '... I agree with you, I do think we should leave you alone and I said that in the video. I totally understand you still not appreciating it.' 
She added that when she speculates about celebrities undergoing cosmetic surgery on her TikTok page, she strives to do so 'with so much grace and to not tear people down.' 
In one photo, the pop singer sports a green tank top and a messy bun, giving a serious look with pouty lips
The social media shares seem to reinforce the former Disney star's assertion that she has only undergone one cosmetic procedure
The Hands To Myself hitmaker shared a TikTok comment on July 27 denying she's gone under the knife
'Honestly I hate this. I have Botox. That’s it. Leave me alone,' she wrote
'That is never, ever my intention when it comes to it,' she said. 
'I really do mean the best. So I apologize if this rubbed you the wrong way.'
The singer and actress previously confirmed she had Botox while defending her relationship with music producer Benny Blanco.
After a fan wrote in an Instagram comment: 'Remove your cheek fillers/implants. It's messing with your brain,' Selena replied: 'Hahahaha I've had Botox bb girl.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group