ByTim Lammers
ByTim Lammers,
 Contributor. 
CANNES, FRANCE - MAY 19: Selena Gomez attends the "Emilia Perez" Photocall at the 77th annual Cannes ... More Film Festival at Palais des Festivals on May 19, 2024 in Cannes, France. (Photo by Neilson Barnard/Getty Images)
Selena Gomez and Zoe Saldaña’s Cannes Film Festival winner Emilia Pérez has set its streaming premiere date on Netflix.
The crime comedy competed at the 77th annual Cannes Film Festival in the South of France in May. Screened as an In Competition title, Emilia Pérez won the Cannes Jury Prize for director Jacques Audiard.
In addition, Gomez, Saldaña, Karla Sofía Gascón and Adriana Paz collectively won Cannes’ Best Performance by an Actress award.
According to When to Stream, Emilia Pérez will premiere on Netflix on November 13. The film will also have a limited theatrical release, but the dates the film will play in theaters is yet to be determined. In the past, Netflix has released their films in theaters in limited runs to qualify for them for Oscar consideration.
Billed as a crime comedy musical, the official Cannes logline for Emilia Pérez reads, “Overqualified and undervalued, Rita is a lawyer at a large firm that is more interested in getting criminals off the hook than bringing them to justice.
“One day, she is given an unexpected way out, when cartel leader Manitas hires her to help him withdraw from his business and realize a plan he has been secretly preparing for years: to become the woman he has always dreamt of being.”
CANNES, FRANCE - MAY 19: Selena Gomez, Zoe Saldana, Karla Sofía Gascón and Adriana Paz attend the ... More "Emilia Perez" Photocall at the 77th annual Cannes Film Festival at Palais des Festivals on May 19, 2024 in Cannes, France. (Photo by Stephane Cardinale - Corbis/Corbis via Getty Images)
Zoe Saldaña stars as Rita in Emilia Pérez, while Karla Sofía Gascón plays the title character. Edgar Ramirez also stars as Gustavo in the film, while Selena Gomez plays Jessi.
Rotten Tomatoes critics reviewing Emilia Pérez at Cannes gave the film an 86% “fresh” rating based on 37 reviews.
According to Variety, Gomez openly wept as Emilia Pérez got a 9-minute standing ovation at Cannes when the film premiered on May 18.