Rare Beauty's True to Myself Tinted Pressed Finishing Powder drops on Thursday, July 18.

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Selena Gomez is loving Rare Beauty’s True to Myself Tinted Pressed Finishing Powder, hitting shelves on Thursday (July 18).

	“This powder brings out the best in my skin, and it’s so lightweight I forget I’m wearing it,” Gomez said in a statement on Thursday.

True to Myself Tinted Pressed Finishing Powder ($30) works to reduce shine and remove excess oil from the face, adding buildable coverage to your look. The powder is designed to instantly smooth and blur serving up a natural finish without caking, chalkiness or settling into fine lines.

	Gomez took to Instagram on Thursday with an excited post announcing the new release.   “IT’S HEREEEEEEEE,” she captioned a video showcasing the pressed powder. “True to Myself Tinted Pressed Finishing Powder is available NOW @sephora, Sephora @kohls, @spacenk, and RareBeauty.com. If you’re looking for a powder that blurs, smooths, and sets makeup without caking then we got youuuuu!”




			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Selena Gomez		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)

	Available in 14 shades (from porcelain to espresso), Rare Beauty’s True to Myself Tinted Pressed Finishing Powder can be used to set or refresh your makeup, especially if you’re going for the “no makeup” makeup look or another summer-friendly beauty routine that doesn’t pack on the product and will hold up in the heat. You can apply the pressed powder to set foundation, tinted moisturizers and concealers such as Positive Light Under Eye Brightener. It can also be used on bare skin.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	The Only Murders in the Building star teased the new release on Instagram last week writing in part, “I’ve been using pressing powder on set photoshoots, pretty much anywhere (lol) for years but I really wanted to make one that DOES IT ALL, yet still felt like nothing on your skin. I’m so proud of what my team and I have been able to create.”

	True to Myself Tinted Pressed Finishing Powder and the Soft Touch Powder Puff are available at Sephora, Sephora at Kohl’s and the Rare Beauty website.

	Shop below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.