\201cScrew anyone who says you’re a victim, you’re a survivor."

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Selena Gomez has some choice words for anyone who thinks her choosing to open up about her bipolar diagnosis or inability to carry a child automatically makes her a "victim."
Recently, while speaking to a group of women during a Women in Film event in California, Gomez opened up about her decision to be vulnerable and share what many would consider to be the more difficult parts of her life.
"I truly believe that there is power in being vulnerable and telling people when you need help or when you want help—that is not shameful," Gomez said in a now-viral video posted on X, formerly known as Twitter. "So yeah, I shared that I can't carry a child. Yeah, I shared that I have bipolar—f*** off. That's what my life is. That's who I am."
At times speaking directly to her younger sister Gracie, who was also in attendance, Gomez explained that she really wants "to be an advocate for women," adding that her desire to stand up for others is "why I share."
Selena Gomez attends the 76th Primetime Emmy Awards at Peacock Theater on September 15, 2024 in Los Angeles, California wearing a black mermaid dress
"That's why I like to be honest," she continued. "Because everyone is going through something. I don't have it all put together. I'm not a, you know, whatever...I am me and that's all I can be."
Gomez then urged everyone in attendance, including her sister, to not "ever let anyone tell you that you're not a good person."
"Screw anyone who tells you you're a victim," she continued. "You're a survivor in my book."
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
In a recent interview with Vanity Fair, the singer and actress revealed that she is not physically able to safely carry a pregnancy to term.
“I haven’t ever said this, but I unfortunately can’t carry my own children," she told the publication at the time. "I have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby’s in jeopardy. That was something I had to grieve for a while."
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
A photo posted by on 
The Only Murders in the Building star then went on to discuss how she plans to eventually create her own family.
"It’s not necessarily the way I envisioned it. I thought it would happen the way it happens for everyone," she explained. "I’m in a much better place with that. I find it a blessing that there are wonderful people willing to do surrogacy or adoption, which are both huge possibilities for me.
"It made me really thankful for the other outlets for people who are dying to be moms. I’m one of those people," she added. "I’m excited for what that journey will look like, but it’ll look a little different. At the end of the day, I don’t care. It’ll be mine. It’ll be my baby."
Danielle Campoamor is Marie Claire's weekend editor covering all things news, celebrity, politics, culture, live events, and more. In addition, she is an award-winning freelance writer and former NBC journalist with over a decade of digital media experience covering mental health, reproductive justice, abortion access, maternal mortality, gun violence, climate change, politics, celebrity news, culture, online trends, wellness, gender-based violence and other feminist issues. You can find her work in The New York Times, Washington Post, TIME, New York Magazine, CNN, MSNBC, NBC, TODAY, Vogue, Vanity Fair, Harper's Bazaar, Marie Claire, InStyle, Playboy, Teen Vogue, Glamour, The Daily Beast, Mother Jones, Prism, Newsweek, Slate, HuffPost and more. She currently lives in Brooklyn, New York with her husband and their two feral sons. When she is not writing, editing or doom scrolling she enjoys reading, cooking, debating current events and politics, traveling to Seattle to see her dear friends and losing Pokémon battles against her ruthless offspring. You can find her on X, Instagram, Threads, Facebook and all the places.

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


"I was so disgusting and repulsive," Blanco joked.


It does sort of sound like her name, I guess.


Making your birthday about someone else? That’s true love.


Their lives are totally normal! Sort of...


They can't stop, won't stop complimenting each other.


According to her fiancé, she likes kids better than adults.


Why some fans think the post is a sign that long-awaited re-recording of 'Reputation' is (finally) coming soon.


The songs have lyrics like "happy without you," and \201cyou’re so embarrassing."


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.