Getty Images (4)
These celebrity duos have us doing a double take! Some of Hollywood’s biggest stars actually look so much alike that it’s hard to not mistake them as twins.
Lucy Hale, for one, actually gets mistaken for a ton of celebrities. It’s no secret the Pretty Little Liars alum has a striking resemblance to both Sarah Hyland and Maia Mitchell, but fans sometimes think the actress is Selena Gomez!
“When I was younger, it was a lot of Selena Gomez, during her Wizards of Waverly Place days,” Lucy told Insider in April 2018. “Usually, I would correct them, but I remember there was this one time, it was this older lady in an airport, and she was like, ‘Can I get a picture with you?’ I thought that she thought I was Lucy. Afterward she started listing off the projects that she liked of mine and I quickly realized that she thought I was Selena. And I kind of just went with it because I didn’t want to crush her dreams.”
On a separate occasion, Lucy took to Twitter and shared a story about a time someone thought she was the Disney Channel alum. “Someone was seriously convinced I was Selena Gomez today and tried to take my phone because they wanted to call Justin Bieber,” she wrote in April 2011.
When discussing her other lookalikes during the same Insider interview, the former Katy Keene star did say she sees the similarities between herself and Sarah. “Me and Sarah are both petite with big eyes,” Lucy explained.
Similarly, Bella Hadid revealed in August 2015 that she gets mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence “Multiple times a day.”
“Probably today it’s already happened like five times,” the model told Fashionista at the time. “They’ll be like, ‘Oh my god, you know who you look like?’ I’ll be like, ‘Jennifer Lawrence.’ They’ll be like, “How did you know?'”
While talking with the publication, the model said she met the Hunger Games star once and thought it was “so weird.”
“I met her at the Met Ball. I don’t even know if she knows that. I swear we made eye contact,” the brunette beauty recalled. “I had to shake her hand while we walked in … I don’t know if she did a double take or whatever, but it happened.”
These aren’t the only two examples of celebs who look eerily similar! Scroll through our gallery for a full list of stars who you never realized could pass as twins. 
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 21
Getty Images (2)
Fans think their smiles are identical!
2 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
The internet has been going absolutely wild recently over how much the Star Wars actress and the Riverdale star look alike. The former Suite Life of Zack and Cody actor even spoke out about the similarities. Taking to Instagram in a now-deleted post, he shared a photo of Daisy, which he captioned,  “Just a nice photo of me.”
3 of 21
Instagram (2)
Wow, it’s safe to say that Brad looks almost identical to Justin!
4 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
Fans cannot stop talking about how much the Stranger Things actor looks like the High School Musical cutie.
5 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
Zac and the Gossip Girl star also share a lot of similarities!
6 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
Lili and the Enemy star look so much alike that the Riverdale actress revealed via Instagram that she had mistaken a photo of Sarah for herself!
7 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
It’s no secret that Ed and Rupert look a lot alike. The Harry Potter star even played the “Thinking Out Loud” singer in his music video!
8 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
It’s seriously hard to tell the Stranger Things actor and the One Direction singer apart!
9 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
OK, it’s pretty freaky how alike these two look.
10 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
Lili shares a shocking resemblance to the late actress.
11 of 21
Jim Smeal/BEI/Shutterstock
People can hardly tell these two stars apart.
12 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
They may have different hair colors, but Jennifer and Bella‘s faces look so similar.
13 of 21
Matt Sayles/AP/Shutterstock
Fans are pretty shook over how much the two actresses look alike.
14 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
Fans have accused the YouTube star of copying the “Thank U, Next” songstress for years, but Gabi‘s insisted that it’s all out of love.
“I’m a huge fan of her. A lot of people misinterpret that,” she said. “I’m obviously very influenced. My makeup is so influenced by her. The extensions and all that stuff, yes, I am so inspired. Her hair is beautiful. She’s a very beautiful girl. I don’t want to be her, I’m very happy as me. I love my life, I love what I do, but at the end of the day when you want to see like, ‘Oh, what should I wear to this event?’ Or, ‘How should I do my hair and makeup?’ you obviously find someone that emulates how you look and has your style to get inspiration.”
15 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
During Camila‘s fan survey video with Teen Vogue, fans actually voted The Vampire Diaries star as her celeb doppelgänger, and she was honored by the comparison.
“She’s gorgeous,” the Riverdale star said. “Thank you.”
16 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
When The Fosters actress posted a selfie in April 2019, fans were quick to notice how similar she looked to the Pretty Little Liars star. And Lucy was just as shook about it as they were because she commented, “I thought this was me!” TBH, same.
17 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
Everyone is shook over how much these two stars look alike.
18 of 21
Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP/Shutterstock
Nina and Victoria are total twins.
19 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
Fans can hardly tell these two actresses apart.
20 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
Katy and Zooey look so much alike it’s freaky!
21 of 21
Shutterstock (2)
These two have the exact same smile!
Double Take All The Times Bella Thorne & Dani Thorne Could've Seriously Passed As Twins
Double Trouble All the Best Tricks for Telling Your Fave Famous Twins Apart
OMG 14 Celebs Who Totally Look Alike!
Seeing Double Selena Gomez Lookalikes
Double Take Some of Your Fave 'Stranger Things' Stars Could Pass as Twins With These Celebs
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved