By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  13:03, 31 October 2024   |  Updated:  22:16, 1 November 2024   
 86
View  comments
Hollywood stars are experts are dressing up for movie roles. And it turns out they are also pretty good at getting into character for Halloween.
Often the women go with very sexy costumes - think of Heidi Klum's Jessica Rabbit outfit or when the Kardashians posed in lingerie as Victoria's Secret models.
The men opt for gory looks with blood and guts, even popping eyeballs - many also slip into superhero costumes like Batman or Superman because one can never really leave their childhood dreams behind.
This year the celebrities seemed to have a ton of fun changing their identity.
Kylie Jenner, Christina Aguilera, Halle Bailey, Sami Sheen, Olivia Culpo, Selena Gomez and Blanca Blanco all had some very amusing costumes.
And Heidi Klum shared her new over-the-top Halloween look on an Amazon Live blog.  
Halley Bailey, Kylie Jenner, Sami Sheen and Nikki Lund all looked great for Halloween dress up
Jenner channeled Jane Fonda's iconic 1960s role Barbarella in a sizzling set of snaps she posted ahead of Halloween.
Barbarella originated as a French comic strip and was then adapted into a 1968 sci-fi movie directed by Jane's first husband Roger Vadim.
Now Kylie, 27, has transformed into the character with a skimpy new costume she showed off Wednesday to her nearly 400 million Instagram followers. 
She bore an unmistakable resemblance to Jane, from the mountainous blonde hairdo to the metal bra-lette with the attached cape - to even the fake gun.
In one of the pictures, she recreated the moment when Barbarella is asked: 'Are you typical of Earth women?' and replies: 'I'm about average.'
Kylie Jenner (left) channeled Jane Fonda's iconic 1960s role Barbarella (right)  in a sizzling set of snaps she posted ahead of Halloween
News broke in late 2022 that a new movie of Barbarella is in the works, with Euphoria bombshell Sydney Sweeney tapped to play the lead.
Jane has since revealed she is trying 'not to' think about the upcoming film as 'I worry about what it's going to be,' via The Hollywood Reporter.
She argued that the 1968 version made by her first husband 'could have been a truly feminist movie' had the subject been handled differently. 
Roger Vadim was a famous French filmmaker with a prodigious string of wives starting with Brigitte Bardot, whom he directed multiple times.
'He was incredibly sexy and he could charm anyone,' Jane told PeopleTV in 2018. 'I mean, before me it was Brigitte Bardot, Catherine Deneuve, Annette Stroyberg and so forth. And I was young and I wanted him to teach me how to be a woman - so he taught me to be a female impersonator.'
Jane, the third of his six wives, revealed in her documentary Jane Fonda In Five Acts that she was reluctant to take the saucy role of Barbarella. 
Kylie (pictured), 27, has transformed into the character with a skimpy new costume she showed off Wednesday to her nearly 400 million Instagram followers
Kylie bore an unmistakable resemblance to Jane (pictured), from the mountainous blonde hairdo to the metal bra-lette with the attached cape - to even the fake gun 
On Thursday she went completely nude for her latest Halloween costume .
The cosmetics billionaire was seen with no clothing on as she re-created the pose Demi Moore made for the poster for one of her hottest movies in the 90s.
The film is 1996's Striptease which costarred Burt Reynolds and Demi's daughter with Bruce Willis, Rumer Willis.
The resemblance was uncanny.
Just like Demi, Kylie wore her long black hair straight and down over her naked body as she looked tanned and toned with beige makeup on. 
Above the 27-year-old it said Kylie Jenner in white and Striptease in red.
Kylie went completely nude for her latest Halloween costume shared to Instagram on Thursday. The cosmetics billionaire was seen with no clothing on as she re-created the pose Demi Moore made for the poster for one of her hottest movies
The film is 1996's Striptease which costarred Burt Reynolds and Demi's daughter with Bruce Willis , Rumer Willis . The resemblance was uncanny
Striptease was a movie about a single mom striptease artist. 
When her ex-husband gets custody of their daughter, former FBI office assistant Erin Grant (Demi Moore) needs money to fight the legal case to get her child back. 
As a result, she takes a job dancing at the Eager Beaver strip club in Miami, where she befriends an imposing bouncer named Shad (Ving Rhames).
Unfortunately, she also becomes an object of obsession for politician David Dilbeck (Burt Reynolds), who gets what he wants through charm and violence - and what he wants is Erin.
This comes after Jenner channeled Jane Fonda's iconic 1960s role Barbarella.
Barbarella originated as a French comic strip and was then adapted into a 1968 sci-fi movie directed by Jane's first husband Roger Vadim.
Jenner also shared this image the was a re-creation of Demi during her striptease, complete with a $1 bill on her hip
Kim Kardashian certainly has a way of spicing things up on October 31.
On Thursday the SKIMS mogul shared first images of her wild Halloween costume that made the most of her size extra-small figure.
The reality TV diva was dressed in a skintight costume that made the most of her sizable chest and tiny waistline.
At first glance the ex of Kanye West may look like that creature from the bizarre movie The Shape Of Water or she might resemble the reptile villain from The Swamp Thing, but she is neither.
Kim makes it clear in her caption that she is an 'albino alligator' created by artist Alexis Stone.
Kim Kardashian certainly has a way of spicing things up on October 31. On Thursday the SKIMS mogul shared first images of her wild Halloween costume that made the most of her size extra-small figure
The reality TV diva was dressed in a skintight costume that made the most of her sizable chest and tiny waistline. At first glance the ex of Kanye West may look like that creature from the bizarre movie The Shape Of Water or she might resemble the reptile villain from The Swamp Thing, but she is neither
The 44-year-old SKKN founder shares a few glamorous portrait photos where her face is covered in white makeup but her eyes are nicely lined with dark powder.
Her tail is thick and long as it has spikes all over it. Her mani and pedi is fierce with very long, pointy nails that look like claws.
The diva from Calabasas also posts a snap of her getting made up in the rubber costume. She then shares an image of albino alligator props that look very real.
Albino alligators do exist but are rare.
There is a famous one named Claude at the at the California Academy of Sciences in San Francisco.
Claude lacks the pigment melanin, resulting in colorless skin, and he has poor eyesight associated with his albinism. 
There were two men painting her ample chest as she read a script
Christina Aguilera continued to show off her slim figure in a sizzling new Instagram album - amid a swirl of Ozempic rumors.
Ozempic, a drug meant for diabetes patients, has become a runaway trend among celebrities attempting to shed a few pounds.
The 43-year-old singer became the subject of speculation that she was using the medication after she displayed her 40lb weight loss at a Mexico concert in March.
Although she has not directly responded to the claims, she recently remarked that she no longer feels the need to 'give a f***' about the public scrutiny on her body.
She flaunted her svelte physique on Instagram Wednesday in a form-fitting Halloween costume that included a leopard print dress and sparkly fishnet leggings.
Christina Aguilera continued to show off her slim figure in a sizzling new Instagram album - amid a swirl of Ozempic rumors
Adding a touch of the macabre to the look, Christina also got professional makeup artist Lora Arellano to make her look as though she were bleeding from the eyes.
Her voluminous blonde hairdo was the work of Yuichi Ishida, whose celebrity clientele includes such names as Karrueche Tran.
Meanwhile her leggy costume, accessorized with sleek black sunglasses and an artfully aged boombox, was put together by stylist to the stars Chris Horan. 
Christina has been flaunting her trimmed-down figure on social media for months, prompting fans to swap wild theories alleging she is on Ozempic.
Amid the chorus of online speculation, Christina recently gave an interview in which she took a dismissive attitude to the public fascination with her size.
'I have a maturity now where I just don’t give a f*** about your opinion. I’m not going to take it on,' she said in the August issue of Glamour. 
Although she has not directly responded to the claims, she recently remarked that she no longer feels the need to 'give a f***' about the public scrutiny on her body 
Adding a touch of the macabre to the look, Christina also got professional makeup artist Lora Arellano to make her look as though she were bleeding from the eyes
Her voluminous blonde hairdo was done by Yuichi Ishida, whose celebrity clientele includes such names as Karrueche Tran
Meanwhile her leggy costume, accessorized with sleek black sunglasses and an artfully aged boombox, was put together by stylist to the stars Chris Horan
Heidi Klum shared a look at the making of her costume on an Amazon Live blog and asked fans to guess what she was
Model Elsa Hosk dressed up as Princess Diana when she was at the Serpentine Gallery in London in June 1994. The late royal wore a fitted black, off-the-shoulder dress with an asymmetrical hemline and chiffon train
Heidi Klum shared a look at the making of her costume on an Amazon Live blog and asked fans to guess what she was.
Model Elsa Hosk dressed up as Princess Diana when she was at the Serpentine Gallery in London in June 1994. The late royal wore a fitted black, off-the-shoulder dress with an asymmetrical hemline and chiffon train. 
Halle Berry’s iconic film looks were fresh in the minds of celebrities this Halloween, as Halle Bailey led the charge in paying tribute to the Oscar winner on Wednesday.
The 24-year-old singer and actress took to Instagram, sharing sizzling snaps of herself channeling Berry's character, Jinx, from the 2002 James Bond film Die Another Day.
In this 20th installment of the franchise, Jinx makes a stunning entrance, emerging from the ocean in an orange bikini with a white belt and a knife strapped to her side—a bold nod to the classic Bond girl aesthetic.
Bailey looked equally stunning in her homage, perfectly embodying Berry's spy persona and captioning her bikini snaps with 'Halloween 2024.'
Her tribute appeared to inspire other stars to join in, with Tyla and Coi Leray recreating Berry's looks from The Flintstones and Catwoman, respectively. 
Halle Berry ’s iconic film looks were fresh in the minds of celebrities this Halloween , as Halle Bailey (pictured) led the charge in paying tribute to the Oscar winner on Wednesday.
The 24-year-old singer and actress took to Instagram , sharing sizzling snaps of herself channeling Berry's character, Jinx, from the 2002 James Bond film Die Another Day (pictured).
Tyla channeled Berry’s character Sharon Stone from the 1994 live-action adaptation of the classic animated series. 
In the film, Berry’s character is known for her striking animal print dress, and Tyla’s modern twist paid homage to that iconic look while maintaining impressive attention to detail. 
She captioned her photos with a cheeky line: 'Well I’ve been a very bad girl, but you have to admit… I was very verrrrry good at it. @halleberry.' 
Rapper Coi Leray looked absolutely purr-fect as she channeled Berry’s Patience Phillips, the timid graphic designer who transforms into the fierce superheroine in 2004's Catwoman.
Berry's striking appearance in a sleek black leather catsuit remains etched in the minds of fans, despite the film receiving heavy criticism for its lackluster script and direction.
Despite the poor reception, Berry infamously won a Razzie Award for Worst Actress, making her the first person to win both an Oscar and a Razzie, having previously won the Oscar for Best Actress for 2001's Monster's Ball.
Back in 2021 during a conversation with Vogue, Berry discussed the iconic James Bond orange bikini, emphasizing that curating the perfect ensemble was no easy task.
'We tried on so many bathing suits,' she told the publication. 'So many bikinis and so many belts.'
In this 20th installment of the franchise (R), Jinx makes a stunning entrance, emerging from the ocean in an orange bikini with a white belt and a knife strapped to her side—a bold nod to the classic Bond girl aesthetic
Bailey looked equally stunning in her homage, perfectly embodying Berry's spy persona and captioning her bikini snaps with 'Halloween 2024'
Back in 2021 during a conversation with Vogue , Berry discussed the iconic James Bond orange bikini, emphasizing that curating the perfect ensemble was no easy task: 'We tried on so many bathing suitsSo many bikinis and so many belts.'
'We had a knowing that it would maybe, because it was in a Bond movie, become an iconic situation… something that would live a very, very long time,' the actor added.
Berry also claimed that studios were too scared to support a James Bond spin-off based on Jinx. 
Producer Barbara Broccoli and Michael G. Wilson lobbied for the character to get her own movie, although MGM were put off by an $80 million price tag, a decision Halle branded as 'disappointing' in a cover interview with Variety. 
'It was ahead of its time. Nobody was ready to sink that kind of money into a black female action star. They just weren't sure of its value. That's where we were then.'
Ice Spice is in the running for the best celebrity Halloween costume with her Leeloo from The Fifth Element look.
The Barbie World singer, 24, absolutely nailed the over-the-top outfit made famous by Milla Jovovich, 48, in the 1997 film from director Luc Besson.
Ice, real name Isis Naija Gasto, showed off her newly trimmer figure in a white crop top, metallic pants, orange suspenders and black boots.
She donned a short orange wig with bangs for the epic costume and showed off sass as she was photographed in a convenience store. 
Ice held up a multi-pass which is featured in the movie that also starred Bruce Willis, Gary Oldman and the late Luke Perry. 
Ice Spice is in the running for the best celebrity Halloween costume with her Leeloo from the Fifth Element look
The Princess Diana hitmaker recently sparked rumors of Ozempic use after debuting a very trimmed down physique.
She has denied using the popular diabetes medicine for weight loss and shared a workout video on Instagram to refute the allegations.
'We beatin them allegations bae [red-heart emoji],' captioned Ice Spice as her hit, BB Belt, played in the clip. 
A few days before that Instagram post, Ice took part in an X (formerly Twitter) Spaces chat to discuss the rumors.
'I actually came on here to talk about that real quick. Cuz I was like, b****, I wish y'all never learned the word Ozempic,' the Deli rapper said.
And she denied knowing of the weight loss drug saying she maintains her fit figure by working out regularly.
'That's one thing I wish. Oh my God! Like what even is Ozempic? What the f*** is that? Genuinely, what is that, bro? Like, you lazy b***es never heard of the gym?
'It's called the gym, it's called eating healthy, it's called being on tour. Like, what the hell? Maybe if I was sitting home all f***ing day, it'll be easier to stay big,' she shared.
Ice Spice's former friend Cleotrapa, 26, didn't believe her claims and wasn't afraid to share her thoughts.
'Imagine being called big by someone that was just big. I'm going to bed bro ozempic got yall gassed & fatphobic now? BET,' Cleotrapa tweeted.
Cleotrapa was the opening act on several dates on Ice Spice's recently wrapped Y2K tour but they had a falling out over chicken salad.
 Ice, real name Isis Naija Gasto, showed off her newly trimmer figure in a white crop top, metallic pants, orange suspenders and black boots
Ice held up a multipass which is featured in the movie that also starred Bruce Willis , Gary Oldman and the late Luke Perry
In a video, Cleotrapa claimed production refused to purchase her a chicken salad despite her being a member of the tour.
Recounting the alleged incident, she stated: 'The hairstylist shows me a menu and stuff and is like, "Oh production, whatever, they're gonna order food for everybody, pick what you want."
'I was like, "Okay, I'm getting the chicken salad just like you"... Then she shows me a message where somebody from production is like, "Cleo is not a part of the budget."'
'How am I not a part of the budget but y'all invited me on tour?' Cleotrapa wondered aloud.
Nikki Lund posed in a Halloween bikini.
The siren - who took in Shawn Mendes' concert earlier this month - wore her blonde hair down as she lay by a swimming pool in Nashville, Tennessee while modeling the orange pirate-themed swimsuit.
The size 2 cover girl from California added a silver belly chain in a shoot by Saeed Chalky shared with DailyMail.com.
The singer, who is debuting her new song Love To Love You on Spotify this month, also talked to DailyMail.com about her top three tips for staying slender during the cooler months.
'I have three rules when it comes to my lifestyle,' the ex-girlfriend of Richie Sambora told DailyMail.com.
DWTS fan favorite pro Witney Carson McAllister was with her family for Halloween; each member was portraying an iconic superhero to Trick or Treat in Los Angeles. While Witney dressed up as Black Widow, husband Carson McAllister was Captain America, son Leo (3) was Iron Man and son Jet (18months) was Spiderman
Vanessa Bryant was Maleficent from Sleeping Beauty
Alec Baldwin, his wife Hilaria and their kids did a Where's Waldo? theme in NYC
Nikki Lund has posed in a Halloween bikini before the spooky day falls on Thursday 
The siren wore her blonde hair down as she lay by a swimming pool in Nashville, Tennessee while modeling the orange pirate-themed swimsuit
'The top one is I stay away from carbs - that means I say no to pizza pasta, which is very difficult because those two items are everywhere, on almost every menu, you can't avoid them, and who doesn't love pizza and pasta? So it's a challenge.' 
If she does crave pizza she has cauliflower crust with vegetable toppings and low cheese. And if she wants pasta she uses squash noodles.
'You get used to the substitutes and start to enjoy them, to be honest.'
The Beverly Hills native, who grew up with Paris Hilton and Kim Kardashian, said her second tip is to stay away from sugary drinks.
'That means no Coca-Cola, no Sprite, no sweetened tea, no Frappuccinos, no sugary lattes, no Apple Martinis, they are literally wiped out of my life,' said Lund.
'These are what I called sneaky calorie drinks because they don't seem fattening, but let me tell you, some of them can be 600 calories each, easily. One can of Coca-Cola is about 140 calories. Have three of those a day and you are adding 420 calories to you waistline.
'If I want something sweet to drink I have a sip or two of lemonade, but not more than that. It's a treat like candy so I limit my intake.'
And her third tip has to do with exercise.
'I walks for 30 minutes in the morning, 30 minutes before lunch and 30 minutes before dinner. It's easy because I live in a beautiful suburb and I just wave to neighbors and look at the flowers on my stroll. If I do this three times a day it is an hour and a half workout that is a no brainer. Some days I walk slowly, that is if I am tired. But if I have more energy I power walk. 
Sami Sheen showed off her very sexy Halloween costume in a set of new photos shared to Instagram on Sunday.
The 20-year-old OnlyFans model was dressed up as a Victoria's Secret Angel, something the Kardashian and Jenner beauties did several Halloweens ago.
The daughter of Denise Richards, 53, and Charlie Sheen, 58, had on a white bra and matching underwear with a bare tummy that had a diamond piercing.
This comes after the budding model had a breast augmentation earlier this year.
And behind Sami was a pair of elaborate and oversized white angel wings as she wore her blonde hair down. 
Sheen was partying with friends like Kayli Elizabeth in downtown Los Angeles as her caption read simply, 'Victoria's Secret.' Kaylie added in the comments section, 'We hot.'
Sami Sheen showed off her very sexy Halloween costume in a set of new photos shared to Instagram on Sunday
The 20-year-old OnlyFans model was dressed up as a Victoria's Secret Angel, something the Kardashian and Jenners did several Halloweens ago
This comes three months after she got her new 'dream' nose after undergoing a rhinoplasty. 
Sami shocked fans when she revealed she went under the knife to achieve her ideal nose shape. The surgery will likely be a part of her family's new reality TV series.
Sami worked with Beverly Hills-based surgeon Dr. Deepak Dugar, who specializes in what he calls the 'Scarless Nose' job.
It's a closed rhinoplasty that involves making incisions inside of the nose so that none of the cuts are externally visible, and provides more natural results when done correctly.
Open rhinoplasties can sometimes lead to scarring on the underside of the nose, especially on the columella, which is the strip of tissue that separates the nostrils.
A scarless nose job costs roughly between $19,000 and $24,000, and healing can take as little as a week.
Speaking out about the procedure, Dr. Dugar told DailyMail.com that he took a 'finesse approach' to rhinoplasty in order to give patients the most natural results possible.
'The nose that they should have been born with is already there. I just want to refine it and bring it out. I don't want to recreate some TikTok/Instagram nose on their faces,' he explained.
Dr. Dugar estimates that the vast majority of celebrities who have had nose jobs have done so with a closed, scarless approach.
'I'm part of an 80-year legacy practice here in Beverly Hills doing celebrity nose jobs and I can tell you that most celebrity rhinoplasty is closed scarless rhinoplasty because of the discretion,' he explained.
The daughter of Denise Richards, 53, and Charlie Sheen , 58, had on a white bra and matching underwear with a bare tummy after getting breast augmentation earlier this year
And behind her she was modeling a pair of elaborate and oversized angel wings as she wore her blonde hair down
Sheen was partying with friends like Kayli Elizabeth in downtown Los Angeles as her caption read simply, 'Victoria's Secret.' Kaylie added in the comments section, 'We hot'
'They don't want people to know they had a nose job. There's still a taboo and a stigma no matter who you are. They want very natural results that look like it could have been what they were born with,' he continued.
'The cookie cutter, TikTok, Instagram, Turkish upturned nose job, the "Barbie nose" as they call it, everyone knows you can't really be born with that.
'So it's kind of like extremely white veneers. It's almost like a status symbol, but everyone knows those are fake. And so the problem is, if you're a very elite actor or a celebrity, you don't want people to know that you have a fake nose. You want to look as good as possible, of course, but you want to look very natural.'
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco debuted their first couple's costume Saturday night, just days before Halloween.
The 32-year-old singer and the 36-year-old music producer started dating in mid-2023 but did not go public until that December, after Halloween.
Now, with their romance flourishing in front of the eyes of the world, Selena proudly posted her and Benny's coordinated Halloween looks.
In a charming album posted to Instagram, Selena could be seen dressed as Alice In Wonderland while Benny transformed into the Mad Hatter.
Several of the snaps showed Selena sitting on a sofa, legs akimbo, as Benny stood on top of the cushions beside her wearing a zany expression that fit his character.
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco debuted their first couple's costume Saturday night, just days before Halloween - Alice In Wonderland and the Mad Hatter 
Echoing one of Alice's famous lines, Selena wrote in her caption: 'Curiouser and curiouser..,' leaving fans in no doubt as to the inspiration for her costume.
Meanwhile Benny leapt into the comments to rib himself: 'my prosthetics r giving handsome squidward meets longlegs.' 
Selena also took the show to her Insta Stories, posting a solo snap of herself dressed as Lewis Carroll's most famous literary creation.
The costume comes two months after she set off an avalanche of engagement rumors with the mirror selfie that had the heart emoji over her left hand ring finger.
She snapped the picture in the bathroom, where Benny, a successful music producer, could be spotted behind her in an undershirt and floral trousers.
Selena shared the picture shortly after the popular gossip page DeuxMoi posted a tip that the former Disney Channel star 'got engaged' earlier this month while 'surrounded by friends at their usual beach house hang out.'
However, more recently, she has been spotted with her left hand fourth finger bare at various events to promote her new movie Emilia Perez.
The Spanish-language comedy, also starring Zoe Saldana and Edgar Ramirez, is led by Karla Sofía Gascón, playing a cartel leader who pretends to die in order to undergo a gender transition into a woman. 
Echoing one of Alice's famous lines, Selena wrote in her caption: 'Curiouser and curiouser..,' leaving fans in no doubt as to the inspiration for her costume
Now, with their romance flourishing in front of the eyes of the world, Selena proudly posted her and Benny's coordinated Halloween looks
Selena has publicly described Benny as the 'love of my life' and divulged that she was one who said: 'I love you' first in the relationship. 
The Only Murders In The Building star went public with Benny in December 2023, revealing that they had been secretly dating for six months.
Earlier this year a source disclosed that Selena felt 'ready to settle down' and feels that she 'has found the love of her life' in Benny.
'He makes her feel secure and happy. They both think they’ve found the person they’ll be with forever,' the insider told Us Weekly.
'She definitely sees this relationship going the distance,' the source added, noting that her 'friends and family' are also enthusiastic about the match.
Anne Hathaway is ready for Halloween and she's in the spooky spirit to show it.
The Princess Diaries star, 41 — who a Hollywood hairstylist claims is worse to work with than Blake Lively — took to Instagram to share stunning selfies while looking unrecognizable in a blonde wig and eerie makeup.
On Friday, she modeled a unique Lady Liberty costume, including a DIY 'Boo York City' T-shirt, a short bleach blonde bob wig and the monument's famous crown.
She leveled up her look with pale toned makeup, dark undereye circles, deep velvet colored lipstick and sharp eyeliner.
'Boo York City,' she captioned the carousel of photos along with various Halloween themed emojis.
Anne Hathaway took to Instagram to share stunning selfies while looking unrecognizable in a blonde wig and eerie makeup
She also threw on a leather jacket and tied a gray scarf around her neck and shared a video of herself enjoying the evening. 
Her post was a hit with her 35.3M followers, racking up over 780K likes and hundreds of comments from fans praising that starlet for her unique take on the iconic Statue of Liberty. 
It earned a like from Italian socialite Donatella Versace who also commented a series of grey hearts.
'you're the only one who could scare me and i wouldn't care,' one top comment read.
'you could haunt me any day or night,' another added. One supported chimed in, 'Try harder next time: you're still adorable.'
Hathaway's hair-raising Halloween costume comes days after she revealed she is returning for the third installment of Disney's Princess Diaries franchise.
The starlet took to Instagram to confirm the news, sharing clips from the film alongside her counting down to the announcement. 
'Miracles happen,' she penned to fans. 'Back to Genovia with @adeleblim @disney @somewherepictures. The fairy tale continues.' 
However, Julie Andrews has already confirmed she would not be reprising her role as Queen Clarisse Renaldi.
The Grammy winner told Access Hollywood, 'It was talked about very shortly after two [The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement] came out, but it's now how many years since then? And I am that much older and Annie the princess, or queen, is so much older.'
She also told The Hollywood Reporter: 'I think it would be too late to do it now. Especially me, it's too far down the line now to go back to it. It's a lovely thought, but I don't think it would probably be possible.'
On Friday, she modeled a unique Lady Liberty costume, including a DIY 'Boo York City' T-shirt, a short bleach blonde bob wig and the monument's crown
Khloé Kardashian, 40, threw her annual 'cousin's pumpkin party' at her $17million Hidden Hills, California mansion over the weekend. 
Her mother Kris Jenner got into the spirit of Halloween for the festive bash in a Snow White costume that fit her perfectly.
The momager, 68, looked decades younger than her age and has the exact right complexion and hair color to pull off the beloved Disney character.
Khloé – who recently took her kids to Disneyland – shared a pic with her mother on her Instagram Stories and captioned it, 'My mom showed up at Snow White! I thought one of my sisters hired a Disney Princess but no.. it was @krisjenner!!!
Kris was the doting grandmother getting into the fun of the party with all of the kids. 
Khloé Kardashian, 40, threw her annual 'cousin's pumpkin party' at her $17 million Hidden Hills, California mansion over the weekend
On another photo of Jenner as Snow White, Khloé wrote, 'The fact that she came to our pumpkin party as Snow White.
'Mom I love you so much. You're insane and I'm obsessed with you,' she gushed. 
Per Kardashian tradition, Khloé went all out decorating for the event with tons of pumpkins, massive balloon arches and every kid's favorite thing – a slime-making station. 
The slime-making station was located at the arts and crafts table where the kids could also decorate pumpkins and 'spooky' gingerbread houses and paint canvases to take home.
'Slime is always at our parties and the kids never get tired of it. We always try to incorporate new stuff, but slime wins every time… right, True?' she asked her daughter in one video.
Kardashian also gave a shoutout to Mr. Jack O'Lantern, a popular pumpkin patch for providing the pumpkins for her party.
'Who knew pumpkins came in so many different colors,' she wrote on one picture.
The Good American founder also provided an array of sweet treats for the party guests including cupcakes, cake pops, candy apples, mini donuts, Rice Krispies and cookies from the Cake Gourmet Sugar Service.
Her mother Kris Jenner, 68, got into the spirit of Halloween for the festive bash in a Snow White costume that fit her perfectly
The momager looked decades younger than her age and has the exact right complexion and hair color to pull off the beloved Disney character
Kris was the doting grandmother getting into the fun of the party with all of the kids
Brunette bombshell Blanca Blanco has posed in a cute Halloween costume in images shared exclusively to DailyMail.com.
The Finding Nicole actress was dressed up as Sailor Moon, a Japanese manga character written and illustrated by Naoko Takeuchi.
The wonder from Washington state had on a sailor-inspired bikini that flashed her abs while on the beach in Malibu.
The suit was white and blue with a red bow in front. The red carpet fixture wore her dark hair down and had on plum-toned makeup in a shoot by Filip Shobot for DailyMail.com.
Blanca also spoke with DailyMail.com about how she has lost 5lbs thanks to a diet trick which she does daily.
Every day before lunch and dinner she eats an apple, which cuts down on her hunger cravings. 'I read that Christie Brinkley does this and I thought it was so smart to have fruit before a meal so I tried it and it works,' Blanca told DailyMail.com.
Brunette bombshell Blanca Blanco has posed in a cute Halloween costume. The Finding Nicole actress was dressed up as Sailor Moon, a Japanese manga character written and illustrated by Naoko Takeuchi
The wonder from Washington state had on a sailor-inspired bikini that flashed her abs while on the beach in Malibu
'I actually don't eat the entire apple, just half of it. It is great because it's refreshing and cuts down on hunger cravings.' 
Eating apples can help with weight loss because they are high in fiber and low in calories, which can promote feelings of fullness and reduce calorie intake.
A medium-sized apple contains about 4.4 grams of fiber, which is about one-fifth of the recommended daily amount. Fiber can help with digestion and promote a feeling of fullness.
Sailor Moon was originally serialized in Kodansha's shōjo manga magazine Nakayoshi from 1991 to 1997; the 60 individual chapters, along with several side stories, were compiled in 18 volumes.
Blanca has been a fan of the animation for years.
This comes after she attended the LA premiere for the Oscar-buzzed film Emilia Perez.
Star Zoe Saldana told Blanco there was a lot of 'excitement' around the gritty film Emilia Perez - about a Mexican drug dealer who changes their gender - and she is thrilled about it, in a DailyMail.com exclusive.
'The performances were excellent and so powerful performances,' Blanca told DailyMail.com after seeing the movie. 'And the film offers so much, it is really boundary-pushing.
'Zoe is being talked about for an Oscar nomination and I can see why. She really does it all, sings, dances, and speaks in both English and Spanish.'
Blanca also posed with the main star of the film, Karla Sofía Gascón. 'I love being a part of this amazing cast, I loved the experience,' gushed Karla to Blanca. 'These women are brilliant.'
The suit was white and blue with a red bow in front. The red carpet fixture wore her dark hair down and had on plum-toned makeup in a shoot by Filip Shobot
Blanca also spoke with DailyMail.com how she has lost 5lbs thanks to a diet trick which she does daily
Olivia Culpo went big this Halloween by teaming up with husband Christian McCaffrey for an epic couples costume.
The model, 32, and the NFL star, 28, dressed up as Dorothy and Hickory, a farmhand otherwise known as the Tin Man, from the beloved 1939 film The Wizard Of Oz.
They wore their outfits to a pre-Halloween party, where Culpo reunited with her fellow 49ers WAGs. 
'We're off to see the wizard !' captioned Culpo, who eagerly shared photos of herself and McCaffrey in their outfits to Instagram.
Fully dressed up, the couple posed in the living room of their California home with their beloved pup Oliver Sprinkles, who played the role of Dorothy's dog Toto.
Olivia Culpo partied it up at a pre-Halloween bash with fellow 49ers WAGs (L-R) Kristin Juszczyk, Sarah Taylor and Claire Kittle
For the occasion, the model, 32, and her NFL star husband Christian McCaffret, dressed up as Dorothy and Hickory, a farmhand otherwise known as the Tin Man, from The Wizard Of Oz
Culpo opted for a sexier version of Dorothy's classic look.
She modeled a short version of the character's famous blue and white gingham dress.
The Cranston, Rhode Island native would also add a number of little red bows on the classic number and matched it with a white lace top, that she wore off-the-shoulder.
The Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue stunner also sported Dorothy's long pigtails and famous red ruby slippers.
Instead of a designer purse, Olivia carried Toto's brown whicker basket.
Camila Cabello, 27, got into the Halloween spirit in a dramatic cabaret dancer look.
It featured a bedazzled blue and silver bra and matching hot pants, as well as a unique feather headpiece.
Camila Cabello, 27, got into the Halloween spirit in a dramatic cabaret dancer look as she hosted BACARDÍ Rum’s 'Full Moon' Halloween bash. It featured a bedazzled blue and silver bra and matching hot pants, as well as a unique feather headpiece
'Cabaret Tropicana dancer in Havana, Cuba in the 1950’s. one Cuba Libre for a Cuba libre @bacardi #bacardipartner,' she captioned the post
Jennifer Garner recreated her 13 Going On 30 look for Halloween 
Gwen Stefani rocked a bloody Western look alongside her husband Blake Shelton 
Kendall Jenner and Hailey Bieber went as Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie from The Simple Life
Kelly Ripa and her husband Mark Consuelos dressed as Beetlejuice characters 
Sabrina Carpenter donned a sexy Playboy costume 
Jennifer Garner delighted fans in her iconic 13 Going On 30 dress.
Gwen Stefani sported a bloodied Western look as she posed beside her husband Blake Shelton, who wore a Wienerschnitzel hat.
Later Gwen shared a Disney-themed video with her son Apollo, 10, that she shared on Instagram. The Spiderwebs singer, 55, was dressed as a pitch perfect Snow White as the camera zoomed over a bunch of sweet treats and other goodies. 
Kendall Jenner and Hailey Bieber dressed up as Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie from The Simple Life.
Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos went as Lydia Deetz and Beetlejuice on their talk show.
Sabrina Carpenter donned a sexy Playboy bunny outfit.
Irina Shayk made a very convincing Lara Croft in her Halloween costume as she was spotted out in New York City carrying a tomb shaped pinata with Jack Skellington on it.
Later Gwen shared a Disney-themed video with her son Apollo, 10, on Instagram
The Spiderwebs singer, 55, was dressed as a pitch perfect Snow White as the camera zoomed over a bunch of sweet treats and other goodies
Irina Shayk made a very convincing Lara Croft in her Halloween costume 
Irina was spotted out in New York City carrying a tomb shaped pinata with Jack Skellington on it
Irina even had Lara Croft's long French braid and backpack
Emily Ratajkowski channeled her inner Jennifer Lopez in the green Versace dress JLo wore to the 2000 Grammy Awards 
The dress featured a neckline that plunged to her navel and an overall sheer look to the palm front printed fabric
EmRata also did her hair and makeup just like Lopez's for an authentic costume
Hilary Duff and her husband Matthew Koma absolutely trolled their friends Nicole Richie and Joel Madden on Wednesday night
The Younger star, 37, and Koma, also 37, dressed up as twins Benji and Joel Madden, 45, for Halloween . 'Going as @benjaminadden and @joelmadden to a Halloween dinner with @joelmadden and @nicolerichie,' Koma wrote via Instagram Stories
Shawn Mendes dressed as a very convincing Ninja to hand out candy to trick-or-treaters at his Los Angeles home
Mendes went full Ninja with a headband, knives, black top and black pants at his spookily decorated house
The Señorita singer, 26, even pulled a few Ninja-like moves to impress the candy seekers
Lupita Nyong'o channeled the Marvel superhero Storm with her elaborate Halloween costume
Supermodel legend Christie Brinkley rocked a colorful clown look for her Halloween costume
Kaley Cuoco and husband Tom Pelphrey dressed their daughter up as a 'little unicorn' for Halloween
Bethenny Frankel rocked an iconic Wonder Woman outfit for Halloween on Thursday
Zoe Saldana lip-synced to one of Whoopi Goldberg's songs while dressing up in her costume from Sister Act
Kelly Rowland dressed up as Bluey's mom with her son Noah dressed as Bluey for Halloween
Emily Ratajkowski channeled her inner Jennifer Lopez in the green Versace dress JLo wore to the 2000 Grammy Awards that featured a neckline that plunged to her navel and an overall sheer look.
Hilary Duff and her husband Matthew Koma absolutely trolled their friends Nicole Richie and Joel Madden on Wednesday night.
The Younger star, 37, and Koma, also 37, dressed up as twins Benji and Joel Madden, 45, for Halloween.
'Going as @benjaminadden and @joelmadden to a Halloween dinner with @joelmadden and @nicolerichie,' Koma wrote via Instagram Stories.
The couple were dressed alongside a photo of the couple rocking Joel and Benji's signature black attire and flat-billed black trucker hats.
Shawn Mendes dressed as a very convincing Ninja to hand out candy to trick-or-treaters at his Los Angeles home.
The Señorita singer, 26, even pulled a few Ninja-like moves to impress the candy seekers.
They&apos;re not Halloween costumes, they&apos;re ...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group