Selena Gomez spent her Sunday night at Sabrina Carpenter’s sold-out Madison Square Garden concert in New York City. A certain video taken at the event, however, sparked speculation that she was single again.
After a friend in her group, Connar Franklin Carpenter, posted a TikTok saying, “when you’re married at the Sabrina Carpenter show but your friends are single,” some people online thought it meant Gomez and her boyfriend, Benny Blanco, had quietly broken up. (Franklin Carpenter has since taken down the post but has shared another video of her, Gomez, and their group enjoying the show.)
Gomez was very quick to set the record straight, posting an Instagram of herself dancing at Carpenter’s show and tagging Blanco in her caption. He left a flirtatious response, using lyrics from Gomez’s 2015 song, “Hands to Myself.” 
“can’t keep my hands to myself,” he wrote.
Earlier that day, Blanco shared a PDA photo of them, offering more proof that their romance is far from finished.
The couple has been together for over a year. Gomez recently spoke to Vanity Fair about how much she adores her partner. “I’ve never been loved this way,” she said. “He’s just been a light. A complete light in my life. He’s my best friend. I love telling him everything.”
She also shared that they feel no pressure to get married. “We always make sure we’re protecting what we have, but there’s no rules,” she said. “I want him to always be himself. I always want to be myself.” Whenever she does tie the knot though, she’s “not changing my name no matter what,” she says. “I am Selena Gomez. That’s it.”
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.