Cyber Monday may be done and dusted, but over at Amazon, great deals are still heating up.
The mega-retailer’s still the place to be for some of the biggest discounts on the internet right now, from top tech and beauty buys to dozens of Oprah’s “Favorite Things.”
Below, a selection of the best deals — including Kyle Richards’ workout must-haves, Bethenny Frankel’s go-to coffee maker and the secret to Martha Stewart’s glow.
Click to jump to a section: Beauty | Tech | Fashion | Home and Kitchen | Fitness
Score smile-worthy deals on the whitening strips stars swear by. Alix Earle’s name-checked Crest in her TikTok comments section, while Chrishell Stause and Paige DeSorbo have sung the classic product’s praises in interviews.
“I’ve used these since high school, and they’re the best things ever,” DeSorbo told E! News earlier this year. “It’s better than going to the dentist.”
Don’t move at a snail’s pace if you’re hoping to score this deal. Emily Ratajkowski posted the viral snail mucin serum on her Instagram Story back in 2020, while Ariana Madix started stealing it from her boyfriend this year. 
“When I would visit and stay over at his place, I would use it sometimes, and then I became addicted to it,” she told the Strategist. “I’ve been stealing it from him, and I love it.”
If you’ve been considering adding this to cart, it’s the perfect time to glow for it. Martha Stewart’s makeup artist, Daisy Foye, told People she uses this L’Oréal illuminator on the octogenarian icon “every day.”
“It’s how she gets that dewy look, like she just got a facial,” she added. “I’m obsessed with it.”
Oprah called the original version of this rich face cream “hands down the best moisturizer I’ve ever used” on her “Ultimate Favorite Things” list in 2010.
Hailey Bieber shouted out this tinted SPF in a 2021 Elle video, saying, “A lot of sunscreens make my skin break out, and this one has been my holy grail.”
Kyle Richards is also obsessed; she called the clear version the “absolute best, best, best product,” in an Amazon Live.
Orange you glad it’s not full price? This citrus-scented skincare appeared in one of Kyle Richards’ Amazon livestreams, where she said she “[saw] a difference” after using it, per Prevention.
Bethenny Frankel’s known for keeping it frank about what’s worth it — and this multitasking makeup remover, cleanser and mask’s earned her coveted stamp of approval. She’s featured it in multiple social media videos over the years.
Believe it: Dyson’s viral multitasking styling system’s still on sale post-Cyber Monday.
Everyone from Sabrina Carpenter to Jeremy Allen White‘s reached for it before red carpets, while Khloé Kardashian told the Hollywood Reporter that it “gives you that beautiful blowout look that we all long for, and it’s super easy to use.”
Eyeing Taylor Swift’s lashes? The pop star’s a fan of this volumizing formula; in addition to swiping it on in her “Miss Americana” documentary, she even sent it to a fan for “Swiftmas” years ago.
“I know the mascara name is ridiculous but it’s the best mascara I swear,” she wrote in a note at the time.
Stock up on Sol de Janeiro gift sets for less ahead of stocking stuffer season — including this trio featuring the firming cream stars like Dua Lipa and Selena Gomez adore.
Another royally good deal? This foaming exfoliator, which Meghan Markle handed out to every guest at her 2019 baby shower.
Brooke Shields can’t stop talking about this serum, which she most recently used on her iconic arches in a 2024 Allure video.
Score wow-worthy deals on the viral smoothing spray celebrity hairstylist and global creative director Chris Appleton uses on clients like Jennifer Lopez and Kim Kardashian.
Meredith Marks is also a fan, having called it a “literal lifesaver” in a Page Six Style interview.
Amazon’s sold over 10,000 of these new earbuds in the last month alone — and with Cyber Week finally here, it’s safe to say they’ll be flying off the shelves even faster.
Keep your stuff safe all year long with this set of Apple trackers, which Kyle Richards featured in an Amazon Live showcasing her travel essentials. 
Listening up for more headphone deals? Oprah recommended these earbuds on her 2024 “Favorite Things” list.
“They’re worn like an ear cuff — folks can still hear the world around them while never losing these. Genius!” she explained.
Jennifer Lopez stepped out in a pair of these heeled boots last month — and now’s the prime time to score some for the lowest price in over 30 days. (P.S. For more amazing Ugg deals, check out our guide to the best ones happening across the internet.)
In addition to trademarking the phrase “world’s comfiest thong,” Hanky Panky’s found fans in everyone from Jennifer Aniston to Cameron Diaz.
Kyle Richards has praised these leggings on numerous occasions, most recently raving that “they fit really well [and] make the butt look good.”
Score hot deals on these bamboo-based pajamas designed to stay “degrees cooler than cotton” for a good night’s sleep. Years after the luxe set scored a spot on Oprah’s “Favorite Things” list in 2019, Kris Jenner treated her entire family to custom versions for Easter.
You can’t get much more classic than Ray-Ban’s instantly recognizable Wayfarer frames, a hit with pop stars and royals alike.
Oprah is not alone in her love for this viral coat; Emma Stone, Lucy Hale and Candace Bergen all own versions. (Just be sure to apply the 20% off coupon before checkout to lock in the savings.)
“It’s flattering and warm, comes in sizes up to 5X, has adjustable side zips, and costs way less than it appears,” Winfrey noted on her 2019 list. 
Keeping your eyes peeled for the best deals on eyewear? Oprah’s lauded this brand’s frames on several “Favorite Things” lists — including blue light-blocking options like this one.
Save space (and keep your garments wrinkle-free) with this Oprah-approved travel bag.
Don’t sleep on deals on Eberjey’s comfy pajamas, which we’ve spotted on everyone from the Kardashian-Jenners to Selena Gomez to Jennifer Lopez.
Amazon’s Shopbop storefront is a treasure trove of designer deals, including this spacious Madewell tote. 
Another Oprah “favorite,” this deal on Barefoot Dreams just might knock your socks off.
It’s rare to find deals on Vejas — and especially on Meghan Markle’s preferred pair.
Score a sweet deal on this Oprah-loved ice cream maker, which the media mogul called “handy” on her 2024 list. 
Originally developed for a culinary school, this set of 10 knives clinched a spot on Oprah’s coveted list this year. 
Bethenny Frankel shared a snap of this portable upholstery cleaner on Instagram Stories, jokingly calling it “the season’s hottest accessory.” 
Another Frankel favorite? In a TikTok posted on Nov. 14, the former “Real Housewives of New York City” raved about this machine, calling it her “favorite child.”
Deals on Martha Stewart’s namesake line? Now that’s a good thing.
Alix Earle’s Black Friday Amazon picks include this top-rated mixer, a staple in several superstars’ kitchens.
Mix up your cooking routine with this Earle-approved Nutribullet, which boasts over 50,000 largely glowing reviews.
Jennifer Aniston became the chief creative officer of Vital Proteins in 2022, but she’s been a fan of its formulas for much longer.
“There’s a collagen peptide that I’ve been loving — I’ve been seeing a difference,” the “Friends” star first raved of the brand in a 2018 interview with Well + Good. “My nails are stronger and there’s a healthier … how do you explain it? A glow. It’s sort of that working from the inside-out thing.”
Aniston’s wellness routine also includes this sleep-tracking ring, which Kim Kardashian, Gwyneth Paltrow and Prince Harry also own. 
Take Peloton’s at-home workouts for a spin at nearly $200 off right now.
Kyle Richards let fans in on her workout secrets in an Amazon Live last year, dishing on must-haves including this 25%-off balance ball.
Yes! Many brands extended Cyber Week sales beyond December 2, but shop quickly before deals–and inventory–run out.
Right here, at Page Six! If you’re in the market for celebrity-worthy styles on a budget, luxury beauty and skincare for less, or gifts so good you’ll want to keep them for yourself, check out our expert-curated Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals for the best of the best.
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.