They can both make the whole place "shimmer." 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Taylor Swift's girl gang is legendary, and it includes A-list names like Blake Lively, Selena Gomez, Gigi Hadid and Emma Stone. Of course, this list also includes Laura Dern, whose friendship with the singer began in 2022 when she was asked to do a cameo in the “Bejeweled” music video. Obviously, the actress said yes, and you could see how much fun both artists had in the Cinderella-inspired project. Now, over a year later, the two powerhouses remain close friends, and the Jurassic Park star opened up about her “deep friendship” with The Eras Tour frontwoman.  
As Taylor Swift released project after project last year and went on her historic North American leg of her Eras Tour, her celebrity pals were spotted in the audience, including Laura Dern. That proved their relationship went further than a cameo, and recently, the actress shared just how deep their friendship is as she told People:
It's one of my deep friendships and I love and admire her so much.
Continuing to gush about the pop star, Dern spoke about what she admires most about her pal. The Jurassic Park star said:
To find a friend amidst the creative, and she's a superpower... She's incredible. So that's been really fun.
Isn’t that the sweetest thing ever? And you better believe this love goes both ways. When Swift talked about becoming friends with a lot of the people she works with and Dern joining the cast of “Bejeweled” on The Tonight Show, her excitement was infectious. She kept referencing the actress as “Oscar-winner Laura Dern,” and then said:
She’s the coolest. She’s so funny. She’s another one of I’m like ‘Friend, you are my friend now.’ 
Like Dylan O’Brien and Sadie Sink, who starred in All Too Well: The Short Film, and went on to be friends with Swift, Laura Dern was in the same boat. Last November, she was asked about working with Swift on the “Bejeweled” music video. During her chat with USA Today about what surprised her most about the collaboration, the Little Women star said:
Just that I’d meet a lifelong friend, which is a great honor. 
Overall, it looks like these two love each other dearly, and Dern loves being recognized by Swifties and sharing her appreciation for the pop star with them. And she’s not the only one, as many of Swift’s famous friends have opened up about what it’s like having a relationship with one of the biggest artists in the world.
When Will Reputation (Taylor's Version) Be Released?: The Clues, Theories And Everything Else We Know
While Swift has been friends with Selena Gomez forever, and we’re all well aware that the “Anti-Hero” singer and Blake Lively are besties, lots of other very famous folk have spoken about hanging out with her too. 
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
For example, like Dern, Deadpool 3 director Shawn Levy gushed about Swift, saying “she’s a very fun hang.” He also starred in All Too Well: The Short Film, and the two share a mutual friend in Ryan Reynolds. 
Along with Levy, and many others, Taylor Swift and Sophie Turner have become quite close, as the pop star let the Game of Thrones actress stay in her apartment during her divorce from Joe Jonas. On top of that, they’ve also been seen out for dinner and at a Chiefs game together. 
Many of Swift’s famous friends have spoken at length about how good a friend she is, and I think they’d all agree with Laura Dern’s kind words. Hopefully, we’ll get to see the Big Little Lies star work with the singer again, because they’re such a fun duo! In the meantime, I’ll be keeping my eye on that VIP tent at the Eras Tour to see if the actress shows up to jam out to the music of her pal again. 
Riley Utley is the Weekend Editor at CinemaBlend. She has written for national publications as well as daily and alt-weekly newspapers in Spokane, Washington, Syracuse, New York and Charleston, South Carolina. She graduated with her master’s degree in arts journalism and communications from the Newhouse School at Syracuse University. Since joining the CB team she has covered numerous TV shows and movies -- including her personal favorite shows Ted Lasso and The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel. She also has followed and consistently written about everything from Taylor Swift to Fire Country, and she's enjoyed every second of it.
Fire Country Season 3 Ended With Cliffhangers And Some Major Exits. Now, I Have A Bunch Of Questions About Season 4 
I've Watched Top Chef For Over A Decade, And I Simply Cannot Understand How (Spoiler) Made This Classic Restaurant Wars Mistake Again
What A Lip Reader Says Ryan Reynolds And Blake Lively Were Talking About Right Before She Took The Stage For Her Time 100 Speech

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.