By MARGARET ABRAMS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:30, 22 January 2024   |  Updated:  15:37, 23 January 2024   
 1
View  comments
Have you always wanted to know the latest It girl-approved brand before anyone else? 
If you're tired of seeing the same old designers across your Instagram page and want to spice up the contents of your closet, it just might be time to invest in wares from these up-and-coming designers. 
DailyMail.com has spoken to some of the best celebrity fashion stylists to find out the little-known labels that are set to explode in 2024, whether you're looking for beachy boho prints or jackets that scream quiet luxury. 
From emerging brands New York City fashion girls love to designers hitting NYFW for the first time, FEMAIL is rounding up some of labels you need to know about before they hit the big time.
The New York Stylist Liz Teich (above) wears a Toteme coat with silver boots (left) and a black long-sleeve shirt with the Kobi Halperin pin (right)
Anne Hathaway was spotted in New York City in a cozy $1,300 camel cashmere and wool robe coat from Toteme
Gigi Hadid stopped by Jean's for cocktails in a cream sweater, a leather maxi skirt and knee-high boots from Toteme
Liz Teich, who has amassed more than 420,000 Instagram followers as The New York Stylist, focuses on teaching her clients how to shop smarter and offers a closet refresh program. 
She told FEMAIL she thought that Israeli designer Kobi Halperin would be a name to know this year. 
'I'm predicting we're going to be seeing more from Kobi Halperin, especially since he made his debut at New York Fashion Week in September with his beautiful spring collection,' Liz announced.
'People are taking note that Danielle Bernstein of WeWoreWhat accompanied him to the CFDA awards and his activism against antisemitism.'
Kobi, whose pieces range from $150 for a blouse to $3,495 for a shearling coat, 'has been adorning celebs and activists with his Flowers of Hope pins,' the celebrity stylist, who has dressed Tom Brady and Ashley Graham, explained. 
According to the designer, each petal on the gold flower 'symbolizes our collective commitment to fostering understanding, tolerance, and standing strong against prejudice.' 
'As his collection is sold in most major retailers, and he's dressing celebs for red carpet like Danielle Brooks, I'm predicting we'll be seeing a lot more coming from this brand,' Liz declared, with the designs in Nordstrom and Bloomingdales. 
Another brand to watch that fashion girls already love is Swedish label Toteme, which boasts a whole slew of celebrity fans, including Anne Hathaway, Gigi Hadid, Selena Gomez, Hailey Bieber, Kourtney Kardashian and Ariana Grande. 
'Their coats have been the ultimate "if you know, you know" quiet luxury status symbol, in a slightly more affordable way than MaxMara,' Liz (above) said about Toteme
Liz adores the buzzy Swedish brand Toteme, which boasts a whole slew of celebrity fans, including Selena Gomez, Hailey Bieber, Kourtney Kardashian and Ariana Grande
'Their coats have been the ultimate "if you know, you know" quiet luxury status symbol, in a slightly more affordable way than MaxMara,' Liz said. 
The fringed jacket, which has already spawned knockoffs, retails for $1,130, while the equally popular shearling jacket costs $3,000. 
'Jennifer Lawrence has been seen in their camel coat quite a bit and just about everyone and their mom (including me) can't get enough of their scarf coats and T-lock bags that have been classic closet staples the last few seasons,' Liz said. 
'I think with sustainability at the forefront of people's minds, people are investing in their wardrobes more and Toteme has timeless, investment-worthy, and sustainably made pieces. 
'I'm predicting their twisted seam gray jeans will be one other brands will no doubt try to knock off and celebrities will be wearing this coming spring.'
New York City-based celebrity stylist and author Samantha Brown predicts that modern womenswear brand KZK Studio is on the rise, and wears the brand's blue sweater above
'Their quality is superior and eye for thoughtful design is unparalleled,' Samantha said about KZK Studio, which makes pieces like the black leather jacket and shearling vest above
New York City-based celebrity stylist and author Samantha Brown, 37, predicts that modern womenswear brand KZK Studio 'is about to explode' after flying under the radar for years. 
Samantha said the quiet luxury brand has a fresh approach, offering in-house appointments at their New York City studio as well as traveling across the US to sell their collections. 
'Their quality is superior and eye for thoughtful design is unparalleled,' Samantha raved. 'My clients always start with their incredibly fitting pants and add pieces from their collection to build wardrobes.'
While the clothes are built to last, they'll set you back a pretty penny. 
The rich navy reversible shearling vest is $3,250 and a cropped pant to match costs $825. 
The author of Dressing Up named New York City designed AKNVAS, worn by stars like Ariana Grande, Sabrina Carpenter, Rita Ora, and Jacob Elordi, as another brand 
Samantha said Cara Cara's 'easy shapes are perfect for women who prioritize style and want breezy, flattering pieces'
Samantha said Cara Cara has been a hit with her clients, who feel sexy and comfortable in the designs, especially because of the mix of fun prints and bold colors
Kelly Clarkson rocked a Cara Cara printed maxi dress on her talk show 
Dynasty star Liz Gillies snapped a selfie in in the Claudine Top and Soho Pant
The author of Dressing Up named New York City designed AKNVAS, worn by stars like Ariana Grande, Sabrina Carpenter, Rita Ora, and Jacob Elordi, as another brand 'that's working with fun, exaggerated silhouettes and bright pops of color that feel vibrant and unique.'
Additionally, Samantha thinks the beach-ready brand Cara Cara, with dresses starting around $425, is a feminine, flowy brand that's set to be huge this year. 
Samantha said the 'easy shapes are perfect for women who prioritize style and want breezy, flattering pieces.' 
Cara Cara has been a hit with her clients, who feel sexy and comfortable in the designs, especially because of the mix of fun prints and bold colors.
Samantha listed Rhode as another brand on the rise, because of the 'strong prints that feel modern and new.'
'Their tailoring is well done, with figure flattering styles and options for coverage - minis to midi length means something for everyone.'
New York City celebrity stylist and costume designer Brendan Cannon highlights bridal designer Manuel Tiscareno (above) as one to watch
Cannon also named Harlem-based designer Mimi Plange, born in Ghana, as one to keep an eye on - and Michelle Obama and Rihanna are already fans
Angela Basset and Serena Williams are both fans of Mimi Plange's vibrant designs
Former First Lady Michelle Obama rocked a Mimi Plange custom stitch skirt on The View 
New York City celebrity stylist and costume designer Brendan Cannon, who has worked with rock stars like Cyndi Lauper, Jimmy Page, Shirley Manson and more, highlights bridal designer Manuel Tiscareno, from Texas, as a rising sartorial star.
The second-generation bridal designer just launched ready-to-wear designs and showed at New York Fashion Week.   
Cannon called the styles 'unique, with such intricate details and fabrics they are true show stoppers.'
He thinks the designer, who's now based in New York City, 'will take the fashion scene by storm.' 
Cannon also named Harlem-based designer Mimi Plange, as a designer who's about to be huge - with Michelle Obama, Serena Williams and Rihanna already fans. 
Plus, the Ghanaian-American designer has a sneaker collaboration with Nike and LeBron James, making her approved by both all-stars and athletes. 
Cannon appreciates her 'fashion forward designs' and explained her spectacular pieces were just chosen to be in Angelina Jolie's new super exclusive boutique, Atelier Jolie.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group