Source: Hulu 
This week (August 13th), Hulu released the official trailer for the fourth season of its original Emmy winning comedy series Only Murders in the Building. Click inside to see what this season has in store!
In season four of Only Murders in the Building, Charles, Oliver and Mabel wrestle with the shocking events at the end of season three surrounding Charles’ stunt double and friend Sazz Pataki. Questioning whether Sazz or Charles was the intended victim, our trio’s investigation leads them all the way to Los Angeles where a Hollywood studio is readying a film about the Only Murders podcast. As our amateur sleuths race back to New York, they embark on an even more epic journey — traversing their building’s courtyard to delve into the twisted lives of the Arconia’s West Tower residents.
Season four once again stars Steve Martin (the Father of the Bride films, the Cheaper by the Dozen films, Bringing Down the House), Martin Short (Three Amigos, Jungle 2 Jungle), Selena Gomez (Wizards of Waverly Place, Hotel Transylvania) and Michael Cyril Creighton (High Maintenance, Spotlight). Special guest stars include Meryl Streep (The Devil Wears Prada), Zach Galifianakis (The Hangover trilogy), Eugene Levy (American Pie series), Eva Longoria (Desperate Housewives), Richard Kind (Curb Your Enthusiasm), Jane Lynch (Glee), Melissa McCarthy (Bridesmaids), Kumail Nanjiani (Eternals), Da’Vine Joy Randolph (Dolemite Is My Name), Molly Shannon (The White Lotus), and more.
Only Murders in the Building hails from co-creators/writers Steve Martin and John Hoffman (Grace & Frankie, Looking). Martin and Hoffman executive produce along with Martin Short, Selena Gomez, This Is Us creator Dan Fogelman and Jess Rosenthal. The series is produced by 20th Television, a part of Disney Television Studios.
The critically-acclaimed series returns August 27th on Hulu, with new episodes streaming Tuesdays. As we patiently wait, be sure to check out season four’s official trailer and share your thoughts in the comment section.


Now A Major Murder Picture: Hulu Releases The Star-Studded Official Trailer For Season Four Of ‘Only Murders In The Building’ + Premiere Date Announcement 
						was originally published on
						globalgrind.com



									Six Flags America to Permanently Close After 2025 Season								

									LISTEN LIVE								

									The Biggest News Stories Of 2025								

									Here Are Some Notable Moments Of Black Culture In 2025								

									Iggy Azalea Sex Tape Leaked [VIDEO]								

									What’s Happening In Baltimore: Top Stories You Need to Know in 2025								

									Wale featuring Rihanna "Bad" Remix [FULL SONG, POLL]								

									Cinco De Breezy Weekend: Your Chance To Win Tickets To See Chris Brown!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.