You'll be heading to Paris in good company, including Audrey Hepburn, Tom Hanks and Selena Gomez
We all love watching the Summer Olympics from the comfort of our home. After all, there is something so satisfying about seeing your favorite athletes competing for their country in front of a gorgeous, international backdrop, and this year’s Games are taking place in the city in love! To celebrate, we’ve rounded up the six best movies set in Paris that will transport you there throughout the city’s most influential moments in history. Enjoy them all!
Selena Gomez stars in this feature film that follows a small town Texas girl named Grace, who leaves her hometown to spend the summer in Paris instead. But when Grace gets mistaken for Cordelia — a British socialite — she decides to use it to her advantage. Now, Grace and her friends find themselves partying on yachts and falling in love, but only until the real Cordelia shows up.
This film is available for streaming on Amazon Prime Video.
There are plenty of classic movies set in Paris, but this one starring Audrey Hepburn and William Holden is truly a step above the rest. It follows Richard Benson (Holden), a Hollywood screenwriter struggling to finish his already sold script. To try and do so, he teams up with his new assistant, Gabrielle Simpson (Hepburn), to help him act out various love scenes. Not surprisingly, life begins imitating art and the two begin to wonder if their relationship has gone from professional to personal.
This film is available for streaming on PlutoTV.
Love art? Then this movie set in Paris is for you! After a murder takes place in in the Louvre Museum, investigators discover clues hidden in some of  Leonardo da Vinci’s most famous and well-known paintings that leads them to a high-stakes religious mystery. A fun and faith-filled tale that stars Tom Hanks, Audrey Tautou, Paul Bettany and more.
This film is available for streaming on Hulu.
The classic novel, written by Victor Hugo and set in 19th-century France, has been adapted into a musical! In it, Hugh Jackman stars as ex-prisoner Jean Valjean, who agrees to care for the young daughter of destitute factory worker Fantine (Anne Hathaway) while also being hounded by the ruthless Inspector Javert (Russell Crowe). The epic production also stars Amanda Seyfried and Sacha Baron Cohen, and contains many hit musical numbers. 
This film is available for streaming on Amazon Prime Video.
Having a rat cook your food might seem a bit unsanitary, but once you watch Ratatouille, we promise you’ll feel differently! In it, a rat named Remy (voiced by Patton Oswalt) gets the change of the lifetime when he finds himself working in the best kitchen off all of Paris. The only catch? He can’t been seen. A fun and fresh tale from Disney and Pixar.
This film is available for streaming on Disney+.
Want another classic Audrey Hepburn film set in Paris? You’ve got it, in the form of How to Steal a Million! In it, Hepburn plays Nicole Bonnet, a girl who hires a burglar named Simon Dermott (Peter O’Toole) to steal a knock-off sculpture that her dad accidentally sold to a high end Paris museum. But as the two begin to spend more time together, they start to realize that their hearts are also in the process of getting stolen. A swoon-worthy and fun tale.
This film is available for streaming on Amazon Prime Video.
For more entertainment stories, keep scrolling! 
6 Fascinating Movies Based on Real People
‘Goldfinger’: 60 Years, 60 Facts About the Third James Bond Movie
Kevin Costner Has Become the King of Westerns — See His 6 Films, Ranked
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Woman's World does not endorse
					the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
					where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
					hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
					also prohibited.
				
You have successfully subscribed.
Part of the a360media Women's Service Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: