Get FREE email communications from Fodor's Travel, covering must-see travel destinations, expert
                        trip planning advice, and travel inspiration to fuel your passion.
Save
Meet the newly inaugurated mayor of Funner, California: Martin Short.
I’ve lived in Southern California for more than 15 years and never heard of Funner, California. When I was recently invited to attend the inauguration of the city’s next mayor, my curiosity was piqued, mostly because the mayor-elect was none other than Martin Short, the legendary SCTV funnyman and scene stealer from Three Amigos and Father of the Bride who is enjoying a renaissance on the hit Hulu series Only Murders in the Building. I’ve always been a fan.
The truth is that Funner has only existed as a city since 2016 when the Rincon Band of Luiseño Mission Indians officially adopted the name for the site of Harrah’s Resort Southern California, the tribe-owned and Caesars Entertainment-operated property located about 100 miles south of Los Angeles and 60 miles north of the Mexican border in San Diego County. I guess I didn’t know about Funner because, well, the town was simply born out of a cheeky marketing stunt.
The idea was hatched nearly a decade ago as a one-of-a-kind way for the sprawling Harrah’s Resort to set itself apart from the pack of other casinos in the region. David Hasselhoff was announced as the first celebrity mayor of Funner, and the property was imbued with touches like silly specialty cocktails and wacky displays commemorating The Hoff, such as a bust of the Baywatch star made out of cheese.
I have to hand it to the Rincon tribe and Caesars. They’ve committed to the bit. 
After an original run by Hasselhoff, actor-comedians Rob Riggle and Jane Lynch subsequently served their own terms as celebrity mayors of Funner over the years, starring in commercials and making appearances at Harrah’s Resort. In fact, Lynch was on hand earlier this month to induct Short during the lavish outdoor inauguration brunch held at the property’s Dive pool complex.
“I’m sure some of you recognize me as your current mayor Jane Lynch,” the Glee star and Weakest Link host boldly told the well-dressed crowd, who were seated at tables decked out with flowers and feathers in various shades of purple, the signature hue of the Harrah’s brand. “I am thrilled to be here. I’m also a little sad and resentful that I had to come all the way out here to pass the torch. But as you know all too well from my reign as mayor, I am a giver.”
Flanked by a pair of showgirls, Short took the stage in a purple tuxedo and pledged to make Funner as fun as possible during his two-year term. “Truthfully, being here is a dream come true for me,” he joked to the audience. “Even as a kid, I used to love to play Cowboys and Native Indian Casino Owners.” He was handed a key to the city by Rincon tribal chairman Bo Mazzetti, and I felt like I was in some sort of fever dream. Everyone was in on the joke.
It was a little bizarre but admittedly a lot of fun. The inauguration also served as the premiere for commercials starring Short filmed at the 30-acre resort last fall. In one spot, he revived a trio of his iconic characters: cowlicked Ed Grimley trying his luck on the casino floor, unapologetic Hollywood interviewer Jiminy Glick feasting at the on-site Hell’s Kitchen restaurant, and train-wreck lounge singer Jackie Rogers Jr. jumping into a split on stage at The Events Center.
Before my arrival, I did not anticipate sooo much Martin Short representation throughout the property. His image was plastered on posters in the casino. There was a cut-out of him in the lobby. His recommendations were highlighted on restaurant menus. There are even a couple of phones marked “mayoral hotline” where Short will shriek prerecorded tips if you pick up. (“Ask for permission before blowing on someone else’s dice,” he warns.) It’s all Marty, all the time.
I suspect most visitors come to Harrah’s Resort strictly to gamble or float in the lazy river, not play along with a goofy PR stunt. Unless they’re comedy aficionados or something, the majority of guests will likely stroll past the ephemera on the way to their next slot machine or blackjack table. It’s not like Short is performing a residency. However, I’d argue the 360-degree campaign admirably creates a charming sense of place in an otherwise generic casino resort.
While staying at the property for a few days, I tried every dish and drink added to various menus in Short’s honor, including the Short Stack Pancakes and The Mega Marty, a pretzel bun sandwich stuffed with ham and Gouda. The cocktails each featured Short-themed flair: The Marty’s Motherland was a ginger whiskey made with Canada Dry in a nod to Short’s Canadian roots, and the Mayor’s Choice Cosmo was topped with a dissolving portrait of Mayor Marty. Fun!
From the Wake Up Funner waffle sandwich served at the Corner Counter eatery to the More Than Fun Fried Oreos found at Best of Cluck, a hilariously named fried chicken joint in the casino’s food court, I found each of the mayor’s Funner specials to be delectable. The most fabulous were the Pancake Short Tacos, a trio of three itty-bitty pancakes folded and stuffed with bacon, scrambled eggs, and cheddar cheese. It was like a Mexican McGriddle. Fun!
My absolute favorite new part of Mayor Marty’s agenda were the Short on Time specials, a set of quickie 20-minute treatments at The Spa at Harrah’s which can be booked individually or combined. Sure, everyone knows Short is entertaining, but who knew he was efficient, too? I did a circuit of the Fun Made Funner Massage, Stunner Facial, and Marty’s Mani. For someone who has never experienced more than one spa treatment at a time, I felt like a new man. Fun!
After the inauguration ceremony, I was invited to the resort’s Mayoral Suite for an audience with Mayor Marty. I thought I would be interviewing him. In reality, I was roasted by him. When I gushed that I truly enjoyed his Pancake Short Tacos at The Café, Short responded that he wasn’t the least bit surprised judging by the giant syrup stain on my shirt. I looked down in embarrassment. Nothing was there. For each of my questions, the comedy king had a retort.
“What’s your top tip for travelers?”
“Fly private.”
“What was it like putting on those old character costumes again?”
“Well, they had been cleaned.”
“Is being mayor here a stepping stone to a political career for you?”
“I guess I would like to be Pope.”
“Do your Only Murders castmates have an open invitation to visit Funner?”
“If Selena [Gomez] wants to come, sure, but she’s not getting a discount.”
“Is your pal Steve Martin jealous that you’re mayor of Funner?”
“Yeah. He wasn’t asked.”
“Do you have a say in who will be the next mayor of Funner?”
“Absolutely not. But there is impeachment.”
At one point, I asked Short if I could pose a Jiminy Glick-style question to him. As a former entertainment journalist, it was my favorite of Short’s many characters—and I’d encountered many real-life Jiminy Glicks in my career. He obliged. “Martin Short, you are on the spa menu, bar menu, and restaurant menu,” I sheepishly began. “Your face is even on the elevators. How much Martin Short is too much Martin Short?” He snickered in response to my impersonation. 
From my vantage point, despite not seriously answering a single question, it seemed as if Short was genuinely relishing his role as mayor of Funner. I mean, it’s not a gig where he just showed up for a photo shoot and went home. It felt like a ton of heart went into the endeavor. Ultimately, as much joy as the resort has introduced with its tongue-in-cheek attitude and over-the-top amenities, I must say that nothing was more fun during my trip than making Mayor Marty smile.