It seems it’s never been hotter to have a bob, but that doesn’t make the chop an easy decision. Thankfully, Selena Gomez continues to demonstrate how to skip the awkward-length stage when you inevitably decide you miss your long hair.
Selena Gomez apparently recommitted to her bob era in January 2024, arriving to the American Film Institute Awards with a bouncy mid-length cut reminiscent of the popular baroque-bob trend. And it looked as she went even shorter by the beginning of March, showing off a flipped-out version of the bob on Instagram Stories, though it’s possible the photo was taken prior to the AFI Awards on January 12.
Selena Gomez attends the AFI Awards Luncheon on January 12 in Los Angeles.
From Selena Gomez’s Instagram Stories on March 1.
Either way, Gomez’s bob is back to January’s slightly-past-shoulder-length. Many people think of that as the dreaded in-between stage—but not Selena Gomez.
In mid-March the Wizards of Waverly Place star proved that all it takes to keep a bob looking fresh at any length is volume and bounce. First she went for a bit of a Mad Men look in Austin for South by Southwest, appearing on a panel in a flouncy red dress, sheer black tights, and a black jacket. Much like her AFI look, Gomez’s hair was styled in a chic, bouncy lob, with the millennial side part that many celebs are keen on reviving.
Selena Gomez on March 10 in Austin
Around the same time she gave the look a bit more va-va-voom with a sleeker blow-out and a 2010s-inspired side bangs for boyfriend Benny Blanco’s birthday. Earlier this week Gomez’s bestie Nicola Peltz Beckham shared multiple photos of Gomez’s red fur coat (somebody please do a wellness check on Clifford).
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
All this to say: Never underestimate the versatility of a lob or the power of a round brush.
60 bob haircut ideas to try right now
The absolute best celebrity bobs
The ‘undone bob’ is the undisputed haircut of the season
Let's take a sec to appreciate Hailey Bieber's flawless bob
The ‘airy bob’ is having a moment
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices