By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:26, 1 October 2024   |  Updated:  22:30, 1 October 2024   
 41
View  comments
Selena Gomez has said she thinks it's 'distasteful to talk about money.' 
The Rare Beauty mogul, 32 — who recently showed off her sexy dance moves — commented about her brand's success when reacting to her billionaire status during an interview Entertainment Tonight. 
'I'm very grateful,' she said on Monday evening. 'I personally think it's distasteful to talk about money but I really am giving all the credit to the people who buy the products.'
She added, 'They’re the ones that made this dream of mine come true. So I’m really, really honored and just happy.' 
On September 6, Bloomberg reported that the multihyphenate is worth over $1.3 billion, putting her on their billionaires index for the first time. 
Selena Gomez said it is 'distasteful to talk about money,' on Monday; seen in September in Toronto
Since launching Rare Beauty in September 2020, it has skyrocketed in popularity with influencers and Gen-Z and is a 'vast bulk of Gomez’s wealth,' per the outlet.
Her wealth is also credited to her various entertainment ventures as a Grammy winning artist and lucrative acting career with roles on Disney's Wizards of Waverly Place and Hulu's Only Murders in the Building.
And she sees success with frequent brand partnerships and endorsements. 
The data company revealed that approximately 81% of Gomez's income deriving from her state in the beauty brand. 
Endorsements rank second with 6.9% of her wealth and touring at 4.8% respectively.
Earlier this year, Time reported that Rare Beauty is a top seller at Sephora and has continued to climb the ranks with growing sales each year.
In May, Selena fired back at claims she was selling her makeup empire once it hit a $2 billion net worth. 
'I don’t have any plans on that, genuinely,' the ex-girlfriend of Justin Bieber responded.
'I will admit it overwhelms me sometimes. I have this weird thing in my head where if I focus on the numbers, I’ll lose whatever it is that made Rare Beauty, Rare Beauty. I never wanted it to be about making a lot of money and that’s it,' she added.
Selena's comments comes just hours before Rare Beauty took to X to announce the return of Make A Rare Impact — a special fundraiser in honor of World Mental Health Day on October 10. 
According to the post, Sephora will donate 100% of Rare Beauty sales worldwide.
'The fund aims to raise $100M to expand youth mental health services worldwide. Let’s make a difference together! Shop online or in-store on 10/10 at Sephora for 24 hours only,' it read.
'I'm very grateful,' she said. 'I personally think it's distasteful to talk about money but I really am giving all the credit to the people who buy the products'; seen in September 
On September 6, Bloomberg reported that the multihyphenate is worth over $1.3 billion; Seen in September 
The data company revealed that approximately 81% of Gomez's income deriving from her state in the beauty brand; seen in May 
When launching the brand four years ago, Selena said she was 'so excited' to try her hand in the beauty industry and champion confidence for customers.
Her goal was 'to release beauty products that not only feel great, but also celebrate what makes each of us rare. These products aren’t about being someone else, it’s about being who you are, whether that’s rocking a full face of bold makeup or barely any makeup at all.'
Rare Beauty is known for its viral liquid blush and lip gloss products. Prices range from $3 for a lotion pump to $299 for a liquid blush collector's set.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group