By BETHAN EDWARDS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  15:46, 12 November 2024   |  Updated:  16:35, 12 November 2024   
 77
View  comments
Selena Gomez has revealed what her biggest ick is as she spoke about her dating life on Tuesday. 
The actress, 32, also discussed her first ever date with boyfriend Benny Blanco, 36, after he was shortlisted for Sexiest Man Alive 2024. 
Speaking to LADbible alongside Emilia Pérez co-star Zoe Saldana, Selena admitted her biggest turn off is people being 'rude' and 'disrespectful'. 
Selena explained: 'People who are rude. That is the biggest turn off for me. Whether it's online or in person, people disrespecting times and things like that.'
Zoe quipped: 'What gives me the ick? Just chronic consistent coffee breath gives me the ick. That's the serious.'
Selena Gomez has revealed what her biggest ick is as she opened up about her dating life on Tuesday
The actress, 32, also discussed her first ever date with boyfriend Benny Blanco, 36, after he was shortlisted for Sexiest Man Alive 2024
'Maybe it's because I just grew up in New York, so it was, you know, when you take the train at the early hours or really late and everybody's like super close. So there's no space. You're sort of smelling everybody's coffee breath. That's great. I was always like, "Oh God!"'
Giving a glimpse into her love life, the Only Murders In The Building star disagreed that 'dinner on a first date is always a bad move' as she admitted she 'loves to have one-on-one time'. 
Selena said she 'loved' her 'sweet' first dinner date with producer boyfriend Benny, who she started dating last year. 
The former Disney star said: 'I disagree. Why wouldn't I want to have dinner? Maybe that's why I was single for so long.
'I guess it depends on the situation because I love to have one-on-one time. I think I do better that way in general. 
'Even at a party I'll find the one person that will sit and talk with me and stay there all night. So I kind of enjoy the idea. 
'But yeah, sometimes being in a group setting and that kind of helps too. But I went on a first date with my boyfriend and I loved it. It was so sweet, we had a fine dinner.'
Zoe replied: 'But it depends on what you're eating. Like, I would never, and I don't think I've ever, ever picked, like, Mexican food or Indian food or Dominican food to have.'
Speaking alongside Emilia Pérez co-star Zoe Saldana, Selena admitted her biggest turn off is: 'People who are rude. Whether it's online or in person' 
Giving a glimpse into her love life, the Only Murders In The Building star disagreed that 'dinner on a first date is always a bad move' as she admitted she 'loves to have one-on-one time' 
Selena and Benny have been dating since last year 
Selena added: 'That's all the things I want when I'm on a date.'
It comes hours after Benny lit up social media after being featured in People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive issue. 
The Grammy-nominated producer will be included among a number of hunks in People's upcoming issue. 
This year's Sexiest Man Alive cover star — chosen based on their physical attractiveness, charisma, and cultural impact — will be announced on November 12.
After it was revealed that he would be part of the issue, fans had a mixed response. Some applauded the decision, writing, 'YES! He's redefining "sexy" with that humor and style!' 
'Can't argue with that choice! He's got the talent and the charm to match,' another fan wrote. 
'And people still wonder why Selena chose him. He seems like a great guy,' another noted. 'He's so Charming. We get it Selena.'
'He radiates kindness and warmth. It’s a joy to see him and Selena supporting one another. They both truly deserve love, happiness, and everything wonderful life has to offer!'
It comes hours after Benny lit up social media after being featured in People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive issue 
After it was revealed that Blanco would be part of the issue, fans had a mixed response. Some applauded the decision, writing, 'YES! He's redefining "sexy" with that humour and style!' 
However, not everyone agreed with the decision - though many seemed to think Blanco was actually the cover star, and not just featured in the issue.
'Selena paid for this,' one fan wrote with three crying emojis. 
'Benny blanco and sexiest man alive should never be in the same sentence,' someone else chimed in. 
'Benny Blanco is People’s sexiest man alive??? Yall I need 2024 to be over right now.'
'The jumpscare I had thinking Benny Blanco was the OFFICIAL sexiest man alive,' another added. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group