Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
E-edition PLUS unlimited articles & videos
Personalized news alerts with our mobile app
*FREE access to newspapers.com archives
Hundreds of games, puzzles & comics online
*Refers to the latest 2 years of stltoday.com stories. Cancel anytime.
In this second of two year-end episodes of Streamed & Screened, hosts Bruce Miller and Terry Lipshetz go over the best films of the year, breaking down Miller's Top 10 list and adding in plenty of other options to catch up on if you need something to watch during the holiday season. Listen to the discussion through the podcast player above and read more from Miller below.
“Wicked” proved there’s still life in big-budget studio films. But the bulk of 2024’s best still came from independent studios, streaming services and foreign filmmakers.
Does that say the business is expanding? Or has the capital of moviemaking shifted?
Take a look at the list and you’ll realize the idea of actors milling about a Hollywood studio didn’t happen this year. Citing high costs, producers used locations to cut the bottom line and produce the year’s best.
The list, in order of preference, goes like this:
1. THE BRUTALIST – Shot around the world in VistaVision (a process used decades ago to lend importance to a film), this was one of the longest films of the year (clocking in at three hours and 35 minutes and featuring an intermission). It accomplished what Francis Ford Coppola’s “Megalopolis” couldn’t – it told an engrossing story about an architect who had to rebuild his life after World War II. Coming to America, Laszlo Toth (a brilliant Adrien Brody) survives on menial jobs, then gets a commission to design a towering facility that reflects his own growth. Co-written and directed by Brady Corbet, “The Brutalist” zips by as turmoil threatens to hammer Toth at every turn. Luckily, determination helps him see the project through, brick by brick. Considering it was produced for less than $10 million (a fraction of “Wicked’s” budget), Corbet’s achievement is remarkable.
Adrien Brody plays an architect who reshapes his life when he moves to the United States in "The Brutalist." 
2. CONCLAVE – Choosing a pope may seem simple but Edward Berger’s account makes it every bit as exciting as a John Grisham thriller. Led by Ralph Fiennes (as the cardinal running the election), it slyly introduced its candidates, then let the very formal voting process comprise the story. One by one, frontrunners emerged, then fell only to lead to a conclusion that few could see coming. Stanley Tucci and Isabella Rossellini were standouts in a cast filled with scene stealers.
Ralph Fiennes stars as Cardinal Lawrence in "Conclave." 
3. EMILIA PEREZ – The best foreign language film of the year, “Emilia Perez” combined several hot-button issues in one elaborate musical. Directed by Jacques Audiard, the film let Zoe Saldana fire on all cylinders as the attorney for a drug cartel leader who has a dream – to live life as a woman. While making her moves, Saldana encounters countless “players” in the leader’s life, including his wife (nicely played by Selena Gomez). Karla Sofia Gascon, as the title character, crossed countless barriers while showing how important the quest was.
Selena Gomez stars in "Emilia Pérez," which hit select theaters Nov. 1 before landing on Netflix on Nov. 13.
4. SEPTEMBER 5 – Covering the Olympics is difficult. Covering a terrorist attack during the Olympics is almost impossible. Yet the men and women at ABC Sports gave viewers a window onto a world they hadn’t seen before. As terrorists claimed hostages at the 1972 Munich games, reporters scrambled to get the story right. In a day when hearsay is often enough for broadcasters to break into regular programming, this is the real deal – the way journalism should be done. Peter Sarsgaard was outstanding as leader Roone Arledge, Leonie Benesch was unforgettable as a translator trying to help Americans disseminate the truth. Director Tim Fehlbaum got the look just right and made us long for a time when ingenuity and integrity were key. 
The ABC Sports control center was a change maker during the 1972 Olympics in Munich. In "September 5," they show how journalism made a difference. 
5. WICKED – Popular. What can we say? Jon M. Chu did the Broadway fans proud with an adaptation that expanded the story (there are two parts – the second comes next year), introduced new characters and leaned into the O.G., “The Wizard of Oz.” While Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande were overexposed in the lead-up to its release, they didn’t let “Wicked” down. Their performances were ideal and won over a tough crowd. Even original stars Kristin Chenoweth and Idina Menzel got to be part of the fun. Don’t be surprised if this wins the Best Picture Oscar.
Movie musical "Wicked" is likely to nab Oscars for sets and costumes. 
Actress Mikey Madison, who stars as the titular stripper in the lauded new film Anora, talks with Entertainment Editor Bruce Miller about the movie's romantic moment, how she "learned" another language and the praise she's received for her part.
6. ANORA – Mikey Madison made a huge splash as a sex worker who amused the son of a Russian oligarch and quickly found herself in a pot full of trouble. The way director Sean Baker twisted the story made it impossible to ignore. As the Russians in Anora’s life, Mark Eydelshteyn and Yura Borisov were welcome additions to the American acting scene. Both brought new colors to the medium and let Madison shine in ways even she wouldn’t think possible. Three stellar performances in a well-written thrill comedy were more than we could ask.
Vegas seems like the perfect place for a wedding. In "Anora," Mikey Madison and Mark Eydelshteyn play a couple taking the plunge. 
7. NICKEL BOYS – After making a name for himself in documentary films, RaMell Ross turned Colson Whitehead’s Pulitzer Prize-winner into a cinematic original. Using some of those documentary techniques, he found a way to pull audiences into the story of two boys sent to an abusive reform school. The film’s cinematography was key; its editing connected the story’s dots.
Brandon Wilson stars as Turner and Ethan Herisse as Elwood in "Nickel Boys." 
8. SATURDAY NIGHT – On the 50th anniversary of “Saturday Night Live,” director Jason Reitman came up with the perfect present – a look at the first days of the revolutionary television series. Getting actors to more than suggest the personalities it created justified Reitman’s belief there was something worth preserving. Cory Michael Smith was almost too good as Chevy Chase, the show’s first big star.
Dick Ebersol (Cooper Hoffman), Garrett Morris (Lamorne Morris), Chevy Chase (Cory Michael Smith), Laraine Newman (Emily Fairn), Gilda Radner (Ella Hunt), Jane Curtain (Kim Matula) and Dan Aykroyd (Dylan O’Brien) in "Saturday Night." 
9. A REAL PAIN – Actor Jesse Eisenberg wrote and directed this look at cousins who go to Poland to pay homage to their late grandmother. While she may have been the only tie that bound them, she served as a catalyst for change in both. Eisenberg played the uptight cousin; Kieran Culkin (in an Oscar-winning turn) played the rebel. Both were exceptional.
Kieran Culkin, left, is likely to win supporting actor honors for "A Real Pain."
10. CHALLENGERS – Luca Guadagnino had a flashier film this year (“Queer” with Daniel Craig), but this was the more accessible entry. Zendaya starred as a tennis pro who turned to coaching after her playing days were over. Her friendships, however, made it difficult to choose one over the other. Mike Faist and Josh O’Connor played her potential life doubles partners and they kept the rally going throughout the film. Guadagnino tried a few tricks of his own and came away with a film that was both glossy and telling.
- Director: Luca Guadagnino
- Metascore: 82
- IMDb user rating: 7.3
- Run time: 131 minutes
Starring Zendaya, Josh O'Connor, and Mike Faist, "Challengers" follows the tense dynamic that unfolds between a tennis coach, her player/husband who is on a losing streak, and his former best friend and rival/her former lover. Told largely through a series of flashbacks and flash-forwards, the movie is messy, dramatic, and very, very sexy (including a highly charged churro scene). Critics have praised the stars' performances as well as the complex editing, which makes what could be a fairly basic story far more compelling.
You may also like: How much does it cost to win Best Picture? Breaking down the biggest and smallest budgets.
ALSO WORTH NOTING: “Dune, Part Two”; “A Complete Unknown”; “The Substance”; “The Apprentice”; “Nosferatu” and “The Wild Robot.”
 Bruce Miller is editor of the Sioux City Journal. 
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
“Mufasa: The Lion King” is an odd movie. Realistic-looking lions, warthogs, meerkats and whatever break into song repeatedly. It’s like a curi…
The two-day offer this Saturday and Sunday is intended to give viewers a taste of what’s behind the Apple paywall.
In the new series, Schwimmer plays dad to fraternal twins, Jayden Bartles and Sam McCarthy. “Goosebumps: The Vanishing” becomes available Jan.…
Notable television nominees include “Shōgun,” “Abbott Elementary,” “The Bear” and “Hacks.” Here's the full list of nominees.
The 2025 movie awards season is in full swing, but figuring out where to watch everything can be overwhelming. Here's some help.
In the acclaimed film (which won the Cannes Film Festival’s Palme d’Or), Mike Madison plays a sex worker who enters into a relationship with t…
In “A Real Pain,” Kieran Culkin is the cousin who’s untethered, outspoken and, often, a real pain to his more structured relative, played by J…
The film is told from a different perspective – point of view – with actors staring into the camera to tell the story of an abusive reform sch…
A treat for everyone who saw those early years, “Saturday Night” explains why some weeks are good and others aren’t.
Work smarter, not harder. That’s the message we get from “The Brutalist,” a sprawling look at one man’s life that only cost $10 million to make. 
Written and directed by Jesse Eisenberg, the film follows two relatives as they make a pilgrimage to their grandmother’s home in Poland.
Does a movie have to be long to be good? That’s certainly a case you could make with this year’s Best Picture Oscar nominees.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.