A clip from Selena Gomez’s upcoming CBS Sunday Morning interview touched on boyfriend Benny Blanco’s feature in People Magazine’s 2024 Sexiest Man Alive issue, published on November 11. The star shared how “proud” she was of her man.
“Yeah, that’s my man!” she said with a big smile when the issue was mentioned. She said when she found out he was going to be included, she was thrilled.
“You know, it was very charming,” Gomez said. “I think, for me, I am beyond proud to know that there is someone in the world that deeply cares about every tiny detail about who I am.”
Gomez continued, “And have someone support me, encourage me, inspire me and motivate me. It brings me a joy. And more than anything he’s just my best friend. And I’m really, really lucky so.”
For his spread, Blanco shared details of his relationship with Gomez, including how they wake up together and what he considers a romantic date. 
“I’m a real morning person,” he shared. “It’s my favorite time to spend with Sel, because we both wake up really early. It’s like our moment before the rest of the world wakes up.”
He then called the Only Murders In The Building star his “best friend.” 
“Every day is the best day of my life,” he said.
Talking about courting, Blanco said he “goes all out for every date...It doesn’t mean spending your entire bank account. It means being attentive and listening.”
For a perfect first date, Blanco suggested, “It’s got to be something insane because you want to leave an impression. The person’s going to be going out on a bunch of first dates, and you got to secure your spot.”
He added, “Everyone has so much work to do, everyone’s so stressed. If we can just sit back and forget everything for an hour to four hours—if it’s a good date, five—then things are good. Don’t you leave a date sometimes and you’re like, ‘Oh my God, what the hell? Time flew!’”
Gomez is apparently just as romantic. The music producer praised his girlfriend for her commitment to making special moments happen for them both. 
“We go all out for each other,” he said. “One time Sel was like, ‘Oh, I want to take you on a date.’ We drove somewhere and she had rented out a whole botanical garden for me.” 
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.