Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The season four killer reveal is a closed case. Much more complex is the murder set up for the Hulu whodunnit's already renewed next season.

							By 

	Josh Wigler

Contributor

[This story contains major spoilers from the Only Murders in the Building season four finale.]

	At last, we know who killed Sazz Pataki, and why. Sadly, there’s no time for relief, as yet another body hit the floor by the end of the latest Only Murders in the Building season. 



	In its final episode, season four concluded with the reveal of Jin Ha’s stunt man turned scribe, Marshall P. Pope, as the finger behind the trigger, and the person responsible for shooting and killing Sazz (Jane Lynch) last season. The motive: stealing Sazz’s screenplay about the Arconia’s starring trio, and passing it off as his own. Produced and released in the aftermath of 2023’s WGA strike, Pope’s role as killer stands in as a commentary on the power of writing and the lengths some will go to silence artistry, while also tipping a cap to industry veterans like stunt workers who often go unrecognized. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					'Wizards Beyond Waverly Place' Renewed at Disney		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Benny Blanco Made a List of "All the Things I Want" in Future Wife Before Selena Gomez Relationship		
			








	Pope’s role in things came into focus in the penultimate episode, which is a bit of a tradition in Only Murders lore. However, it’s often usually accompanied by a clarifying twist in the finale. Not so this year; Pope is the killer, and he did it all on his own. Case closed, simply enough. 

	Much more complex is the murder set up for the already renewed season five. In the closing moments of the season, Charles (Steve Martin), Oliver (Martin Short) and Mabel (Selena Gomez) walk through the Arconia’s courtyard and discover a murder victim, albeit just outside the building: longtime doorman Lester, played by Teddy Coluca. The episode ends with the big three outside, panicked as they call for help, with Lester’s lifeless body bleeding out in a red-watered fountain. It’s a pretty gruesome sight by Only Murders standards, leaving the door open for a charged investigation in season five. 

	So, who killed Lester? Yes, we’re already asking that question, as it’s never too early to start putting suspects up on the murder board. Heading out of season four and into five, we can take some big names and already put them up (and likely cross them off) the list. Examples include:

Jan Bellows: Amy Ryan’s original season one serial killer struck again in season four, providing us with a rare second murder in the building in the same season. However, immediately after sniping and killing Marshall P. Pope from a distance, Jan returns to police custody. Could she have somehow eluded them in time to kill Lester? It feels pretty implausible but at the same point, it feels foolish to rule out the one living person who has killed on this show and actually likes it. Besides, as she tells Charles in her final season four moment: “You and I are endgame!”

	










Cinda Canning: Tina Fey’s podcaster was completely absent from season four. Back in season two, she was the likeliest suspect on the board heading into the finale, only for it to be revealed that her protégé Poppy was the actual killer. After a full season on ice, could Cinda return to finally put her murder money where her murder mouth is? We still need to find out who the Moriarity of Only Murders in the Building is, and Cinda is as good as suspect as any in that regard.

Uma Heller: Jackie Hoffman’s curly neighbor is probably our next best bet. She has lived in the Arconia for as long as any other character that we know on the show. She hates Charles, Oliver and Mabel. And one could argue the podcast investigation in the first season led directly to her friend Bunny (Jayne Houdyshell) getting killed in the season one finale. If any single resident inside the Arconia has a reason to want these three people dead, it would be Uma. Why would she want Lester dead? That’s the big mystery…

Howard Morris: There’s one other member of the Arconia community worth looking at right now: Michael Cyril Creighton’s Howard. Largely absent from the action in season four, despite being a series regular, Howard is somebody who should always be on the suspect list just because of his longevity in the series. He was one of the very first suspects all the way back in season one and he should remain a suspect until proven otherwise while there is the question of a “Moriarty” in the building — although, if he is a killer, then he probably also killed his own cat back in season one, which is a pretty dark turn for the character. Darker than killing Lester? Depends on what skeletons the dead doorman has in his closet…

	










	Who do you think killed Lester?

	*** 

Only Murders in the Building season four is now streaming its full season on Hulu. Read THR’s interview with showrunner John Hoffman and interview with Jane Lynch on the season four finale.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Inside the business of TV with breaking news, expert analysis and showrunner interviews
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.