In a recent scene from her latest movie, "Emilia Pérez," Selena Gomez has stirred up some controversy among fans.
Movie buffs took to social media to criticize the 32-year-old actress for breaking the fourth wall by making direct eye contact with the camera during filming.
A video featuring Gomez surfaced online, capturing her engaged in a tense phone conversation while locking eyes with the camera.
People notice that Selena Gomez makes the acting crucial mistake and she looks at the camera while filming in Emilia Perez. pic.twitter.com/577Q8mIZ7t
According to X user @selenagchart, "People notice that Selena Gomez makes the acting crucial mistake and she looks at the camera while filming in Emilia Pérez."
@Heavenlyvibes01 also tweeted, "Oops! Selena Gomez commits acting sin by looking directly at the camera in Emilia Pérez!"
Gomez embraces the complex character of Jessi Del Monte in the latest movie, portraying the wife of Del Monte and a mother to two children.
It is inspired by Audiard's opera libretto of the same name that dives into the journey of a notorious drug lord seeking a transformation with the aid of a Mexican attorney.
There's also controversy among viewers after it became available for streaming on Netflix as of November 13.
Opinions on the movie have been sharply divided, with audiences expressing contrasting views on social media. Some viewers have criticized the movie as "one of the worst movies of the year."
https://x.com/netflix/status/1858253779889524928/photo/1
@vcdvsbs wrote on X, "Emilia Perez is one of the worst films of the year. Not only is it a portrayal full disrespect toward Mexico (especially with that ending), but a time it seems like the dialogues were taken straight from Google Translate. Also, the musical aspect is horrendous."
@Maxisntheree added, "You can tell emilia perez was not written originally in spanish and the person who translated did it literally instead of contextually resulting in some of the worst dialogue ever."
"Emilia Perez may feature powerful performances, but it's one of the worst films of the year: a bunch of non sense, some times even insulting ideas executed terribly, and with a disappointing musical aspect," @slythwalker_28 said.
Opinions among fans are divided when it comes to her portrayal in the film. Per @folxIore, "fuck it at least trump can't take away my right to watch selena gomez butcher the spanish language at emilia perez showing tonight."
According to @ChloeNumberIII, "i'm not gonna mince my words i want everyone involved in this to face some terrible consequences that if i were to detail i'd get ban off this site. Both the screenwriters, the casting director and Selena Gomez for thinking this is an acceptable way to speak spanish."