‘Tis the season for sparkle.
And whether you’re splurging on lab-grown diamonds or searching for something a bit more budget-friendly, Cyber Monday’s a great time to treat yourself (or a loved one) to new jewelry.
To break through the noise, we’ve scoured the internet for the best jewelry scores from the sales — from Meghan Markle’s go-to gold necklace to the two-in-one earring Taylor Swift can’t stop wearing.
Just call it a deal fit for a princess. Kate Middleton’s worn these dainty Missoma earrings nearly a dozen times over the years.
When she’s not dripping in diamonds from the likes of Lorraine Schwartz, Taylor Swift favors more budget-friendly bling from brands like Mazin Jewels, which is offering 25% off sitewide on Cyber Monday with the code CM25.
“I sent Taylor a bunch of stuff through her stylist [Joseph Cassell]’s team, and it’s just so amazing that she keeps wearing it,” designer Lily Nizam told Page Six Style in 2023.
Emma Roberts, Gabrielle Union and Jennifer Lopez have been spotted in this brand’s tennis necklaces, which look far more expensive than they are.
Save 40% on fashion jewelry at Kendra Scott, including the brand’s hero product: this gemstone necklace seen on stars like Swift and Simone Biles over the years.
Hailey Bieber, Alix Earle and Lisa all own this statement-making twist on a classic hoop.
This dainty design is golden like daylight. Swift’s been wearing it practically all fall, and right now, it’s 25% off with the code GOLDEN during EF Collection’s sitewide sale.
Love Hailey Bieber’s bubble pendant necklaces but not their four-figure-plus price tags? BaubleBar’s strikingly similar version is 20% off right now, along with the rest of BaubleBar’s custom styles.
Ana Luisa’s jewelry is an editor favorite, and we’ve spotted these sweet heart huggies on Florence Pugh.
Emily Ratajkowski wears these classic gold hoops on repeat.
Lady Gaga, Demi Moore and Sofia Vergara all own these cute-as-a-button studs.
Jennifer Lopez, Hailey Bieber and Selena Gomez live in Jennifer Fisher’s hoops. Plenty of the designer’s must-have styles are included in Saks Fifth Avenue’s Cyber Monday offer: $50 off every $200 spent with code CYBER24SF.
Jenny Bird’s puff earrings are a constant bestseller; Hailey Bieber, Selena Gomez, Shay Mitchell and Maren Morris all own pairs. And with the brand offering up to 50% off for Cyber Monday, now’s the time to secure your own.
Olivia Rodrigo’s been wearing her heart on her hand lately, thanks to this pretty Pandora ring that’s 30% off during the brand’s sitewide sale.
Meghan Markle’s such a fan of this necklace, she wore it three days in a row during a trip to Nigeria earlier this year. Along with the rest of Aurate’s inventory, it’s now 35% off.
For something a bit more budget-friendly, consider this Kendra Scott chain necklace that lends a similarly sleek look.
Zoe Lev’s offering shoppers 25% off sitewide for Black Friday, and we’re eyeing this ring seen on stars including Gabrielle Union.
Catbird’s delicate designs have found fans in A-listers like Taylor Swift, Meghan Markle and Emma Watson — and right now, they’re all 20% off.
Swift’s Mazin Jewels collection also includes this under-$50 ring, which she wore for a date with Travis Kelce last year.
Monica Vinader’s collaboration with celebrity stylist Kate Young was a huge Hollywood hit. Case in point? Dakota Johnson can’t stop wearing these statement-making hoops, which are currently 45% off.
Looking for more ways to get bejeweled like Swift? The pop star wore this meaningful pendant while rehearsing for the Eras Tour. Other famous fans of Awe Inspired — which is giving shoppers 30% off sitewide (or 40% off with orders of $400 or more) — include Sarah Jessica Parker, Vanessa Hudgens and Demi Lovato.
While Olivia Culpo’s Ring Concierge engagement ring might not be in your Black Friday budget, there are plenty of other (literal and figurative) gems to add to cart for less during the brand’s 30% off sitewide sale.
Looking for a design that suits royalty? Meghan Markle wore the ring version of these ribbed hoops to a red carpet earlier this year. For Cyber Monday, take 25% off all orders of $150 or more.
Yes! Many brands extended Cyber Week sales beyond December 2, but shop quickly before deals–and inventory–run out.
Right here, at Page Six! If you’re in the market for celebrity-worthy styles on a budget, luxury beauty and skincare for less, or gifts so good you’ll want to keep them for yourself, check out our expert-curated Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals for the best of the best.
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.