She dressed it up with a coordinating pumps and a dumpling bag for a stop by 'Jimmy Kimmel Live.'

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

When fashion civilians share clothes, they're borrowing from one another's closets. When Selena Gomez and Gigi Hadid share clothes, they're borrowing from the same Milan Fashion Week runway.
Gomez stopped by a taping of Jimmy Kimmel Live in Los Angeles on Wednesday, June 26, in a Versace look pulled straight from the label's Fall 2024 catwalk by her stylist, Erin Walsh. The dress subverted an office-ready black button-up dress with a white pointed collar, through a sheer neckline and sleeves contrasting a sweetheart, strapless bodice. It was Wednesday Addams by way of Harvard Business School: a little witchy, but also polished.
Selena Gomez attended a taping of Jimmy Kimmel Live on Wednesday in a black, button-front Versace dress and coordinating pumps.
If the dress looked familiar to anyone keeping tabs on Taylor Swift's tight-knit circle of friends, that's because it made its world premiere on another member of her squad. Gigi Hadid, who frequently spends time with both Gomez and Swift in New York City, debuted the dress in one of two looks she wore on Versace's Fall 2024 runway. Her styling was also fit for late night—just not on TV. Hadid modeled the dress with vampy, exaggerated eyeliner, leather gloves, and slit of the skirt opened wider to show more leg.
Gigi Hadid debuted the dress on the Versace runway this spring, with tiny black gloves and heels with ankle embellishments.
Gomez's take on the Versace dress wasn't simply a copy and paste from her friend's stroll down the runway. She added her own spin by pairing the all-black look with a leather bag featuring a braided strap. Holding it in one hand, it looked like a very chic dumpling—reminiscent of the soft, curved bag styles sold by Peter Do, Jil Sander, and Ganni. The strap, however, confirmed it's actually a more structured bag by celebrity-favorite label Aupen. "AUPEN loves @selenagomez and her playful take on wearing the sold out NIRVANA bag in Noir 🖤," the brand confirmed on Instagram.
Gomez added her own twist to the look with a black dumpling bag, featuring a braided handle.
Gomez has subtly shown her bonds with her close friends through her off-duty wardrobe over the years. When she's not dazzling on a red carpet or making official appearances for Rare Beauty, she's often cuddling up in a crewneck Reformation sweater Taylor Swift also owns. (Friends who get dressed together, stay together.)
Otherwise, Selena Gomez's recent style moments have gone heavy on the runway references. She spent the Cannes Film Festival in custom or off-the-catwalk looks by Balmain, Oscar de la Renta, and Saint Laurent, with a heavy emphasis on Old Hollywood glamour and shades of red, black, and white. All were paired with a red Rare Beauty lip, of course.
Those looks were all just for Gomez, but her Versace dress might just start a chain of famous faces trading the same piece. In case her dress stays in A-list circles, I tracked down versions of her sweet mini bag for everyone to shop now.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Gomez was all business in her Versace dress and pumps.
Halie LeSavage is the senior fashion and beauty news editor at Marie Claire, where she assigns, edits, and writes stories for both sections. Halie is an expert on runway trends, celebrity style, emerging fashion and beauty brands, and shopping (naturally). In over seven years as a professional journalist, Halie’s reporting has ranged from fashion week coverage spanning the Copenhagen, New York, Milan, and Paris markets, to profiles on industry insiders like celebrity stylist Molly Dickson, to breaking news stories on noteworthy brand collaborations and beauty product launches. (She can personally confirm that Bella Hadid’s Ôrebella perfume is worth the hype.) She has also written dozens of research-backed shopping guides to finding the best tote bags, ballet flats, and more. Most of all, Halie loves to explore what style trends—like the rise of emotional support accessories or TikTok’s 75 Hard Style Challenge—can say about culture writ large. She also justifies almost any purchase by saying it’s “for work.” 
Halie has previously held writer and editor roles at Glamour, Morning Brew, and Harper’s Bazaar. She has been cited as a fashion and beauty expert in The Cut, CNN Underscored, and Reuters, among other outlets, and appears in newsletters like Selleb and Self Checkout to provide shopping recommendations. In 2022, she earned the Hearst Spotlight Award for excellence and innovation in fashion journalism. She holds a Bachelor’s Degree in English from Harvard College. Outside of work, Halie is passionate about books, baking, and her miniature Bernedoodle, Dolly. For a behind-the-scenes look at her reporting, you can follow Halie on Instagram and TikTok.

Tina Fey co-created an updated version of an '80s rom-com and got Steve Carell, Colman Domingo, and more to join her.


The late Queen broke protocol when her grandson was unhappy about one aspect of his big day.


The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


She's taking the subtle approach to method dressing.


Her style is taking a turn toward the demure.


And she chose one of Rihanna's favorite pairs to do it.


She chose an all-leather look to revive the style.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.