"I'm very grateful."
Getty
 Best believe Selena Gomez is still bejeweled. But unlike Taylor Swift, she's not in her Midnights era—she's in her "joyful" era.

 Gomez attended the premiere of season 4 of Hulu's Only Murders in the Building last night at Paramount Studios in Los Angeles. She opted for a fun, glittery number for the occasion. Her little black shift dress reached just above her knees and was absolutely covered in sparkles. It featured bedazzled straps, which met in a 'V' in the center of her chest and a matching silver bow detail. She paired the dress with silver shoes covered in crystals, a pair of crystal drop earrings, and an array of matching silver rings. She swept her hair back in a slick low bun with a deep side part. Ever one to nail a seasonal trend, she threw on a black blazer later in the evening.

 Gomez was joined by her co-stars Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Meryl Streep on the red carpet. Martin wore a navy suit, Short wore a black suit, and Streep opted for pared-down elegance in a maxi black and white printed shirt dress, which she wore with a thick black belt to cinch her waist.

Getty
Getty
 Speaking to Entertainment Tonight, Gomez revealed that 2024 really has been her year. "You have this show, you have Wizards of Waverly Place, a couple of movie projects, your brand, a beautiful relationship—how would you describe this season of life for you?" the interviewer asked her.

 Gomez thought for a moment, then smiled and replied, "Hopeful and joyful. I'm very grateful."

 Her co-stars quickly chimed in to voice their support. "This is the greatest human being you could ever work with in your life," said Short. And, "We're very, very lucky to work with Selena Gomez," said Martin.

 The interviewer wound things up by asking the trio who was the "most demure on set." As her two co-stars looked slightly perplexed, Gomez replied, "I haven't taught them this yet. I'll tell you guys later."

Selena Gomez/Instagram
 Gomez may be booked and busy, but it does seem like her relationship with Blanco has brought her this new sense of "hope" and "joy." The pair have been officially dating since last December and have gone from strength to strength ever since. Blanco has gushed about falling for Gomez. Gomez's friends have voiced their approval. The pair have both said, "I love you." Oh, and they constantly crop up in each other's social media posts. Some fans even think an engagement announcement is coming soon.

 Only Murders in the Building season 4 premieres on Hulu and Disney+ on August 27th.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)