By CAROLINA PIRAS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:38, 13 January 2024   |  Updated:  22:55, 14 January 2024   
 74
View  comments
Meryl Streep and Martin Short were in high spirits at the AFI Awards on Friday after shutting down rumours that they were dating.
The Mamma Mia alum, 74, and the Three Amigos star, 73, looked closer than ever even after recently denying dating rumours.
The Devil Wears Prada star was captured playing around with her friend as she placed a hand on his face, while he blindly kept walking towards her with his arms open.
The Only Murders In The Building stars looked in their highest spirits as they were snapped giggling around catching everyone's attention.
Later on, Meryl and the Canadian actor were seen sharing a laugh as they sat together at the glitzy awards event. 
Meryl Streep, 74, and Martin Short, 73, put on a really animated display at the AFI Awards on Friday as they were captured larking about
The Mamma Mia alum and the Three Amigos star looked closer than ever even after recently denying dating rumours
The Hollywood icons - who played love interests on the most recent season of Only Murders in the Building - also posed up on the red carpet along their co-stars Steve Martin and Selena Gomez as they all looked in joyful spirits.
The A-list cast all sat together later and were seen taking a selfie snap, as Meryl, Martin and Selena, 31, were all nominated for their roles in the popular Hulu series. 
The Sophie's Choice sensation modelled a stunning purple blazer with the matching straight-leg dress pants.
She added inches to her height in a pair of nude, leather mules and also sported a pair of cat-eye glasses with a blush-colored frame.
She also sported gold hoop earrings as well as her wedding band — even though it was revealed several months earlier that she and her husband, Don Gummer, have secretly been separated for over six years. 
Photos of the actress and Martin looking cozy at the Golden Globe Awards on Sunday got fans speculating that the two single actors were dating.
But a rep for the Canadian-American comedian was quick to shut those rumors down, saying that they 'are just very good friends, nothing more,' per TMZ.
'Don Gummer and Meryl Streep have been separated for more than 6 years, and while they will always care for each other, they have chosen lives apart,' a rep for Meryl told People in October.
The pair seemed to be having the time of their lives at the star-studded event, bringing a lively energy to the red carpet
The Devil Wears Prada star was captured playing around with her friend as she placed a hand on his face, while he blindly kept walking towards her with his arms open
The Only Murders In The Building stars looked in their highest spirits as they were snapped giggling around catching everyone's attention
Later on, Meryl and the Canadian actor also sat next to each other at the table inside the glitzy award - as they were all smiles
The duo were seen engaged in a conversation, as they shared a laugh and also turned to the camera to flash a cheerful grin
The Hollywood icons - who played love interests on the most recent season of Only Murders in the Building - also posed up on the red carpet along their co-stars Steve Martin and Selena Gomez as they all looked in joyful spirits
The A-list cast all sat together later and were seen taking a selfie snap, as Meryl, Martin and Selena, 31, were all nominated for their roles in the popular Hulu series
For the event, the eight-time Golden Globe winner modeled a stunning purple blazer with the matching straight-leg dress pants
She added inches to her height in a pair of nude, leather mules and also sported a pair of cat-eye glasses with a blush-colored frame
She also sported gold hoop earrings as well as her wedding band — even though it was revealed several months earlier that she and her husband, Don Gummer, have secretly been separated for over six years
They share four children together, son Henry, 44, and daughters Mamie, 40, Grace, 37, and Louisa, 32.
Meanwhile, Martin was married to his beloved late wife Nancy Dolman from 1980 until her death from ovarian cancer in 2010.
The SCTV alum called his marriage 'a triumph' in a 2019 interview with AARP the Magazine.
'So it's tough. She died in 2010, but I still communicate with her all the time. It's 'Hey Nan,' you know?' he shared. 'How would she react to this decision or that, especially regarding our three kids.'
Martin and his late wife share daughter Katherine, 40, and sons Oliver, 37, and Henry, 34.
The series was renewed for a fourth season in October and Martin, Selena and Steve, 78, will all return for it. 
Photos of Meryl and Martin looking cosy at the Golden Globes on Sunday got fans speculating that the two single actors were dating, which they have denied 
The Hollywood icons played love interests on the most recent season of Only Murders in the Building (pictured on the show)
Meryl revealed late last year that she had been separated from her husband of 45 years since 2017
Martin was married to his beloved late wife Nancy Dolman from 1980 until her death from ovarian cancer in 2010 (pictured in 1992)
The comedian reacted to the popularity of the series in an interview with People, saying: 'I don't think you ever really expect it, so it's a nice surprise when it happens. 
'I am thrilled to be in an undeniable hit show—and to be working with my friend that I would hang out with anyway.'  
Martin and Steve have been friends for 36 years. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group