By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and JOANNA CRAWLEY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  02:19, 12 January 2024   |  Updated:  07:12, 12 January 2024   
 32
View  comments
Selena Gomez is back to business as usual following a very brief social media 'break' that lasted less than 24-hours.
On Thursday, the actress, 31, shared photos to her Instagram Story from an invite-only Rare Beauty 'celebration' she hosted earlier this week in Beverly Hills.
She founded the beauty brand in 2020 and has been busy promoting its newly-released 'Find Comfort Body Collection.'
For the afternoon event, Gomez looked radiant while posing in front of a large, mauve-toned Rare Beauty backdrop in all-white.
A brief clip that was included in the Instagram slideshow captured Gomez puckering up as she held up a bottle of the line's new fragrance mist.
Selena Gomez shared photos to her Instagram Story from an invite-only Rare Beauty 'celebration' she hosted earlier this week in Beverly Hills
She founded the beauty brand in 2020 and has been busy promoting its newly-released 'Find Comfort Body Collection'
The photos, which were originally shared by the official Rare Beauty Instagram page, also gave Gomez's fans a look at the event itself.
Those lucky enough to attend were encouraged to 'make yourself at home' as they ventured inside and outside of the private Beverly Hills residence.
Gomez spoke to the crowd of beauty influencers from a cushy seat situated in front of a stunning pool.
Guests sat in stylish chairs with small side tables each decked out with flowers and Rare Beauty products.
The event came just four days after the star hit headlines for her gossiping session at the Golden Globes, which saw fans accuse her of talking about Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet. 
After setting the record straight and denying she was slamming the couple, Selena told fans she was stepping back from the limelight 'for a while', vowing to take a break from social media.
The break lasted 24 hours as also on Wednesday Selena took to her Stories to promote a cooking video with chef Gordon Ramsay, 51.
The night prior Selena announced her social media break. 'I'm off social for a while I'm focusing on what really matters,' she told fans, adding a video of her boyfriend Benny Blanco, 35, playing with a pair of young kids.
For the afternoon event, Gomez looked radiant while posing in front of a large, mauve-toned Rare Beauty backdrop in all-white
A brief clip that was included in the Instagram slideshow captured Gomez puckering up as she held a bottle of the line's new fragrance mist
The photos, which were originally shared by the official Rare Beauty Instagram page, also gave Gomez's fans a look at the event itself 
Those lucky enough to attend were encouraged to 'make yourself at home' as they ventured inside and outside of the private Beverly Hills residence
Gomez spoke to the crowd of beauty influencers from a cushy seat situated in front of a stunning pool
Guests sat in stylish chairs with small side tables each decked out with flowers and Rare Beauty products
Selena went viral after her debrief with friends Taylor Swift and Keleigh Sperry at Sunday's Golden Globes was caught on camera.
Viewers scrambled to lip read the interaction, deducing that Selena was filling her girlfriends in on an awkward interaction with couple of the moment Kylie Jenner and Timothee Chalamet.
Video from their table showed Selena, 31, Taylor, 34, and Miles Teller's wife Keleigh having an animated discussion - with Selena waxing lyrical to a shocked Taylor and Keleigh, before the latter is clearly heard clarifying: 'with Timothee?' as Selena nods.
Forensic lipreader Jeremy Freeman exclusively uncovered the trio's conversation for DailyMail.com - alleging Selena was denied a photo with Timothee, 28, and claiming she feared 'upsetting' him and Kylie, 26.
Freeman says Selena dished to Taylor and Keleigh: 'He didn't want a picture with me, he said no' with Keleigh responding: 'Timothee?'
Taylor then whispered in Selena's ear, with the Only Murders In The Building actress allegedly saying: 'I tried, I couldn't, it'll upset em.'
On Monday, Selena denied she was speaking about Kylie and Timothee as she posted in the comment section of an E! News post about the incident.
The event came just four days after the star hit headlines for her gossiping session at the Golden Globes, which saw fans accuse her of talking about Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet 
Speculation ensued Timothée wouldn't pose with Gomez for a picture so as not to upset his rumored love interest Kylie Jenner; Pictured at the Golden Globes 
On Monday, Gomez denied she was speaking about Chalamet and Jenner as she posted in the comment section of an E! News post about the incident 
Selena then said it was time for a social media break as she took to Instagram Stories Tuesday evening, amid brewing drama over an incident at the Golden Globes. She accompanied the statement with a brief clip of her boyfriend Benny Blanco, 35, and a pair of young kids
But she returned to IG less than 24-hours later to share a preview clip for her HBO cooking show
The post was captioned, 'At tea time, we'd love to know if Selena Gomez was really gossiping about Kylie Jenner & Timothée Chalamet at this year's #GoldenGlobes.'
Selena replied, 'Noooooo I told Taylor about two of my friends who hooked up. Not that that's anyone business.'
Timothee also denied having any issues with Selena on Monday, saying they were on good terms.
The pair had previously worked with one another on the Woody Allen movie A Rainy Day In New York, playing the respective love interests Chan and Gatsby.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group