En español
Mexican actor and filmmaker Eugenio Derbez might be regretting the moment he decided to critique Selena Gomez's performance in 'Emilia Pérez.' His comments on the podcast 'Hablando de Cine' this week have sparked a firestorm of backlash.
Speaking with podcast host and film critic Gaby Meza, Derbez confessed that he didn't like Selena's acting in the French director Jacques Audiard's film. While both agreed that Gomez is a talented actress, they lamented her choice to take on the role, claiming she had been "poorly directed."
Meza initiated the criticism by calling Gomez's performance "indefensible." Derbez echoed her statement, using the same word: "indefensible." The two not only condemned Gomez's acting but also criticized her musical performance in the film.
Eugenio Derbez habla de la actuación de Selena Gómez en la película “Emilia Pérez” #eugenioderbez #selenagomez #emiliaperez #peliculas #cine #hablandodecinecon #fyp #paratiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii #parati #parat #viral #selena #tendencia #farandula #cinefilos #entretenimiento #podcasts #entrevista #hollywood #movies
While 'Emilia Pérez,' which tells the story of a Mexican drug lord who escapes to live as his "true self" as a transgender woman, has faced its share of criticism, Derbez and Meza's harsh takedown of Gomez's performance stood out. Gomez, the most beloved member of the cast—which includes Venezuelan Édgar Ramírez, Dominican Zoe Saldaña, Spanish actress Karla Sofía Gascón, and Mexican Adriana Paz—was the primary target of their critiques.
The discussion on the podcast also touched on broader issues, such as the decision to set a story ostensibly based in Mexico in France, with minimal Mexican representation in the production.
Selena Gomez's devoted fanbase, the Selenators, didn't take the criticism lightly. Known as one of the most powerful fandoms on social media, they quickly jumped to her defense. Many pointed out past allegations that Derbez plagiarized elements of his work, including characters from his show 'La Familia P.Luche' and the storyline of his film 'Instructions Not Included.'
Fans also highlighted Gomez's recent achievements, noting that she and the cast of 'Emilia Pérez' received the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival for their work on the movie. They didn't hesitate to call Derbez a "hypocrite" for attending a screening of the film at the Toronto Film Festival and posting a photo with the cast on his social media.
A post shared by instagram
However, it was Gomez's own response that struck the strongest chord. Addressing the criticism, she said, "I understand where you are coming from..I'm sorry I did the best I could with the time I was given. Doesn't take away from how much work and heart I put into this movie."
© 2025 Latin Times. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.