Selena Gomez has fuelled rumours of an engagement in her latest social media upload.
The singer and actress, 32, took to her Instagram account on Tuesday (October 1) to share a stunning selfie as she shopped until she dropped. As part of a new working partnership with beauty brand Sephora, Selena was glowing as she posed for the mirror selfie.
In the snap, the Wizards of Waverley Place star posed for the camera wearing a sticker reading: "I made a Rare Impact" as she smiled for the camera. She also donned a sticker onto her cream baggy trousers, which she paired with a stringed white corset top.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez's changing looks – health issues and 'embracing' new body
Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Catching the glam snap of herself, Selena was in the shop to collaborate with her brand Rare Beauty. As part of the partnership, the brands confirmed they would donate 100% of profits made that day to go to the Rare Impact Fund for World Mental Health Day on October 10.
Taking to the caption, Selena praised the work of her brand, saying they had been able to donate vital money to those who really need it: "Over the past 4 years, we have provided resources to 26 grantees globally who are doing incredible work," she wrote. "We couldn’t do this without your support, and it means the world to me that Sephora is joining us in our mission! Hold your cart until 10/10."
But while fans of the star were gushing over her ensemble, many eagle-eyed viewers spotted a splash of gold across the singer's finger. It was later revealed to be a ring, which sent fans of the Calm Down singer into a flurry of excitement.
Boyfriend Benny Blanco was one of the first accounts to gush over the star, sending a number of heart-eyed emojis to the comments section. However, other fans are now convinced the couple are set to be tying the knot, after she sported a second glittering ring at the Emmy's red carpet earlier last month.
Both Benny and Selena have been infatuated with each other since the pair first got together in December of 2023. Since then, the couple cannot be separated and have regularly shown their love for each other on social media and in interviews.
Over the past few weeks, however, there has been growing speculation that the pair have secretly gotten engaged, with fans demanding answers as soon as possible. Selena and Benny have neither confirmed nor denied their engagement, but the prospect of the couple settling down has drawn praise from both fans and pros alike.
Costume designer Dana Covarrubias said that the future for the couple looks bright. Speaking to The Sun's American edition in May, she said: "They're so in love, so in love - I've never seen her happier. She's just on cloud nine, it's the cutest!"
For more of the latest showbiz and TV news from the Daily Star, make sure you sign up for one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.