By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:02, 2 February 2024   |  Updated:  06:05, 2 February 2024   
 6
View  comments
Selena Gomez's friend and kidney donor Francia Raisa supports her new romance with Benny Blanco.
At Wednesday night's Go Red for Women concert in New York City, the 35-year-old actress spoke with Extra about the relationship between the singer, 31, and music producer, 35.
She said about the budding love story, 'Oh, my God — it's about time.'
The Los Angeles-bred actress said about Blanco, whose real name is Benjamin Levin, 'I love Benny. He's great.'
Adding a short anecdote, she noted, 'He wore a Dora the Explorer jacket when I first met him and I was like, 'Bet, we love you. ¿Donde está mi mapa?''
Selena Gomez's friend and kidney donor Francia Raisa supports her new romance with Benny Blanco
At Wednesday night's Go Red for Women concert in New York City, the 35-year-old actress spoke with Extra about the relationship between the singer, 31, and music producer, 35
Francia also weighed in on another new, high-profile couple.
In reference to Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's relationship, she stated, 'I'm happy for Taylor 'cause I've known Taylor a really long time, too. I'm really, really happy for her.'
Raisa also discussed her own love life during the brief red carpet interview.
She opened up: 'I've been more focused on myself, but lately I decided this year I'm ready for a partner so... we'll see.'
The How I Met Your Father star noted, 'I'm not messing around. I'm literally telling guys when I meet them, "I'm 35. I'm not wasting my time. If I'm wasting my time, tell me and I'm not having sex with you right away so you better wait."'
Elaborating on her intimacy timeline, she divulged, 'My therapist told me to wait five dates. It's very hard. I know Steve Harvey said 90 days, but that's even harder. Also, I'm 35, like, Mama's hungry.'
It comes after Raisa recently revealed that Selena was the one to initiate rebuilding their strained friendship.
Speaking to USA Today, she shared that the Only Murders in the Building star 'reached out and said, 'Let's talk.''
Francia said about Selena's budding love story, 'Oh, my God — it's about time'
Selena and Francia pictured together in Hollywood in 2017
Francia explained: 'We've never really had beef with each other. Nothing happened, and if you ask either of us, we don't know what happened but we needed that time apart. 
'Then when you come back together, you're better people. She and I are still getting to know each other again.'
Raísa continued: 'And obviously, you know, I gave the girl a kidney so everyone felt a certain way.'
And she noted that 'for years and years and years' she has been asked if she regrets donating her kidney to Gomez, who suffers from lupus.
She answered: 'No, the relationship has always been there. There was just a tiff.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group