It’s Rare Beauty (obviously).


When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

.
I’m all for a no-makeup makeup look, as is Selena Gomez. But if there ever was a time to go more glam, it’s at the Cannes red carpet. That’s exactly what the Rare Beauty founder did for her first official engagement at the film festival.
Gomez, who is starring in Emilia Pérez, left her hotel (presumably for the red carpet) wearing a blue-red lip that I quickly identified as the Rare Beauty Lip Souffle Matte Lip Cream in the shade Inspire. It’s the only bright red in the actress’s entire beauty range, so it’s become her go-to for a statement swipe. Despite its matte formula, the air-whipped cream has a light and hydrating feel that won’t emphasize any dry patches. Plus, I can attest that it won’t feather or fade for hours—a must for a red-carpet event. Best of all, it retails for an affordable $20.
Selena Gomez's red lipstick popped against a black, off-the-shoulder dress and coordinating pumps.
The rest of Gomez’s beauty look was kept on the simple side. Her glowing skin was presumably the handiwork of Rare’s Tinted Moisture and Positive Light Silky Touch Highlighter (my money is on the shade Enlighten). The Only Murders in the Building actress, who is working with makeup artist Hung Vanngo for Cannes, kept her eye makeup simple with just a touch of eyeliner and mascara.
Her current look contrasts with the fresh, bare-faced aesthetic she wore when touching down in France earlier in the day. Gomez was photographed en route to her hotel with a slicked-back bun, sunglasses, and little to no makeup.
Earlier in the day, Selena Gomez arrived in Cannes wearing a Self-Portrait dress and minimal beauty.
Rest assured, this is only the start of Gomez’s Cannes beauty moments—she has a busy week lined up. While we wait for her red carpet debut, scroll ahead to recreate her red-lipped look with shades from makeup artist-approved brands.
Editor's note: This post was updated on Sunday, May 19, to include Gomez's current makeup artist for Cannes.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
.
Samantha Holender is the Senior Beauty Editor at Marie Claire, where she reports on the best new launches, dives into the science behind skincare, and shares the breakdown on the latest and greatest trends in the beauty space. She's studied up on every ingredient you'll find on INCI list and is constantly in search of the world's glowiest makeup products. She's constantly tracking the biggest nail and hair trends to pop up in the beauty space, going backstage during fashion weeks, tracking celebrity looks, and constantly talking to celebrity hair stylists, nail artists, and makeup artists. Prior to joining the team, she worked as Us Weekly’s Beauty and Style Editor, where she stayed on the pulse of pop culture and broke down celebrity beauty routines, hair transformations, and red carpet looks. Her words have also appeared on Popsugar, Makeup.com, Skincare.com, Delish.com, and Philadelphia Wedding. Samantha also serves as a board member for the American Society of Magazine Editors (ASME). She first joined the organization in 2018, when she worked as an editorial intern at Food Network Magazine and Pioneer Woman Magazine. Samantha has a degree in Journalism and Mass Communications from The George Washington University’s School of Media and Public Affairs. While at GWU, she was a founding member of the school’s HerCampus chapter and served as its President for four years. When she’s not deep in the beauty closet or swatching eyeshadows, you can find her obsessing over Real Housewives and all things Bravo. Keep up with her on Instagram @samholender.

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


\201cI have to be Disneyland for them."


It's time for an upgrade.


Because even a mall photoshoot can't compete with a perfectly styled lob.


The star was spotted looking red hot in the streets of New York City.


Romantic, flirty, and trendy—what’s not to love?


The billionaire just debuted a sugary sweet new shade.


Minimalists and brides-to-be agree: This shade is a staple.


Here's how to get the look using the founder's favorite Rare Beauty products.


From bubble bath shades to moody fall hues.


It's poised to overtake the usual fall manicure shades.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.