This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
‘Oppenheimer’ actors Matt Damon and Emily Blunt tell Fox News Digital one thing they’ll never do together as neighbors.
Awards season fashion continued to wow on the 30th annual Screen Actors Guild Awards red carpet Saturday night. 
Emily Blunt wore a bright red Louis Vuiton gown, with a plunging halter neckline that went all the way down to her waist. 
She accessorized the look with a stunning gold and diamond necklace from Tiffany & Co., according to People. She also sported sizable diamond earrings and a pair of gold cuffs on her wrists. 
Anne Hathaway wore a vivid blue Atelier Versace gown, with another plunging neckline, cinched in at the waist with a built-in belt.
Emily Blunt accessorized her plunging red gown with a gold and diamond necklace from Tiffany & Co. (Getty Images)
Anne Hathaway wore a blue gown that many noted was inspired by the color cerulean, mentioned in "The Devil Wears Prada." (Getty Images)
EMILY BLUNT, MARGOT ROBBIE, KAIA GERBER BRING GLAMOUR AND RISQUÉ FASHION TO RED CARPET: PHOTOS
Blunt and Hathaway reunited on stage with their "The Devil Wears Prada" co-star Meryl Streep to present best male actor in a comedy series.
During their speech, they incorporated some of the movie’s most memorable lines, and many fans online noted that Hathaway’s dress wasn’t just blue, it was "cerulean," a reference to Streep’s iconic speech in the film.
Blunt and Hathaway reunited with their "Devil Wears Prada" co-star Meryl Streep to present best male actor in a comedy series at the SAG Awards. (Michael Buckner/Variety via Getty Images)
The cast of "Modern Family" also reunited onstage, with Sofia Vergara and Julie Bowen appearing as style standouts.
Vergara wore a bold red strapless dress with a glittering skirt, while Bowen opted for a black, ruffled gown with portions of the dress appearing see through over her legs.
Julie Bown and Sofia Vergara wore standout looks during their onstage reunion with the "Modern Family" cast. (Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
Margot Robbie went abstract for her latest "Barbie" inspired look, wearing an Elena Fishman black mini dress with a large pink sash draped over her shoulder and flowing off her hip down to the floor
Selena Gomez wore a white shimmering gown, made by Atelier Versace, that practically glistened on the red carpet. 
Reese Witherspoon wore a Haute Couture Elie Saab gown in red, with a structured bodice. 
Margot Robbie wore a black mini dress with a "Barbie" pink sash. (Getty Images)
Selena Gomez wore a glistening white gown for the SAG Awards. (Getty Images)
Reese Witherspoon wore a structured strapless gown for the award show. (Getty Images)
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Her pal Jennifer Aniston wore a slinky, silver gown by Celine, with a thigh high slit. Aniston also showed off a new haircut, and updated version of her famous "Rachel" cut from "Friends. 
Emma Stone also wore silver by Louis Vuitton, with hints of blue and purple in a feathery, crystal design swirling across the dress.
"Beef" star Ali Wong wore a the most scene-stealing look of the night, with a chandelier-esque gown that took up much of the carpet.
Jennifer Aniston sported a fresh haircut and thigh high slit on her dress for the SAG Awards. (Getty Images)
Emma Stone's silver Louis Vuitton dress had light blue and purple crystal details in a feather pattern (Getty Images)
"Beef" star Ali Wong wore a dramatic gown on the carpet, but ditched part of it once she was inside for the ceremony.  (Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Once inside, she opted to streamline and remove the large portion of the dress for the show and her eventual win for outstanding performance by a female actor in a television movie or limited series.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.