By RUTH FRANCIS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  13:22, 15 September 2024   |  Updated:  02:02, 16 September 2024   
 13
View  comments
Baby Reindeer has been the biggest television hit of the year. And with 11 Emmy nominations, it was an excuse for lead stars Richard Gadd and Jessica Gunning to party with the stars on Saturday, ahead of the glitzy awards do.
The Netflix series is a semi-autobiographical comedy drama and tells the story of standup comedian Donny Dunn who is harassed and stalked by Martha.
Donny is sent 41,000-plus emails by Martha who also bombards him with texts and calls. Traumatic scenes of sexual assault and drug taking are also included in the show.
The show's creator, Richard, 35, has been very open about his harrowing experience, and so whilst looking dapper in an all black ensemble at the MPTF's 18th Annual Evening Before the Emmys at Century Park bash, he also wore a white 'We Are Survivors' badge that was sewn on the lapel of his jacket.
The Scottish writer is an ambassador for the charity, which supports males affected by rape, sexual abuse and exploitation.
Baby Reindeer stars Richard Gadd and Jessica Gunning attended the MPTF's 18th Annual Evening ahead of the Emmys on Saturday night
The show's creator Richard also grabbed Co-Chair Jon Hamm for a picture as he enjoyed the night at Century Park
Brett Goldstein who is best known for his role as Roy Kent in the Apple TV sports comedy, Ted Lasso seemed please to see Jessica
The show is up for 11 Emmys so the lead stars were out partying with the rich and famous ahead of the glitzy awards do and were spotted posing for pictures with American actors Brie Larson (second in from the right)  and Dakota Fanning (far right)
Next to him, Jessica, 38, beamed for the camera in a black lace dress and wore her dark locks in a loose curls. 
Later in the night, the pair were spotted hanging out with Brie Larson and Dakota Fanning.
Captain Marvel star Brie stunned in a canary yellow dress which bore spaghetti straps and a bow.
She styled her blonde locks into a chic wave which she let hang over one shoulder and let her dress do the talking, opting for minimal accessories.  
Dakota kept things simple in a black floor length gown with lace panelling and a sheer skirt.
The slim fitting dress complemented Dakota's gorgeous figure and she turned to the side to give a view of all angles.
The American actress was joined by Fleabag's Andrew Scott who looked dashing in a polka dot shirt, which he'd left undone at the top.
Dakota was also spotted on deep conversation with British actress Naomi Watts who dazzled in a long-sleeved sequin skirt and crew neck top.
She opted for a natural look complete with blush for her makeup and wore her blonde hair in a stylish bob.
Meanwhile, Jamie Lee Curtis looked typically smart in a crisp white suit and black shoes as she posed with her arm hand Brie.
Naomi has been nominated for Outstanding Lead Actress In A Limited Or Anthology Series following her role as socialite Babe Paley in Feud: Capote v The Swans.
Jamie recently won Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series at the Creative Arts Emmy Awards for her role on FX hit The Bear.
Also in attendance at the glitzy event was Dominic West and Olivia Williams. Dominic looked sharp in a smart suit and crisp white shirt, whilst Olivia kept things very casual in a pair of jeans and black vest top with lace detailing.
Selma Blair, stole the show as she was accompanied by her adorable dog Scout, adding a personal touch to the festivities.
Showcasing her blonde locks, Selma looked sensational in a beige knitted top and maxi skirt.
She upped the glamour with some gold chunky necklaces and a smokey eye, but opted for the best accessory in her furry companion.
Dakota was joined by Fleabag's Andrew Scott who looked dashing in a polka dot shirt, whilst she kept things simple in a black floor length gown with lace panelling and a sheer skirt 
Dakota was also spotted on deep conversation with British actress Naomi Watts who dazzled in a long-sleeved sequin skirt and crew neck top
Jamie Lee Curtis looked typically smart in a crisp white suit and black shoes as she posed with her arm hand Captain Marvel star, Brie Larson who stunned in canary yellow
Also in attendance at the glitzy event was Dominic West and Olivia Williams who kept things very casual in a pair of jeans and black vest top with lace detailing
Selma Blair, stole the show as she was accompanied by her adorable dog Scout, adding a personal touch to the festivities
The 76th annual Primetime Emmy Awards is set to honour the best of television at the Peacock Theatre in Los Angeles, California on Sunday, September 15.
The ceremony will be hosted by Eugene Levy and Dan Levy, who are making history as the first father-son duo to emcee the program. 
In 2020, the actors took home their own respective Emmy Awards for their work on their hit series, Schitt's Creek, which they created and starred in for six seasons. 
'For two Canadians who won our Emmys in a literal quarantine tent, the idea of being asked to host this year in an actual theatre was incentive enough,' they said in a statement to Vanity Fair, last month, while confirming their hosting gig. 
The pair continued: 'We’re thrilled to be able to raise a glass to this extraordinary season of television and can’t wait to spend the evening with you all.'
The Bear set a new record for nominations in a single year in the Comedy category with 23 (previously held by 30 Rock with 22 nominations in 2009), and Shōgun lead this year’s Drama category with 25 nominations.
The Bear's Jeremy Allen White, Ayo Edebiri, Jennifer Aniston, Selena Gomez, Jon Hamm and Quinta Brunson are among the nominees that are vying for some the evening's top prizes.
The Bear, left, and Shogun, right, received the most Emmy Awards nominations this year
Abbott Elementary costars Sheryl Lee Ralph, left, and Quinta Brunson, right, both received nods
Jennifer Aniston, pictured, and Reese Witherspoon are nominated in the same category for The Morning Show
This marks Gomez's first nomination in the lead actress category for her role as  Mabel Mora in Only Murders in the Building. 
Following the news, she told her followers that she felt 'honoured and insanely grateful' for the recognition. 
Kristen Wiig is nominated for best actress in a comedy series for Apple TV+'s Palm Royale and best guest actress for a comedy series for hosting Saturday Night Live. 
'What the,' Wiig said in a statement, obtained by E! News. 'Still in shock over here! I’m so happy for everyone that worked so hard on Palm Royale and SNL! And for all my fellow nominees!! Everyone at Apple, Lorne Michaels and the casts, writers, and crews!!! I can’t believe this.'  
Nominations for Outstanding Comedy Series went to Abbott Elementary, The Bear, Curb Your Enthusiasm, Hacks, Only Murders In The Building, Palm Royale, Reservation Dogs, and What We Do In The Shadows.
Aniston's Morning Show costar Jon Hamm was nominated for his work on Fargo in the category Outstanding Lead Actor In A Limited Or Anthology Series Or Movie
From left, Selena Gomez, Martin Short and Steve Martin in Only Murders in the Building. They were all Emmy nominated
Sofia Vergara, left, was nominated for her role as a drug lord in Griselda and Jean Smart, right, was recognized for her work on Hacks
Baby Reindeer, Fargo, Lessons In Chemistry, Ripley, True Detective were nominated for Outstanding Limited Anthology Series or Movie. 
For Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited Anthology Series or Movie the nominations were: Jodie Foster for True Detective, Brie Larson in Lessons in Chemistry, Juno Temple in Fargo, Sofia Vergara for Griselda and Naomi Watts for Feud. 
Outstanding Lead Actor In A Limited Or Anthology Series Or Movie went to Matt Bomer for Fellow Travelers, Richard Gadd for Baby Reindeer, Jon Hamm for Fargo, Tom Hollander for Feud, and Andrew Scott for Ripley.
Outstanding Lead Actress In A Drama Series went to Jennifer Aniston for The Morning Show, Carrie Coon for The Gilded Age, Maya Erskine for Mr and Mrs Smith, Ana Sawai for Shogun, Imelda Stanton The Crown, and Reese Witherspoon for The Morning Show.
Outstanding Lead Actress In A Comedy Series went to Quinta Brunson for Abbott Elementary, Ayo Edebiri for The Bear, Selena Gomez for Only Murders In The Building, Maya Rudolph for Loot, Jean Smart for hacks and Kristen Wiig for Palm Royale.
The nominees for Outstanding Reality Competition Program went to Amazing Race, RuPaul Drag Race, Top Chef, The Traitors and The Voice. 
Eugene Levy and Dan Levy are making history as the first father-son duo to co-host the show; seen in 2020
This year’s ceremony will take be held less than a year after the 75th edition of the show 
This year’s ceremony will take be held less than a year after the 75th edition of the show.
It took place this past January after being moved back from its intended September 2023 date due to the writers and actors strikes.
Emmy Award winners Jesse Collins and Dionne Harmon along with Emmy-nominated Jeannae Rouzan-Clay of Jesse Collins Entertainment are set to return as executive producers of the 76th Emmy Awards. 
This marks their second consecutive year as producers of television’s biggest night.
The 2024 Emmys ceremony airs live on Sunday, Sept. 15, at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT. 
It will also be available to stream the next day on Hulu.
 Outstanding Drama Series 
The Crown
Fallout
The Gilded Age
The Morning Show
Mr. and Mrs. Smith
Shōgun - WINNER
Slow Horses 
3 Body Problem
Shogun earned a record-breaking 18 Emmys including one each for Anna Sawai and Hiroyuki Sanada
Outstanding Lead Actor In A Drama Series
Donald Glover, Mr. and Mrs. Smith
Walton Goggins, Fallout
Idris Elba, Hijack
Gary Oldman, Slow Horses
Hiroyuki Sanada, Shōgun - WINNER
Dominic West, The Crown
Outstanding Lead Actress In A Drama Series
Jennifer Aniston, The Morning Show
Carrie Coon, The Gilded Age
Maya Erskine, Mr. and Mrs. Smith
Anna Sawai, Shо̄gun - WINNER
Imelda Staunton, The Crown
Reese Witherspoon, The Morning Show
Outstanding Supporting Actor In A Drama Series
Tadanobu Asano, Shōgun
Billy Crudup, The Morning Show - WINNER
Mark Duplass, The Morning Show
Jon Hamm, The Morning Show
Takehiro Hira, Shōgun
Jack Lowden, Slow Horses
Jonathan Pryce, The Crown
Outstanding Supporting Actress In A Drama Series
Christine Baranski, The Gilded Age
Nicole Beharie, The Morning Show
Elizabeth Debicki, The Crown - WINNER
Greta Lee, The Morning Show
Lesley Manville, The Crown
Karen Pittman, The Morning Show
Holland Taylor, The Morning Show
Elizabeth Debicki took home Outstanding Supporting Actress In A Drama Series for her role as Princess Diana in The Crown
Outstanding Comedy Series
Abbott Elementary
Hacks - WINNER
The Bear
Curb Your Enthusiasm
Reservation Dogs
Only Murders in the Building
Palm Royale
What We Do in the Shadows
Outstanding Lead Actor In A Comedy Series
Larry David, Curb Your Enthusiasm
Steve Martin, Only Murders in the Building
Martin Short, Only Murders in the Building 
Matt Berry, What We Do in the Shadows
Jeremy Allen White, The Bear - WINNER
D’Pharaoh Woon-A-Tai, Reservation Dogs
Outstanding Lead Actress In A Comedy Series
Ayo Edebiri, The Bear
Jean Smart, Hacks - WINNER
Quinta Brunson, Abbott Elementary 
Selena Gomez, Only Murders in the Building
Kristen Wiig, Palm Royale
Maya Rudolph, Loot
Jean Smart earned Outstanding Lead Actress In A Comedy Series for Hacks
Outstanding Supporting Actress In A Comedy Series
Carol Burnett, Palm Royale
Liza Colón-Zayas, The Bear - WINNER
Hannah Einbinder, Hacks
Janelle James, Abbott Elementary
Sheryl Lee Ralph, Abbott Elementary
Meryl Streep, Only Murders In The Building
Outstanding Supporting Actor An A Comedy Series
Lionel Boyce, The Bear
Paul W. Downs, Hacks
Ebon Moss-Bachrach, The Bear - WINNER
Paul Rudd, Only Murders In The Building
Tyler James Williams, Abbott Elementary
Bowen Yang, Saturday Night Live
Jeremy Allen White, Ebon Moss-Bachrach, and Liza Colon-Zayas all won for The Bear
Outstanding Limited or Anthology Series
Baby Reindeer - WINNER
Fargo
Lessons in Chemistry 
Ripley
True Detective: Night Country
Outstanding Lead Actor In A Limited Or Anthology Series
Matt Bomer, Fellow Travelers
Richard Gadd, Baby Reindeer - WINNER
Jon Hamm, Fargo
Tom Hollander, Feud: Capote vs. the Swans
Andrew Scott, Ripley
Outstanding Lead Actress In A Limited Or Anthology Series
Jodie Foster, True Detective: Night Country - WINNER
Brie Larson, Lessons in Chemistry
Juno Temple, Fargo
Sofia Vergara, Griselda
Naomi Watts, Feud: Capote vs. the Swans
Outstanding Supporting Actor In A Limited Or Anthology Series
Jonathan Bailey, Fellow Travelers
Robert Downey Jr., The Sympathizer
Tom Goodman-Hill, Baby Reindeer
John Hawkes, True Detective: Night Country
Lamorne Morris, Fargo - WINNER
Lewis Pullman, Lessons in Chemistry
Treat Williams, Feud: Capote vs. the Swans
Outstanding Supporting Actress In A Limited Or Anthology Series
Dakota Fanning, Ripley 
Lily Gladstone, Under the Bridge 
Jessica Gunning, Baby Reindeer - WINNER
Aja Naomi King, Lessons in Chemistry
Diane Lane, Feud: Capote vs. the Swans
Nava Mau, Baby Reindeer
Kali Reis, True Detective: Night Country
Jessica Gunning triumphed in the Outstanding Supporting Actress In A Limited Or Anthology Series category for Baby Reindeer
Outstanding Animated Series
Blue Eye Samurai
Bob’s Burger
Scavengers Reign
The Simpsons
X-Men ‘97
Outstanding Television Movie
Mr. Monk’s Last Case: A Monk Movie 
Quiz Lady 
Red, White & Royal Blue
Scoop
Unfrosted
Scripted Variety Series
 Last Week Tonight with John Oliver - WINNER
Saturday Night Live 
Talk Series 
The Daily Show - WINNER
Jimmy Kimmel Live! 
Late Night With Seth Meyers 
The Late Show With Stephen Colbert
Variety Special (live) 
The Apple Music Super Bowl LVIII Halftime Show Starring Usher
66th Grammy Awards 
The Greatest Roast Of All Time: Tom Brady
The Oscars  
The 76th Annual Tony Awards
Variety Special (pre-recorded) 
 Billy Joel: The 100th Live at Madison Square Garden
Dave Chappelle: The Dreamer
Dick Van Dyke 98 Years Of Magic
Nikki Glaser: Someday You’ll Die
Trevor Noah: Where Was I
Directing For A Drama Series 
 Stephen Daldry – The Crown
Mimi Leder – The Morning Show
Hiro Murai – Mr & Mrs Smith
Frederick EO Toye – Shōgun - WINNER
Saul Metzstein – Slow Horses
Salli Richardson-Whitfield – Winning Time: The Rise of the Lakers Dynasty
 Directing For A Comedy Series
 Randall Einhorn – Abbott Elementary
Christopher Storer – The Bear - WINNER
Ramy Youssef – The Bear
Guy Ritchie – The Gentlemen
Lucia Aniello – Hacks
Mary Lou Belli – The Ms Pat Show
Directing For A Limited Or Anthology Series 
Weronika Tofilska – Baby Reindeer
Noah Hawley – Fargo 
Gus Van Sant – Feud: Capote vs The Swans 
Millicent Shelton: Lessons in Chemistry 
Steven Zaillian – Ripley - WINNER
Issa López – True Detective: Night Country 
Writing For A Drama Series 
Peter Morgan and Meriel Sheibani-Clare – The Crown
Geneva Robertson-Dworet and Graham Wagner – Fallout
Francesca Sloane and Donald Glover – Mr & Mrs Smith
Rachel Kondo and Justin Marks – Shōgun
Rachel Kondo and Caillin Puente – Shōgun
Will Smith – Slow Horses - WINNER
Writing For A Comedy Series 
Quinta Brunson – Abbott Elementary
Christopher Storer – The Bear
Meredith Scardino and Sam Means – Girls5eva
Lucia Aniello, Paul W Downs and Jen Statsky – Hacks - WINNERS
Chris Kelly and Sarah Schneider – The Other Two
Jake Bender and Zach Dunn – What We Do in the Shadows
Jen Statsky, Paul W Downs, and Lucia Aniello (left to right) won Writing for a Comedy Series for Hacks
Writing For A Limited Or Anthology Series 
Richard Gadd – Baby Reindeer - WINNER
Charlie Brooker – Black Mirror
Noah Hawley – Fargo
Ron Nyswaner – Fellow Travelers
Steven Zaillian – Ripley
Issa López – True Detective: Night Country
Richard Gadd was a major winner as he won Outstanding Lead Actor In A Limited Or Anthology Series and Writing For A Limited Or Anthology Series for Baby Reindeer 
Writing For A Variety Series 
The Daily Show
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
 Saturday Night Live
Outstanding Reality Competition Program 
The Amazing Race
RuPaul’s Drag Race
Top Chef
The Traitors - WINNER
The Voice
Alan Cumming showed off his Emmys as The Traitors earned Outstanding Reality Competition Program

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group