By ADAM S. LEVY AND SARAH SOTOODEH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:33, 19 January 2024   |  Updated:  12:31, 19 January 2024   
 71
View  comments
Britney Spears looked ready for the stage as she showed off her sense of style and rhythm Thursday in an post on her Instagram account, which she later set to private.
The Grammy-winning singer, 42, captioned a clip to 42.6 million followers, in which she was dancing in her Southern California home, 'Just me.'
The Oops!... I Did It Again artist, who has past deactivated and reactivated her account in recent months, donned an eye-catching long-sleeved red skirt with sequined areas around the neck, chest and skirt areas.
The Toxic artist donned open toe black sandal heels and had her wavy blonde locks down and parted to one side as she showed off her physical agility in the bold ensemble.
The ...Baby One More Time vocalist's post was not up too long for the public to view, as Spears later set her account to private. 
Britney Spears, 42, looked ready for the stage as she showed off her sense of style and rhythm Thursday in an post on her Instagram account, which she later set to private 
The Grammy-winning singer, 42, captioned a clip to 42.6 million followers, in which she was dancing in her Southern California home, 'Just me'
Spears on Wednesday had posted to the site a dancing clip in which she appeared to be wearing the same skirt in gold. 
Spears kicked off the year making headlines, as on January 3, she vowed that she 'will never return to the music industry' and denied two reports she was working on her tenth album; and had enlisted Julia Michaels and Charli XCX as songwriters on the new endeavor.
'Just so we're clear most of the news is trash!' Spears said, noting reports stating she was 'turning to random people to do a new album.'
Spears was seemingly referencing reports from The US Sun and Page Six that claimed she had begun work on a new record, which would have been her first album in eight years.
Music industry higher-ups are making an effort to try and get Britney Spears back into the recording studio for a new album, according to a source close to the singer.
'Right now, management and A&R are trying to get her excited for the music,' the source told Rolling Stone January 3. 'As of right now, she's not actively in recording but they're getting [songs] done to present to her.'
The source added that 'nothing is cemented or in stone' in regards to Spears, as 'the hype around this is that everyone wants her to make music again, but I don't know if she's there yet.'
The source told the musical news outlet that Julia Michaels and Charli XCX had been enlisted by execs as writers on material to be presented to the ...Baby One More Time songstress.
Spears, who has past deactivated and reactivated her account in recent months, had switched her account to private as of Thursday evening 
Spears donned an eye-catching long-sleeved red skirt with sequined areas around the neck, chest and skirt
The Toxic artist donned open toe black sandal heels and had her wavy blonde locks down and parted to one side
The pop music stalwart showed off her physical agility in the bold ensemble 
Spears kicked off the year making headlines, as on January 3, she vowed that she ' will never return to the music industry ' and denied two reports she was working on her tenth album; and had enlisted Julia Michaels and Charli XCX as songwriters on the new endeavor
Spears on Wednesday had posted to the site a dancing clip in which she appeared to be wearing the same skirt in gold 
Execs were also enlisting a number of industry professionals to develop material to present to the Hold Me Closer singer, the source said. 
They included producer Cirkut, who struck gold last year with the Sam Smith and Kim Petras hit Unholy; as well as people who Spears worked with on her 2016 album Glory, such as Jason Evigan.
Material prepared for the Toxic artist include 'pop ballads and uptempo songs,' the source told Roiling Stone.  
Spears on January 3 claimed in her post that she now prefers life behind the spotlight, working as a ghostwriter for other pop stars.
'When I write, I write for fun or I write for other people !!!' she said. 'For those of you who have read my book, there's loads that you don't know about me … I've written over 20 songs for other people the past two years !!!'
Spears continued: 'I'm a ghostwriter and I honestly enjoy it that way !!! People are also saying MY BOOK WAS RELEASED WITHOUT MY APPROVAL ILLEGALLY and that's far from the truth … have you read the news these days ??? I'm so LOVED and blessed !!!'
Among tracks that Spears has written for other artists include Whiplash by Selena Gomez and Follow Me by her sister Jamie Lynn Spears. 
Her most recent studio album, titled Glory, was released in 2016.  
Efforts were being made by music industry exes to get Spears, pictured in San Jose, California in 2016, back into the recording studio, an insider told Rolling Stone earlier this month
Spears set the record straight in a fiery post on January 3
Julia Michaels (L) and  Charli XCX, both pictured last month, were among the artists who record executives enlisted to develop new material for Spears 
Spears was originally working on her 10th studio album after she split from husband Sam Asghari, but it ended up being put on hold to focus on her memoir, The Woman In Me. 
'She has an upcoming writers camp and is getting songs from some big artists,' a source told Page Six insider last August, prior to her album's postponement.
Charli XCX, 31, is also a singer, with huge hits like Boom Clap, Break The Rules, I Love It with Icona Pop, Fancy with Iggy Azalea, and Dirty Sexy Money with David Guetta and Afrojack.
She has written also hit songs for Madison Beer - including the song Hurts Like Hell with Offset -  as well as for Selena Gomez with Same Old Love, Iggy Azalea with Beg For It, Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello's Senorita, and others. 
Michaels, 30, is a singer and songwriter; she has previously worked on Spears' Glory album, on the tracks Better, Change Your Mind (No Seas Cortes), Don't Tell It, Invitation, Just Like You, Just Luv Me, Slumber Party and Do You Wanna Come Over?
Some of her other biggest hits she's written include Selena Gomez tracks Lose You To Love Me, Boyfriend, Look At Her Now, Bad Liar, Hands To Myself, Me & The Rhythm, Good For You, and Slow Down.
She also has writing credits for Sorry by Justin Bieber, Poison for Rita Ora, Close for Nick Jonas, Heavy for Linkin Park, Dive for Ed Sheeran and 2002 by Anne-Marie, to name a few.
She began releasing music under her name in 2017, and garnered a huge hit with her song I Miss You with Clean Bandit, as well as Issues, and If The World Was Ending  with JP Saxe.
Her last studio album called Glory was released in 2016
Her discography (from her debut album on) includes: ...Baby One More Time in 1999, Oops!... I Did It Again in 2000, Britney in 2001, In The Zone in 2003, Blackout in 2007, Circus in 2008, Femme Fatale in 2011, Britney Jean in 2013 and Glory in 2016; her album cover for Britney Jean, released in 2013
...Baby One More Time proved to be her biggest hit, with over 14 million albums sold; next up was her Oops!... I Did It Again with 12 million albums sold
Spears' last studio album was Glory, released in 2016; the biggest hit from the album was the lead single, called Make Me with G-Eazy.
Her full discography includes: ...Baby One More Time in 1999, Oops!... I Did It Again in 2000, Britney in 2001, In The Zone in 2003, Blackout in 2007, Circus in 2008, Femme Fatale in 2011, Britney Jean in 2013 and Glory in 2016.
Her initial effort, ...Baby One More Time, proved to be her biggest hit, with over 14 million albums sold; next up was her follow-up Oops!... I Did It Again with 12 million albums sold.
Spears released two collaborations since her Glory album - 2022's Hold Me Closer with Elton John; and Mind Your Business in 2023 with Will.i.am.
Spears was under a conservatorship, led by her father Jamie Spears, from 2008 until it was terminated by a judge in 2021.
Spears released her memoir The Woman In Me in October 2023, which became a New York Times best seller.
In the book, Spears said that making new music was not a priority in her life at this time: 'Pushing forward in my music career is not my focus at the moment. It's time for me not to be someone who other people want; it's time to actually find myself.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group