From Hollywood to New York and everywhere in between, see what your favorite stars are up to
Alexandra Schonfeld is a features writer at PEOPLE. She has been working at PEOPLE since April 2022. Her work previously appeared in Newsweek.
 Stars have been everywhere this week, from Dua Lipa performing at the 2024 Austin City Limits Music Festival in Texas, to Selena Gomez and Zoe Saldaña attending a special Netflix brunch in London. Meanwhile in Atlanta, Gucci Mane performs with an orchestra in concert.

 Here, are the best photos of celebs out and about this week. Come back tomorrow for more of the latest A-list outings!

Dana Jacobs/FilmMagic
 Dua Lipa gives a foot-stomping performance on weekend two of the 2024 Austin City Limits Music Festival on Oct. 12 in Austin, Texas.

Hoda Davaine/Dave Benett/Getty
 Emilia Pérez costars Selena Gomez and Zoe Saldaña arrive in elegant looks at the Netflix Awards Brunch held during the 2024 BFI London Film Festival on Oct. 13.

Derek White/Getty 
 Gucci Mane performs his The Road To 1017 concert featuring The Atlanta Pops Orchestra at Atlanta's Symphony Hall on Oct. 12.

Dana Jacobs/FilmMagic
 Reneé Rapp beams onstage while performing at the Austin City Limits Festival in Austin, Texas, on Oct. 12.  

The Hapa Blonde/GC Images
 Colin Jost and Scarlett Johansson head out on a date night at the Saturday Night Live afterparty at L'Avenue at Saks on Oct. 13 in New York City.

John Phillips/Getty
 Lupita Nyong'o dazzles in a silver sequined scarf at The Wild Robot Headline Gala during the BFI London Film Festival at The Royal Festival Hall on Oct. 13.

TheStewartofNY/GC Images)
 Rosé of Blackpink looks uber cool in an oversized leather jacket and nude-toned outfit as she is seen out in N.Y.C.'s Upper East Side on Oct. 12.

Erika Goldring/WireImage
 Benson Boone performs at the Austin City Limits Music Festival on Oct. 12 in Austin, Texas.

Joshua Sammer/Getty
 Maria Bakalova dons a dramatic black gown and train at the premiere of The Apprentice at the 20th Zurich Film Festival on Oct. 12.

The Hapa Blonde/GC Images
 Simu Liu makes a casual appearance out in New York's Midtown area on Oct. 13.

Hoda Davaine/Dave Benett/Getty
 Selena Gomez and Ashley Park attend a special screening of Emilia Pérez in London on Oct. 12

Sam Hodde/Getty
 Matthew McConaughey attends the Oklahoma Sooners vs. Texas Longhorns game at Cotton Bowl Stadium in Dallas on Oct. 12.

Hoda Davaine/Dave Benett/Gett
 Zoe Saldaña attends a special screening of Emilia Pérez in London on Oct. 12

Karwai Tang/WireImage
 Danielle Deadwyler and John David Washington attend The Piano Lesson special presentation during the 68th BFI London Film Festival in London Oct. 12.

Carol Lee Rose/Getty
 Amber Riley, Reyna Roberts and Lady London attend the ESSENCE Girls United Disruptor Summit in Atlanta on Oct. 12.

Ben Trivett
 Juliette Lewis performs at the Aftershock Festival in Sacramento on Oct. 11.

TheStewartofNY/GC Images
 Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce make a cute couple as they head out on a date night in New York City's SoHo neighborhood on Oct. 11.

Scott Garfitt/Deadline via Getty
 Selena Gomez rocks an oversized tailored look while attending Deadline's Contenders Film: London 2024 event held in London on Oct. 12.

Gary Miller/FilmMagic
 Norah Jones performs in a bright and colorful striped look at the 2024 Austin City Limits Music Festival on Oct. 11 in Austin, Texas. 

TheStewartofNY/GC Images
 Rosé of Blackpink dons a leather jacket and matching purse in an all-black look while out and about in New York City's Flatiron District on Oct. 11.

XNY/Star Max/GC Images
 Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively hold hands as they join Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce (not pictured) for a double date in New York City on Oct. 11.

Joshua Sammer/Getty
 Sebastian Stan smiles onstage while speaking at the ZFF Master with Sebastian Stan event held during the 20th Zurich Film Festival on Oct. 12.

Scott Garfitt/Deadline via Getty
 Zoe Saldaña joins her Emilia Pérez costar Selena Gomez (not pictured) in a matching sleek grey suit at Deadline's Contenders Film: London 2024 event on Oct. 12 in London.

XNY/Star Max/GC Images
 Sofía Vergara looks elegant in a black bustier, pinstripe blazer and wide-leg leather pants as she heads out in New York City for the evening on Oct. 11.

Dana Jacobs/FilmMagic
 Mickey Guyton welcomes fans as she performs onstage at Austin City Limits on Oct. 11 in Austin, Texas.

Gary Miller/FilmMagic
 Dasha gives a star performance at the 2024 Austin City Limits Music Festival on Oct. 11 in Austin, Texas. 

BACKGRID
 Husband and wife duo Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively go for a sunny mid-day stroll in New York City after donating $1 million to hurricane relief funds.

Anthony Harvey/Shutterstock
 Costars Zoe Saldaña and Selena Gomez smile for the cameras at the Emilia Perez premiere at the 68th BFI London Film Festival on Oct. 11.

Kevin Mazur/Getty
 Rihanna brings the sexy in a lace outfit at while attending the Savage x Fenty Celebration of Lavish Lace's debut at Nordstrom Century City in Los Angeles on Oct. 10.

Dave Benett/Getty
 Benedict Cumberbatch rocks fall hues as he attends a special screening of Conclave at BAFTA Piccadilly on Oct. 11 in London.

Dave Benett/Getty
 Ralph Fiennes sports a denim look at the BAFTA Piccadilly special screening of Conclave on Oct. 11 in London.

Gilbert Flores/Variety via Getty
 Kyle Richards and Teddi Mellencamp Arroyave strike a pose at US Weekly and Pluto TV's Reality Stars of the Year event held at The Highlight Room on Oct. 10 in Los Angeles.

Dave Benett/Getty
 Isabella Rossellini and Stanley Tucci speak on a panel during a screening of Conclave at BAFTA Piccadilly on Oct. 11 in London.

Hamilton Pytluk/Universal Studios Hollywood
 Jonathan Scott shows his love for Universal Studios Hollywood's Halloween Horror Nights on Oct. 10.

MediaPunch/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Gael Garcia Bernal and Diego Luna arrive for their appearance on The Drew Barrymore Show in New York City on Oct. 10.

SplashNews
 Conor McGregor hosts the official weigh-in for the Bare Knuckles Fighting Championship on Oct. 11 in Marbella, Spain.

Stefanie Keenan/Getty
 Brooklyn Peltz Beckham gives his wife Nicola Peltz Beckham a kiss on the cheek at the Cloud23 launch party in Los Angeles on Oct. 10.

JP/RV / SplashNews
 Tom Cruise exits the Gaia restaurant in London's Mayfair district on Oct. 10.

Christopher Peterson / SplashNews
 Gwyneth Paltrow makes a return to acting with Marty Supreme, filming in New York City on Oct. 10.

Todd Owyoung/NBC via Getty
 Outer Banks star Madelyn Cline waves to the audience of The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon in New York City on Oct. 10.

Dave Benett/Getty
 Former Broadway castmates Jake Gyllenhaal and Ruth Wilson reunite at a special celebration hosted by Cartier in London on Oct. 10.

Paul Morigi/Getty
 Oprah Winfrey brings chrome to the red carpet at the 2024 Power of Dream celebration in Washington, D.C., on Oct. 10.

Stefanie Keenan/Getty
 Married couple of 26 years Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber opt for jeans at the Cloud23 launch party in L.A. on Oct. 10.

Kayla Oaddams/WireImage
 Anna Kendrick arrives at the premiere of her film Woman of the Hour in Los Angeles on Oct. 10.

Bruce Glikas/WireImage
 Our Town costars Zoey Deutch and Katie Holmes go glam for the play's opening night on Oct. 10 in New York City.

Gilbert Flores/Variety via Getty
 Heather Rae El Moussa, Tarek El Moussa and Jason Oppenheim bring the real estate world to Us Weekly and Pluto TV's Reality Stars of the Year party in L.A. on Oct. 10.

Dave Benett/Getty
 Jamie Dornan enjoys his soda by a fountain at a party hosted by Diet Coke in London on Oct. 10.

Chris Haston/WBTV via Getty
 Tia Mowry, GloRilla and Jennifer Hudson smile after taping an episode of Hudson's talk show in Burbank, California, on Oct. 10.

Todd Williamson/WBTV via Getty
 Arielle Kebbel and Michelle Monaghan glow at the Warner Bros. Fall TV Celebration in Los Angeles on Oct. 10.

MICHAEL TRAN/AFP via Getty 
 Also at the Warner Bros. party, Zachary Quinto has his top button undone as he enters the event in L.A. on Oct. 10.

Theo Wargo/Getty
 Natasha Lyonne, Moses Sumney and Zoë Kravitz smolder into the camera at a Dom Perignon event in tribute to Jean-Michel Basquiat in N.Y.C. on Oct. 10.

Miikka Skaffari/Getty
 Glenn Close and Josh Groban share a smiley moment on the carpet of Bring Change to Mind's fundraiser in Woodside, California, on Oct. 10.

Raphael Pour-Hashemi
 Sacha Baron Cohen rocks a thick turtleneck to a Disclaimer special event in London on Oct. 10.

Raymond Hall/GC Images
 Jordin Sparks enters NBC Studios in New York City wearing a teal pantsuit on Oct. 10.

Rachpoot/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Supermodel Alessandra Ambrosio shows off her chic day-to-day wear while out in Los Angeles on Oct. 10.

Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty
 Jessica Biel, Sammi Yorn, Kate Hudson, Beth Yorn and Maria Menounos pose for a group photo at the Ophelia Eve Jewelry launch in New York City on Oct. 9.

Deonte Lee/BFA.com
 Sarah Paulson, Gherardo Felloni and Danai Gurira enjoy a dinner party hosted by Roger Vivier and Laura Brown in New York City on Oct. 9.

Craig Barritt/Getty
 Linsey Davis, Suzanne Malveaux, Padma Lakshmi, Deborah Roberts and B.A. Snyder are all dressed up for the 2024 Courage in Journalism Awards in N.Y.C. on Oct. 9.

Emerson Mahoney
 Law Roach, David Collins, Karamo Brown and R. Kurt Osenlund discuss the evolution of LGBTQ+ reality TV during Ad Week in New York City on Oct. 7.

Auberge Resorts Collection
 Kate Hudson performs a concert at The Inn at Mattei's Tavern in Los Olivos, California, on Oct. 6, a part of Auberge Resort's concert series presented by Mercedes-Benz.

Ethan Jolie
 Aaron Paul holds a bottle of his Dos Hombres tequila while celebrating the brand with pal Bryan Cranston (not pictured) at TAO Chicago.

Danny Lawson - WPA Pool/Getty
 Kate Middleton is pictured sharing a big laugh as she speaks with members of the Emergency Services during a visit to Southport Community Centre on Oct. 10.

Jamie McCarthy/Getty
 Demi Lovato speaks onstage during the Project Healthy Minds World Mental Health Day Festival at Hudson Yards on Oct. 10 in New York City.

Michael Buckner/Variety via Getty
 Mark Wahlberg shows up for Mario Lopez as he is honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame on Oct. 10 in Los Angeles.

Jordan Strauss/AP Content Services for Conrad N. Hilton Foundation
 Leonardo DiCaprio means serious business while presenting the 2024 Hilton Humanitarian Prize to Amazon Frontlines on Oct. 9, in Beverly Hills, California.

Gilbert Carrasquillo/GC Images
 Justin Theroux and his fiancé Nicole Brydon Bloom are a dashing couple at the New York City Ballet 2024 Fall Fashion Gala at David H. Koch Theater.

Gareth Cattermole/Getty
 Sir Elton John attends the "Elton John: Never Too Late" Headline Gala during the 68th BFI London Film Festival at The Royal Festival Hall on Oct. 10.

Jamie McCarthy/Getty
 Project Healthy Minds CEO Phil Schermer, Carson Daly, and Michael D. Ratner attend the Project Healthy Minds World Mental Health Day Festival at Hudson Yards on Oct. 10 in New York City.

TheImageDirect.com
 A casual Jenna Fischer flashes a smile while out and about in Los Angeles on Oct. 10.

Old Spice
 Flavor Flav and former NFL player Anthony Adams have Kay Adams cracking up as they represent Old Spice on her show Up and Adams on Oct. 10.

Madison McGaw/BFA.com
 Madam Secretary's Erich Bergen poses with Law & Order's Chris Meloni as the two men attend the 9th Annual Global Lyme Alliance Gala in N.Y.C.

Raymond Hall/GC Images
 A cheerful Jordin Sparks struts out of Fox Studios in New York City on Oct. 10.

Santiago Felipe/Getty
 Ice Cube rocks his signature mean mug SiriusXM Studios on Oct. 10 in New York City.

Arturo Holmes/Getty
 Katie Holmes attends the Broadway opening night of Our Town — in which she stars — at the Barrymore Theatre on Oct. 10.

SplashNews
 Oprah Winfrey wears a stylish khaki jumpsuit as she arrives for event at Godmother's bookstore in Summerland, California on Oct. 9.

TheImageDirect.com
 Ines de Ramon stocks up on groceries and some fresh flowers as she's spotted leaving Gelson's market in Los Angeles on Oct. 9.

Noam Galai/Getty
 Will Reeve is dapper as he gets ready to light the Empire State Building in celebration of the premiere of Super/Man: The Christopher Reeve Story as well as the work of the Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation on Oct. 10.

Courtesy of The Macallan
 Mark Ronson gives guests a special performance of his greatest hits at the VIP opening of The Macallan Time: Space Experience in New York City on Oct. 8. 

Ian West/PA Images via Getty
 Stanley Tucci and his wife Felicity Blunt make a beautiful pair as they attend the BFI London Film Festival gala screening of Conclave on Oct. 10

Stephanie D Kleinman/SDK Photo
 Rumer Willis takes the stage for a soulful performance at PATH's 40th Anniversary Gala at Vibiana in Downtown L.A. on Oct. 9.

Jordan Strauss/JanuaryImages
 Andrew Garfield and Tony Hale meet up for a photo at a We Live in Time tastemaker screening in New York City on Oct. 9.

Matt Keeble/Dave Benett/WireImage
 Selena Gomez wears a black dress with a keyhole cutout to an Emilia Pérez photo call at the London Film Festival on Oct. 10.

Alan West/Hogan Media/Shutterstock
 Ed Sheeran crouches for a photo with Elton John at the Virgin Atlantic Attitude Awards in London on Oct. 9.

John Salangsang/Shutterstock
 Liza Minnelli drapes herself over a chair at the Inaugural Gala of the Stars in Beverly Hills, California, on Oct. 9.

JORGE GUERRERO/AFP via Getty
 Antonio Banderas beams as he presents his musical Gypsy in Malaga, Spain, on Oct. 10.

Jared Siskin/Patrick McMullan via Getty
 Justin Theroux and Dianna Agron capture the camera with their gazes at the New York City Ballet 2024 Fall Fashion Gala on Oct. 9.

James Devaney/GC Images
 Also at the N.Y.C. Ballet's 2024 Fall Fashion Gala, Amy Sedaris and Sarah Jessica Parker arrive in sparkling dresses with Andy Cohen on Oct. 9.

Kevin Mazur/Getty
 Kaia Gerber rocks a black fringe dress on the red carpet of the 2024 TIME100 Next event in New York City on Oct. 9.

Paras Griffin/Getty
 Julia Roberts and politician Stacey Abrams are all smiles promoting the Harris-Walz campaign in Canton, Georgia, on Oct. 9.

Myrna M. Suarez/Getty
 Bradley Cooper hosts a dinner with Charitybuzz to support the One Tribe Foundation in New York City on Oct. 9.

John Salangsang/Shutterstock
 DWTS pro Maksim Chmerkovskiy and former contestant JoJo Siwa share a playful moment on the Gala of the Stars red carpet in Beverly Hills, California, on Oct. 9.

Jeanette D. Moses/Shutterstock 
 Busy Philipps and Ben Platt pose in contrasting color palettes for a conversation and performance for Platt's album Honeymind in N.Y.C. on Oct. 9.

Todd Williamson/NBC
 Wendi McLendon-Covey opts for a pantsuit with gold trim at NBC's Fall Comedy Event with PEOPLE and Entertainment Weekly in Universal City, California, on Oct. 9.

Emma McIntyre/Getty
 Chrishell Stause lets out a laugh onstage at "Soaked: A Night of Comedy to Benefit DigDeep" in Los Angeles on Oct. 9.

Dave Benett/Getty 
 Princess Beatrice, in a maroon trench coat, previews the 2024 Frieze Art Fair in London on Oct. 9.

Chris Haston/WBTV via Getty
 Josh Groban visits Jennifer Hudson on her talk show in Burbank, California, on Oct. 9 for an upcoming episode.

Santiago Felipe/Getty
 Common sports Nike attire at the Daily Mail's Off the Record party in New York City on Oct. 9.

Rune Hellestad - Corbis/Redferns
 Jared Leto takes the stage in a sheer black dress in Oslo, Norway, on Oct. 9.

Troy Doney
 Martin Short, the mayor of Funner, California, emcees a luncheon in the city awarding grants to local non-profits on Oct. 9.

Gilbert Flores/Variety via Getty
 Belissa Escobedo, Reba McEntire and Melissa Peterman are in a happy place at the NBC Celebrates Fall Comedy event in Studio City, California, on Oct. 9.

Bonnie Biess/Getty
 Sarah Levine Hall, Rozzi, Jaspre Guest, Ariana DeBose, Brittany Snow and Charlotte Owen snap a group photo at September Letters and Bustle's World Mental Health Day celebration partnered with TOMS at The Blond in N.Y.C. on Oct. 9.

Bruce Glikas/Getty
 Jeremy Shamos, Sean Patrick Flahaven, Bobby Cannavale, David Hyde Pierce and Steven Pasquale sign recordings of Stephen Sondheim's last musical "Here We Are" in N.Y.C. on Oct. 9.

Lila Seeley/Getty
 Julia Butters and the drag queens of the 2024 Best in Drag Show hold out their hands in Los Angeles on Oct. 6. The event generated $275,000 for Alliance for Housing and Healing, the housing arm of APLA Health.

RKDM
 Tori Spelling gets into the spooky season vibes as she travels to Kansas City, Missouri and poses with actors featured in the immersive haunt experience, Exiled: Crooked Rose Woods.

JONATHAN BRADY/POOL/AFP via Getty
 Prince William is pictured deep in conversation during an event supporting young creatives co-hosted by BAFTA and the Royal African Society on Oct. 9.

Jason Mendez/Getty
 Pharrell Williams, Anna Wintour and Lewis Hamilton pose at The Costume Institute's Spring 2025 Exhibition press conference in New York City on Oct. 9.

Roy Rochlin/Getty
 Ben Stiller and his daughter, Ella Stiller, pose at the 2024 Make Equality Reality Gala in New York City on Oct. 8.

Max Cisotti/Dave Benett/Getty
 Saoirse Ronan and Sir Steve McQueen pose for a photo at the 2024 British Film Institute London Film Festival, where their film Blitz premiered on Oct. 9.

Michael Simon
 Zooey Deschanel does press with a flower bag for Vera Bradley's winter collection on Oct. 1 in Los Angeles.

Shane Anthony Sinclair/Getty
 Emma Corrin poses at the Trials and Tribulations conference at the British Film Institute London Film Festival on Oct. 9.

Presley Ann/Getty
 Julianne Hough flashes her pristine smile while at Mel's Diner in West Hollywood as she supports Love Island USA star Kordell Beckham's debut of the "Real Matches are Back" campaign with the creators of "Got Milk?" on Oct. 8.

TheImageDirect.com
 James Cordon walks hand-in-hand with his wife Julia Carey in London on Oct. 8.

Dianna Bush photography 
 David Harbour, Shoshana Bean, Ana Gasteyer, Cecily Strong and Kellie Overbey come in for a pic during an event for reproductive rights organization A is For on Oct. 6 in New York City.

Joshua Sammer/Getty
 Alicia Vikander adjusts her flawless bob while speaking at the 20th Zurich Film Festival on Oct. 9.

Dave Benett/Getty
 Benedict Cumberbatch poses at the Frieze Art Fair 2024 VIP preview in London on Oct. 9.

Joshua Sammer/Getty
 Jennifer Grey gives a fierce pose while on the green carpet for her film A Real Pain at the Zurich Film Festival on Oct. 9.

TheStewartofNY/GC Images
 Uma Thurman is ultra-chic and fall-ready in an all-brown suit in Midtown in New York City on Oct. 9.

Christopher Peterson / SplashNews
 Goldie Hawn waves in a blue pantsuit with her purse and coffee in hand as she arrives at Good Morning America in New York City.

McAlister's Deli
 Halloweentown's Kimberly J. Brown helps McAlister's Deli launch their Halloween menu items.

Raymond Hall/GC Images
 Sheryl Lee Ralph and Seth Phillips, better known as @dudewithsign on Instagram, make an Abbott Elementary-themed joke on cardboard signs in SoHo, New York City, on Oct. 9.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)