By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:40, 29 February 2024   |  Updated:  15:50, 1 March 2024   
 8
View  comments
Eye For Eye actress Blanca Blanco has opened the fashion show for French designer Christophe Guillarme during Paris Fashion Week which is from February 26 to March 5.
The movie star has worked with Guillarme for years on her best red carpet looks for the Emmys and Golden Globes.
Blanca wore a new trend for her makeup: eye contouring that looks almost like a tattoo artist's work.
Experts say cat eyes are out and eye contouring is in. It is basically when lines and shapes are drawn around the eyes for a more artistic effect. 
Selena Gomez and Zendaya are fans of the new trend that has been around for about a year.
Blanca stunned in a deep royal blue dress with ruffles that came in at the waist as she opened the fun show. Her hair was worn back and she had on a necklace by Neuhaus Jewelry. She also had on black boots and held on to a purse.
Scroll down to vote on whether or not you would try eye contouring... 
Eye For Eye actress Blanca Blanco has opened the fashion show for French designer Christophe Guillarme during Paris Fashion Week which is from February 26 to March 5
The movie star has worked with Guillarme for years on her best red carpet looks for the Emmys and Golden Globes . Blanca wore a new trend for her makeup: eye contouring. Experts say cat eyes are out and eye contouring is in. It is basically when lines and shapes are drawn around the eyes for a more artistic effect
Selena Gomez and Zendaya are fans of the new trend that has been around for about a year
Selena seen with the new eye look; eye contouring means using eye liner in places that were normally not used
 Would you try eye contouring? 
 Would you try eye contouring? 
Now share your opinion
The Breaking The Mold author also had on a long shimmering gray and silver gown that looked perfect for the Academy Awards, which falls on March 10 this year.
Earlier this week she shared several images from her trip with DailyMail.com as she modeled satin lingerie she picked up in the City Of Lights.
The brunette pinup looked sensational as she showed off her toned figure which is the result of daily gym work outs and evening power walks around her house in Beverly Hills.
She told DailyMail.com that she loves being in Paris because the city puts her in a 'romantic mood.'
'I don't know what it is, maybe it is all the movies I have seen set in Paris like An American In Paris or even Woody Allen's Midnight In Paris, but I feel this strong sense of romance here,' said Blanco.
'It's a nice change from Los Angeles which is so fast paced.' 
She modeled the clothes inside a boutique hotel in the heart of Paris. 
The Washington state will be walking in a show for French fashion designer Christopher Guillaume.
Blanca stunned in a deep royal blue dress with ruffles that came in at the waist as she opened the fun show
The siren has had a long relationship with the designer becoming his muse. She has worn his designs at several red carpet events like the Emmys and Golden Globe Awards.
The Tale Of Tails star also shared her most recent diet hack with DailyMail.com which involves indulgent desserts.
'I love sweets, I could eat something sweet every single day,' the Breaking The Mold author told DailyMail.com.
'So a friend told me about this incredible hack that I have been using. And it works!'
She said it is all about replacing ingredients.
'I often make chocolate chip cookies at home, it is my favorite ever since I was a child. I used to add in all the ingredients on the package.
'Now I use other  ingredients.'
Blanca said that instead of using sugar, she uses zero calorie sugar like Stevia.
'There are many options these days and it feels a bit like cheating but there are some really healthy options like Stevia and they taste great.
'I also use gluten free flour, low salt, very pure, organic vanilla extract, Keto Chocolate Chips and unsweetened apple sauce.'
Her hair was worn back and she had on a necklace by Neuhaus Jewelry. She also had on black boots 
Blanca arrived in the city over the weekend and said she loves Paris because it makes her feel 'romantic'
The Mission: Possible actress also held onto a black purse with a gold chain strap
She was seen backstage as well before the show began during PFW
Before she walked the show she wore a royal blue plunging tank top
She also had on gray jeans as she looked at her gowns for the show
And the star revealed the lineup of models and dresses for the big day in Paris
Another hack? 'I love baked apples and I used to use real sugar, but now I use Stevia and cinnamon. It is a great treat and not very fattening at all.' 
Last month she shared her diet hack.
'On days I feel lazy I break up my workouts to two 10 minute workouts a day,' she shared. 'I know it sounds silly but if you run on the treadmill for 10 minutes you do work up a sweat. So I do that in the morning. Then later in the day I will do sit ups for another 10 minutes. So that is a 20 minute workout. It really does help and if you do it every day you can lose a pound a week.'
She said she is just like everyone else when it comes to workout burnout.
'A lot of people think I love to go to the gym, and the truth is I sometimes really don't, as in sometimes I would love to stay home and binge watch Netflix,' she told DailyMail.com.
Here the designer is seen in the middle as he holds onto Blanca and other models
'I usually work out for one hour a day, five days a week. I do it for my mental health, because it makes me feel so positive. Even those two 10 minute workouts rev me up and shoots up my endorphins.'
She added that there are other workouts she doesn't consider workouts.
'I walk around my neighborhood for an hour every day, and I know that burns calories too but I really don't consider that a workout,' said the siren who went to her first Emmy Awards this year.
'I do it to get away from my computer and TV, just to unwind and look at the trees and say hello to neighbors, it's very healthy. I don't know why more people don't do it. Just put on some sneakers and get out there and look at the sunset and let all that pressure from the day roll off you.'
The Breaking The Mold author also had on a long shimmering gray and silver gown that looked perfect for the Academy Awards, which falls on March 10 this year
The makeup was the same for the silver gown which had an elaborate belt area on the waist
Last year the star, who will next play therapist Alma Gomez in the movie Ash And Bone 2 -  also shared with DailyMail.com her diet secrets for 2023 that saves her money.
Blanca said that staying slender has a lot to do with timing meals.
'I never eat late at night, this is a golden rule I have adopted this summer. I stop eating at about 6 pm so my body can digest what I have eaten before I go to sleep. 
'So no more late night popcorn bowls or cereal bars. The late night snacks are gone. If I am super hungry I chop up some vegetables and add olive oil and sea salt. But usually I just wait  until breakfast to eat.
'It also saves money. Because sometimes at night I would pop over to Go Greek and buy frozen yogurt to treat myself. I don't do that anymore. 
'I have pretty much given up all desserts at night. Sometimes I would order a fancy dessert that was like $14 after dinner. No more. Sometimes those desserts at nice restaurants can cost a fortune! Once I ordered a chocolate dessert that was $22. It wasn't worth it - too expensive and 1,000 calories.
'If I want something sweet, I have a decaf coffee with some honey.'
The star told DailyMail.com that she is on the Mediterranean Diet at the moment. 'It is heavy in protein so there are not a lot of carbs, which turn into sugar once metabolized,' she said.
'It just requires a lot of fresh vegetables so I am always running to the grocery store.'
The Mediterranean diet beat low-fat diets for weight loss, research has shown. 
On Wednesday the Breaking The Mold author shared several images from her trip with DailyMail.com as she modeled satin lingerie 
Switching from an omnivore diet to a plant-based diet was found to help the majority of people lose weight, possibly because of the boost in fiber intake and the reduction of animal proteins in favor of plant proteins, among other reasons, per a systematic review published in Diabetes, Metabolic Syndrome and Obesity: Targets and Therapy in 2020.   
In June Blanca talked working out. 
'I try to exercise five days a week for one hour a day,' said the Mission: Possible star.
'Cardio and weight training are key. I use weights to stay toned. Ten pound dumbbells are great for toning. 
'Some weeks are challenging to keep up with the routine, I try to be kind to myself when I can't do routine, and know even one day or five minutes of training a day is 100% better than nothing.
'I sometimes just walk around my neighborhood for 15 minutes when I don't have time to go to the gym. 
'I have a walk app too so walking to the car or going to the gas station helps, all add up.'
The thespian attended her first Emmy Awards this year and told DailyMail.com that she was hungry because there was no food and Selena Gomez was very friendly
And she says the advice to drink more water really works. 
'Not only it's beneficial to our organs but I notice it helps with my skin too. Bye bye zits. The best way to know if we are drinking enough is take your body weight and divide it by two, the result is the amount of ounces we need for the day.'
And she also shared that lowering stress is also very helpful to weight loss.  'Take it one day at a time,' said the star who grew up in Washington state. Stress can get in our way but every little step we take makes a difference. Keep it simple! Be kind to yourself.'
This sad woman keeps trying,  It&rsquor;s not goin...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group