V’s New Music Friday picks for the fourth week of February 
V’s New Music Friday picks for the fourth week of February 
February’s fourth week has some incredible new tracks in store for listeners! SZA’s highly-anticipated new single “Saturn” – which she teased during a Grammys commercial – is finally here, and the track has proven itself to be worth the wait! Selena Gomez has released her first track of 2024, while Allie X’s long-awaited fifth studio album is finally here. Breakout artists Nick Ward and Emmy Meli are back with respective new singles. Read below for more on these new releases and be sure to add them to your playlist!
SZA emerged victorious at the 66th annual Grammy Awards this month, taking home three awards for Best R&B Song, Best Progressive R&B Album, and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance. But her live performance and wins weren’t the only thing capturing fans’ attention – she also debuted a brand-new track during a MasterCard commercial. Today, “Saturn” is finally available on streaming, much to the delight of listeners. SZA’s stunning vocals paired with her introspective lyrics make “Saturn” a standout track – and we can’t wait to see what she has in store for us next!
Selena Gomez is back with her first release of 2024 and follow up to last year’s independence anthem “Single Soon,” produced by her now boyfriend Benny Blanco. Now, Gomez is embracing her inner lover girl with the fun and flirty track “Love On,” which is set to appear along with “Single Soon” on her upcoming, yet-to-be-announced record. 
Genre-bending rising artist Nick Ward has had an incredible year – recently named Ticketmaster’s 2023 Breakthrough Artist following a successful headlining tour, he’s back with his latest single “Gimme,” set to be featured on his forthcoming debut full-length album due later this year. The release is paired with an accompanying video, further delving into the track visually. After two EPs, Ward has solidified his unique, transcendent sound – a blend of indie bedroom pop, rock, electronic, and hip-hop.
Pop guru Allie X’s highly-anticipated fifth studio album Girl With No Face is finally here – Girl With No Face. The 11-song project marks Allie’s first ever self-produced album, a rare feat, and its authenticity shows – the experimental tracks strike a balance between being unfamiliarly modern and reminiscent of earlier musical decades. Latest single “Weird World” joins three previously unreleased tracks, with an accompanying music video released in tandem with the project.
In late 2021, breakout artist Emmy Meli’s self-love anthem “I AM WOMAN” went viral – the empowering track has since reached more than 350 million streams and counting. Now, she’s back with a tongue-in-cheek breakup anthem, continuing her girl power theme. Like “I AM WOMAN,” “Breakthrough” showcases Meli’s incredible vocal range – reminiscent of Amy Winehouse – and empowering lyrics.
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!