By TERRY ZELLER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:20, 1 May 2024   |  Updated:  02:51, 1 May 2024   
 86
View  comments
Benny Blanco confessed on Monday that his culinary prowess has the ability to turn on his girlfriend Selena Gomez.
The 36-year-old music producer — who confirmed his romance with Selena in December — took to his Instagram to document a romantic gesture for the pop star: a lavish steak dinner he had prepared for her.
'I woke up early this morning and I was like, "I want to do something nice for my girlfriend,'" he began. 'I was thinking, whenever I want to put a smile on her face or get laid, I just make her steak.' 
The artist then demonstrated how he gets Selena in the mood. 
He skillfully fried potatoes, crafted his own salad dressing, whipped some cream and grilled the steak before delivering the dish to Selena's home. 
Benny Blanco confessed that his culinary prowess has the ability to turn on his girlfriend Selena Gomez on Monday
The 36-year-old music producer took to his Instagram to document a romantic gesture for her: a lavish steak dinner he had prepared for her
'I’m going to write a cute little note and leave it by her bed so she can eat it later,' he said as he entered Selena's bedroom, where she was asleep. 
'I love you! Sleep well! I made you steak!' Benny scribbled on a napkin with the meal before giving her hand a gentle squeeze.
The video concluded with the pop star returning the gesture by squeezing his hand. 
The Only Murders In The Building star then marked the thoughtful gesture by sharing a snapshot of her boyfriend's note on her Instagram Story, accompanied by a simple white heart. 
Benny had previously disclosed that another way to win Selena's affection was through fried pickles. 
While [reparing a homemade batch for her on Valentine’s Day 2024, he quipped to his followers, 'Fried pickles get laid.'
The culinary video comes after Benny claims he was 'the last one to know' that he was in love with Selena.
Speaking to WSJ. Magazine, Benny shared: 'I was the last one to know.
'I woke up early this morning and I was like, "I want to do something nice for my girlfriend,'" he began
'I was thinking, whenever I want to put a smile on her face or get laid, I just make her steak' he added
He skillfully fried potatoes, crafted his own salad dressing, whipped some cream and grilled the steak before delivering the dish to Selena's home
'It’s crazy how your partner could just be sitting there the whole time, right in front of your eyes, and you don’t even notice.
'And then you have that Clueless moment where you’re like, "Wait, I’m in love."'
Benny and Selena share a longstanding connection as music collaborators. 
They initially crossed paths as teenagers and later joined forces on Gomez's sophomore album, Revival, before officially becoming romantically involved in June of last year. 
Since then, the couple have been openly affectionate about their relationship, frequently sharing moments of intimacy on their Instagrams. 
In February, the Lose You To Love Me hitmaker posted intimate photos of Blanco holding her close as she sat on his lap.
She also posted a snapshot of them engaged in a passionate kiss backstage at the 2024 Golden Globes in January, following her defeat for the best actress in a television series award to The Bear star Ayo Edebiri.
Even in the face of disappointment, she proclaimed herself a victor, captioning the photo with her boyfriend, 'I won.'
'I’m going to write a cute little note and leave it by her bed so she can eat it later,' he said as he entered Selena's bedroom, where she was asleep
On December 7, Selena confirmed the romance when she liked an Instagram post from the account @popfactions that reported the 'rumored' romance.
After the account published another post that read, 'Selena Gomez Seemingly Confirms That She Is In A Relationship,' Selena wrote, 'Facts.'
Selena has previously been involved in high-profile relationships with celebrities including Justin Bieber, The Weeknd, Zedd, Nick Jonas and Taylor Lautner.
Benny was previously rumored to have been romantically linked with Elsie Hewitt, a model and actress from London (who has since been associated with Jason Sudeikis).

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group