By SAMEER SURI and TERRY ZELLER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:37, 5 December 2024   |  Updated:  07:13, 5 December 2024   
 25
View  comments
Julia Fox wore a top that was certain to catch the eye when she was spotted stepping out for a night on the town in Los Angeles this Wednesday.
The Uncut Gems actress, who achieved new heights of fame for a brief public runaround with Kanye West in late 2021, has been hitting the headlines for her recent outfits.
 Just before Thanksgiving, she left onlookers stunned as she went tantalizingly bra-less under a bizarre ensemble that appeared to be inspired by a nurse's uniform.
She then suffered an unfortunately wardrobe malfunction when one of her nipples poked out of her gown at an Awards Show afterparty in London.
Now the 24-year-old has returned home to America, and during her latest stateside outing she made yet another bold impression with her apparel.
Her crop top had a bust that was designed to look like a set of large drooping bra cups dangling down to slightly past her waistline.
Julia Fox wore a top that was certain to catch the eye when she was spotted stepping out for a night on the town in Los Angeles this Wednesday
Julia, who once bragged that she has 'dated billionaires my entire adult life,' selected a top that allowed her to show off her enviably taut midriff.
She slipped into a ruffled high-cut skirt, flaunting her statuesque legs to full advantage and amplifying the effect with a slinky set of black leather stiletto boots.
Sharpening her unmistakable features with heavy makeup, she let her new ash-grey hair cascade freely over her shoulders as she headed to dinner.
Hours earlier, she unveiled a bold new hair transformation at The Hollywood Reporter Women in Entertainment gala on Wednesday.
The 34-year-old actress and influencer ditched her signature light brown locks for an edgy icy grey hue, subtly streaked with hints of purple. 
She styled her hair in a sleek, straight blowout, a striking departure from her usual curly look, as she confidently made her way down the red carpet at the Beverly Hills Hotel.
Renowned for her daringly scanty outfits, she also opted for a more demure look in a crisp white dress shirt paired with a sleek black tailored suit that exuded an air of professionalism at the event.
Amidst a gathering of Hollywood luminaries, including Nicole Kidman—who received the esteemed Sherry Lansing Leadership Award—and Selena Gomez, honored with the Equity in Entertainment Award, Julia certainly made her mark.
The Uncut Gems actress, who achieved new heights of fame for a brief public runaround with Kanye West in late 2021, has been hitting the headlines for her recent outfits
Her off-white crop top had a bust that was designed to look like a pair of large drooping breasts that fell down to slightly past her waistline
Julia, who once bragged that she has 'dated billionaires my entire adult life,' selected a top that allowed her to show off her enviably taut midriff
Sharpening her unmistakable features with heavy makeup, she let her ash-blonde hair cascade freely over her shoulders as she headed to dinner
The Milan-born model added a splash of contrast to the look by accessorizing with a large lime green handbag that clashed trendily against the black boots and off-white attire
A few days later she commanded attention again when she suffered a nip slip whilst entering the Chiltern Firehouse in London
Julia unveiled a bold new hair transformation at The Hollywood Reporter Women in Entertainment gala on Wednesday, following her eye-catching nip slip the night before; (R in June)
The 34-year-old actress and influencer ditched her signature light brown locks for an edgy icy grey hue, subtly streaked with hints of purple
Other notable attendees included Pamela Anderson, Anna Kendrick, Bryce Dallas Howard, Danielle Brooks, Ariana Madix and Kathy Bates.
This gala followed Julia's bold appearance in a sheer gown that left little to the imagination, where she inadvertently experienced a nip slip while making her entrance at the Chiltern Firehouse in London.
She showed off her incredible figure in a white corseted Dilara Findikoglu gown with a sheer bodice and skirt.
The wardrobe malfunction comes a few weeks after fans were buzzing after Fox introduced Charli XCX ahead of her performance on Saturday Night Live.
The moment sent social media into a frenzy, as Charli's 2024 megahit 360 features a lyric that references Fox: 'I'm everywhere, I'm so Julia.'
The track pays homage to Julia, who has become a cultural phenomenon since her breakout role in Uncut Gems and her headline-grabbing romance with Kanye West following his divorce from Kim Kardashian.
Fox stole the spotlight on in Studio 8-H in a daring black leather bra and edgy football-inspired outfit while introducing Charli. 
Viewers quickly labeled the collaboration 'iconic' and 'so special.'
'Julia Fox introducing @charli.xcx to perform '360' is a little bit too iconic… she's really everywhere she's so Julia! #SNL,' one fan raved.
'Julia Fox introducing Charliixcx hell yeah!', wrote another, as one chimed in, 'Julia Fox introducing charli on snl is so cute.'
Amidst a gathering of Hollywood luminaries, including Nicole Kidman— who received the esteemed Sherry Lansing Leadership Award —and Selena Gomez , honored with the Equity in Entertainment Award, Julia certainly made her mark
'So special to me, posted another fan, as yet another shared, 'A perfect pairing.'
'I wrote this song, which is basically about how you [Julia Fox] started every trend of 2022,' Charli explained to Interview of 360. 
''I'm everywhere. I'm so Julia,' as in, I'm the reference. I'm everywhere like Julia Fox is everywhere.'
'When you're in the mirror, do you like what you see? / When you're in the mirror, you're just looking at me / I'm everywhere, I'm so Julia.'
'Before even reading [Julia's memoir], I wrote this song, which is basically about how you started every trend of 2022,' Charli revealed. 
'And there's this line in it that goes, 'I'm everywhere. I'm so Julia,' as in, I'm the f*****g reference. I'm everywhere like Julia Fox is everywhere.'
In an interview on the Zach Sang Show, Fox explained that being 'so Julia' essentially means 'just being that girl.'
This gala followed Julia's bold appearance in a sheer gown that left little to the imagination, where she inadvertently experienced a nip slip while making her entrance at the Chiltern Firehouse in London
She added that it's about 'being confident and putting yourself out there, being out, being about, and being the center of attention. Just being that bitch.' 
Fox shared that being featured on a song has 'always been a dream' of hers, and it felt even more special coming from Charli XCX. 
'It was the coolest thing ever,' she said. 
'I feel like she really actually supports women and she supports unconventional women. Women that society maybe looks at and is confused by, she's not confused, you know? She sees the truth.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group