By Bruce Haring 

Selena Gomez last toured in 2016. She isn’t anxious to repeat the experience, particularly with her acting career booming.  

	In a cover story interview with Time, Gomez revealed mixed feelings.

	“Nothing makes me happier than 90 minutes of being with my fans and just celebrating together,” Gomez said, adding she feels “50/50” on the matter.

	“It is very emotionally draining for me. And then you realize you’re just surrounded by a bunch of people that you’re paying,” Gomez added.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Selena Gomez Says Social Media Has Made Her "A Tad Bitter": "Everyone Just Has Something To Say"		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Taylor Swift Praises Selena Gomez's Album 'I Said I Love You First'		
			







	The last time Gomez toured, she called a halt to things and revealed she was struggling with anxiety and depression as a side effect from lupus. 

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	She’s now cautious on who she spends time with.  

	“It’s a cliché, but girls are mean,” she said. “It’s a very weird competition, being in the cool girls area—and then I’m just kind of like, there. I don’t know where I’m meant to belong.”

	Gomez added, “I love having levelheaded people around that couldn’t give two f—s about what I do.” 

	Still, there are days where anxiety rules.  

	“It’s hard,” she said. “You could be in a crowd of people and still feel alone. I still deal with that.”

	While touring may not be happening for Gomez, she attended the Cannes Film Festival to promote her new film, Emilia Pérez, for which she won a Best Actress award. She’s also filming the next season of her hit TV series, Only Murders in the Building, where she stars alongside Steve Martin and Martin Short. 
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.