Selena Gomez has proven her beauty chameleon status once again. The actor and Rare Beauty founder debuted a new flippy bob haircut at the Academy Museum Gala on October 19, where she completed her look with a navy gown and glossy silver manicure.
The flippy bob is Gomez’s latest buzzy beauty look during her promotional tour for her new film Emilia Perez. In the past few weeks, Gomez has worn everything from dark feminine energy makeup to apple cider nails and Old Hollywood waves.
Selena Gomez’s flippy bob haircut is an offshoot of the trending doll bob, which features the same polished look and short length. But instead of the ends of the hair curling in, Gomez’s hair is styled outward. However, both versions touch upon the same throwback era.
“The doll bob brings a retro vibe with a modern twist, combining the elegance of classic glamour with contemporary touches,” Jennifer Korab, celebrity hairstylist, colorist, educator, and founder of Renaissance Salon & Spa, tells Glamour. The doll bob is especially versatile. “It works well on oval, heart, and square face shapes, as its soft edges balance and flatter facial features,” she explains.
Gomez’s lob is especially suited to her face shape. “A longer version is ideal for round faces to add length,” adds Korab.
Why are polished bobs having a moment? According to Michelle Cleveland, celebrity hairstylist, extensions artist, educator, and owner of Hair Addict Salon & Extension Bar, colder weather brings a complete vibe change. “Summertime is all about relaxed, lived-in, and carefree hairstyling. As we transition into cooler temps, most women want a change in their hairstyle, and this cut delivers,” she says. “It’s such a classic look that will never go out of style, so if you’re trying to jump on this trend it’s kind of a safe bet.”
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices