Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Gomez revealed she was dating record producer Blanco in December 2023. 

							By 

	Abid Rahman

International Editor, Digital

Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco are engaged! 

	The singer, actress and Rare Beauty entrepreneur publicly revealed the happy news on her official Instagram account, posting pictures of her engagement ring and captioning the post, “forever begins now….”



	Gomez, 32, revealed she was dating record producer Benny Blanco in December 2023, although they had been romantically linked since June of last year. The pair had previously worked together on Gomez’s singles “Single Soon” from 2023 and 2019 song “I Can’t Get Enough.”





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Box Office: 'Thunderbolts*' Storms to Promising $11.5M in Previews		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					Jeremy Renner Claims Disney Only Offered "Half" His Salary for a 'Hawkeye' Season 2		
			








	Asked about her relationship with Blanco in a November cover story for The Hollywood Reporter, Gomez revealed, “this is the safest I’ve ever felt in one, and I see a future with this person.”

	










	It’s been an incredible year for Gomez, with huge success on film, TV and now in her personal life. Earlier this year at the Cannes Film Festival, Gomez jointly won the best actress award with her Emilia Perez co-stars Karla Sofía Gascón, Adriana Paz and Zoe Saldaña. She was also nominated for an Emmy for outstanding lead actress in a comedy series for her role in Hulu’s Only Murders in the Building. This week, she received two Golden Globe nominations (for Emilia Perez and Only Murders in the Building).

	Last week, Gomez also received the Equity in Entertainment Award at The Hollywood Reporter’s Women in Entertainment gala breakfast. And just yesterday, Gomez broke the Internet at the Academy Women’s Lunch.

	Blanco, 36, is a celebrated producer who has worked with a veritable who’s who of the music world, including Ed Sheeran, BTS, Eminem, Justin Bieber, Halsey, Katy Perry, Christina Aguilera, Kesha, Britney Spears, Rihanna, Sia, The Weeknd, Kanye West, Avicii, Charlie Puth, Wiz Khalifa, J Balvin, Ariana Grande and SZA.
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.