By SAMEER SURI FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  03:29, 7 July 2024   |  Updated:  08:28, 7 July 2024   
 45
View  comments
Selena Gomez was seen clinging to her boyfriend Benny Blanco at their sun-drenched Fourth Of July party in Malibu.
While stars galore flocked to the Hamptons for the Independence Day bash at Michael Rubin's $50 million mansion, Selena and Benny stayed out west.
The 31-year-old pop star gazed up at her boyfriend, who placed a hand affectionately on her shoulder as she wrapped an arm round his waist.
She was also surrounded by friends, with whom she was spotted enjoying a stroll on the beach amid the sweltering California summer.
Benny and Selena posed for a heartwarming Instagram picture together in their party outfits, he gathering her into an embrace from behind.
Selena Gomez, 31, was seen clinging to her boyfriend Benny Blanco, 36, at their sun-drenched Fourth Of July party in Malibu
She was also surrounded by friends, with whom she was spotted enjoying a stroll on the beach amid the sweltering California summer
Their party came after claims Selena has 'talked about marriage and having children' with Benny and thinks he is 'The One.'
The Come And Get It singer went public with Benny in December, revealing that they had been secretly dating for six months.
Now a source has shared that Selena is 'ready to settle down' and feels that she 'has found the love of her life' in Benny.
'He makes her feel secure and happy. They both think they’ve found the person they’ll be with forever,' the insider told Us Weekly.
'She definitely sees this relationship going the distance,' the source added, noting that her 'friends and family' are also enthusiastic about the match.
The insider shared details of their long-term plans, saying: 'They’ve talked about marriage and having children and are very much on the same page.' 
Selena, whose property portfolio includes homes in Los Angeles and Manhattan, is now said to want to live in New York because Benny is based there.
Benny is himself a high-flyer in the music industry, as a record producer and songwriter who has worked with a variety of artists including Selena, Halsey, Ed Sheeran, Rihanna, Britney Spears, Katy Perry, Charlie Puth and Kanye West. 
The claims about his relationship with Selena come after Benny bragged on social media about his sex life with the Come And Get It singer.
Benny and Selena posed for a heartwarming Instagram picture together in their party outfits, he gathering her into an embrace from behind 
Now a source has shared that Selena is 'ready to settle down' and feels that she 'has found the love of her life' in Benny
'She definitely sees this relationship going the distance,' the source added, noting that her 'friends and family' are also enthusiastic about the match; pictured in January
Selena, whose property portfolio includes homes in Los Angeles and Manhattan, is now said to want to live in New York because Benny is based there
He let slip a few details about his romance with Selena while sharing an Instagram image of a steak dinner that he had prepared for her. 
'I woke up early this morning and I was like: "I want to do something nice for my girlfriend,'" said the 36-year-old musician.
'I was thinking, whenever I want to put a smile on her face or get laid, I just make her steak,' dished Benny, whose real name is Benjamin Levin.
Benny has just published a new cookbook called Open Wide, an achievement he celebrated on Tuesday with a cake made to look like the volume.
Selena posted a suggestive Instagram snap that evening of herself licking the cake - specifically, the image of Benny in the frosting, just below the waist.
A couple of months ago, Selena glowingly revealed that she feels 'safest' in her 'awesome,' 'lovely' relationship with Benny.
'Without getting into too much detail, I think it's just really important to meet someone that respects you, and I think it's really nice to also lean on someone who understands the world that I live in,' she told Zane Lowe on Apple Music 1.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group