So…Selena Gomez may have confirmed recent rumors about her relationship with Benny Blanco. Sure, Gomez hasn’t explicitly said she's engaged to the 36-year-old music producer, but her most recent Instagram Story is pretty self-explanatory. Don’t worry, we’ll explain anyway.
On August 8, the 34-year-old “Single Soon” singer posted a bathroom mirror selfie that had fans zeroed in on her left hand. In the pic, Gomez posed in an off-the-shoulder shimmering midi-dress and strappy heeled sandals while an ever-barefoot Blanco faced away from the camera. However, it wasn’t just her chic red manicure that drew attention to her digits—it was the pink heart emoji she placed directly over her left ring finger; you know, the place engagement rings live.
That same day, Gomez posted a series of photos and videos on Instagram that feature her and Blanco in various forms of romantic embrace. Though Gomez’s Instagram comments section is limited, that didn’t stop fans from speculating about their relationship status on X.com and TikTok.
“Selena Gomez announcing she’s engaged by intentionally trying not to announce that she’s engaged,” one X.com posted alongside a screenshot of Gomez’s Instagram Story. Another wrote, "It’s official that SELENA GOMEZ is engaged to Benny Blanco, but we Selenators are not ready for this news!!!”
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
TikTok user Jessica Weslie Arena called the Instagram Story a “game changer” in one TikTok video about the rumors, which popped up on Deux Moi this earlier this month. “I honestly wasn’t believing it, but this photo that Selena Gomez just posted to her Instagram story is kind of making me think otherwise, because she’s obviously blocking her ring finger with a heart,” she said in her post.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Still, the TikTok creator suggests Gomez could be “gaslighting” her fans or “making fun” of the engagement rumors. “The only reason why I think that maybe she’s not engaged, though, is her and Benny Blanco only started dating in December,” she said, adding that it “hasn’t even been a year.”
On the contrary, Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco have actually been together for a little over a year. While Gomez didn’t confirm her relationship until December 2023, the pair started dating around June of last year. “It’s been 6 months bb,” Gomez responded to one Instagram user expressing their disapproval in December. "I will always defend my friends family and fans till the day I die.”
Clearly, she’s already got the “'Till death do us part” energy down. Even so, we should probably wait for further confirmation before we start popping Champagne.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices