Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The 'Only Murders in the Building' star hosts a new Food Network show, 'Selena + Restaurant,' that takes viewers into Los Angeles culinary hotspots like Lemon Grove, Ms Chi, Alta, CUT Steakhouse and more. 

							By 

	Nicole Fell


Selena Gomez is leaving her home kitchen behind and heading out into some of Los Angeles’ hottest kitchens in a new Food Network show.

Selena + Restaurant, premiering May 2 on Food Network, will take viewers into the kitchens of six buzzy L.A. restaurants.



	The cooking skills Gomez gained during her Max show Selena + Chef — where master chefs help the pop star and actress learn to cook — will be put to the test by some of L.A.’s best chefs including Shirley Chung, Keith Corbin, Stephanie Izard, Andrew and Michelle Muñoz, Wolfgang Puck and Marcel Vigneron. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					'Wizards Beyond Waverly Place' Renewed at Disney		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Benny Blanco Made a List of "All the Things I Want" in Future Wife Before Selena Gomez Relationship		
			








	Over the course of six episodes, the Only Murders in the Building star will be tested by the chefs in the hopes of creating a new dish for each restaurant’s menu. Gomez’s best friend Raquelle Stevens, a contestant on Selena + Chef, will accompany her throughout the show.  

	“After cooking mostly virtually from my kitchen with some of the best chefs for the last four years, I was thrilled to step into their world,” Gomez said in a release. “You’ll have to see if being in person helped my skills at all.”

	The show kicks off with double episodes. The first episode features Puck at his Beverly Hills restaurant CUT Steakhouse and the second episode features Chung at her Culver City spot Ms Chi. 

	At CUT, Gomez and Stevens join Puck as Gomez must pass Puck’s test and master one of his classic dishes. She will also create her take on a spicy seafood dish with the hopes of it being added to the menu. 

	At Ms Chi, Gomez joins Chung in the kitchen to make a “fusion version of a beloved dish from Selena’s childhood,” according to the release. Gomez and Stevens will visit four additional restaurants throughout the season. 

	Take a look at the other spots the pair will stop at:

Lemon Grove

	Gomez will join Vigneron at the Hollywood hotspot Lemon Grove. The rooftop restaurant is located in the boutique hotel and member’s club, The Aster. The spot opened in 2022 and is inspired by Old Hollywood.

Alta 

	Corbin and Gomez will spend time in the kitchen of the soul food restaurant Alta. Corbin and co-chef Daniel Patterson opened the initial group of Alta restaurants in the Bay area before opening their L.A. spot in the West Adams neighborhood. Corbin’s take on soul food mixes traditional West African food and California cuisine. 

	










Girl & the Goat

	Gomez will also visit Izard at her downtown restaurant, Girl & the Goat. The Chicago-originated restaurant opened its L.A. location in the summer of 2021 and has been a crowd favorite ever since. The L.A. team, while still on brand with the Chicago location, aims to constantly create new dishes inspired by local produce and flavors.

	Finally, Gomez will try her hand at Texas barbecue at Moo’s Craft Barbecue with Andrew and Michelle Muñoz. The duo started their popular BBQ spot as a pop-up in an East L.A. backyard in 2017. The restaurant — which, according to Hollywood producer Jamie Patricoff, makes one of the town’s best burgers —  can now be found in L.A.’s Lincoln Heights neighborhood. 

Selena + Restaurant premieres on Food Network May 2 with an episode at 7 p.m. and 7:30 p.m. The show will also be available to stream on Max. 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.