We may earn a commission if you buy something from any affiliate links on our site.
An English rose is, according to a cursory Google search, a nostalgic ideal of a young English woman who possesses a modest, natural beauty. She is well-mannered and goodhearted, dignified in social settings, with raven hair and just-pinched cheeks. Someone, perhaps, like the Texas-born Selena Gomez, who was almost taken down by an enthusiastic fan this weekend but blamed her loose footing on her own shoes.
Selena Gomez in London.
Then there’s the Schiaparelli tartan – a virgin wool miniskirt and matching jacket embellished with antique-ish buttons – that Gomez wore to pose before a flower wall at 180 The Strand, the home of both London Fashion Week and Sunday’s Netflix Awards brunch. She looked as though she could have been hosting a Sandringham-style gathering on a hunting-shooting-fishing weekend in the countryside.
Selena Gomez in London.
Gomez has been building on this look for a while. The multi-hyphenate not long ago evoked the image of Kate Middleton’s country casuals in a breton-striped Simple Retro top and a camel Frankie Shop trench coat while promoting her new film, Emilia Pérez, in which she plays a cartel wife, at the Telluride Film Festival. Even her drop-waisted Erdem spring/summer 2025 dress – worn at a London screening of that same movie this weekend – had been embroidered with period roses. She wears England well.
ALEXANDER MCQUEEN
Women’s Distressed Macqueen Tartan Mini Dress In Red/Black/Yellow
alexander mcqueen
Chopova Lowena
Tartan-Pattern Midi-Skirt
Selfridges
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast