The hot new couple brought their latest flirt session to Instagram. Get all the details.

													By
												

	Kyle Denis


Benny Blanco only has eyes for Selena Gomez — heart eyes, that is. The Grammy-nominated producer set up shop in the comment section of his boo’s latest Instagram selfie, clearly too stunned for words.

	The “Single Soon” star shared a trio of fresh-faced selfies on her official Instagram page on Sunday (Jan. 28) with a simple caption of a single planet Earth emoji. Like any good boyfriend, Blanco made his way to the comments and left three heart eye emojis — presumably one for each selfie in Gomez’s photoset.

	










	The new photos cap off a whirlwind month for Gomez across television and media. In the past month, she graced the red carpets at both the Golden Globes and the Emmys, where she was nominated at both ceremonies for her work on the hit Hulu murder mystery Only Murders in the Building. Last week (Jan. 18), it was officially announced that Gomez would be teaming up with former Wizards of Waverly Place co-star David Henrie to co-produce a reboot of the Emmy-winning hit Disney Channel sitcom. A few days prior (Jan. 14), The Hollywood Reporter confirmed that Oscar-nominated director David O. Russel would helm the upcoming Linda Ronstadt biopic, in which Gomez is slated to star as the 11-time Grammy winner. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	The new Instagram post marks the first new addition to Gomez’s feed since a Jan. 8 post flaunting her ruby red Golden Globes gown. In the interim, the Grammy nominee has remained active on her Instagram Story, despite announcing a social media break shortly after the rumors that followed her and Taylor Swift‘s on-camera gossip session at the Globes ceremony.

	Selena Gomez has earned nine top 10 hits on the Billboard Hot 100, including her sole No. 1 hit, 2019’s “Lose You to Love Me,” as well as “Same Old Love” (No. 5), “Come & Get It” (No. 6) and “Hands to Myself” (No. 7). On the Billboard 200, the multi-hyphenate has sent six titles to the chart’s top 10, including the chart-toppers Stars Dance (2013), Revival (2015) and Rare (2020). As an artist, Benny Blanco has landed seven songs on the Hot 100, including the top 10 hits “Eastside” (with Halsey & Khalid, No. 9) and “Bad Decisions” (with BTS & Snoop Dogg, No. 10).

	Check out Selena Gomez’s beautiful new selfies (and Benny Blanco’s adorable comment) here:
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.