Let Selena Gomez, J.Lo, and other celebrities inspire your next outfit.
Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Winter is, inevitably, a tough season to dress for—and even more so at the office. With the weather fluctuating between freezing and mild, it’s easy to reach for your standard knit sweaters, long-sleeve dresses, wool trousers, tights, and boots. That said, even the most creative dressers can find themselves in a sartorial rut every now and then. So, allow me to reinvigorate your wardrobe with some new winter workwear inspiration.
Ahead, I’ve rounded up some of the chicest office-appropriate ensembles to inspire your next cold-weather outfit. Taking a page from the most stylish celebrities and street style mavens, you’ll quickly see that the art of layering (particularly with outerwear and knits) will be crucial to master this season, whether that involves throwing on a blazer, draping a sweater over your shoulders, or even switching between a trench coat and a puffer jacket. I’ve also provided options that run the range of dress codes—so, yes, there are some really good winter work outfits with jeans included.
So, what are you waiting for? Find your next work look below.
A long leather skirt styled with an oversized blazer and tall boots is the perfect (and foolproof) outfit for when you want a chic and elevated look. Make it a monochromatic by matching your skirt to your top and tie it all together with a belt for a subtle but impactful detail—the contrast of your jacket makes it really pop.
When your office runs on the casual side—or you work from home—a simple outfit like this one is a no-brainer. Throw on your favorite loafers and a long wool coat, and you’re good to go.
You can never go wrong with dark neutrals in the winter, especially an all-black ensemble. And when you pair it with sleek earrings and classic pumps like the newly engaged Selena Gomez, it’ll become your go-to winter work outfit.
An oversized wool cardigan adds a cozy layer to your outfit, especially when the freezing temps are outside of the office and inside. Take a cue from Jennifer Lopez and wear yours over a black leather skirt and a classic button-up collared shirt for the quintessential layered winter look.
Go back to business casual basics with a matching grey suit à la Phoebe Dynevor. For a modern take, wear a colorful tank underneath and pair it with leather boots. After all, the most reliable option in the winter is sometimes the best, especially with the unpredictability of the weather.
Nothing feels quite as chic as a winter coat with faux-fur trim—just ask Alessandra Ambrosio (as well as all the Danish girls sporting the style). Style it with a cashmere and wool turtleneck sweater, which adds luxe and warmth. Without a doubt, this is an outerwear staple that dresses up just about anything: skirts, trousers, your trusted denim jeans, you name it. And don’t forget a pair of kitten-heeled boots, the ultimate winter work shoe.
For a tried-and-true workwear look, consider a sleek pencil skirt and a simple sweater—which feels like a classic office ensemble. I suggest opting for a neutral shade (like this gorgeous khaki), styled with a black top and simple slingbacks. 
Layering is all about versatility, and this outfit is just about as versatile as it gets. (Emma Watson knows this all too well). From your daily commute to long travel days, there’s nowhere this ensemble won’t work. Plus, it’s great for the weeks in between seasons when you transition from one wardrobe to the next. And when you’re feeling chilly at the office, throw on your favorite cashmere sweater to stay warm.
Every product featured on ELLE.com is independently researched, tested, or editor-approved. We only recommend products that we stand behind, and the merchandise featured on our site is always driven by editorial and product testing standards, not by affiliate deals or advertising relationships. Any content created in partnership with advertisers is marked as such.
A Shopping Editor’s Review of COS
The Ultimate Guide to Chic One-Piece Swimsuits
Inside Olga de Amaral’s New Exhibit in Miami
Luxe Earth Sign Gifts for Taurus Season
Where Fashion Insiders Find Designer Deals
13 Comfortable Wedge Sandals to Elevate Your Looks
The Launch: Fashion News to Know This April
Sofia Grainge Releases Summer Mommy-and-Me Styles
Elevate Mom’s Everyday Moments With These Gifts
Wild Flowers: ELLE’s May Shopping Guide
Inside Rachel Platten’s Purposeful Voices Campaign
David Yurman Opens New Flagship Boutique in Miami
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.