The actresses were both caught whispering at the awards ceremony last weekend.
Emlyn Travis is a news writer at Entertainment Weekly with over five years of experience covering the latest in entertainment. A proud Kingston University alum, Emlyn has written about music, fandom, film, television, and awards for multiple outlets including MTV News, Teen Vogue, Bustle, BuzzFeed, Paper Magazine, Dazed, and NME. She joined EW in August 2022.
 Selena Gomez and Emily Blunt will be moving in silence from here on out — or so they say (don't say?).

 The actresses — who were the target of separate lip-reading rumors at the Golden Globes last weekend — poked fun at all the commotion online by posing for a cheeky photo together at the 2023 American Film Institute Awards in Los Angeles on Friday.

 In the shot, Gomez and Blunt can be seen with their hands covering their mouths to prevent anymore potential rumors from tumbling out. Gomez later reposted the image on her Instagram Story with the caption, “We shall not speak lol.” 

Jay L. Clendenin / Los Angeles Times via Getty; Selena Gomez/Instagram
 Gomez and Blunt both found themselves swept up in the rumor mill on Sunday after fans began trying to decipher exactly what they said in two viral exchanges during the awards ceremony. 

 In her clip Gomez can be seen chatting enthusiastically with her close pals Taylor Swift and Keleigh Teller, who looked stunned by her mysterious revelation — which quickly led to chatter online that she was talking about Timothée Chalamet and his girlfriend, Kylie Jenner, who were also in attendance.

 Gomez later clarified in an E! News Instagram post that she wasn’t talking about Chalamet or Jenner at all. "Noooooo. I told Taylor about two of my friends who hooked up," she commented on the post. "Not that that's anyone['s] business."

 A source later told PEOPLE that the Only Murders in the Building star “was absolutely not referencing anything about Timothée or Kylie" and that, in actuality, she "never even saw or spoke to" the couple. 

Christopher Polk/Golden Globes 2024 via Getty Images
 Blunt was also caught up in lip-reading rumors after a conversation between her and her husband, John Krasinski, on the red carpet uploaded onto TikTok left fans speculating that they were ending their 13-year marriage. 

 "Did he say, 'I can’t wait to divorce?'" one commenter wrote. "And she said, 'Hey,' and he stated, 'I’m serious…'"

 Neither Blunt nor Krasinski have publicly commented on their exchange, but others noted that it sounded more like the couple were just keen to get inside the venue.

 “You can hear her say, ‘It’s actually kinda chilly right now,’” one commented. “And he responds, ‘I can’t wait to get indoors.’”

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)