Summer may be almost over, but these end-of-season sales are just getting started.
With Labor Day weekend on the horizon, countless items are on major markdown — including some of celebrities’ favorite fashion finds.
Whether you’re looking for classic shoes from Stuart Weitzman or something sparkly from Alexis Bittar and BaubleBar, it’s the perfect time to click “add to cart.”
And so your Labor Day shopping requires a little less labor, we rounded up over 20 sales actually worth shopping — keep scrolling to scope them all out.
Amazon’s a one-stop shop offering great deals year-round — but especially right now, with brands like Levi’s deeply discounted for Labor Day. (In other words, there’s no need to wait for October’s Prime Big Deal Days event to start saving big.)
Want the quiet luxury look for less? Save 40% off sitewide at J.Crew — plus an extra 50% off sale styles — for a limited time. We’ve spotted the all-American brand’s preppy pieces on everyone from Meghan Markle to Reese Witherspoon over the years.
Get ready for sweater season with comfy style staples from Cozy Earth — all 35% off with our exclusive code, PAGESIX.
Oprah’s featured label on five “Favorite Things” lists over the years, shouting out everything from the Bamboo Jogger ($165 $132) to the Bamboo Sheet Set ($288 $231). 
Take an extra 40% off sale — and 25% off fall essentials — during Madewell’s Labor Day sale. The elevated basics brand’s a Hollywood hit, seen on everyone from Taylor Swift to Blake Lively. 
Save 20% on almost everything — including brands like Adidas, Vans and Steve Madden — with the promo code SUNFLOWER.
At Lunya’s biggest summer sale, save up to 70% on silk sleepwear — including Oprah’s “favorite” Pima Pant ($148 $118) in limited-edition hues.
Saks Fifth Avenue is heralding the start of fall with tiered discounts: $50 off purchases of $250 and $100, $150 and $200 off purchases of $500, $750 and $1,000, respectively. 
Stars certainly have a soft spot for Eberjey’s buttery pajamas; Selena Gomez, Kylie Jenner and Sofia Richie (to name but a few) all own sets. And right now, the luxe label’s offering 25% off a slew of styles with the code SUNSHINE25.
Dive into fall with a whopping 40% off sitewide at Andie Swim’s End of Summer Sale. In addition to collaborating on collections with Mindy Kaling, the woman-owned brand counts Demi Moore as an early investor. 
Kick off fall — and get ready for kickoff — with 20% off all NFL-licensed styles at Abercrombie, including the Kansas City Chiefs Vintage-Inspired Tee ($50 $40) Brittany and Patrick Mahomes both wore last week.
While Reformation’s Summer Sale kicked off earlier this month, there are still plenty of gems up for grabs — from the Jennifer Aniston-loved Kourtney Dress ($278 $139) to the Agathea Chunky Loafers ($268 $134) Taylor Swift owns. 
Save up to $250 off select items with the code NMSEPT — including designer handbags from brands like Jacquemus and Jimmy Choo. 
Save an extra 25% off purchases over $150, including designer duds from the likes of Gucci and Saint Laurent. 
Bling on the savings. Several of BaubleBar’s already-budget-friendly style are an extra 50% off this week only, including takes on the beaded Pisa Bracelet ($30 $20) Brie Larson and Hailey Bieber both own. 
While the yellow bikini Taylor Swift wore in the Bahamas this summer sadly isn’t on sale, plenty of similar styles are deeply discounted at Montce’s Summer Sale. All you’ll need is the code promo code ENDOFSUMMER24.
Save up to 65% at Bloomingdale’s Labor Day sale, which includes high-end finds from the likes of Alice and Olivia.
Frame makes some of the most celebrity-loved denim on the market — but you won’t need Hollywood connections to enjoy an extra 30% off already-on-sale styles right now.
Everlane’s 25% off sitewide sale is filled with fall and winter style staples. Just ask Selena Gomez, who owns several of the brand’s cozy sweaters. 
Take 20% off select full-price styles at Alexis Bittar, including the Crumpled Small Post Earring ($175 $140) similar to a style Meghan Markle and Michelle Obama both own.
Kick off fall with new kicks from Stuart Weitzman — and more designer labels — on deep discount at Nordstrom Rack right now. 
Use code LABORDAY15 at checkout for an extra 15% off sale styles at Petite Plume. We’ve spotted the brand’s classic piped pajamas on Kourtney Kardashian, Gwyneth Paltrow and Miranda Kerr (to name just a few). 
Save up to 50% off at Posse’s End of Season Sale — including the Theo Strapless Dress ($239 $190), which Meghan Markle and Katie Holmes both wore last summer. 
Take 50% off summer favorites at Vionic, a comfort-focused footwear company that’s graced Oprah’s famed “Favorite Things” list several times over the years. 
Another deal worth flipping out over? Up to 75% off at Havaianas. Everyone from Jennifer Aniston to Jennifer Lopez owns the brand’s classic flip-flops. 
Enjoy up to 65% off summer sets at P.J. Salvage, a brand Bethenny Frankel called a “go-to” in a chat with Page Six Style.
20% off all fine jewelry at Ring Concierge? Now that has a nice ring to it. 
Take 40% off everything at Hanna Andersson’s Labor Day sale — including matching pajamas for the whole family.
Not sure where to start? Stars like Kylie Jenner and Blake Lively are partial to brand’s holiday collections. 
Say hello to 70% off — and free shipping — at Dr. Scholl’s Goodbye Summer Event.
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.