All the Hulu shows and movies you should check out this month

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Hulu is adding some big shows and movies this August. You wouldn't think of August as a major month for hot shows and movies hitting the streaming service, given the summer is winding down but fall hasn't started yet. But between one of the year's big blockbusters, a few Hulu original shows and one of last year's hottest movies from the festival circuit, there's a lot to like this month.
Headling the list of shows this month is "Only Murders in the Building" season 4. Starring Steve Martin, Martin Short and Selena Gomez, this show has been a smash hit for Hulu and the season premiere for season 4 arrives at the end of the month.
For this month's top movies, "Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes" is the clear blockbuster. The latest installment in the "Planet of the Apes" reboot series of films, this movie dominated the box office back in May and is finally making its streaming debut. 
But if those don't do it for you, don't worry — there are plenty of options. Here are all the best shows and movies to watch on Hulu in August. 
The 10th movie in the "Planet of the Apes" franchise — and the fourth in the reboot series that kicked off with "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" in 2011 — "Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes" takes us to the future. The movie is set generations following Caesar's rise to power in the earlier movies and shows a world where apes live as the dominant species.
But that order could be upended when a young ape named Noa (Owen Teague) befriends a human scavenger Mae (Freya Allan). When the two become ensnared in the plans of the ape king Proximus Caesar, it has the potential to cement apes as the dominant species or throw everything into chaos.
Premieres August 2 on Hulu
Get instant access to breaking news, the hottest reviews, great deals and helpful tips.
Season 3 of this hit Hulu show just earned 21 Emmy nominations and season 4 looks set to be just as good. Following the trio of Charles (Steve Martin), Oliver (Martin Short) and Mable (Selena Gomez), this show about a podcast becomes a show about a movie about a podcast as they leave New York and head to Hollywood to investigate the shocking events from the end of season 3.
And in true Hollywood fashion, season 3 of "Only Murders in the Building" features a star-studded guest cast. Meryl Streep returns as Loretta Durkin and is joined by new appearances from Eugene Levy, Eva Longoria, Zach Galifianakis, Melissa McCarthy, Molly Shannon, and Kumail Nanjiani. Don't miss the season premiere at the end of this month.
Premieres August 27 on Hulu
"Rick and Morty" may be the more notable creation from Justin Roiland but "Solar Opposites" has been a sleeper hit for Hulu. Following Roiland's removal from the show, season 4 starred Dan Stevens as the voice of the Korvo, leader of the alien Shlorpians who have been sent to colonize Earth.
Of course, they haven't colonized Earth yet and I wouldn't expect them to achieve the feat in season 5 either. Instead, expect more antics from the Shlorpians, more chaos in "The Wall" and more SilverCops. Will these three storylines come together in season 5? Probably not, because "Solar Opposites" has already been greenlit for season 6, but it'll be fun to watch just in case.
Premieres August 12 on Hulu
I cannot pretend that I have ever watched "Dance Moms." Or that I know what the show is about other than dancers and their moms. But I haven't lived under a rock, so I do know that it was a massive hit and that people couldn't get enough.
Hulu's "Dance Moms: A New Era" is a reboot of the popular reality show. This time, there's a new coach and new dancers, but there's still tons of "mama drama." The new coach, Glo Hampton, will try to take her students and the prestigious dance school Studio Bleu to the next level, but only if the moms don't sabotage her efforts. The whole first season drops this month, so don't miss it. 
Premieres August 7 on Hulu
I will be watching "La Chimera" this August. Starring Josh O'Connor (most recently in "Challengers") as British archaeologist Arthur, this comedy-drama follows his return to Italy after he was arrested for attempting to sell stolen artifacts. Once in Italy though, it doesn't take long for Arthur to return to his tomb robbing ways.
This comedy-drama wasn't a box office blockbuster like "Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes," but "La Chimera" did become a darling of the film festival circuit in 2023. At Cannes, director/writer Alice Rohrwacher's screenplay won the AFCAE Art House Cinema Award and the film was nominated for the Palm d'Or. If you're a cinephile, don't miss this one when it hits Hulu this month.
Premieres August 14 on Hulu
August 1
August 2
August 3
August 4
August 5
August 7
August 8
August 9
August 10
August 11
August 12
August 13
August 14
August 15
August 16
August 19
August 20
August 21
August 22
August 23
August 24
August 25
August 26
August 27
August 28
August 29
August 30
August 3
August 9
August 10
August 14
August 31
Malcolm has been with Tom's Guide since 2022, and has been covering the latest in streaming shows and movies since 2023. He's not one to shy away from a hot take, including that "John Wick" is one of the four greatest films ever made.

Tom's Guide is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.