By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:03, 26 August 2024   |  Updated:  19:21, 26 August 2024   
 12
View  comments
The first trailer for the new movie Emilia Perez from Netflix was shared on Monday.
Selena Gomez, 31, is seen as the sexy cartel wife Jessi in the trans gangster Spanish language musical.
Karla Sofía Gascón and Zoe Saldaña also appear in the riveting fast-paced clip.
The movie is a crime comedy film written and directed by French icon Jacques Audiard.
It is based on Audiard's opera libretto of the same name, which was in turn loosely adapted from Boris Razon's 2018 novel Écoute. 
The movie can be seen in theaters on November 1 and will go to streamers on November 13. 
The first trailer for the new movie Emilia Perez from Netflix was shared on Monday. Selena Gomez , 31, is seen as the sexy cartel wife Jessi in the trans gangster Spanish language musica
The star is seen breaking down in tears as she wears a fur coast and silver earrings
Saldana plays one of the protagonists in the film named Rita Moro Castro,
The film is entirely in Spanish as it takes place in modernday Mexico.
According to IMDB the synopsis of the film is: 'Lawyer Rita receives an unexpected offer. 
'She has to help a feared cartel boss retire from his business and disappear forever by becoming the woman he's always dreamed of being.'
The cast of the film is led by Gascon who portrays male cartel leader Juan 'Small Hands' Del Monte who transitions to female Emilia Perez.
In the film Rita is tasked with assisting the escaped cartel leader Emilia with undergoing sex reassignment surgery in order to both evade the authorities and affirm her gender.
In one scene she is seen opening her jacket as she is called a 'queen' 
Back in May, the stars of the film attended the premiere at the Cannes Film Festival in France. 
It was there where Gomez had wiped away tears from her eyes after received an impressive nine-minute standing ovation.
The Love You Like A Love Song singer portrays the cartel leader's unsuspecting wife in the movie. 
The 31-year-old actress  is also seen in a nightclub
She seems to be having fun as she dances with the women
Zoe Saldana has a supporting role in the edgy film
Her character is named Rita Moro Castro
According to IMDB the synopsis of the film is: 'Lawyer Rita receives an unexpected offer. She has to help a feared cartel boss retire from his business and disappear forever by becoming the woman he's always dreamed of being'
It was revealed that the A-lister had signed on to star in Emilia Perez in January 2023. 
The star-studded cast features Edgar Ramirez.
Production on the feature was at first set to take place in 2022, although shooting was delayed by several months due to scheduling conflicts.
Audiard spoke to Variety earlier this year and revealed that he did not initially envision Emilia Perez as a feature-length film.
Here Selena is seen with her drug cartel husband and their two kids
One of the film's posters feature Gomez alone
Back in May, the stars of the film - pictured left to right: Selena, Edgar Ramirez and Saldana - attended the premiere at the Cannes Film Festival in France
The director told the media outlet that he originally thought that the project would take the form of 'an opera libretto in four acts,' although he later changed his mind.
'It was the first time that an idea [for a film] came to me under this shape,' he added.
The filmmaker went on to state that he shot the movie predominantly in studios, as working on set gave him 'more freedom for the parts that are sung and choreographed.'
He described his choice to film his project in a studio as feeling 'like a return to a primary intuition.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group