Nov. 1 (UPI) -- Netflix is sharing snippets of the Emilia Pérez soundtrack, which dropped Friday.
"Selena Gomez sings the pivotal song 'Mi Camino' from Emilia Pérez," the streamer wrote in a post.

The clip shows Gomez singing into a microphone alongside Édgar Ramírez.
Gomes has previously shared behind-the-scenes moments on Emilia Pérez. 
Selena Gomez sings the pivotal song "Mi Camino" from EMILIA PÉREZ. pic.twitter.com/tUJxpv7mMd— Netflix (@netflix) November 1, 2024 


Nov. 1 (UPI) -- Netflix is sharing snippets of the Emilia Pérez soundtrack, which dropped Friday.
"Selena Gomez sings the pivotal song 'Mi Camino' from Emilia Pérez," the streamer wrote in a post.

The clip shows Gomez singing into a microphone alongside Édgar Ramírez.
Gomes has previously shared behind-the-scenes moments on Emilia Pérez. 
Selena Gomez sings the pivotal song "Mi Camino" from EMILIA PÉREZ. pic.twitter.com/tUJxpv7mMd— Netflix (@netflix) November 1, 2024 


"Reflecting on the many adventures working on Emilia," she wrote. "From my audition to head banging at half the speed as what we shot it. Pretty sure I got whiplash in the best way."        

A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
Emilia Pérez which had its limited theater premiere Friday, follows Emilia (Karla Sofía Gascón), a former cartel leader who gets a gender-affirming surgery after faking her own death.

Zoe Saldaña and Adriana Paz also star.
The soundtrack includes an 18-track disc and a 25-track disk. In addition to "Mi Camino," Gomez also sings "Bienvenida."
Netflix will stream Emilia Pérez beginning Nov. 13.

Read More
Justin, Alex Russo return in 'Wizards Beyond Waverly Place' trailer
'Emilia Pérez': Netflix releases posters of Zoe Saldaña, Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez, Steve Martin among Emmy Award presenters
Selena Gomez is a billionaire 


Topics
Selena Gomez



 
Latest Headlines







Music // 11 hours ago
SZA's 'SOS' tops U.S. album chart
 May 3 (UPI) -- Singer-songwriter SZA's "SOS" is the No. 1 album in the United States this week.










Music // 1 day ago
TXT releases 'Love Language,' first single of 2025
 May 2 (UPI) -- South Korean boy band Together X Tomorrow, better known as TXT, released "Love Language," their first single of 2025.










Music // 1 day ago
Benny Blanco takes Selena Gomez to prom in 'Talk' music video
 May 2 (UPI) -- Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco released a single and music video for "Talk" alongside the deluxe version of their album "I Said I Love You First."










Music // 1 day ago
Ed Sheeran performs 'Old Phone' on 'Tonight Show'
 May 2 (UPI) -- Ed Sheeran performed "Old Phone" on "The Tonight Show" after releasing the song and its lyric video. His upcoming album, "Play," drops in September.










Music // 1 day ago
Green Day honored with Hollywood Walk of Fame star
 May 2 (UPI) -- Rock band Green Day was memorialized with the 2,810th star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame at a ceremony Thursday.










Music // 1 day ago
Adam Levine, Lisa flirt and fight in Maroon 5's 'Priceless' music video
 May 2 (UPI) -- Adam Levine and Blackpink singer Lisa teamed up on "Priceless," a new single for Maroon 5. The song is the pop rock band's first single in two years.










Music // 1 day ago
'I Kissed a Girl,' 'Supermodel' singer Jill Sobule dead at 66
 May 2 (UPI) -- "I Kissed a Girl" and "Supermodel" singer-songwriter Jill Sobule has died at the age of 66.










Music // 2 days ago
ACM Awards to feature star-studded 'Songs of the Decades' performance
 May 1 (UPI) -- The 60th annual Academy of Country Music Awards will feature a "Songs of the Decades" performance and several duets. Performers include Dan + Shay, Wynonna Judd, Reba McEntire, and the Backstreet Boys with Rascal Flatts.










Music // 3 days ago
Bono reimagines one-man show in 'Stories of Surrender' trailer
 April 30 (UPI) -- Apple TV+ is previewing the upcoming documentary "Bono: Stories of Surrender," inspired by the U2 frontman's solo stage show of the same name.










Music // 5 days ago
Ella Langley, Zach Top to perform at Academy of Country Music Awards
 April 28 (UPI) -- The Academy of Country Music announced Ella Langley and Zach Top will be among the performers at the upcoming 60th ACM Awards.










 


Trending Stories





									Queen Latifah's 'Equalizer' canceled after 5 seasons								








									Ruth Buzzi, comedian known for 'Laugh-In,' dies at 88								








									Netflix casts its Ingalls family for 'Prairie' re-boot								








									SZA's 'SOS' tops U.S. album chart								








									'The Chosen' gets Season 5 trailer, June premiere date								







 

Follow Us











 











 Back to top






About UPI
Contact
Corrections
Advertisements






				Copyright © 2025 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
			

Terms of UsePrivacy Policy