We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
The actress shared a gift from her first day back on set.
 Only Murders in the Building star Selena Gomez has shared a sweet gift from her co-stars as filming for season four gets underway.
Taking to Instagram Stories, Gomez shared a photo of a bouquet of white flowers from co-stars Steve Martin and Martin Short alongside a card that read: "We're so happy to be back with you, love, Steve and Marty." 
The official Only Murders account reshared Gomez's story and confirmed that filming was underway with the caption: "We're back on set for Season 4."
Confirmation that season four has begun filming comes just days after it was revealed that Schitt's Creek star Eugene Levy would be joining the Hulu and Disney+ crime comedy series (via Variety).
Related: Only Murders in the Building season 3 fails to fix its big Mabel issue
Further details regarding his character are yet to be revealed, however it is reported that Levy will play a recurring role in the new episodes. 
Levy is the latest star to join the series, following Desperate Housewives star Eva Longoria and The White Lotus's Molly Shannon who have also joined the show.
Longoria will play a recurring character who is set to become "integral to the twists and turns of this season's investigation," while Shannon will feature as a "high-powered LA businesswoman who finds herself drawn into the world of the investigation".
Also confirmed for season four is Meryl Streep, who will be reprising her role as Loretta Durkin once again. 
Related: Only Murders star feared Selena Gomez would be a "nightmare"
Season four will also see stars Steve Martin, Martin Short and Selena Gomez — AKA Charles, Oliver and Mabel — briefly swapping New York's Arconia for the West Coast, as they head to Los Angeles while investigating their latest case.
As for the show's next murder case, it's likely that the trio could be investigating the death of Charles's stunt double Sazz (Jane Lynch), who was shot and killed during the final moments of season three. 
Only Murders in the Building is available to stream on Disney+ in the UK and Hulu in the US.
Reporter, Digital Spy
Brenna Cooper is a freelance journalist, who currently specialises in entertainment reporting. She joined Digital Spy in 2022, writing TV and movies stories for the site. After graduating with an NCTJ accredited Journalism Masters from the University of Sheffield in 2020 she has since embarked on a freelance career. 
Brenna previously produced lifestyle content for Checklists.co.uk and has a specific interest in music, reviewing live acts and interviewing bands such as Confidence Man and Amyl and the Sniffers.

Lawrence and Pratt's sci-fi flop is on Prime Video
Netflix renews "non-stop fun" comedy series
Hollyoaks to reveal Nancy bombshell
Race Across the World star on drinking amid split
Thunderbolts impresses with strong RT score
Coronation Street's Christina finally caught out
Home and Away’s Eliza to turn violent again
Emmerdale airs Tracy cliffhanger in Nate plot
New trailer for Sean Bean/Taskmaster star's movie
Bake Off judge rescues pilot from crash wreckage
Hollyoaks reveals Lucas' brain tumour decision
I Kissed A Boy shares first-look at 2025 cast
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.