By 

	Thania Garcia


Selena Gomez is officially a billionaire, according to a Bloomberg report.

	She is estimated to be worth $1.3 billion, making her one of the country’s youngest women with a 10-figure fortune. The publication determined a “vast bulk” of her net worth is attached to the success of her Rare Beauty makeup and cosmetics brand (which is available in the United States, Canada, and Mexico) that launched in 2019.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Soundstage Expansion Now Feeling Crunch of Production Contraction		
			














	
		
					Global Distributors of Chinese Cinema to Be Recognized at Beijing International Film Festival		
			








	Gomez, 32, started acting as a child before starting her music career and appearing in the Hulu hit series “Only Murders in the Building,” which was recently renewed for Season 5. Gomez will also star in the Cannes-winning musical drama, “Emilia Perez,” from Jacques Audiard, which is slated to open in select theaters on Nov. 1, before streaming on Netflix on Nov. 13. 

	










			Popular on Variety		






	Though Gomez has been more active on-screen in recent years, she did share a pair of fresh singles — “Love On,” in February, and “Single Soon” in 2023 — through her label Interscope Records, and also began teasing a new album. She was a mainstay on the Billboard Hot 100 throughout most of 2023 thanks to her single, “Calm Down,” a RIAA certified triple-platinum hit she shares with Afrobeats superstar Rema.

	The Bloomberg report also emphasizes Gomez’s social media impact and her mental health brand, in addition to her personal brand deals and sponsorships. The publication writes that the “wealth analysis [of Selena Gomez] took into account the estimated value of her stake in Rare Beauty, her interest in Wondermind, the estimated value of her music album sales and properties, and earnings from streaming deals, brand partnerships, concert tickets and acting.”

	A representative for Gomez did not immediately return Variety‘s request for comment. 

	Gomez’s next venture will be executive producing and starring in the upcoming Disney+ reboot of the Disney Channel series she started on as a teenager, “Wizards of Waverly Place.” Now dubbed “Wizards Beyond Waverly Place,” the sequel series will premiere on the network on Oct. 29 at 8:00 p.m. ET.
The Business of Entertainment