Selena Gomez is known for her authenticity, and in a new cover story with Vanity Fair, the 32-year-old Only Murders in the Building star opens up about some of the most personal aspects of her life, from her career and relationship with Benny Blanco to her health struggles. In a candid conversation, Selena reveals a heartbreaking truth about her future, shares her thoughts on family, and talks about the challenges of being in the spotlight.
On Quitting and Returning to Social Media
Selena has a well-documented love-hate relationship with social media. She’s quit multiple times, only to return when ready. When asked about it, she admits, “I learned not to say that anymore.” It seems Selena has come to terms with the fact that stepping away from the digital world is part of maintaining her mental health, and she’s found joy in doing so. “I’ve been loving it,” she says of her time offline. “I’ve been working out. I’ve been taking care of myself. It’s the first time I’ve had a break in a little bit. So I feel good.”
On Her Recent Emmy Nomination
Selena’s work on Only Murders in the Building has earned her accolades, including an Emmy nomination. “I freaked out,” she admits, describing how she celebrated the news by going to dinner with friends. But what’s even more significant is her milestone as the most nominated Latina producer in the best comedy category. “When I heard that, I felt like I made my dad’s side of the family proud. It was really cool to have that be a part of my story. I’m grateful for breaking barriers. Hopefully, this is not a one-time thing.”
On Riskier Supporting Roles
Selena has become selective about the roles she takes on, leaning toward supporting roles in riskier films. “That’s intentional,” she explains. “I’d rather be a supporting role. I’d rather have four scenes in a Martin Scorsese film than be a lead in a movie about a tomboy that comes into her own and falls in love with the boy next door.” She has no problem being part of the bigger picture, but she’s clear about the kind of projects that excite her now.
On Her Career Drive and Staying Grateful
Selena is aware of how far she’s come and never wants to appear ungrateful for the opportunities she’s had. “It’s as simple as this,” she says. “I don’t want people to ever think I’m not grateful for what I have.” Balancing her career and personal life is something Selena continues to navigate, but she always stays humble and thankful for what she’s achieved.
On Her Relationship with Benny Blanco
In her personal life, Selena is glowing. Her relationship with musician Benny Blanco is strong, and she doesn’t hold back from sharing her happiness. “I’ve never been loved this way,” she says. “He’s just been a light. A complete light in my life. He’s my best friend. I love telling him everything.” When asked about Benny’s recent statement that he’d marry her, Selena laughs. “He can’t lie. After the interview, I was dying laughing. Like, ‘Anything else you wanted to put out there?’”
On Future Family Plans
Selena has always been open about wanting a family, and she’s clear that it remains a priority. “Before I met my boyfriend, I was single for five years, with the exception of going on a few dates. And I was like, ‘Okay, if this is the vibe, then what is the most important thing to me? Family.’” Though she hopes to have a family by the time she’s 35, Selena isn’t rushing into marriage. She reflects on her mother’s experience, having had her at just 16, and how her parents’ brief marriage affected her. “It was hard on me. They were kids, so we were all growing up together.”
On Not Being Able to Carry a Child
One of the most emotional moments of the interview comes when Selena reveals that she cannot carry children due to health issues. “I haven’t ever said this, but I unfortunately can’t carry my own children. I have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby’s in jeopardy.” She admits that it took time to come to terms with this reality. “That was something I had to grieve for a while. It’s not necessarily the way I envisioned it.”
However, Selena remains optimistic about becoming a mother. “I find it a blessing that there are wonderful people willing to do surrogacy or adoption, which are both huge possibilities for me. I’m one of those people. I’m excited for what that journey will look like, but it’ll look a little different. At the end of the day, I don’t care. It’ll be mine. It’ll be my baby.”
On Being Herself and Staying True to Her Name
Selena also shares that while she loves and values her relationship with Benny, she doesn’t feel pressure to get married anytime soon. “We always make sure we’re protecting what we have, but there’s no rules,” she says. “I want him to always be himself. I always want to be myself.” As for changing her name if marriage does happen? Selena is firm. “I’m not changing my name no matter what. I am Selena Gomez. That’s it.”
By: Michelle |
September 10, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, Extra Stories, Featured Post, LIFESTYLE, MOVIES, MUSIC, TV  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!