Sel posted a sweet carousel of photos with her bf on Friday morning (March 8).

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


Selena Gomez posted a sweet tribute to boyfriend Benny Blanco on Friday morning (March 8) in honor of the producer’s 36th birthday. “Happy birthday baby! Your emotional endurance, positive disposition, unbelievable talent (that blows me away), undeniable humor and loving, kind heart absolutely kill me,” she wrote on Instagram.

	“I love you,” she added along with birthday cake and crying eye emoji. Blanco responded with a series of emoji, including kisses, hearts and a matching pair of welling-eyes. Gomez’s post also included a carousel of pictures of the happy couple hugging, snuggling, kissing, touching tongues and spinning around on the teacup ride. 

	










	The loved-up salute came two weeks after the 31-year-old singer and Only Murders in the Building co-star celebrated the release of her new single, “Love On,” by opening up about the effect Blanco has had on her heart. “Without getting into too much detail, I think it’s just really important to meet someone that respects you,” she told Apple Music’s Zane Lowe of her romance, without specifically naming Blanco. “And I think it’s really nice to also lean on someone who understands the world that I live in.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Gomez added, “I’d have to say overall, it’s the safest that I feel and it’s been really lovely. I’ve only grown through it, so it’s awesome.”

	The pair have celebrated their love openly on their socials after first going public in December, when Gomez confirmed that she and the acclaimed producer (Britney Spears, Maroon 5, BTS)  had been dating for six months. Since then they’ve been spotted snuggling at a Lakers game, attending the Primetime Emmys in January and celebrating Valentine’s Day together. 

	Check out Gomez’s post below.
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.