By TERRY ZELLER and ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:59, 3 February 2024   |  Updated:  08:50, 3 February 2024   
 70
View  comments
Selena Gomez shared a sweet peek into her new romance with Benny Blanco.
The pop star, 31, took to her Instagram on Friday to post an adorable picture of herself cozying up in bed, a snapshot captured by her music producer beau.
She tagged Benny, 35, in the cute photo and captioned it: 'Mornings with you.'
The social media share comes two weeks after the couple made their red carpet debut, attending the Emmy Awards together. 
The week prior, Benny was spotted accompanying the Only Murders in the Building star to the Golden Globes afterparties. 
Selena Gomez shared a sweet peek into her new romance with Benny Blanco; pictured January
The pop star, 31, took to her Instagram on Friday to post an adorable picture of herself cozying up in bed, a snapshot captured by her music producer beau
Following the ceremony, Gomez took to her Instagram Story, sharing captivating moments of her and Blanco stealing a sweet kiss behind the scenes of the awards show. 
The couple first went public with their romance in December. 
The bedroom pic comes after Selena's friend and kidney donor Francia Raisa revealed she is a big stan of the singer's new romance.
At Wednesday night's Go Red for Women concert in New York City, the 35-year-old actress spoke with Extra about the relationship between Selena and Benny.
'Oh, my God — it's about time,' she joked.
The Los Angeles-bred actress said about Blanco, whose real name is Benjamin Levin, 'I love Benny. He's great.'
It comes after Raisa recently revealed that Selena was the one to initiate rebuilding their strained friendship.
Speaking to USA Today, she shared that the Only Murders in the Building star 'reached out and said, 'Let's talk.''
She tagged Benny, 35, in the cute photo and captioned it: 'Mornings with you.'; pictured in January
The social media share comes two weeks after the couple made their red carpet debut, attending the Emmy Awards together 
Selena's friend and kidney donor Francia Raisa supports her new romance with Benny Blanco
Francia explained: 'We've never really had beef with each other. Nothing happened, and if you ask either of us, we don't know what happened but we needed that time apart. 
'Then when you come back together, you're better people. She and I are still getting to know each other again.'
Raísa continued: 'And obviously, you know, I gave the girl a kidney so everyone felt a certain way.'
And she noted that 'for years and years and years' she has been asked if she regrets donating her kidney to Gomez, who suffers from lupus.
She answered: 'No, the relationship has always been there. There was just a tiff.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group