All products featured on Glamour are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Selena Gomez just demonstrated how easy it is to style one of this fall’s most coveted pieces: red knee-high boots.
September is always an interesting time of year when it comes to fashion trends, and many look to their favorite celebs for transitional wardrobe inspiration. As Taylor Swift continues to step out in summer essentials and Bella Hadid finds a happy medium between two seasons, Gomez is pushing a full-out fall agenda.
Between her layered looks at the Telluride Film Festival in Colorado and autumn-coded manicures, the star of Only Murders in the Building is bringing out all the classic wardrobe staples that get us hyped for PSL season, while adding some trendier pieces into the mix.
Obsessed.
In a new Instagram story featuring her OMITB costars and “besties” Martin Short and Steve Martin, Gomez paired her own red knee-high boots with a gray and black striped dress layered underneath a gray crewneck sweater. While effortlessly mixing bold colors, patterns, and textures, the 33-year-old actor kept the outfit from feeling overworked by keeping her makeup and jewelry minimal, simply complimenting the red boot with a subtle red lip.
While bold statement pieces often feel impossible to navigate without a personal stylist, Selena Gomez proved flashy boots go well with plenty of items you likely already have in your closet. Think of them the same way you think of Blaire Waldorf’s iconic red tights. Would you wear those with a chunky sweater and miniskirt combo, perhaps adding a cool leather jacket? Do the same with a pair of red boots.
Swift appears to be going through a breakup—but not with Travis Kelce.
Still in summer mode? Knix the stockings and go for a double-denim combo like the one Swift wore to the Kansas City Chiefs game on September 5. I’d argue tall red boots would even go well with the little gingham Reformation dress the pop star wore to the US Open a few days later.
Suddenly I’ve got a ton of ideas for looks to wear with red boots, whether it’s 60 degrees outside or well into the 80s. [Adds to cart.]
Nordstrom
Anthropologie
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices