During a Women in Film event in Beverly Hills, Selena Gomez was filmed talking about how opening up about mental health and being unable to carry children is “not shameful” and that there is “power in being vulnerable.” By her side was her little sister, Gracie Elliott Teefey, who was photographed with her at the table. 
“I truly believe that there is power in being vulnerable and telling people when you need help, when you want help,” Gomez said. “That is not shameful. So yeah, I shared that I can’t carry a child. Yeah, I shared I have bipolar. Fuck off. That’s what my life is like.”
Gomez’s words were met with applause by the other attendees.
She continued that she wants to be an “advocate for women, and that’s why I share. That’s why I like to be honest—because everybody’s going through something.”
“I don’t have it all together. … I’m me. And that’s all I can be,” she continued. “So do not ever let anyone tell you that you are not a good person, that you aren’t kind, that you won’t treat people with respect...Cause that is not lame, that is so cool of you guys. And that is the fact. So, screw anyone who tells you you’re a victim. You’re a survivor in my book.”
In Vanity Fair’s October issue, Gomez revealed in an interview that she cannot carry her own children due to various medical issues. 
“I haven’t ever said this ... but I unfortunately can’t carry my own children,” Gomez explained. “I have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby’s in jeopardy.” 
She added “that was something I had to grieve for a while,” but that she is in “a much better place with that.”
“I find it a blessing that there are wonderful people willing to do surrogacy or adoption, which are both huge possibilities for me,” she explained. “It made me really thankful for the other outlets for people who are dying to be moms. I’m one of those people. I’m excited for what that journey will look like, but it’ll look a little different. At the end of the day, I don’t care. It’ll be mine. It’ll be my baby.”
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.