Nick Jonas is singing the praises of Selena Gomez, who he dated when they were teenagers, over her two 2025 Golden Globe nominations.
Only friendly exes in this building.
Nick Jonas expressed support for Selena Gomez, whom he had dated when they were teenagers, after she received two 2025 Golden Globe nominations for her roles in the new film Emilia Pérez and season four of the Hulu series Only Murders in the Building.
Having a fellow Disney alum receive such honors is a "tremendous thing," the Jonas Brothers singer told Variety in an interview published Dec. 12, adding, "I think that’s a real testament to Disney’s ability to find and foster talent and understand what makes someone unique while finding a way to make it work within their ecosystem.”
The 32-year-old appeared in the Disney Channel series Jonas as well as the Camp Rock movies with brothers Joe Jonas and Kevin Jonas and Demi Lovato in the aughts while Selena starred on the cable network's show Wizards of Waverly Place. At the same time, his other ex Miley Cyrus—also a 2025 Golden Globe nominee for her song in The Last Showgirl—rose to fame with Hannah Montana.
And Nick looks back at Disney as a "creative school."
"I was between the ages of 14 and 18, which is my high school years," Nick noted. "That graduating class of Miley, Selena and Demi, it was all of us coming up together and you can see, frankly, the length of our careers and the success we’ve all been able to have."
The Power Ballad actor and Selena, also 32, dated on and off between 2008 and 2010. "We were babies," she said in a 2015 interview with the U.K. radio station Capital FM. "That, to me, was like puppy love, you know, it was very sweet."
And speaking of love, if her Golden Globe nominations—her third and fourth overall—weren't enough cause for celebration, Selena just got engaged to Benny Blanco. The record producer proposed to the "Come and Get It" singer over a romantic picnic of Taco Bell takeout, as seen in photos she shared on Instagram Dec. 11.
"Forever starts now," Selena captioned her post, to which Benny commented, "Hey wait… that’s my wife."
Many of Selena's colleagues were also nominated for 2025 Golden Globes ahead of the Jan. 5 ceremony. Emilia Pérez received a whopping 10 nods total, while Only Murders in the Building earned four. Read on for reactions from Golden Globe nominees...
Timothé Chalamet
On his A Complete Unkown nomination, he shared, "What a tremendous honor to be included in this very talented group of actors this morning. A COMPLETE UNKNOWN was a 5 year labor of love for me, so it is very moving to receive this distinction. While on the surface 1960s Greenwich Village would look to have little in common with Arrakis, it was the open mindedness and groundbreaking culture of the 1960s in America that has ultimately given birth to these projects some 60 years later. THANK YOU."
Edward Norton
The Fight Club alum also celebrated his nomination for A Complete Unknown.
“I think in truth this is a compliment to our whole terrific ensemble of actors, which Timothee led so brilliantly," he shared. "And if it helps connect more people to the inspiring life and spirit of Pete Seeger, even better."
He added, "And since for me Denzel Washington is the greatest actor of our time, it’s a thrill even to see my name adjacent to his for one morning! We all walk in his shadow.”
Cynthia Erivo
The Wicked star was defying gravity after her nomination. 
"Now that my feet are hovering off the ground, I cannot even come close to properly expressing what this moment means to me," she shared, in addition to thanking her costars and collaborators. "Not just because of this individual nomination but because I get to watch as this project and my WICKED family is celebrated too. Being a part of this project has been a dream come true, and playing Elphaba, a woman who speaks to everyone who has ever felt like they don’t belong and lets them know they have the power to defy gravity, has been the honor of a lifetime."
Emma D'Arcy
The House of the Dragon star was soaring after their nomination, sharing, “I feel completely delighted. This season felt very personal to me, and at times it was hard to make, so I’m really moved by this recognition. Making a show like this is the most extraordinary team effort — I’ll be honoured to represent my colleagues at the Globes in January.”
Dakota Fanning
The Ripley star gushed over her Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television nomination. 
"What an absolute thrill and honor it is to be nominated for a Golden Globe this morning, alongside such incredible company," she shared. "The opportunity to be in RIPLEY, and to play Marge, has been one of the greatest gifts of my life. I am so happy to share this with Steve, every single member of the team behind the scenes, and the brilliant Andrew Scott. My Marge doesn’t exist without his Tom. Thank you so very much!!!!"
Diego Luna
The Star Wars alum was nominated for Best Supporting Actor—Series, Miniseries or Motion Picture Made for Television.
"Thank you to the Golden Globe voters for this incredible nomination, there’s a lot of love put on this character and this story," he shared. "I share this with the entire La Máquina team and most of all my brother and collaborator, Gael García Bernal. La Máquina is Hulu’s first Spanish-language series, so to see it resonate around the world in this way is extremely moving to us all. Let it be the first of many. Its success is a reminder that audiences are wanting global stories told authentically and in their native languages."
Billy Bob Thornton
On his Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Drama nomination, the actor shared, "Working on Landman has been a truly fulfilling project. To be recognized by the members of the Golden Globes this morning is the cherry on top, and I share this nomination with everyone who contributed to the show, from Taylor Sheridan and the great cast and crew to 101 Studios and the team at Paramount+.”
Guy Pearce
On his nomination, Guy shared, "Thank you so much to the Golden Globes for this nomination. It truly is a testament to Brady Corbet’s wonderful direction and his and Mona’s stunning script. It’s an honour to share this with the other fine actors in this category, and of course with all the cast and crew who went above and beyond during the making of The Brutalist."
Ted Danson
The Cheers alum was nominated for Man on the Inside.
"Thank you Golden Globes, thank you Netflix and Universal, and thank you Michael Schur for creating A Man On The Inside," she shared. "Working with you is one of the great joys in my life.”
Ariana Grande
The Grammy Winner shared a heartfelt statement following her Best Supporting Actress—Motion Picture nomination for Wicked. 
"i am floored and honored to be recognized by members of the Golden Globes. crying (of course)... It's impossible to find my words, but I am simply, so deeply grateful for this acknowledgement."
And in addition to congratulating her costar Cynthia Erivo and the whole cast and crew, she added, "i can't possibly express my gratitution."
Javier Bardem
The Monsters: The Lyle and Erik Menendez Story said of his nomination, "I am very grateful to the Golden Globes voters for this recognition. This nomination extends to everyone included in this powerful show for their exquisite work and artistry in every department. Thank you to Netflix, Ryan Murphy and Ian Brennan for bringing this challenging and human story to screen.”
Jamie Foxx
The 56-year-old was nominated for Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy on Television. 
“Thank you to the Golden Globes for this nomination," he shared. "This special has been a deeply personal journey for me, and to have my story appreciated on this level is incredibly rewarding. I’m grateful to Netflix, my family, my team, and everyone who’s supported me."
Adam Brody
The Nobody Wants This Star celebrated his first Golden Globe nomination.
“I’m ecstatic to hear about all the show’s nominations this morning," he shared. "It’s an absolute joy to work with this phenomenal group of people on something we all care about so much. And it’s beyond gratifying to see that audiences are enjoying it as much as we are!”
Nikki Glaser
The comedian—who is also hosting this year's ceremony—was nominated in the Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy on Television category.
"I want to thank the Golden Globes members for not only asking me to host this iconic night, but for nominating me for my first Golden Globe," she shared. "I found out about the nomination on the way to the airport after seeing Taylor Swift’s final show. I can’t think of a better post-Eras tour hangover cure than a Golden Globe nomination. Now I have something new to live for!"
Cooper Koch
The Monsters: The Lyle and Erik Menendez Story celebrated his first nomination
"This is one of the most surreal mornings of my life," he shared. "I still can’t believe it. To say it was a shock is an understatement! I am beyond grateful to the Golden Globes for the recognition, and to the entire team—including the creators and the cast and crew of Monsters and the team at Netflix—who made this all possible."
He added, "It has been a life-changing rollercoaster to portray Erik Mendendez, and I hope, more than anything, that in my portrayal of him, there was enough truth to acknowledge the suffering of so many victims of sexual assault. My performance and this nomination are dedicated to them. Now I’m going to go pinch myself.”
Nicole Kidman
The 57-year-old received a nomination Best Actress in a Motion Picture—Drama for Babygirl.
"Wow!!!! Thank you to the members of The Golden Globes," she shared in a statement. "I am so grateful to be included on this extraordinary list of nominees and to Halina Reijn for trusting me with the role of Romy.  I share this with Harris, Antonio, Sophie and the entire cast of BABYGIRL."
Sebastian Stan
The Marvel alum had a lot to celebrate with two nominations. 
"I’m beyond grateful to the Golden Globes for the incredible recognition, of me and of A Different Man and The Apprentice," he shared, "two films that speak to our ability to be fearless, to confront important issues, to ask questions that shed light and inspire thought. I stand on the shoulders of brave writers, crews, actors and artists who were courageous enough to take risks. Thank you Golden Globes for shining a light on us today!!" 
Jesse Eisenberg
For his A Real Pain nomination, Jesse shared, "I am thrilled and honored and surprised to be acknowledged so generously by the Golden Globes.  And if anyone can track down the mercurial Kieran Culkin, please give him a hug for me and congratulate him as well!”
Andrew Scott
On his nomination for Ripley, the actor shared, "It was a true honour to bring Patricia Highsmith’s iconic literary character to life in this new way, to spar with the glorious Dakota Fanning and to work with a cast and crew of truly extraordinary talent. Thank you to the Hollywood foreign press; I never dreamed murdering people on the Amalfi coast for a year would be recognised in this way. Grazie Mille."
“It was a uniquely positive experience creating The Gentlemen," he said of his Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy nomination. "Thank you for the nomination. As a team we’re delighted that the show found such an appreciative audience.”
Sofía Vergara
In addition to thanking the other actresses nominated in the Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television category, the Griselda actress shared in a statement, "Thank you so much to the HFPA for this nomination. I’ve done comedy my whole career, and I was stepping into a whole new  world as a dramatic actress. We worked on this show for over a decade and the last year of sharing it with everyone has been incredible."
Selena Gomez
The 32-year-old scored two nominations for her work in Only Murders in the Building and Emilia Pérez. 
In addition to sharing her pride for her "Only Murders fam," Selena added of her film nomination, "I don't even know what to write... I'm so proud of @ZoeSaldana and I am so grateful and honored @goldenglobes."
She addd in a statement, "I am truly grateful and humbled to be nominated for two different projects that mean the world to me. This recognition inspires me and motivates me to work even harder. Couldn’t be prouder of my Emilia Pérez and Only Murders family."
Hannah Einbinder
The actress earned her third nomination for Hacks.
“Getting to make Hacks," she shared in a statement, "with the hardest working, most talented and lovely crew, saying words written by Paul Downs, Jen Statsky, and Lucia Aniello, looking into the eyes of Jean Smart and every actor on this show is a once in a lifetime, lightning in a bottle experience. I cherish this show so deeply and to be recognized for my work on it is a sincere honor."
Tilda Swinton
"What a funny and nice thing to happen on a dreich Scottish Monday afternoon," she shared of her Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama nomination. "Love to all."
Jessia Gunning
The Baby Reindeer actress celebrated her first nomination. 
"Wowza. Words can’t really do justice to how thrilled I am to be nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actress - alongside some of my idols as well no less," she shared in a statement. "I think I might need someone to pinch me to check I’m not dreaming. Thank you so much to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association for this incredible honour, to the amazing cast and crew of Baby Reindeer, to Netflix and Clerkenwell Films, to my friends and family for all their support along the way. And a huge thanks of course to Richard, without whom none of this would even be possible."
Hugh Grant
The Heretic star celebrated his nomination for Best Actor in a Motion Picture—Musical or Comedy.
"I feel like a gate crasher. But a very warmly received one. Massive thanks to the Golden Globes and to Scott Beck and Bryan Woods for spotting my need to kill, and to A24 for sponsoring it."
Adrien Brody
On his Best Actor in a Motion Picture—Drama nomination for The Brutalist, Adrien shared, "I am so deeply moved by this Golden Globes nomination, standing alongside such remarkable performers. I am grateful to have had the opportunity to work with our fearless leader, Brady Corbet, and our dedicated cast and crew. This has truly been a team collaboration and labor of love.  In celebrating this film, you also honor the struggles and triumphs of my mother, my grandparents, and the many others who’ve emigrated to America. Thank you to the Golden Globes voters for this wonderful nomination, and for recognizing Felicity and Guy’s performances, Brady’s direction, the original score, screenplay and the film overall.”
Felicity Jones
Also nominated for The Brutalist, Felicity shared, "Thank you, thank you to the Golden Globes for this nomination. I am so very grateful to be nominated alongside such tremendous performances. It means so much to us all to have The Brutalist recognised by you. To be part of such an exquisite piece of cinema is a dream come true."
Kathy Bates
On her Matlock nomination, Kathy shared in a statement, "Thank you to the Golden Globes for this lovely honor. Our entire cast and crew worked hard to make a great show…not just me. I’m deeply grateful to CBS and Paramount for their fantastic support and most of all to Jennie Snyder-Urman for creating MATLOCK."
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.