Selena Gomez, who has been dating record producer Benny Blanco for over a year, shared insight into the couple’s upcoming plans for the holidays in an exclusive E! News interview. 
You may find Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco under the mistletoe this year, but don’t expect to see them together in the kitchen.
Indeed, the Only Murders in the Building star recently detailed her holiday plans with the Open Wide cookbook author and just how much she appreciates having the recipe connoisseur as her partner. 
“I will not be cooking anything,” Selena revealed to E! News’ Keltie Knight at The Hollywood Reporter’s Women in Entertainment gala Dec. 4. “Because I have a very good cook in my house, who’s my boyfriend.” (For more from Selena, tune into E! News tonight, Dec. 4, at 11 p.m.)
And while Selena herself once helmed her own cooking show on Max, Selena + Chef, she is going to keep herself in the front of the house when it comes to preparing for any festive dinner occasions.  
“It’s intimidating cooking with him,” she added. “I let him do all that.”
While Selena won’t be acting as Benny’s sous chef, she’s still in it with the record producer for the long haul, telling The Hollywood Reporter last month that her relationship with him is the “safest” she’s ever felt. 
“I see a future with this one,” she added to the outlet. “There’s so much of my relationship people don’t see, that’s just mine.”
Meanwhile, Benny is just as smitten. 
"I have a true best friend that I get to do everything in the world with,” he told People last month, “and every day is the best day of my life. I go all out for every date. We go all out for each other.”
When it comes to going all out in the kitchen, Benny certainly pulls out all the stops. In fact, he recently shared one of his favorite dishes to make the “Love On” singer. 
“Whenever I want to put a smile on her face or get laid,” Benny explained in an April Instagram video. “I just make her steak.”
A bit more romantically, Benny detailed the recipe as he went along making the meal—which also included potatoes and a caesar salad. He even went on to deliver the food to Selena’s house while she was sleeping, adding a note, “I love you! Sleep Well!” 
Keep reading for more sweet moments between the couple. 
Blossoming Romance
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco began dating in July 2023, around Selena's birthday, Benny said on the Howard Stern Show in May 2024.
But they only began to spark romance rumors in late 2023. That December, Selena confirmed the speculation, commenting on a fan page's Instagram post, regarding Benny, "He is my absolute everything in my heart."
She continued, "Why has he been the best thing that's ever happened to me. He's still better than anyone I've ever been with."
The Rare Beauty founder also shared a photo on her Instagram Story of her leaning her head on what looked to be Benny's chest.
With This Ring...
Selena later shared this pic on her Instagram Stories, which shows her wearing a bejeweled "B" ring.
That Kiss
...including a pic of the two kissing. 
Quality Time
Also in December 2023, Selena shared several photos of herself hanging out in New York City with Benny and their friends.i
Appreciating Art
Two days after Christmas 2023, Selena shared new pics of the couple at what appeared to be an art exhibit.
PDA Alert
Selena posted this pic of herself and Benny one day before New Year's Eve 2023.
Slam Dunk Date Night
The pair attended the Los Angeles Lakers' home game against the Miami Heat in January 2024.
Can't Keep Their Hands to Themselves
The couple packed on PDA in this February 2024 snapshot.
Happy Birthday Benny
Selena shared a tribute to her boyfriend on his 36th birthday in March 2024.
Birthday Tribute
"Happy birthday baby!" Selena wrote on her Instagram. "Your emotional endurance, positive disposition, unbelievable talent (that blows me away), undeniable humor and loving, kind heart absolutely kill me. I love you @itsbennyblanco."
PDA Alert
Selena included this kissing pic in her birthday tribute to Benny.
Naughty PDA Alert
...and these couple's pics as well.
Open Book
Selena celebrated the release of Benny's Open Wide in April 2024, captioning photos of the pair enjoying a cake shaped like his cookbook, "So proud."
Happy Fourth of July
Selena shared this pic of the two on Independence Day 2024.
Who Said "I Love You" First?
In July 2024, just ahead of their first dating anniversary, the two answered a viral "Who's Most Likely To" TikTok challenge, during which they were asked who was the first to say "I love you" to the other person. The answer? Selena.
Getting Cozy
Selena and Benny cuddled up in cute photos in July 2024 following her 32nd birthday.
Night Adventures
The actress captioned a gallery of summer photos, "Thank you for sharing your life with me today and everyday."
Beach Babes
The musicians soaked up the sun together on lounge chairs.
Dinner Date
Selena shared a silly pic of the two enjoying a bite.
Summer of Love
They're just loving each other like a love song, baby.
Incognito
The two were bundled up with masks on during one of their outings.
Pucker Up!
In another snap, Selena wore Benny's beanie as they pursed their lips for the camera.
Not Single Soon
The "Eastside" artist gave Selena a kiss on the cheek in a sweet summer snap in July 2024.
Good for You
He wrapped his arms around her in another adorable Instagram pic.
She Said Yes!
"Forever begins now," Selena wrote in December 2024, while revealing their engagement. Benny quipped in the comments, "hey wait… that’s my wife."
Golden Couple
The couple enjoyed a date night at the 2025 Golden Globes.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.