All products featured on Glamour are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
If you’ve ever wondered, “should I get bangs?” but you’re afraid the style might be too much work, I have good news. Wispy bangs don’t just look cool; they’re super low-maintenance, easy to style, and very much lazy-girl approved.
“See through or ‘wispy’ bangs are a softer, more playful bang cut to loosely accentuate the eye and temple areas,” Rogerio Cavalcante, owner and hairstylist at NYC’s the Second Floor Salon, tells Glamour. “Whether they are ‘micro’ wispy, or longer in length, there is less hair cut than a full fringe, so you can still see the forehead peeking through.” Essentially, they have movement and and more of an “airy” texture to them.
Cavalcante also notes that wispy bangs are a great choice for anyone unsure if they want full fringe, as they allows clients to test the look and try different styling techniques.
You’ve definitely seen the style before. Stars like Jenna Ortega, Selena Gomez, Camila Cabello, Zoë Kravitz, and Suki Waterhouse have all worn wispy bangs lately.
Jennie of Blackpink
Jenna Ortega
It's especially popular among K-pop stars like Blackpink’s Jennie, Jisoo, Lisa, and Rosé, Squid Game actor Jung Ho-Yeon, and model Lee Sung-Kyung, which makes sense: The wispy bangs trend started in South Korea.
As for why the look is trending now, as New York City hairstylist Dan Williams points out, K-pop stars clearly set the trend in motion. But he also notes that they’re the perfect beginner bang.
“Wispy bangs are fabulous and much more dainty than your traditional bang, and are therefore a great gateway into the world of bangs without the harsh commitment to a lot of bang density,” he explains, adding that while they don't provide as much forehead coverage, they’re also much easier to style due to their light nature. “So be sure to set them with spray on those windy days!”
Lisa of Blackpink
Jisoo of Blackpink
Wispy bangs are also comfortable to wear, no matter the season. “Wispy bangs are great for any time of year, as they’re not as dense as a full bang, so they won’t drive you crazy in the heat,” Williams continues. Case in point: Camila Cabello recently wore a wet-look version of wispy bangs in the Miami heat.
Jenna Spino, hairstylist at Chicago’s Maxine Salon, also sees wispy bangs as an ideal bang option for warm weather. “Wispy bangs are great for summer because they are a more carefree bang and not so heavy on your forehead,” she says. “They also air dry well, which is ideal for summer.” And for anyone feeling lazy.
There are so many ways to wear them, too. “Wispy bangs are easier to style, especially for frizz- prone hair types,” Cavalcante explains. “They can be slicked back with product or a cute accessory or headband or you can smooth them and position them with a styling gel and finishing oil.”
Camila Cabello
Rosé of Blackpink
Wispy bangs’ length can vastly vary too, as they look equally chic super short à la Hepburn bangs, straight across, parted into curtain bangs, and even grown out, meaning the upkeep is genuinely minimal. They’re also super versatile and can be worn with most face shapes. “Wispy bangs usually work well with square, heart, and oval face shapes,” says Spino. “The texture softens jawlines and can even elongate longer faces.”
That said, it all comes down to how you style them, according to Cavalcante. “Any face shape can wear wispy bangs since they are far less of a commitment or statement than a full fringe or curtain bangs,” he explains. “They are ideal for someone with a longer forehead or rounder face shape to create more dimension.”
Suki Waterhouse
Jung Ho-yeon
Feeling inspired? If you want wispy bangs, be sure to ask your stylist “for shorter, pieces to be layered or cut to hit by the eye or temple length,” says Cavalcante. “They can be shorter in the middle if you want to try a bit more of a bang look, but it should be a small section of hair so there is movement and body.”
As always however, Williams recommends bringing example photos. “I am always a huge advocate for reference images, but if you were to describe it for your stylist, I would suggest a curtain bang styling with a very small triangular section at the middle of the forehead and razored just below the brows to start,” he says.
Selena Gomez
Zoë Kravitz
As for styling? That depends on how much time you’re willing to spend on them. For a lazy girl-friendly style, opt for air drying. “You can air dry for a messier look, which works really well with wispy bangs, just use your fingers to separate them,” says Spino.
For a slightly more complicated styling technique, use a round brush and blow dryer for maximum volume, she says. “Apply a volumizer and round brush up to give volume to show off the texture. Velcro rollers like Trademark Beauty Velcro Rollers can also be used in place of round brush.”
Lee Sung-Kyung
Sabrina Elba
Prefer a flat iron? Perfect: That's what Williams suggests. “Style with a flat iron tilting the iron towards the face slightly to give a proper bang bounce and setting with curler to cool. Once it’s set, finish with your favorite setting spray.”
In terms of products, Cavalcante recommends stocking up on light holding leave in conditioner and texturizing spray. “This works best to not weigh the hair down,” he says.
Still feeling torn about whether or not to get bangs? Consider Cavalcante's parting words. “It’s a fun way to change up your look, so go for it,” he concludes. “It’s hair, it grows back!”
Nordstrom
Amazon
Amazon
Shop at
        
Nordstrom
Amazon
Nordstrom
Neiman Marcus
Amazon
Amazon
Danielle Sinay is the associate beauty editor at Glamour. Follow her on Instagram @daniellesinay.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices