Hulu / Hulu

It’s not an overstatement to say Only Murders in the Building is among the best shows on Hulu, and one of the main reasons the service has become such a powerful player in the ongoing streaming wars. Starring the inspired trio of Steve Martin, Martin Short, and Selena Gomez, the show follows three amateur sleuths who begin a tru crime podcast to investigate the death of their neighbor at a luxurious Upper West Side building in New York City.
Critically acclaimed and commercially successful, Only Murders in the Building is one of Hulu‘s crowning jewels, receiving numerous nominations at the Emmys and cementing itself as one of the most popular and beloved comedies on TV. It will return for its fourth season this simmer, bringing a new mystery and countless guest stars. Here’s everything we know about Only Murders in the Building season 4, one of the season’s most anticipated releases.
Only Murders in the Building follows three individuals who form an unlikely connection through their love for true crime. Charles-Haden Savage is a former YV star and semi-retired actor who achieved fame with the show Brazzos. Oliver Putnam is an over-the-top theater director with an infamous reputation for his notoriously bad musicals. And Mabel Mora is a young woman and artist living in her aunt’s apartment.
The initial mystery that brings them together is the death of Tim Kono, who turns out to be one of Mabel’s childhood friends. Although vastly different, the members of this unlikely trio form a deep bond, supporting each other through the numerous wild and unbelievable things that happen following Kono’s death. The chemistry between Martin, Short, and Gomez makes Only Murders one of the best comedies on Hulu, keeping each season fresh, twist-filled, and, most importantly, funny.
Season 3 of Only Murders in the Building is the best and most star-filled yet. The plot sees Oliver mount an ambitious Broadway show, Death Rattle, only for his plans to get derailed by the murder of his leading man, Ben Glenroy (Paul Rudd). As Charles, Oliver, and Mabel try to solve Ben’s death and Oliver tries to keep his show afloat, their bond gets tested.
Besides Rudd, three-time Oscar winner Meryl Streep joined the cast as Loretta Durkin, the show’s leading lady and Oliver’s love interest. Ashley Park, Jesse Williams, and Matthew Broderick also appeared, with Linda Emond and Wesley Taylor as the mother-and-son duo behind Ben’s murder.
After they solve the mystery and Oliver’s show opens to rapturous success, the trio prepares to celebrate. However, in Charles’ apartment, his longtime stunt double, Sazz Pataki, is shot by an unknown assailant, setting the stage for the next season.
It’s safe to say that whoever shot Sazz, who strongly resembles Charles, was most likely aiming for Charles. Sazz even tries to leave a message for Charles in her last moments, using her blood to write something on his floor. Previously, showrunner John Hoffman spoke to The Hollywood Reporter, cryptically teasing the mystery in season 4 by saying, “I think the idea of what you create is a thing you put out to the world, and sometimes you can’t be prepared for the repercussions of what potentially the world does with your thing, and how they feel about it.”
Although details for the plot remain under wraps, the trailer released as part of Disney’s upfront presentation provides some key details. For starters, the trio will leave New York and travel to Los Angeles, where there’s interest to turn their podcast into a movie. They will also be looking for clues into who killed Sazz, especially since there’s a chance that whoever killed her was going after Charles. Other than that, not much is known about the specifics of the season, but when it comes to mystery shows, less is more.
Season 4 of Only Murders in the Building will be, per the trailer’s words, “the starriest season yet.” Logically, Jane Lynch will return as Sazz Pataki, with the season probably exploring the circumstances that led to her death through flashbacks, as it did with every other victim. Meryl Streep will reprise her role as Loretta Durkin, whose romance with Oliver ended on a very promising note following the season 3 finale.
The trailer also confirms Molly Shannon will play one of the Hollywood producers interested in turning the trio’s podcast into a movie. Besides these three beloved icons, season 4 of Only Murders in the Building will welcome Eugene Levy, Eva Longoria, Zack Galifianakis, Melissa McCarthy, Kumail Nanjiani, and Richard Kind. Lastly, season 3 regular Michael Cyril Creighton and recurring player and recent Oscar winner Da’Vine Joy Randolph will also be back for this new mystery.
Yes! As part of Disney’s upfront presentation, the trailer for season 4 of Only Murders in the Building was released. As previously mentioned, the trailer doesn’t reveal much about the new season other than the trio’s trip to L.A.
However, it’s unknown if they’ll spend a large portion of the season in the City of Angels or if it’ll be only a few episodes. The trailer also reveals the star-studded ensemble, but doesn’t mention how large their roles will be.
The trailer for season 4 of Only Murders in the Building confirms the premiere date as August 27. Thus, the show becomes one of the few on streaming that doesn’t take years to release their new season. The first season premiered in 2021, with one season coming out every subsequent year. Fans will only have to wait a little longer — three months, in fact — to see their favorite amateur detectives back in action.
Only Murders in the Building is available to stream on Hulu.
Andor is arguably Lucasfilm's crowning achievement of the 21st century. While that may be up for debate, there's no denying the success of Andor season 1, culminating with universal acclaim from critics and eight Emmy nominations, including Outstanding Drama Series. It's certainly the most mature Star Wars project to date.
Created by Tony Gilroy, Andor stars Diego Luna as Cassian Andor, the petty thief who will eventually become a key leader and spy for the Rebel Alliance. Andor is a prequel set five years before the events of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, the film where Luna first introduced audiences to Cassian. It's been a long time since Andor season 1 ended in November 2022. Slowly but surely, season 2 is on the way. Below is everything you need to know about Andor season 2.
Is there a release date for Andor season 2?
Your favorite podcasting trio is heading to Hollywood in the trailer for Only Murders in the Building season 4.
Charles-Haden Savage (Steve Martin), Oliver Putnam (Martin Short), and Mabel Mora (Selena Gomez) leave New York City behind for Los Angeles to oversee the film adaptation of their podcast. The trio come face-to-face with their onscreen counterparts: Eugene Levy as Charles, Zach Galifianakis as Oliver, and Eva Longoria as Mabel.
The war over Middle-earth will continue to unfold with the upcoming season of Amazon's The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power. Though not everyone jumped on the hype train for season 1, the upcoming season seems ready to build upon the grand epic established so far.
Until the heroes of Middle-earth return to TV screens, here's everything that has been revealed about season 2 of The Rings of Power.
When will season 2 come out?
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.