The sneak peek comes just one day ahead of the star's first release of 2024.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Selena Gomez has shared a teaser video for her new single “Love On,” and it’s filled with PDA — for everyone except her.

	Posted to Instagram on Wednesday (Feb. 21), one day ahead of the song’s release, the trailer finds the singer/actress looking unbothered as she stands at the top of a staircase, holding an adorable puppy in her arms. Meanwhile, several couples lining the steps below her get hot and heavy, which she politely ignores.

	In French, a voice-over says, “Qu’est-ce que je vais te nommer? Je vais te nommer. L’amour … L’amour tendre.” Gomez previously shared the phrase — which translates to, “What shall I name you? I’m gonna name you the love … the tender love” — alongside two promotional photos for “Love On” via Instagram.

	The new teaser comes six days after the Only Murders in the Building star first announced “Love On,” which arrives Thursday. Last week, she posted the single’s ocean-view cover art and hinted at one of its lyrics: “Wait ‘til I turn my love on.”

	










	“Love On” will mark Gomez’s first release of the year, following her August 2023 single “Single Soon.” The latter track reached No. 19 on the Billboard Hot 100 and will likely serve as the lead single off the “Calm Down” singer’s yet-to-be-announced fourth album.

	And while Gomez has nobody to kiss in her “Love On” sneak peek, the same certainly can’t be said for her real life. The Rare Beauty founder is happily in a relationship with Benny Blanco and frequently shares photos of the producer on Instagram. On Valentine’s Day, for instance, she marked the occasion with a couple’s selfie on her Story and the caption, “I love you.” 

	See Gomez’s new teaser for “Love On” below.
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.