The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

Ben Higgins found lasting love… Ariana Grande has partnered with HeadCount… Kendall has released his statement… Selena Gomez starts following wedding planner… and JLo has filed for divorce from Ben Affleck
The Bachelor Universe is growing! Former Bachelor Ben Higgins didn’t end up marrying Lauren Bushnell. But she’s fine. Lauren ended up marrying country music artist Chris Lane and they have two little boys, Dutton and Baker. And after trying to find love on a couple other Bachelor spinoffs, Ben ended up meeting Jessica Clarke through DMs, they got married a couple years ago and now they’re expecting a baby girl in February. During Peter the Pilot’s stint as the Bachelor, he was real hung up on the virginal Madison Prewett, but Peter’s mom practically brought that girl to tears and they didn’t make it. Well, Madison went on to marry the equally virginal Grant Troutt and they just announced they’re expecting a baby, too. We don’t know the sex or due date yet.
Ben Higgins and wife Jessica Clarke expecting first child: ‘Next chapter of our love story’ https://t.co/bJKFyaWJ2E pic.twitter.com/ztct0WIG7o
The Bachelor alum Madison Prewett waited one week to tell husband Grant Troutt that she was pregnant with their first child. https://t.co/BqntjjnXih
Back in 2019, Ariana Grande teamed up with HeadCount to register over 30K of her fans to vote. Ariana is back at it again, giving two fans a chance to win tickets to the premiere of her upcoming movie Wicked. To enter, all you have to do is check your voter registration status on the HeadCount website. If you’re registered, great. If you’re not, you can do that, too. But you don’t have to vote, register to vote or be a registered voter to have a chance to win. But if you get 3 friends to register, you’ll triple your chances. If you are one of the two lucky who wins, you and your bestie will be flown to the US premiere of Wicked — I don’t know if it’ll be in LA or NY, but I’m assuming NY because of the Broadway connection. And before you hit the red carpet, you’ll get a full r.e.m. beauty glam experience.
want to win a trip the the @wickedmovie u.s. premier and a @rembeauty glam experience?take action with ariana grande and headcount for your chance and make sure you're good to vote https://t.co/HsUywp2rD3@TeamAriana pic.twitter.com/szpe6sk5Ks
The Love Island USA reunion special taped on Aug. 14 and aired 5 days later, which was this past Monday night. On Sunday night, Kendall and Nicole were still a couple. Things were rocky, but they were still hanging in there. She was having a lot of trouble getting past the lie he told about when he filmed a naughty video that leaked online. Kendall said it happened ages ago when he actually filmed it within hours of filming Love Island. At the reunion, which I haven’t seen, but based on my daughter’s retelling, the cast seemed to be Team Kendall, telling Nicole she needed to get over it while she continued to dig in her heels over her torment of being lied to. Apparently, watching that reunion play back Monday night was the nail in the coffin for Kendall. The next day, he posted on his Instagram Story, “I have decided to end things with Nicole. It reached a point where it was not healthy for us to continue the relationship. I still love and care for Nicole. I’ve never developed such strong feelings for a woman in my life. I have no regrets for the connection I made with her in the villa and it was real. She does not deserve any hate. Please stop with the negative comments/DM’s. We’re taking this time to focus on our mental health. Thank you guys.” This apparently blindsided Nicole, who responded on her Instagram Story, “On August 18th, Kendall and I agreed our relationship was worth working on, and we were making plans for me to visit him in Dallas soon. However, today, on August 20th, he called and ended things. While I understand and respect his decision, it’s hard to process this one. I opened up to him in the villa, and still love and care for him now. I’m struggling mentally and all I ask for is privacy during this time.”
Kendall has release his statement over his break up with Nicole #loveislandusa pic.twitter.com/IdJ4P1bZGA
Earlier this month, Deuxmoi posted a blind item saying, “This a list actress/semi retired singer got engaged over the weekend to her bf of a year recently surrounded by friends at their usual beach house hang out.” Everyone guessed she was talking about Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco. Adding fuel to the rumor, Selena posted a selfie with a pink heart emoji covering her ring finger. And now, someone with way too much time on her hands shared on TikTok that Selena just started following CMG Weddings & Events, which specializes in luxury weddings in LA, Napa Valley and San Francisco, and has been featured in Vogue. Only the best for Selena!
Selena Gomez Starts Following Wedding Planner on TikTok Amid Engagement Rumorshttps://t.co/UKwaFC07HxSelena Gomez seems like she’s sending another sign she’s engaged to Benny Blanco … because she’s now following a wedding planning agency on social media. Amid rumors Benny … pic.twitter.com/I3JHyZ8JkK
Jennifer Lopez finally pulled the plug. Ben Affleck was the one who initiated their reunion. He’s the one who got her hopes up that this would be her happily ever after. Then he moped around like a sad sack until he finally moved out of their mega mansion, signing the papers on his smaller mega mansion ON JENNIFER’S BIRTHDAY, which she celebrated without him in The Hamptons. And finally, on what would’ve been the second anniversary of their wedding ceremony in Georgia, Jennifer had to be the one to file for divorce because Ben was too chicken s*** to do it. Jennifer listed their date of separation as April 26. She asked that spousal support to be waived for both parties. Even though there’s no mention of a prenup, sources told TMZ Ben and Jen didn’t have one. And that’s it! As one person told Page Six, “They got caught up in the moment. Jennifer had wanted this wedding — the gowns, the friends, all the trappings and trimmings — for decades….They’ve turned the page on all the unfinished business of 20-plus years ago. They’ve seen things through to the end — and they know for sure now that they are not built for the long haul.” This source said, basically, this breakup is “the most elaborate and expensive exercise in closure ever.”
#JLo has filed for divorce from #BenAffleck Charles breaks down the #TMZ #exclusive. https://t.co/FGPCuxooKO pic.twitter.com/6rRZJiX0q3

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show