Selena Gomez poses for photographers at the photo call for the film 'Emilia Perez' at the 77th international film festival, Cannes, southern France, Sunday, May 19, 2024. (Photo by Scott A Garfitt/Invision/AP)Scott A Garfitt/Invision/AP
Singer and actor Selena Gomez has responded to online scrutiny of her body after a red carpet appearance. 
Elle reports that Gomez, known for series including “Wizards of Waverly Place” and “Only Murders in the Building,”recently appeared at the premiere of her new film, “Emilia Pérez" in Los Angeles.
But after some online commentary about her posing in photos from the event, Gomez responded with comments of her own.
“This makes me sick,” she wrote in a comment on TikTok. “I have SEBO in my small intestine. It flares up. I don’t care that I don’t look like a stick figure. I don’t have that body. End of story. No I am NOT a victim. I’m just human.”
SIBO stands for small intestinal bacterial overgrowth, a condition that interferes with digestion and can cause malnutrition, bloating and pain.
Gomez has previously gone public with other medical issues, including a diagnosis of lupus and a kidney transplant. 
“Emilia Perez” had a limited released in theaters beginning on Nov. 1, and be available on Netflix starting on Nov. 13. 
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices