By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:07, 22 October 2024   |  Updated:  19:21, 22 October 2024   
 36
View  comments
Selena Gomez is still going strong with her boyfriend, music producer Benny Blanco.
The two were seen arm in arm as he held onto her hand on Monday evening at the Emilia Perez premiere after party in Los Angeles. 
The actress, 32, beamed as she was in a red booth with her love at the Hollywood venue Mother Wolf.
Also with the lovebirds was Gomez's costar Edgar Ramirez, 47, whom she has called her 'best friend' after fans accused them of engaging in a secret romance.
The photos settled that Selena is indeed not getting hot-n-heavy with Edgar and is still very happy with Benny. 
Selena Gomez is still going strong with her boyfriend, music producer Benny Blanco. The two were seen arm in arm as he held onto her hand on Monday evening at the Emilia Perez premiere after party in Los Angeles . The actress, 32, beamed as she was in a red booth
Also with the lovebirds was Gomez's costar Edgar Ramirez, 47, whom she has called her 'best friend' after fans accused them of engaging in a secret romance. The photos settled that Selena is indeed not getting hot-n-heavy with Edgar and is still very happy with Benny
Selena was in an Elie Saab gown and Blanco, 36, wore a black suit. 
The music producer also reposted a video of his girlfriend smiling on the red carpet. And he showed the Emilia Perez billboard that read, The Best Picture of the Year. Emilia Pérez.
Also at the packed premiere were Selena's Emilia Perez's costars Zoe Saldana and Karla Sofia Gascon. 
Gomez and Blanco were last seen at Disneyland earlier last month.
Blanco and the Only Murders in the Building star first went public with their relationship in December 2023.
Gomez told Vanity Fair, 'I've never been loved this way. He's just been a light. A complete light in my life. He's my best friend. I love telling him everything.'
Emilia Perez is in theaters on November 1 and will be released on Netflix on November 13.
Selena was in an Elie Saab gown
(L-R) Adriana Paz, Karla Sofi­a Gascon, Zoe Saldana, Gomez and Edgar Rami­rez attend the Los Angeles Premiere of Netflix's Emilia Perez at The Egyptian Theatre Hollywood
Last month Gomez  declared she's not ashamed to have admitted she can't carry children and has bipolar disorder.
The 'Wizards of Waverly Place' actress recently said she was planning to adopt a baby before she met her music producer boyfriend Benny, but then revealed she has had to come to terms with the fact she won't be able to become a mother naturally due to medical reasons.
She said at a Women in Film event which she attended alongside her 11-year-old sister Gracie Elliott Teefey: 'I truly believe that there is power in being vulnerable and telling people when you need help, when you want help.
'That is not shameful. So yeah, I shared that I can't carry a child. Yeah, I shared I have bipolar – f*** off. That's what my life is like.'
The lovebirds were also seen on TikTok 
Blanco speaks onstage during the 2024 SONA Warrior Awards at Skirball Cultural Center on October 6
Selena added she wants to 'advocate for women', and that's why she shares her pain.
She said: 'That's why I like to be honest – because everybody's going through something.
'I don't have it all together. I'm me. And that's all I can be.
'So do not ever let anyone tell you that you are not a good person, that you aren't kind, that you won't treat people with respect.
'Cause that is not lame, that is so cool of you guys.
'And that is the fact. So, screw anyone who tells you you're a victim. You're a survivor in my book.'
Selena revealed in Vanity Fair's October issue that she is unable to carry her own children saying: 'I haven't ever said this... but I unfortunately can't carry my own children.
'I have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby's in jeopardy… that was something I had to grieve for a while.'
The actress previously discussed suffering from complications with lupus and revealed her bipolar diagnosis in April 2020.
Zoe Saldana attended the Monday night Los Angeles premiere of her new film Emilia Perez with costar Selena Gomez.
She also spent some time with her friend Blanca Blanco as they discussed the buzz around the Spanish language movie. 
Saldana told Blanco there was a lot of 'excitement' around the gritty film Emilia Perez - about a Mexican drug dealer who changes their gender - and she is thrilled about it, in a DailyMail.com exclusive.
'The performances were excellent and so powerful performances,' Blanca told DailyMail.com after seeing the movie. 'And the film offers so much, it is really boundary-pushing.
'Zoe is being talked about for an Oscar nomination and I can see why. She really does it all, sings, dances, and speaks in both English and Spanish.'
Blanca also posed with the main star of the film, Karla Sofía Gascón. 'I love being a part of this amazing cast, I loved the experience,' gushed Karla to Blanca. 'These women are brilliant.'
Zoe Saldana attended the Monday night Los Angeles premiere of her new film Emilia Perez with costar Selena Gomez . She also spent some time with her friend Blanca Blanco as they discussed the excitement around the Spanish language movie
Selena Gomez was also on the carpet as Saldana added a fuchsia top
After the movie there was a standing ovation.
The actors were also seen on stage as Selena introduced the cast.
Selena, who stars on the hit Hulu series Only Murders In The Building, spoke highly of her costars. 
Selena said, 'I hope we make you proud' then she thanked the crew for 'working tirelessly.'
Meanwhile, her co-star Zoe also stood on stage as she made comments to the audience.
'We are grateful that you are opening your heart to receiving this film,' said Saldana. 
She was joined on the star-studded red carpet by longtime husband Marco Perego.
The two spouses, who have three young sons, shared an affectionate kiss ahead of the premiere.
Marco, who hails from Italy, wore a dark, subtly patterned trench coat over a black top, trousers, and boots.
Karla Sofia Gascon (right), who stars in the title role, stunned in a ruched, off-the-shoulder dress. 'I love being a part of this amazing cast, I loved the experience,' gushed Karla to Blanca
Blanca had on a polka dot mini dress from Azazie and black heels by YSL. Her makeup was by Mina Abramovic and hair by Vladimir Simic
Zoe was joined on the star-studded red carpet by longtime husband Marco Perego
The two spouses, who have three young sons, shared an affectionate kiss ahead of the premiere
L-R Adriana Paz, Karla Sofia Gascon, Zoe, Selena, and Edgar Ramirez
Blanca, who wore a dress by Azazie and heels by YSL, also posed with John Savage of Deerhunter fame.
Blanco is not related to Selena's boyfriend Benny Blanco, who was also at the event. 
Gascon, 52, who stars in the title role of the movie, stunned in a ruched, off-the-shoulder dress.
Zoe takes on the role of Rita in the Spanish language film while Selena portrays the character Jessi Del Monte. 
The movie is set in Mexico and tells the story of a lawyer who receives 'an unexpected offer to help a feared cartel boss retire from his business and disappear forever by becoming the woman he's always dreamed of being,' according to an IMDb synopsis.
It won the Jury Prize during the 77th Cannes Film Festival in May, and the female ensemble won the Best Actress award. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group