Selena Gomez revealed how she and Benny Blanco are thinking about the prospect of marriage in Vanity Fair's October issue following speculation that they're engaged.
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco have found something rare with their love, but they're not feeling the pressure to get married.
The Emilia Pérez actress weighed in on whether or not she and the music producer are thinking about taking their relationship to the next level amid speculation that they're engaged. 
"We always make sure we’re protecting what we have, but there’s no rules,” she told Vanity Fair in an interview published Sept. 9. “I want him to always be himself. I always want to be myself.”
The "Hands To Myself" hitmaker's comments come several weeks after she first sparked engagement rumors with an Aug. 8 post on her Instagram Stories in which she covered her that finger with a strategically placed heart emoji.
Selena seemingly put the speculation to rest when she appeared at the season 4 premiere for her Hulu series Only Murders in the Building on Aug. 22 without an engagement ring on.
While Benny and Selena aren't putting pressure on themselves to rush down the aisle, they've still been open about their commitment to one another.
After host Howard Stern told Benny during a May interview that he's "predicting marriage" for the couple, the music producer replied, "You and me both."
Selena further opened up about their future together in Vanity Fair's cover story, discussing their mutual desire to have children and disclosing publicly for the first time that she can't carry her own children as a result of health struggles.
While Benny, 36, and Selena, 32, aren't putting pressure on themselves to rush down the aisle, they've still been open about their commitment to one another.
After host Howard Stern told Benny during a May interview that he's "predicting marriage" for the couple, the music producer replied, "You and me both."
Selena further opened up about their future together in Vanity Fair's October cover story, discussing their mutual desire to have children and disclosing publicly for the first time that she can't carry her own children as a result of health struggles.
"I haven’t ever said this, but I unfortunately can’t carry my own children," she shared. "I have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby’s in jeopardy. That was something I had to grieve for a while."
She continued, "It’s not necessarily the way I envisioned it. I thought it would happen the way it happens for everyone. [But] I’m in a much better place with that. I find it a blessing that there are wonderful people willing to do surrogacy or adoption, which are both huge possibilities for me."
The singer added that, while she will have to take an alternative path to motherhood, she's still looking forward to the process and being able to one day have a child.
"I’m excited for what that journey will look like, but it’ll look a little different," Selena said. "At the end of the day, I don’t care. It’ll be mine. It’ll be my baby."
And, according to the "Same Old Love" artist, her boyfriend is similarly excited about becoming a parent. In response to Benny's comment to Stern that having kids is "the next goal on the box," Selena hilariously gave him a little grief.
"He can’t lie," she said to Vanity Fair. "After the interview, I was dying laughing. Like, ‘Anything else you wanted to put out there?’"
Ultimately, Selena is grateful to have Benny as a positive presence and influence in her life.
"I’ve never been loved this way. He’s just been a light. A complete light in my life," she gushed. "He’s my best friend. I love telling him everything."
Keep reading for more on Selena and Benny's love story.
Blossoming Romance
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco began dating in July 2023, around Selena's birthday, Benny said on the Howard Stern Show in May 2024.
But they only began to spark romance rumors in late 2023. That December, Selena confirmed the speculation, commenting on a fan page's Instagram post, regarding Benny, "He is my absolute everything in my heart."
She continued, "Why has he been the best thing that's ever happened to me. He's still better than anyone I've ever been with."
The Rare Beauty founder also shared a photo on her Instagram Story of her leaning her head on what looked to be Benny's chest.
With This Ring...
Selena later shared this pic on her Instagram Stories, which shows her wearing a bejeweled "B" ring.
That Kiss
...including a pic of the two kissing. 
Quality Time
Also in December 2023, Selena shared several photos of herself hanging out in New York City with Benny and their friends.i
Appreciating Art
Two days after Christmas 2023, Selena shared new pics of the couple at what appeared to be an art exhibit.
PDA Alert
Selena posted this pic of herself and Benny one day before New Year's Eve 2023.
Slam Dunk Date Night
The pair attended the Los Angeles Lakers' home game against the Miami Heat in January 2024.
Can't Keep Their Hands to Themselves
The couple packed on PDA in this February 2024 snapshot.
Happy Birthday Benny
Selena shared a tribute to her boyfriend on his 36th birthday in March 2024.
Birthday Tribute
"Happy birthday baby!" Selena wrote on her Instagram. "Your emotional endurance, positive disposition, unbelievable talent (that blows me away), undeniable humor and loving, kind heart absolutely kill me. I love you @itsbennyblanco."
PDA Alert
Selena included this kissing pic in her birthday tribute to Benny.
Naughty PDA Alert
...and these couple's pics as well.
Open Book
Selena celebrated the release of Benny's Open Wide in April 2024, captioning photos of the pair enjoying a cake shaped like his cookbook, "So proud."
Happy Fourth of July
Selena shared this pic of the two on Independence Day 2024.
Who Said "I Love You" First?
In July 2024, just ahead of their first dating anniversary, the two answered a viral "Who's Most Likely To" TikTok challenge, during which they were asked who was the first to say "I love you" to the other person. The answer? Selena.
Getting Cozy
Selena and Benny cuddled up in cute photos in July 2024 following her 32nd birthday.
Night Adventures
The actress captioned a gallery of summer photos, "Thank you for sharing your life with me today and everyday."
Beach Babes
The musicians soaked up the sun together on lounge chairs.
Dinner Date
Selena shared a silly pic of the two enjoying a bite.
Summer of Love
They're just loving each other like a love song, baby.
Incognito
The two were bundled up with masks on during one of their outings.
Pucker Up!
In another snap, Selena wore Benny's beanie as they pursed their lips for the camera.
Not Single Soon
The "Eastside" artist gave Selena a kiss on the cheek in a sweet summer snap in July 2024.
Good for You
He wrapped his arms around her in another adorable Instagram pic.
She Said Yes!
"Forever begins now," Selena wrote in December 2024, while revealing their engagement. Benny quipped in the comments, "hey wait… that’s my wife."
Golden Couple
The couple enjoyed a date night at the 2025 Golden Globes.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.