By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:28, 21 November 2024   |  Updated:  21:26, 22 November 2024   
 60
View  comments
Selena Gomez flashed the flesh for the new issue of Perfect magazine that dropped on Thursday.
The former teen queen was naked under an ivory blanket while in a black leather cap then posed in a see-through white lace gown in a shower stall. 
The former Disney star was promoting her new Spanish and English language movie Emilia Perez about a notorious drug lord in Mexico who turns into a woman with a heart of gold.
Gomez is winning raves for her performance as the drug dealer's young wife whom he leaves in the dust only to reunite with her years later.
In the new issue of Perfect, Selena takes fashion chances with wild leotards and funky blue eye makeup, and the results are spectacular.
In an extensive 48-page, one shoot magazine, Perfect issue 7.5 is dedicated to the beauty mogul.
Selena Gomez flashed the flesh for the new issue of Perfect magazine that dropped on Thursday. Here she is naked under a blanket
And in the new self-portrait residency by Christopher Kane collection in a shoot from Morgan Maher; the interview was by Paul Rudd
Shot in New York in October by photographer Morgan Maher, the Perfect Selena-zine is the second standalone, one talent issue/
Perfect Editor-in-Chief and Selena-zine Fashion Director, Katie Grand says: 'Selena has always been on my wish-list, a dream cover star for Perfect.
'She's a generational icon who has come of age in public. After the astonishing success of her film, Emilia Perez at Cannes, I felt that now was exactly the right time to make that dream come true and mark her maturing into her happiest, most fulfilled and gorgeous creative self.'
Perfect issue 7.5 is styled by Jordan Kelsey, with hair by Kevin Ryan and make-up by Hung Vanngo.
This special issue was art-directed and designed by the legendary team at Farrow, Gary Stillwell and Mark Farrow. 
Gomez was interviewed for Paul Rudd, her co-star in the hit Disney+ whodunnit, Only Murders in The Building.
The star was promoting her new Spanish and English language movie Emilia Perez about a notorious drug lord in Mexico who turns into a woman with a heart of gold. Gomez is winning raves for her performance as the drug dealer's young wife
 In the new issue of Perfect, Selena takes fashion chances with wild leotards and funky makeup. In an extensive 48-page, one shoot magazine, Perfect issue 7.5 is dedicated to the beauty mogul
In the shoot, Gomez wears the best of next season. 
She becomes the first cover star to wear the debut of Alessandro Michele for Valentino.
Elsewhere, clothes by YSL, Adidas and recently launched Self Portrait by Christopher Kane, Prada, among others.
'For her millions of fans,' says Katie Grand, 'Selena is the ultimate, magical woman next door. We couldn't be more delighted to dedicate a special issue to her.'
Earlier Gomez said forged a deeper connection with her Mexican identity by starring in Emilia Perez.
The 32-year-old star plays the role of Jessi Del Monte in the Spanish-language movie and explained that the part was 'meaningful' as she has Mexican heritage on her father Ricardo's side of the family.
Selena told Entertainment Weekly of performing in Spanish: 'I just wanted to know that I could do it.
Gomez has a beauty line called Rare
She looked ready for a nap as she sat on an unmade bed
'What's really difficult about my position is that I am really surrounded by predominantly white English-speaking people. So, to be a part of something like this was truly meaningful because I'm very proud of who I am.
'I may not be fluent, but that doesn't make me less proud or less Mexican in my eyes. I think it's about what my last name has always meant to me: it's my family. It's everything that's a part of me.'
The former Disney star hopes that she will be able to speak Spanish in a future role as she fears her grasp of the language could diminish if she isn't talking in it regularly.
Selena said: 'Everyone around us was speaking Spanish mainly, and when you're not around that, it's definitely hard to keep it going. That's the only bummer thing for me personally, but I hope it's not my last project I do in Spanish. It is something that I feel I've gotten better at.
Selena Gomez, from left, Zoe Saldana and Karla Sofi­a Gascon arrive at the ELLE Women in Hollywood celebration on November 19 in Los Angeles
'I can understand a whole conversation now, so be aware of what you say in front of me.'
The 'Only Murders in the Building' actress continued: 'I think I'll always want to do something, and this was just a taste of it. I was so excited, and the result was life-giving.
'I feel like whether it's music or if it's a part of a show or a movie, I am completely open. I would love that. The more I learn, the better it is for my soul.'
Am I the only one that hasn&apos;t heard of half o...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group