23 July 2024

Selena Gomez’s boyfriend has boasted he has the “hottest chick in the game wearing my chain”.
Selena Gomez’s boyfriend has boasted he has the ‘hottest chick in the game wearing my chain’
Music producer Benny Blanco, 36, and Selena have been an item since June 2023 and he celebrated her 32nd birthday on Monday (22.07.24) by giving the singer and actress a jewel-encrusted necklace in the shape of his first initial. 
Selena showed off her diamond-covered ‘B’ necklace – a 14-karat gold, diamond-studded piece from Los Angeles-based brand Baby Gold, which sells for $600 – in a photo posted on Instagram.
Benny commented on the image: “I got the hottest chick in the game wearing my chain” – in reference to Jay-Z’s lyric from his ‘Public Service Announcement’ track.
Selena and Benny have posted a series of loved-up snaps online, and most recently publicly showed their romance was going strong by cuddling up for a photo to mark the Fourth of July celebrations.

They had reunited when the shot was taken after Selena was away filming.

Their image was posted on Selena’s Instagram and showed Benny wrapping his arm around her chest and hugging her from behind as she sat at a garden table. 

Selena had been away before it was taken attending the Cannes Film Festival to promote her film ‘Emilia Perez’ and filming the latest series of her hit show ‘Only Murders in the Building’ in New York.

Selena recently said she was planning to adopt a baby before she met Benny.

She told Time about resigning herself to being a single mum: “I was alone for five years and I got really used to it. A lot of people are afraid of being alone and I probably tortured myself in my head for like two years being alone, and then I kind of accepted it.”

Selena added she then “came up with my plan”, which was for her to adopt at the age of 35 if she “had not met anyone”.

She said about things changing when she met Benny: “It just happens when you least expect it.”

Selena took her romance with Benny, born Benjamin Levine, public in December, and he has told how his “next goal” is to have children with the actress.

He said on ‘The Howard Stern Show’: “That’s my next goal, to check the box (of having a family.)

“I have a ton of godkids; I’ve got a ton of nephews. I love being around kids.”


Tagged in  Selena Gomez


© 2025 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved.
duration : 0.14488s v4.2 - 2025-05-04 02:26:22