Manage your account
When Warner Records, home to such artists as Red Hot Chili Peppers, Dua Lipa, Green Day and Los Angeles cover star Benson Boone, announced it was moving its headquarters to Downtown Los Angeles’ Arts District, the music industry met the news with surprise. After all, the company’s home for some 40 years across from Burbank’s Warner Bros. Pictures lot (the two entities are not affiliated) — affectionally dubbed the “ski lodge” — was the stuff of legend. Rock legends, specifically, as the likes of James Taylor, Neil Young and Fleetwood Mac regularly roamed its halls.But it was time to move on. By 2019, the business had seen tectonic shifts in how it operates, as streaming became the prime revenue generator, and its rich history aside, the label and parent company Warner Music Group was squarely focused on the future, even as it rehabbed a building from the past. “It's bright and expansive, we have glass walls and an open floor plan and everybody commingles in a great way,” says Tom Corson, COO and co-Chairman of Warner Records, of the 240,000-square-foot former Ford Model T showroom built in 1913 at Santa Fe Avenue and 7th Street — which was reimagined by architecture firm Rockwell Group. Norman Wonderly, Warner’s EVP Creative, commissioned original artwork from Shepard Fairey, Tristan Eaton and KMNDZ (Johnny Rodriguez) to adorn its walls alongside iconic images of Madonna and the Ramones.
“Usually, a record company is spread out over multiple floors; you get whisked up to the chairman's office and you don't really get a sense for the energy or the culture,” adds CEO and co-Chairman Aaron Bay-Schuck, who joined Warner in 2018. “The company is set up where the elevator doors open, and you immediately get a sense of what Warner Records is. There’s also a synergistic story with the emergence of DTLA as a vibrant center of Los Angeles, and to have Warner Records going through its own era of reinvention, it’s nice to see our label having this rebirth at the same time.”
Related: Beautiful Things Are Ahead for Benson Boone
Indeed, in 2024, Warner has emerged as an unstoppable force when it comes to hits by new artists. Boone’s “Beautiful Things,” Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” and Zach Bryan’s “I Remember Everything” with Kacey Musgraves are three of the most-consumed songs of the year as of July, putting the label at third place among its competitors with a market share of 6.4 percent. It’s a big win for the staff, which had to weather COVID just as its office move was completed.
"I don't think it's any coincidence that Warner Records is having the run it's having not long after we've all been back in the office on a very consistent four-day-a-week basis,” says Bay-Schuck. “Our staff was really hungry for that personal connection. We missed the ideas that would come from a random conversation in the kitchen or when waiting in line for the bathroom, or sitting next to somebody in a meeting. That was lost during COVID.”
You could say the same of the food and nightlife scene that was still developing in the area. “The momentum is back,” Corson assures. “New restaurants and bars are opening and the people that hung in down there [during the pandemic] are being rewarded.”
There’s a synergistic story with the emergence of DTLA as a vibrant center of Los Angeles." —Aaron Bay-Schuck
That includes the Warner businesses for sticking out a slower revival than DTLA investors had hoped. But as has long been the way of the revered label that bears its name, patience is a virtue.
“Certainly we get our hands dirty all the time with our artists, but we've also gotten good at staying out of the way and letting them mature and develop the way they need to,” says Bay-Schuck. “Whether you’re Zach Bryan, Teddy Swims, Benson Boone, Omar Apollo or David Guetta, our artists come to us with real articulation, vision, talent and star power. So the trick is, there is no trick. Just create a wonderfully supportive culture and the rest should take care of itself. And we're watching that unfold in real-time.”