By KIRSTEN MURRAY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  19:13, 10 November 2024   |  Updated:  14:03, 2 January 2025   
 88
View  comments
Katherine Ryan made a rare red carpet appearance with her daughter Violet as the pair attended the MTV European Music Awards at Manchester's Co-op Live Arena on Sunday night.
The comedian, 41, put on a very busty display in a long sleeved black dress which featured mesh and sparkly silver paneling. 
Wearing her short blonde locks in a half up half down style, Katherine beamed beside her daughter who showed off her uncanny resemblance to her famous mother. 
Violet, who also joined as her mum's plus one at the BAFTA TV Awards back in May, opted for a sparkly black dress and matching shimmery ankle boots. 
The pair were joined by a star-studded line up as Raye, Maya Jama, Vick Hope and Mabel also graced the carpet.  
Katherine Ryan, 41, made a rare red carpet appearance with her daughter Violet, 15, at the MTV European Music Awards at Manchester's Co-op Live Arena on Sunday 
The comedian, 41, put on a very busty display in a long sleeved black dress which featured mesh and sparkly silver paneling
Meanwhile Rita Ora has made history as the first person to host the MTV European Music Awards for the third time this year, at the star-studded ceremony held at Manchester's Co-op Live Arena.
It comes after organisers were forced to cancel last year's event in Paris due to security fears amid the Israel and Hamas war. 
Taylor Swift leads the 2024 nominations with seven nods, while Raye, Shawn Mendes and Teddy Swims will be performing to the huge crowd of 20,000 fans. 
During the show host Rita will also reportedly pay tribute to late pal and One Direction star Liam Payne, following the singer's tragic death aged 31 last month.
The One Direction singer fell 45ft from the third floor into the courtyard of the Casa Sur Hotel in Buenos Aires.
A source claimed the tribute could range from a musical performance of Liam's hits to a video looking back at his time in showbiz.
They told The Sun: 'In the coming days they will start drawing up official plans. Officially Rita is yet to be announced, but she is hosting this year's awards and will be involved in whatever MTV decides to do'.
'She and Liam have been close for years and grew in the industry together. Obviously she is devastated by his passing'.
Violet, who also joined as her mum's plus one at the BAFTA TV Awards back in May, opted for a sparkly black dress and matching shimmery ankle boots
Katherine wore her short blonde locks in a half up half down style and completed the look with silver strappy heels 
The star posed for a fun snap with Jedward 
Taylor Swift may well lead the nominations, but it was an array of home grown stars leading the glamour including Rita Ora (L), Maya Jama (R), Vick Hope and Raye 
Raye, 27, kept it simple in brown dress adorned with silver embellishments 
Rita Ora has made history as the first person to host the MTV European Music Awards for the third time this year, at the star-studded ceremony held at Manchester's Co-op Live Arena
During the show host Rita will also reportedly pay tribute to late pal and One Direction star Liam Payne , following the singer's tragic death aged 31 last month (pictured 2018) 
Taylor Swift (pictured) leads the 2024 nominations with seven nods, while Raye , Shawn Mendes and Teddy Swims will be performing to the huge crowd of 20,000 fans 
Pop superstar Taylor, who already has 15 MTV EMAs to her name, is up for Best Artist, Best Video, Best Pop, Best Live and Biggest Fans. 
She is also up for Best Collaboration for her single Fortnight with Post Malone, which has also scored a nod in the Best Video category for her 11th studio album The Tortured Poets Department.
Yet she faces stiff competition on the night as Ariana Grande, Billie Eilish, Charli xcx and Sabrina Carpenter all scored five nominations each, appearing in categories such as Best Song, Best Video and Best Artist.
Closely following with four nominations each are Ayra Starr, Beyoncé, Kendrick Lamar, LISA, plus first-time nominees Chappell Roan and Tyla.
There are 19 nominees have the chance to score their first ever MTV EMA at this year's show, including: Kehlani and Tinashe in the Best R&B category, Disclosure and Fred Again.. for Best Electronic, Fontaines D.C. for Best Alternative, The Last Dinner Party for Best New and BTS' Jimin for Best K-Pop, which marks his first nomination as a solo artist.
Elsewhere, MTV Push's finest battle it out in the Best Push category, which features Flyana Boss, Laufey, Shaboozey, The Warning, Victoria Monét, as well as LE SSERAFIM and Teddy Swims, who are also up for Best New.
Taylor faces stiff competition on the night as Ariana Grande , Billie Eilish , Charli xcx (left) and Sabrina Carpenter (right) all scored five nominations each
Closely following with four nominations each are Ayra Starr, Beyoncé, Kendrick Lamar, LISA, plus first-time nominees Chappell Roan (pictured) and Tyla
With the MTV EMAs headed to Manchester, there is even more anticipation in store for fans in the city, as Liam Gallagher goes head to head with Bon Jovi, Coldplay, Green Day, Kings of Leon, Lenny Kravitz and The Killers in the Best Rock category.
Speaking ahead of the event host Rita said: 'I'm over the moon that I get to be back with my MTV family hosting the EMAs for the third time!
'The EMAs stage has become like another home for me, and this year's show in Manchester is going to be absolutely incredible!
'We've got an amazing lineup of music performances and plenty of surprises in store. We're all 'mad for it!'.'
One of the biggest global music events celebrates the world's most iconic artists, bringing fans a unique, multi-platform experience across MTV's global network in nearly 150 countries.
The 2024 MTV EMAs will broadcast at 9pm GMT Sunday, November 10 on MTV UK, Channel 5 and Pluto TV.
The awards, sponsored by Cetaphil for Sensitive Skin and Paramount+, will be available on demand on Paramount+ from November 12. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group