Home » Thomas Rhett Co-Hosts 11/16-17
The co-host this wknd is Thomas Rhett, who’s in our Top 10 with “Beautiful As You.”  It’s from his new album “About A Woman.”  Thomas will perform with pop star Teddy Swims on the CMA Awards.  He tells Lon he’s been writing with a lot of new artists. Plus he previews his Vegas residency.
On Friday, Thomas released a new duet version of his song “Somethin’ Bout A Woman” with pop star Teddy Swims. “I told him, ‘I just feel this song needs you on it.’  He can sing with anyone in the world. I texted him yesterday, ‘I just want you to know how grateful I am that you lent your talents to this song.'”
The two will then perform that song next week on the CMA Awards: “We’re going to do ‘Somethin’ Bout a Woman’ transitioning into his global smash ‘Lose Control,’ which I’m terrified about.  I don’t know if I can sing that high.  I can’t wait to get into rehearsals and figure it out.”
Thomas has had a chance to meet and write songs with several new artists, which led him to say: “I really am starting to feel my age around certain artists.  I’m starting to see the gap, how much a decade makes a difference.  I’m about to turn 35, and a lot of these new artists are in their mid-20s.”
One of those new artists is Ella Langley: “We played a show with Riley & Ella in Tempe. Me & Riley are trying to teach each other how to use TikTok, and Ella is literally an expert in social media.  She left the bus, and I said to Riley, ‘Have you ever felt so 35 in your life?'”
He also has written with Dasha: “I was nervous to write with her.  Was what I said cool enough for what she wants to do.  Even melodies are different in a decade younger generation. Just listening to some of Dasha’s melodies, I was like, ‘How did you think to go there?'”
Thomas didn’t tour this past year, so Lon asked him if he went anywhere special during the summer: “We went to Africa for the first time with our entire family.  It was the first time my oldest was back there since she was adopted from there. We talked about it a lot.  It was one of the most special trips of my whole life.”
Thomas told Lon he recently met Jelly Roll: “We were about to perform at the ACMs. We were changing clothes, and he says to me, ‘Dude I went to CMA Fest to see you in 2014.’  I just thought that was a hilarious awkward place. I hope we get to spend more time together in the future.”Thomas also has great stories this week about Luke Bryan, Russell Dickerson, Jordan Davis, Riley Green, and Bailey Zimmerman.
NEXT WEEK: Parmalee
Tags:  featured
Category: CO-HOST
If you enjoyed this article, subscribe to receive more just like it.
Comments are closed.
Country Countdown USA