Home    Forums    Music    2025 Gold Derby Music Awards: Pre-nominations voting CLOSED! Thank you all!
Hi all!
I think this worked out so well last year that I wanted to start this process again as early as possible in the hopes of getting even more participation. So effective immediately, I want you to submit to me ***VIA PRIVATE MESSAGE*** up to 10 contenders (not ranked) you want to see included at the Gold Derby Music Awards in the following categories:
Best Pop Artist
Best Pop Song
Best Pop Album
Best Rock/Alternative Artist
Best Rock/Alternative Song
Best Rock/Alternative Album
Best Country/Americana Artist
Best Country/Americana Song
Best Country/Americana Album
Best R&B Artist
Best R&B Song
Best R&B Album
Best Rap/Hip-Hop Artist
Best Rap/Hip-Hop Song
Best Rap/Hip-Hop Album
Best Latin Artist
Best Latin Song
Best Latin Album
Best Dance/EDM Artist
Best Music Video
The top 20 vote-getters in each category will enter the predictions center to be voted on by the wider public to produce the official 5th Annual GDMA nominees.
Our eligibility period is the same as the Grammys: Sept. 16, 2023 – Aug. 30, 2024. I’ll make exceptions for some songs that were released prior to the eligibility period but only rose to prominence in this eligibility period (yes, “Lose Control” by Teddy Swims will be eligible).

I’ll be accepting pre-nominations votes until September 25, so you’ve got three weeks to get your picks in. You may vote for artists/songs/albums in multiple genres if you feel they straddle genres. But I will only include them in the predictions center in the category where they got the most votes.
The general field categories will come from the prediction center entries for the Grammys so as to be the most comprehensive categories.
Coincidence that I was already starting to make my list thinking it would be October, lol.
Just a couple of things:
1. still a chance to ask for additional categories, at least Best Dance Artist (pleaaaaase)?
2. Can Laufey, Tate McRae and Tyla be eligible for BNA even though they are no longer eligible for the Grammys?
It's me... Hi
EDM is too big of a category to ignore. I know Charli XCX is the only artist getting any attention around here, but there’s so much good electronic dance music that came out. The genre’s been a dominant force for 15 years. It needs to be treated fairly.
Look at the artists who released albums during the eligibility (and that’s not including Fred again & Calvin Harris’ albums of pre-released work)
Justice
Kaytranada
Rezz
Gesaffelstein
Peggy Gou
The Chainsmokers
Zedd
Dillon Francis
ISOKNOCK
Sofi Tukker
Nia Archives
Diplo
Porter Robinson
Galantis
Gryffin
Subtronics
Whipped Cream
Paul Oakenfold
Chase & Status
Riot Ten
Kygo
Marshmello
Jauz
Four Tet
These are just the ones I could think of. It’s an extremely vibrant genre. We need to have this conversation.
And that’s not including the song choices! Then the field really opens up, includes every big name like Tiesto, David Guetta, Fred again.., Skrillex, deadmau5, Swedish House Mafia, Calvin Harris, Skrillex, Fisher, Disclosure, Dom Dolla, Jamie xx, Caribou, Chris Lake, Rufus du Sol, as well as  talents like The Blessed Madonna, Sara Landry, Barry Can’t Swim, Matroda, Max Styler, Sonny Fodera, Meduza, Eli Brown, Charlotte De Witte, Blond:ish etc.
Let’s give it the chance it deserves
For your 2026 Grammy consideration
Best Dance/Electronic Album:
Anti Up - What Is Life
Zed’s Dead - Return to the Spectrum of Intergalactic Happiness 
Best Dance/Electronic Recording:
Anyma & Ellie Goulding - “Hypnotized”
Sub Focus featuring Katy B - “Push The Tempo”
Zeds Dead - “One of These Mornings”
Can Laufey, Tate McRae and Tyla be eligible for BNA even though they are no longer eligible for the Grammys?
Since they’ve never been nominated for Gold Derby Music Awards, I will consider them eligible for our Best New Artist award. (As a reminder, Sabrina Carpenter won it last year, so she won’t be a candidate for that award this year).
How bout it, Daniel? Can we? Pretty please?
Best Dance/Electronic Artist
Best Dance/Electronic Song
Best Dance/Electronic Album
For your 2026 Grammy consideration
Best Dance/Electronic Album:
Anti Up - What Is Life
Zed’s Dead - Return to the Spectrum of Intergalactic Happiness 
Best Dance/Electronic Recording:
Anyma & Ellie Goulding - “Hypnotized”
Sub Focus featuring Katy B - “Push The Tempo”
Zeds Dead - “One of These Mornings”
EDM is too big of a category to ignore … It’s an extremely vibrant genre. We need to have this conversation.
I don’t doubt that EDM is a vibrant genre worthy of awarding. The question is how many EDM fans there are here who would vote to populate a list of EDM contenders. I expanded the awards to Latin Album and Latin Song last year after much lobbying, and while the contenders lists for those ended up solid enough, I would have liked to see more participation in those races, so I don’t want to expand our awards too much too fast.
Let’s try EDM next year. For now, EDM music can be considered in other applicable categories.
Sweetie, users do NOT give a fuck about EDM.  No need to include it.
Sweetie, users do NOT give a fuck about EDM.  No need to include it.
Nobody gives a fuck about you and yet we include you in our conversations 
For your 2026 Grammy consideration
Best Dance/Electronic Album:
Anti Up - What Is Life
Zed’s Dead - Return to the Spectrum of Intergalactic Happiness 
Best Dance/Electronic Recording:
Anyma & Ellie Goulding - “Hypnotized”
Sub Focus featuring Katy B - “Push The Tempo”
Zeds Dead - “One of These Mornings”
 I don’t doubt that EDM is a vibrant genre worthy of awarding. The question is how many EDM fans there are here who would vote to populate a list of EDM contenders. I expanded the awards to Latin Album and Latin Song last year after much lobbying, and while the contenders lists for those ended up solid enough, I would have liked to see more participation in those races, so I don’t want to expand our awards too much too fast. Let’s try EDM next year. For now, EDM music can be considered in other applicable categories. 
Relegating Charli to Pop would be a death sentence, we know Taylor is going to win anyway.
There is interest in the genre, we have an active thread on the topic and Best Pop Dance Recording raises frequent discussions.
Can we at least have Best Dance Artist this year? (As it was done at the beginning with Latin) That’s all I’ll ask for.
It's me... Hi
 Can we at least have Best Dance Artist this year? (As it was done at the beginning with Latin) That’s all I’ll ask for. 
Take it this way, it would be a way to test the waters, to see how much interest there is. Let’s give it a try, please. That’s all I ask of you.
It's me... Hi
I’ll make exceptions for some songs that were released prior to the eligibility period but only rose to prominence in this eligibility period (yes, “Lose Control” by Teddy Swims will be eligible)
FYC
The Last Dinner Party – “Nothing Matters” (Best Rock/Alternative Song)
Muni Long – “Made For Me” (Best R&B Song)
Daniel, I’ve sent you my picks. Could you please confirm you received them since they’re not appearing in my DMs? If you prefer, just like this post. Thanks!
Do we have to submit in all the categories?
Do we have to submit in all the categories? 
Good question! No need to vote in every category. You can vote in as many or as few categories as you wish.
 Take it this way, it would be a way to test the waters, to see how much interest there is. Let’s give it a try, please. That’s all I ask of you. 
You guys have twisted my arm. Let’s give it a shot. I’ve added Best Dance/EDM Artist to the list. Same rules apply. If we get solid engagement with it, I’ll add Album and Song next year. If there isn’t enough engagement, I’ll hold off on Dance/EDM until next year.
If you’ve already submitted votes and want to participate, feel free to send me another message with Dance/EDM Artist.
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				1 hour ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				3 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media