By
Clayton Edwards
It’s a big night for artists from across all genres as some of the biggest stars in the world gather at the UBS Arena on Long Island in New York. With several stages and a stacked lineup, it’s also a night to remember for fans. Tonight, Teddy Swims took the Doritos Extended Play Stage to bring his genre-bending sound to the 2024 MTV VMAs.
Swims took over the side stage of the VMAs to deliver a performance of “Lose Control.” Unfortunately, fans didn’t get to hear the full song. The program cut to a commercial after less than a minute of the fan-favorite song. Luckily, it was enough to get fans pumped for the rest of the show and enchant new listeners. 
[RELATED: The Meaning Behind “Lose Control” by Teddy Swims and Why the Song is Intensely Personal]
Teddy Swims recently released “Funeral” as the lead single from the C24 Mixtape. The track initially hit streaming services in mid-July and a one-take music video dropped on the NME YouTube channel. In late August, Swims also released an acoustic version of the song across streaming platforms.
“’Funeral’ is fun, upbeat, and it’ll make people want to dance, but there’s a layer of sadness underneath that,” Swims said about the song. “I love being able to make music that has joy but is heartbreaking at the same time. We’re finally at the point where we’re honing a certain sound. It’s all about this old soul, Motown feel but modernizing that in a way that feels authentic,” he added. “Song like ‘Funeral’ just feels right.”
In the first moments of the “Funeral” music video, Swims talked about his songwriting process. “We lock ourselves into a house for four days and get some drinks going. Then, just stay in this kind of energy. We spend every meal together and it feels like we can really get to the bottom of our feelings and dish things out,” he explained. “So, everything I’ve been writing lately has been coming through that kind of situation,” he added.
Swims will ride the momentum of his 2024 MTV VMAs performance into this Friday (September 13) when he releases his long-awaited new single “Bad Dreams” across streaming platforms. Its accompanying music video will be available to stream on YouTube.
Featured Image by Hyde News and Pictures/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
3 Live Classic Rock Songs Where the Audience Takes Over the Singing
Before the Fame, Eddie Van Halen Experienced and Overcame a “Horrifying Racist Environment”
3 One-Hit Wonder Novelty Songs From the 50s and 60s That You Know by Heart

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand