By MELODY FLETCHER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:52, 11 November 2024   |  Updated:  10:09, 12 November 2024   
 69
View  comments
Usually known for its glitz and glamour, the star-studded 2024 MTV EMAs red carpet in Manchester saw some fashion blunders. 
On Sunday, A-listers flocked to the star-studded MTV Europe Music Awards annual ceremony at the Co-Op Live Arena, but a few head-scratching looks left fans divided.
Among other fashion flops was Northern Irish rapper and singer Jordan Adetunji opted for a jarring burnt orange and brown ensemble.
American singer-songwriter Teddy Swims opted for a peculiar red tartan suit which donned a mix match of different prints. 
Presenter Harriet Rose who wore a baffling sheer gown which she paired over a floral crop top and briefs. 
On Sunday, A-listers flocked to the star-studded MTV Europe Music Awards annual ceremony at the Co-Op Live Arena, but a few head-scratching looks left fans divided. Including Northern Irish rapper and singer Jordan Adetunji who opted for a jarring burnt orange and brown ensemble
The sheer gown, by designer Clara Pinto, featured long vertical black stripes, and Harriet Rose completed the look with chunky black heels.   
Meanwhile Irish singing duo John and Edward, know as Jedward, turned heads in dazzling silver suits which they paired with sparkling loafers.
Swedish singer, songwriter, Neneh Cherry, 60, who is Mable's mother, was among the stars who failed to impress, as she turned up to the red carpet in an extremely oversized pinstripe suit. 
Manchester City and England forward Chloe Kelly showed off her toned physique in tweed micro shorts and a matching crop top.
However the barely-there ensemble may have missed the mark for the glamorous event.
She paired her ensemble with knee-high suede boots and an oversized coat which she draped off her shoulders.  
Elsewhere Spanish footballer Leila Ouahabi donned an ill-fitting oversized satin suit which she paired with a long leather coat.  
Her quirky trousers appeared to feature a leather panel  along the waistband and she completed the look with open toe heels. 
Meanwhile Jordan Adetunji's quirky outfit featured a laced up jacket with a slew of strings and zips embellishing the busy look. 
American rapper Busta Rhymes, 52, opted for a cow inspired suit to pick up the prestigious global icon award. 
UK Eurovision entry Olly Alexander, who is known for his quirky fashion sense, wore an elaborate floral gilet.
He paired the flamboyant gilet with oversized black trousers which were tucked into chunky socks. 
American singer-songwriter Teddy Swims opted for a peculiar red tartan suit which donned a mix match of different prints
Meanwhile Irish singing duo John and Edward, know as Jedward, turned heads in dazzling silver suits which they paired with sparkling loafers
Among other fashion flops was presenter Harriet Rose who wore a baffling sheer gown which she paired over a floral crop top and briefs
Elsewhere Spanish footballer Leila Ouahabi donned an ill-fitting oversized satin suit which she paired with a long leather coat
Her quirky trousers appeared to feature a leather panel along the waistband and she completed the look with open toe heels 
Manchester City and England forward Chloe Kelly showed off her toned physique in tweed micro shorts and a matching crop top
However the barely-there ensemble may have missed the mark for the glamorous event
It comes after organisers were forced to cancel last year's event in Paris due to security fears amid the Israel and Hamas war.
Host Rita Ora paid a heartfelt tribute to Liam Payne at the event. She gave an emotional speech to honour the former One Direction singer, who died in October, aged 31.
Rita - who collaborated with Liam on the 2018 single For You - broke down in tears as she said: 'I just want to take a moment to remember someone very, very dear to us.
'We lost him recently and he was a big part of the MTV world and my world and I think a lot of yours at home and everybody in here tonight.
'Liam Payne was one of the kindest people that I knew. He had the biggest heart and was always the first person to offer help in any way that he could.
'He brought so much joy to every room he walked into and he left such a mark on the world.'
Breaking down she added: 'So let's just take a moment to remember our friend Liam...'
Rita previously admitted to being 'devastated' by Liam's passing.
The sheer gown, by designer Clara Pinto, featured long vertical black stripes, and Harriet Rose completed the look with chunky black heels
Meanwhile Jordan Adetunji's quirky outfit featured a laced up jacket with a slew of strings and zips embellishing the busy look
American rapper Busta Rhymes, 52, opted for a cow inspired suit to pick up the prestigious global icon award
Busta Rhymes paired the fur jacket and trousers with cow print trainers for the event in Manchester 
UK Eurovision entry Olly Alexander, who is known for his quirky fashion sense, wore an elaborate floral gilet
He paired the flamboyant gilet with oversized black trousers which were tucked into chunky socks
The singer took to social media in October to pay tribute to Liam, sweetly saying that he had 'the kindest soul'.
Rita wrote on X: 'I'm devastated [broken-heart emoji] He had the kindest soul, I will never forget.
'I loved working with him so much - he was just such a joy to be around on and off stage.
'This tragic news breaks my heart. Sending all my love and prayers to his family and loved ones. Our song For You takes on a whole new meaning for me now. R.I.P [dove emoji] (sic)'
Taylor Swift dominated the winner's board at the event. The Blank Space hitmaker, 34, was not in attendance at the star-studded ceremony but managed to win four awards nonetheless.
Taylor - who is about to begin the final leg of her record-breaking Eras Tour in Canada - won in the Best Artist category and Best Live Artist category.
Rita's filmmaker husband Taika, 49, wore a black suit and crisp white shirt as he held her hand 
Rita later changed into a second racy outfit 
The Best Video award also went to Taylor ft. Post Malone for their hit Fortnight form her latest album The Tortured Poets Department, while Best US Act also went to the American star.
Taylor missed the awards held in the UK as she was attending her boyfriend Travis Kelce's football game where his team the Kansas City Chiefs played against the Denver Broncos at Arrowhead Stadium.
Accepting her awards via video-link, she said: 'Hey guys, it's Taylor. I am coming to you from the Eras Tour. I'm so sad that I can't be with you tonight but thank you so much for these amazing awards.
'The fact that you have honoured the tour, everything that has happened with the album this year, the video, it's just unbelievable. I have to say thank you so much to Post Malone for being the most amazing co-star possible in the Fortnight music video.
'Thank you to the fans for voting on this. You're the reason any great thing happens to me and I know it every single day. I'm so thankful for it and this is just so exciting and so wonderful. I had the best time touring in Europe this summer so it is just wonderful for you to do this.'
Elsewhere, Tyla, who also performed at the event, won three awards on the night for Best RnB, Best Afrobeats and Best African Act.
Rita paid a heartfelt tribute to Liam Payne at the MTV Europe Music Awards on Sunday night
Rita - who collaborated with Liam on the 2018 single 'For You' - broke down in tears as she said: 'I just want to take a moment to remember someone very, very dear to us' (seen in 2018 together)
The 22-year-old star released her self-titled debut album earlier this year and she added to her recent list of successes with two more awards in Manchester.
Other big-name winners included Ariana Grande, who claimed the Best Pop gong, and Eminem, who won the award for Best Hip-Hop.
Meanwhile, Liam Gallagher - who was born and raised in Manchester - was awarded the Best Rock accolade.
Elsewhere The Best Song award went to Sabrina Carpenter for her smash hit Espresso from her Short n' Sweet album.
Best UK act was won by Raye and the Best Pop award went to Ariana Grande who wasn't there at the ceremony.
Best Hip-Hop award went to Eminem, while the Best Electronic gong went to Calvin Harris.
Jimin won in the Best K-Pop category, with Peso Pluma victorious in the Best Latin group category and Liam Gallagher winning Best Rock Act.
Later on the Best Alternative award went to American pop rock band Imagine Dragons.
The Best Collaboration award went to LISA feat. Rosalía for their hit NEW WOMAN.
Sabrina Carpenter thanked her fans for "all the love" they've shown her after she won Best Song at the event.
The 25-year-old pop star received the award for her chart-topping single 'Espresso' - which featured on her 'Short n' Sweet' album - and Sabrina thanked her fans for their support, admitting she's "so glad" that the song has become so popular.
Sabrina - who is currently on her Short n' Sweet Tour - said in a video message: 'Hi, EMAs. It's Sabrina and I just found out that I won Best Song this year at the EMAs and this is my first time winning one!
'So thank you so much for voting for 'Espresso'. I'm so happy that you guys liked the song. I hope you guys are having the best night - I wish I was there!'
Although Sabrina couldn't attend the EMAs she can't wait to reunite with her European fans in the coming months.
She said: 'I'm on the Short n' Sweet Tour right now and about to go on stage, so ... I'll be thinking about you and I can't wait to see you soon. Thanks for all the love!'
BEST SONG
Ariana Grande – we can't be friends (wait for your love)
Benson Boone – Beautiful Things
Beyoncé – TEXAS HOLD 'EM
Billie Eilish – BIRDS OF A FEATHER
Chappell Roan – Good Luck, Babe!
Sabrina Carpenter – Espresso - WINNER
BEST VIDEO
Ariana Grande – we can't be friends (wait for your love)
Charli xcx - 360
Eminem - Houdini
Kendrick Lamar – Not Like Us
LISA ft. Rosalía – NEW WOMAN
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone - Fortnight - WINNER
BEST ARTIST
Beyoncé
Billie Eilish
Post Malone
RAYE
Sabrina Carpenter
Taylor Swift - WINNER 
BEST COLLABORATION
Charli xcx & Billie Eilish – Guess featuring Billie Eilish
Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar – Like That
Lady Gaga, Bruno Mars – Die With A Smile
LISA ft. Rosalía – NEW WOMAN
Peso Pluma, Anitta - BELLAKEO
Taylor Swift ft. Post Malone – Fortnight - WINNER 
BEST NEW
Ayra Starr
Benson Boone - WINNER 
Chappell Roan
LE SSERAFIM
Teddy Swims
The Last Dinner Party
Tyla
BEST POP
Ariana Grande - WINNER 
Billie Eilish
Camila Cabello
Charli xcx
Dua Lipa
Sabrina Carpenter
Taylor Swift
BEST AFROBEATS
Asake
Ayra Starr
Burna Boy
Rema
Tems
Tyla - WINNER 
BEST ROCK
Bon Jovi
Coldplay
Green Day
Kings of Leon
Lenny Kravitz
Liam Gallagher - WINNER 
The Killers
BEST LATIN
Anitta
Bad Bunny
KAROL G
Peso Pluma - WINNER 
Rauw Alejandro
Shakira
BEST K-POP
Jimin - WINNER 
Jung Kook
LE SSERAFIM
LISA
NewJeans
Stray Kids
BEST ALTERNATIVE
Fontaines D.C.
Hozier
Imagine Dragons - WINNER
Lana Del Rey
Twenty One Pilots
YUNGBLUD
BEST ELECTRONIC
Calvin Harris - WINNER 
David Guetta
Disclosure
DJ Snake
Fred Again..
Swedish House Mafia
BEST HIP-HOP
Central Cee
Eminem - WINNER 
Kendrick Lamar
Megan Thee Stallion
Nicki Minaj
Travis Scott
BEST R&B
Travis Scott
Kehlani
SZA
Tinashe
Tyla - WINNER 
USHER
Victoria Monét
BEST LIVE
Adele
Coldplay
Doja Cat
RAYE
Taylor Swift - WINNER 
Travis Scott
BEST PUSH
Ayra Starr
Chappell Roan
Coco Jones
Flyana Boss
Jessie Murph
Laufey
LE SSERAFIM - WINNER 
Mark Ambor
Shaboozey
Teddy Swims
The Warning
Victoria Monét
BIGGEST FANS
Anitta
Ariana Grande
Beyoncé
Billie Eilish
Chappell Roan
Charli xcx
Katy Perry
LISA - WINNER 
Nicki Minaj
Sabrina Carpenter
Shawn Mendes
Taylor Swift
MTV EMA 2024 BEST REGIONAL ACT NOMINEES
BEST UK & IRELAND ACT
Central Cee
Charli xcx
Chase & Status
Dua Lipa
Hozier
RAYE - WINNER 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group