By CAMPBELL GREAVES FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  22:36, 10 July 2024   |  Updated:  23:41, 10 July 2024   
 1
View  comments
US singer Teddy Swims is currently thrilling Aussies with his blockbuster I've Tried Everything But Therapy tour.
But the pop star, 31, this week delivered a far more intimate treat for fans in Brisbane, wowing locals with an impromptu live public performance.
While taking a stroll through Brisbane's Queen Street Mall, Swims encountered a busker performing his hit single Lose Control.
Melbourne-born artist Inoxia, was visibly shocked when she realised who had stopped to listen.
'Get out of town,' she exclaimed, before inviting the superstar to join her in a duet of his own song. 
The impromptu duo performed Swims' popular single before transitioning into a rendition of Rihanna's Stay.
The unexpected collaboration was quickly shared on social media, with fans expressing their excitement and envy. 
'Omg!! There he goes again!! Teddy Swims bringing his talent to the sidewalks of the world,' one fan gushed.
US singer Teddy Swims, 31, (pictured) is currently performing his I've Tried Everything But Therapy tour across Australia and the pop star delivered an unexpected treat for fans in Brisbane, wowing locals with an impromptu live performance
@INOXIA @Teddy Swims #streetbuskingbrisbane #teddyswims 
'She totally manifested the Teddy!!!' another enthused.
'What a wonderful human, well done Teddy Swims,' gushed a third, while another admirer confessed, 'I would simply pass out.'
The US singer brought his Brisbane show to a halt on Tuesday night after members of the crowd violated his strict concert rules. 
'Back home in Georgia, we call this simple rule Staying With It, so you got to check on your friends,' Teddy began. 
While taking a stroll through Brisbane’s Queen Street Mall, Swims encountered a busker performing his hit single Lose Control
'I want to set this rule now so that we're all safe, we're happy. Safety is the best thing we can do for each other.'
However, several members of the crowd disregarded his warning and began brawling as he performed his heartfelt ballad Something I'll Never Know.
This prompted Teddy to abruptly pause his performance and publicly call out the rulebreakers.
'Fighting on this song? That's crazy. Like every other song I'd say maybe, but this song? That's wild. What happened to staying with it?' a furious Teddy asked.
Melbourne-born artist Inoxia, was visibly shocked when she realised who had stopped to listen before the impromptu duo performed Swims' popular single before transitioning into a rendition of Rihanna’s Stay
The brawlers were quickly escorted away by security and the hitmaker was then able to resume his concert. 
'Let's get back to the place where we all loved each other. I'm starting it over from the top,' Teddy said, before restarting the song.
Fortunately, the rest of the concert went smoothly and Teddy had the crowd screaming for more as he belted out his best known hits.
Teddy Swims - born Jaten Dimsdale - is a US pop star who had a top five hit in Australia last year with his R&B song Lose Control.
He will next perform at Hordern Pavillion in Sydney on Thursday and Friday before taking the stage at Melbourne's Margaret Court Arena on Saturday and Sunday.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group