Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 13)
I think Billie will win her first Pop Solo Performance Grammy for “Birds of a Feather.”
I am absolutely dumbfounded that people are not predicting “Million Dollar Baby” as a ROTY nominee. That song is so happening there.
I feel ROTY & SOTY are too stacked to predict a song with no clear source of support.
Time heals everything…don’t end it…wait it out.
I feel like “Beautiful Things” will likely be a SOTY nominee but not necessarily a ROTY nominee; there’s really nothing really special about the song’s production or performance. I’m also still not buying all this love for Ariana Grande this era. I can even see a situation where Chappell Roan is only nominated for SOTY but left out of ROTY (or vice versa). “Good Luck, Babe!” hasn’t reached the heights of other contenders (yet). I feel like the only locks in the general field for the track categories are “Espresso” (for ROTY), “Not Like Us,” “Die With a Smile,” “Birds of a Feather” and “A Bar Song (Tipsy).”
Million Dollar Baby is not happening in ROTY bfr
I wouldn’t underestimate a song that has basically been a viral hit all year long and went top 5 on multiple formats. I think some of you are too hard on predicting all of these female pop artists with double nominations.  I think the only thing that really hurts “Million Dollar Baby” is the placement on the entry list.
A Bar Song is getting that ROTY nom before Million Dollar Baby. Beautiful Things probably too.
A Bar Song is getting that ROTY nom before Million Dollar Baby. Beautiful Things probably too.
“A Bar Song (Tipsy)” is UNDENIABLY getting a ROTY nomination. Not sure how that negates a possible “Million Dollar Baby” nomination.
And we’ll see about “Beautiful Things.” Seems like the typical song that voters skip over in ROTY but vote for in SOTY.
ALBUM 
• Beyoncé – Cowboy Carter
• Sabrina Carpenter – Short N Sweet
• Charli xcx – Brat
• Billie Eilish – Hit Me Hard and Soft
• The Rolling Stones – Hackney Diamonds
• Taylor Swift – The Tortured Poets Dept
• Vampire Weekend – Only God Was Above Us
• Usher – Coming Home 
RECORD:
• The Beatles – Now and Then
• Beyoncé – Texas Hold Em
• Sabrina Carpenter – Espresso
• Billie Eilish – Birds of a Feather
• Hozier – Too Sweet
• Lady Gaga & Bruno Mars – Die With A Smile
• Kendrick Lamar – Not Like Us
• Shaboozey – A Bar Song (Tipsy)
SONG:
• “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” – Shaboozey
• “Agora Hills” – Doja Cat
• “Beautiful Things” – Benson Boone
• “Birds of a Feather” – Billie Eilish
• “Die With A Smile” – Lady Gaga & Bruno Mars
• “Good Luck, Babe!” – Chappell Roan
• “Not Like Us” – Kendrick Lamar
• “Please Please Please” – Sabrina Carpenter
Best New Artist:
• Benson Boone
• Sabrina Carpenter
• Central Cee
• Megan Moroney
• Chappell Roan
• Raye
• Shaboozey
• Teddy Swims
Current predictions:
Record of the Year
The Beatles – Now and Then
Beyoncé – Texas Hold ‘Em
Benson Boone – Beautiful Things
Sabrina Carpenter – Espresso
Billie Eilish – Birds of a Feather
Lady Gaga & Bruno Mars – Die With a Smile
Kendrick Lamar – Not Like Us
Chappell Roan – Good Luck, Babe!
Album of the Year
Beyoncé – Cowboy Carter
Black Pumas – Chronicles of a Diamond
Sabrina Carpenter – Short n’ Sweet
Charli xcx – Brat
Jacob Collier – Djesse Vol. 4
Billie Eilish – Hit Me Hard and Soft
Chappell Roan – The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess
Taylor Swift – The Tortured Poets Department
Song of the Year
Beautiful Things – Benson Boone
Birds of a Feather – Billie Eilish
Die With a Smile – Lady Gaga & Bruno Mars
Good Luck, Babe! – Chappell Roan
Not Like Us – Kendrick Lamar
Please Please Please – Sabrina Carpenter
Texas Hold ‘Em – Beyoncé
Too Sweet – Hozier
Best New Artist
Beabadoobee
Benson Boone
Sabrina Carpenter
Sierra Ferrell
The Red Clay Strays
Chappell Roan
Shaboozey
Teddy Swims
Interesting that Muni Long submitted Made For Me (Live) for ROTY. I’m not gonna predict it, but I think it’s possible she ends up being the r&b nominee there
I wouldn’t underestimate a song that has basically been a viral hit all year long and went top 5 on multiple formats.
I mean, that applies to a lot of things this year – “Too Sweet,” “Bar Song,” “Saturn,” “Agora Hills,” etc. It’s a pretty crowded year. Not everything can make it.
And I have doubts that “Million Dollar Baby” can cut through when “First Class” by Jack Harlow, a much bigger star, was iced out not that long ago.
I’m also still not buying all this love for Ariana Grande this era.
Neither am I.
Post submissions predictions
Record of the Year
The Beatles – Now and Then
Beyoncé – Texas Hold ‘Em
Benson Boone – Beautiful Things
Sabrina Carpenter – Espresso
Billie Eilish – Birds of a Feather
Lady Gaga with Bruno Mars – Die With A Smile
Kendrick Lamar – Not Like Us
Chappell Roan – Good Luck, Babe!
(Charli xcx – 360)
Album of the Year
Beyoncé – Cowboy Carter
Black Pumas – Chronicles of a Diamond
Sabrina Carpenter – Short n’ Sweet
Charli xcx – BRAT
Billie Eilish – Hit Me Hard and Soft
Ariana Grande – Eternal Sunshine
Chappell Roan – The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess
Taylor Swift – The Tortured Poets Department
(Jacob Collier – Djesse Vol 4)
Song of the Year
“Agora Hills” (Doja Cat)
“A Bar Song (Tipsy)” (Shaboozey)
“Birds of a Feather” (Billie Eilish)
“Die With A Smile” (Lady Gaga with Bruno Mars)
“Good Luck, Babe!” (Chappell Roan)
“Not Like Us” (Kendrick Lamar)
“Please Please Please” (Sabrina Carpenter)
“Texas Hold ‘Em” (Beyoncé)
(“Beautiful Things (Benson Boone))
Best New Artist
Beabadoobee
Benson Boone
Sabrina Carpenter
Sierra Ferrell
RAYE
Chappell Roan
Shaboozey
Teddy Swims
(Infinity Song)
so far i think BOAF have an advantage in SOTY and ROTY due to DWAS lack of radio…
Get real!  “We Can’t Be Friends” will NOT pull an upset in Best Pop Solo Performance.  Pure delusion.  No fucking way Ariana Grande wins over Sabrina Crapenter, Billie Eilish, and Chappell Roan.
so far i think BOAF have an advantage in SOTY and ROTY due to DWAS lack of radio…

DWAS’s radio run is funny because Bruno’s singles often debut with like 50m+ radio audience first week, including LTDO. 
I guess Interscope is just bad at radio. It took BOAF & Not Like Us forever to grow. Even the vinyl release has been pushed to 25th Oct. 
Nonetheless, I feel that Gaga/Bruno combined + Billie’s immediate past win offsets whatever effects the weak promo + late release has.
Time heals everything…don’t end it…wait it out.
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 13)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				45 mins ago			

				4 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				25 mins ago			

				40 mins ago			

				30 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media