Teddy Swims is coming to El Paso, TX and that's great but let me tell you the real Teddy Swims news. I believe Teddy Swims and Post Malone are the same person, and before you call me crazy, just look at the evidence.
Okay, so my evidence is basically nothing. I'm putting this together as I go because if I'm being honest, I had never seen Teddy Swims in person before. Id only ever heard his songs on the radio. After I heard he was coming to town, I looked him up to see what he looked like and I was shocked!! Normally, I probably wouldn't think that Teddy and Posty look alike, aside from the tattoos of course.
Here's the thing though, I just happened to watch the new Roadhouse movie with Jake Gyllenhaal on Amazon Prime recently and I saw something really interesting. No spoilers because what I saw was literally right at the beginning of the movie.
The opening scene of the new Roadhouse movie is none other than our good pal Post Malone fighting in an underground bare knuckle boxing ring. And I know its CGI but Posty beats the STUFF out of the guy he's fighting!!
I believe they used CGI to beef up Post a little bit too because he looks a bit thicker than he usually does. On top of that, Post Malone is bald and has a thick beard in the scene as well.
Teddy Swims just happens to be bald, thick, and has tattoos all over his body. So you can imagine my surprise when I saw a picture of Teddy for the first time and he looked almost exactly like Post Malone in Roadhouse.
This got me thinking...maybe Post Malone is actually Teddy Swims!! There have been so many rumors like this with celebrities before, where people in the world believe that some performer has such a striking image to another, they believe one performer is actually another in disguise.
Well Iris mentioned many times that Posty has been working on a country album. Maybe Post Malone wanted an opportunity to try out a new sound and see how people liked it before implementing it into his repertoire and pushing away fans?
Or maybe Post Malone has gone insane and he just likes pretending to be someone else? Who really knows. Not me!
I know what you're thinking though. "Grizz, how can they be the same person if Teddy Swims is bigger than Post Malone? How do you explain that they have different tattoos and different noses and different blah blah blah!?"
Well my answer? Hollywood. Hollywood has prosthetic make-up to make faces and bodies look different, Hollywood has regular make-up to hide tattoos or add them, and Hollywood even has special shoes to make someone look taller.
Try and explain that, skeptics.
Gallery Credit: Erica Russell