The track also holds at its No. 2 high on the Hot 100.

													By
												

	Gary Trust


Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” lifts to No. 1 on Billboard’s Adult Pop Airplay chart (dated March 23).

	The song marks the Atlanta native’s first leader on a Billboard radio ranking. It rose to No. 2 on Adult Alternative Airplay in January and ascends to a new No. 6 best on Pop Airplay.

	The single concurrently keeps at its No. 2 high on the Billboard Hot 100. It drew 54.4 million in all-format radio audience, up 9%, March 8-14, according to Luminate, and reaches the top five (6-5) on the Radio Songs chart. It also tallied 23.7 million official streams and sold 12,000 downloads in the U.S. in the tracking week.

	Teddy Swims has charted three songs on Adult Pop Airplay, starting with his featured turn on Meghan Trainor’s “Bad for Me,” which hit No. 15 in September 2022. Meanwhile, “The Door” pushes 40-36 in its second week on the survey.

	“I’m super grateful that person [broke my heart],” Teddy Swims recently told Billboard of the origin of “Lose Control.” “I think it’s so great to know that that pain is necessary because … pain is paying the bills still. I’m trying to stop putting myself in positions to get hurt, because you’ll always have to do that, but they say the best revenge is success.”

	Both “Lose Control” and “The Door” are from Teddy Swims’ debut full-length, I’ve Tried Everything but Therapy (Part I), released on SWIMS Int./Warner Records. The set hit a No. 25 high on the March 16-dated Billboard 200 chart.

	Of the LP’s title, he mused that therapy might “change the fabric of my being. It’s just, like, my little tics and my little anxiety that I have, my own ways – which is not a right way to go about it. But … I’m comfortable in my existence.”
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.