"He's so gifted. So it's like, come on B, not the flute."

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

LL COOL J shared his honest opinion on the trajectory of Andre 3000‘s most recent career move as a musician. Speaking with hosts Maverick Carter and Paul Rivera on Uninterrupted’s The Shop, the veteran rapper discussed 3 Stack’s latest effort New Blue Sun, a woodwind album issued last year. 

	The lively conversation was sparked by Lena Waithe, another guest on the episode, who introduced the subject of art, and being inspired by various things per Billboard. The filmmaker used LL COOL J’s acting ventures as well as the Andre 3000 album as examples. The Queens rhymer responded with his own take on the matter.

	










	“I need him to spit, though,” explained LL after Waithe relayed her appreciation of the flute album. “I need him to spit. Flutes? Man, come on, bro.”

	He continued, “He’s amazing, all right? His bars is all the way up. I’m very clear. Not the flute, B. Not the flute. Don’t do the flute.” 

	Waithe continued to express her adoration of the Georgia rapper’s pivot, however, LL COOL J and others agreed that the skilled musician should return to his Hip-Hop style.

	“I want him to get with Big Boi. I want them to make an Outkast [album]. Or do a solo album,” the “Loungin'” performer detailed. “Every time he does f**king one verse, it’s enough material for one album. He’s so gifted. So it’s like, come on, B, not the flute. We not gonna lie. … Don’t gas … that man needs to know the truth. He needs to know the truth.”
A post shared by The Shop (@theshopun)

	Elsewhere in the conversation, the 56-year-old offered a critique of his own work. 

	“I make bad albums, but I also have some smack, some crazy sh*t, too,” LL COOL J admitted. “But I made bad sh*t, or sh*t that people didn’t respond to because that was where I was at.”

	He continued, “I’m a little bit of a weirdo, B. Sometimes I make records in a vacuum just because it’s for me and then sometimes I make albums for the culture. I’m very different in that regard, so you can’t really gauge my albums like that ’cause I don’t make all my records for the culture.”
A post shared by The Shop (@theshopun)

	The full episode of The Shop also features singer Teddy Swims, comedian Mo Gilligan, and San Francisco 49ers’ Trent Williams. 

	










	Topics explored include Waithe’s success with The Chi, LL’s pending Q-Tip-produced album, Teddy Swims’ evolution from viral cover artist to chart-topping star, Trent Williams’ cancer diagnosis, and Mo’s stories from his stand-up appearances and coming up in South London.

	Check it out below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.