Cloudy skies with periods of rain this afternoon. High 63F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near a quarter of an inch..
                                
Rain likely. Low 52F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall near a half an inch.
 Updated: May 4, 2025 @ 7:50 am
Teddy Swims, who made Billboard’s Hot 100 with the hit single “Lose Control,” will play the Hampton Beach Casino Ballroom on Wednesday, Aug. 7. Look for him in a guest-star performance on Sunday on “American Idol. 
Forget last week’s wind and snow.
It’s officially beach weather when the Hampton Beach Casino Ballroom’s box office is swamped by would-be ticket buyers.
Among the biggest draws this year is Teddy Swims, a tattooed and scruffy-bearded singer with a gut-wrenching vulnerability. The breakout star, who named his worldwide journey the “I’ve Tried Everything But Therapy Tour,” rode a viral wave of heartbreak into the mainstream market with the single “Lose Me.”
Swims, who made Billboard’s Hot 100, will play the Hampton Beach Casino Ballroom on Wednesday, Aug. 7. Look for him in a guest-star performance this Sunday on “American Idol.”
“Teddy was a fast sellout, as was the first Pete Davidson show on his Prehab Tour, Bonnie Raitt, Aaron Lewis and The Driver Era,” said Andrew Herrick, marketing director of the ballroom.
Davidson, who cracked jokes on “Saturday Night Live” for eight years and returned in 2023 to guest host the show, will do a second standup set on Saturday, June 22, at the ballroom.
Herrick said tickets still are available for that show.
So far, about 40 acts, some doing back-to-back shows, have joined the lineup. It’s a mix of concerts and comedians — and one psychic medium (Theresa Caputo of “Long Island Medium” fame.)
“We add shows all summer long. We go until November so we add shows even as late as the end of September. There are plenty more to come,” Herrick said.
Warm up this weekend with a pair of feel-good concerts by music fans now drawing their own crowds.
First up is The Classic Rock Show at 8 p.m. Friday. Expect a roster of covers of signature songs by Queen, Led Zeppelin, The Eagles, Rainbow, Lynyrd Skynyrd, The Who, AC/DC, Boston, Pink Floyd, Meat Loaf, Eric Clapton, Van Halen, Aerosmith, Fleetwood Mac and Toto.
On Saturday, the ever-touring band Get the Led Out — a celebration of the “Mighty Zep” — plays at 8 p.m.
Other notable shows on the 2024 roster include comedian Kathleen Madigan on her Potluck Party Tour, Saturday, Aug. 24; guitar great Joe Bonamassa on his Blues Deluxe Tour, both Friday, Aug. 30, and Saturday, Aug. 31; Academy of Country Music Award winner Dustin Lynch, Saturday, Aug. 17; Charley Crocket on the $10 Cowboy Tour, Wednesday, June 5; Priscilla Block on Sunday, July 7; and Kenny Wayne Shepherd Band with Jimmie Vaughan on the Dirt on My Diamonds Tour, Aug. 8.
Meantime, here’s a peek at what’s on stage this week in the Granite State.
Daniel SlossLACONIA — You can see Scottish comedian Daniel Sloss in a new show, “Can’t,” at 8 p.m. today at the Colonial Theatre, 609 Main St.
Not afraid to tackle cringy topics and behavior, the author of the 2021 book “Everyone You Hate is Going to Die,” is featured in the comedy specials “Dark” and “Jigsaw,” both released via Netflix, and “Daniel Sloss: X” via HBO.
Info: coloniallaconia.com.
Josh TurnerNASHUA — Josh Turner, whose inspirational songs “Long Black Train,” “Why Don’t We Just Dance” and “Your Man,” takes the stage at 8 p.m. Friday at the Nashua Center for the Arts, 201 Main St.
Turner won a Gospel Music Association Dove Award for the 2019 single “I Saw the Light.”
Info: nashuacenterforthearts.com.
Bob MarleyMANCHESTER — Wicked funny Maine-ah Bob Marley heads back to The Palace Theatre, 80 Hanover St., for a string of shows this weekend.
“Uncle Bobby” will go under the spotlights at 7:30 p.m. today, Friday and Sunday, and 8 p.m. Saturday.
Info: palacetheatre.org.
Disco feverROCHESTER — Tug on those bell-bottom pants, platform dancing shoes and a whole lot of polyester.
Disco party band Motor Booty Affair brings back the 1970s at the Rochester Opera House, 31 Wakefield St., at 8 p.m. Saturday.
According to the ensemble’s website, the ensemble includes “4 funkateers straight from the planet Funktar.”
The playlist includes hits from The Bee Gees, Earth Wind & Fire, The Sunshine Band, The Commodores, Barry White and Abba.
Info: rochesteropera house.com.
Buddy GuyCONCORD — Blues great Buddy Guy, a Chicago guitarist who has won eight Grammy Awards and is an inductee into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame, brings his soulful sound to the Capitol Center for the Arts, 44 S. Main St., at 7:30 p.m. Friday.
Guy announced in October he would take a break from his traveling schedule, but is back on the road.
Info: ccah.com.
Golden Girls“Golden Girls: The Laughs Continue” is a take on a band of Miami seniors who certainly aren’t going into their golden years quietly.
Expect a send-up of the spirited TV sitcom that played for seven seasons with actresses Bea Arthur, Rue McLanahan, Betty White and Estelle Getty.
In this one-upping stage rendition, written by Robert Leleux and directed by Eric Swanson, Sophia is out on bail after running a drug ring for retirees; Blanche and Rose are running a sex app geared toward seniors; and Dorothy gets some support from a much younger lover.
Shows are scheduled for 7:30 p.m. today at the Capitol Center for the Arts, 44 S. Main St., Concord, and 2 and 8 p.m. Sunday, April 21, at the Nashua Center for the Arts.
Info: ccanh.com and nashuacenterforthearts.com.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.