By 

	Chris Willman

Senior Music Writer and Chief Music Critic

Record Store Day‘s lineup of releases for its annual adjunct Black Friday event has been announced, with more than 150 titles announced — most of them limited-edition vinyl exclusives — from artists including Noah Kahan, U2, Olivia Rodrigo, Billie Eilish, Kacey Musgaves, the Beatles and Pearl Jam.

	Other releases on the lineup include vinyl from an array of acts ranging from Anitta to Joni Mitchell… Teddy Swims to Jimi Hendrix… Rage Against the Machine to the Bill Evans Trio… and Ghostface Killah to Tegan and Sara.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					Lav Diaz’s 'Magellan,' Starring Gael Garcia Bernal, Boarded by Luxbox Ahead of Cannes Premiere (EXCLUSIVE)		
			








	The big day is, of course, Nov. 29, the day after Thanksgiving. While Black Friday lineups have largely gone away as big-box retailers have transitioned to putting their sales online, RSF-BF remains one remaining chance to line up on a chilly late-November morning … but the conversations in these lines are much better than they used to be at Target and Best Buy.




			Popular on Variety		






	The full list of titles can be found on the RSD website.

	Noah Kahan, Billie Eilish and Olivia Rodrigo have already had hugely sought after titles in other Record Store Day events in the last couple years. That will continue this time as Kahan releases an LP collection of the all-star duets that were released as digital add-ons to his breakout album. Rodrigo is releasing a variant on “Guts Spilled,” a two-LP set that combines her “Guts” album with bonus tracks. Eilish will give fans the first physical edition of a vocals-only version of her latest album, previously only available for download on her website in a brief window.

	And, as announced earlier, U2 will be putting out “How to Re-Assemble an Atomic Bomb,” a companion album to “How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb” consisting of bonus and unreleased tracks from those sessions, which will only be available as a singular, stand-alone release via this limited RSD edition (although it will also be included in a forthcoming “Atomic Bomb” boxed set).

	Classic rock releases from artists dating back to the ’60s and ’70s are coming on Black Friday from the likes of the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, Joni Mitchell, Van Halen, the Doors, Santana, the Byrds/Buffalo Springfield (a combined live collection), the Allman Brothers Band, the Grateful Dead, Jerry Garcia, T. Rex, Cat Stevens, Leon Russell, Jimi Hendrix, Big Brother & the Holding Company, the Ramones, Todd Rundgren’s Utopia, Yes, War and Dickey Betts, among others.

	










	The more modern side of rock will be represented by the aforementioned U2 title plus Pearl Jam, Jungle, Rage Against the Machine, Modest Mouse, the Warning, Jane’s Addiction, Engine Kid, Grouplove, Motley Crue, Gaslight Anthem, Garbage, Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross, Lamb of God, Morphine, Stone Temple Pilots, the Veronicas, Helmet and more.

	Hip-hop releases include titles from Ghostface Killah, Cypress Hill, Snoop Dogg, Too $hort, Raekwon, MF Doom, Bobby Shmurda, Keith Murray and Souls of Mischief.

	Jazz, as always, will be well-represented, with names including perennial RSD favorite the Bill Evans Trio plus Cecil Taylor, Julian Lage, Sun Ra, Max Roach, Herbie Hancock and others.

	As usual, it’s fairly mindboggling for an omnivorous music fan to immediately take in all of the 150-plus offerings listed by Record Store Day on Wednesday morning (although it’s easy in comparison to absorbing the far more staggering lineup that is unveiled for RSD’s bigger, mothership event each April, when the number of releases reaches the 350-title realm). Here are 20 that stand out, on initial glance, with details about formats, contents and quantities.

Noah Kahan: “Town Hall (Stick Season Collaborations)”(15,000 copies on “tiger eye brown” vinyl)This LP contains all eight tracks that were released as duet-enhanced digital bonuses to his smash album “Stick Season (We’ll All Be Here Forever)”: “Dial Drunk” with Post Malone, “Call Your Mom” with Lizzy McAlpine, “She Calls Me Back” with Kacey Musgraves, “Northern Attitude” with Hozier, “Everywhere, Everything” with Gracie Abrams, “Homesick” with Sam Fender, “You’re Gonna Go Far” with Brandi Carlile, and “Paul Revere” with Gregory Alan Isakov.

U2: “How to Re-Assemble an Atomic Bomb”(20,000 copies on black-and-red marble vinyl)U2 already broke the news earlier of this “shadow album,” a collection of 10 songs taken from the original recording sessions for the 20-year-old “How To Dismantle an Atomic Bomb,” some previously released and some newly found in the vault, all of course being released for the first time as a standalone album. This stand-alone LP will only be available for RSD, but you can also find it as part of a nine-LP set coming out on Nov. 22.

Billie Eilish: “Hit Me Hard And Soft (Isolated Vocals)”(25,000 copies)Hope you like — really, really like — Eilish’s voice… but who doesn’t?… as this alternate version of her latest album includes nothing but. Hardcore fans may already own this as a digital download that was briefly sold exclusively on her D2C store, but this is the first and only physical edition, exclusively for RSD Black Friday. You’ll be able to distinguish it from the original album release in your collection with its inverted version of the album cover.

	










Olivia Rodrigo: “Guts Spilled”(30,000 copies, on red-and-purple marble vinyl)This two-LP set already came out in a different vinyl color and packaging via her webstore, but this will be the first chance for most fans to pick it up. It combines the original “Guts” album with the bonus tracks that originally only appeared secretly on different variants. The RSD version will be in a gatefold jacket with a purple sleeve, pressed on red and purple vinyl. A subsequent edition is expected to be released to retail next year, but with different packaging.

Kacey Musgraves: “Deeper Into the Well”(5000 copies, on green vinyl)This RSD exclusive vinyl pressing includes the seven bonus tracks that were released in August on a deluxe digital edition of her “Deeper Well” album — plus, tantalizingly, a “20-minute woodland sound experience.” These songs are not otherwise available in a physical format. The packaging includes  “green eco-vinyl and clear slip-sleeve packaging made of recycled materials.” The fresh song titles:Ruthless, Little Sister, Flower Child, Superbloom, Perfection, Arm’s Length and Irish Goodbye.

Pearl Jam: RSD Song Of The Year “Waiting RSD Song Of The Year – For Stevie (Live)” b/w “Wreckage (Live)”(12,000 copies, on black vinyl)Pearl Jam, bless their hearts, are patron saints of RSD who don’t let a single semi-annual event go by without an exclusive release. This 12-inch includes a fold-out poster to augment two 2024 live tracks previously unavailable in any physical format.

The Beatles: “I Wanna Hold Your Hand” b/w “I Saw Her Standing There”(10,000 copies in U.S.)The 60th anniversary of the British Invasion is not going uncommemorated. This is a reissue of a single rush-released in the U.S. in January 1964 that went No. 1 the following month. It’s “cut from the original U.S. version of the master tapes by Kevin Reeves in Nashville, using all-analog cutting process and on the 1970 lathe that was in Capitol and has been used on many classic album cuts over the years.” These are the same masters being used for the upcoming boxed set of 1964 U.S. Beatles LPs.

The Beatles: The Beatles limited 3″ carrying case with 3″ “All My Loving” single(2,500 copies in U.S.)Obviously aimed at the hardcore Beatles collector, this limited-edition 3-inch pressing comes with a limited-edition poster, 3-inch record, and a carrying case for all your other 3-inch records (you have amassed quite a collection of those, right?).

	










Joni Mitchell: “Hejira Demos”(5000 copies, on black vinyl)As Rhino is prone to do, they’ve broken out part of a celebrated boxed set to be its own stand-alone LP release. This one comes from the “Joni Mitchell Archives, Vol. 4” set and puts Mitchell’s March 1976 solo demos for one of her greatest albums in one vinyl place.

Tegan and Sera: “So Jealous (20th Anniversary)”(3000 copies)A two-decade, two-LP anniversary edition includes the original 2004 album plus a second LP of demos from that era making their debut on vinyl. 

Teddy Swims: “I’ve Tried Everything But Therapy (Part 1.5)”(5,000 copies, on “baby blue” vinyl)This enhanced edition of Swims’ hit debut album adds four songs that were released digitally back on April but are being put on vinyl for the first time here.

Rage Against the Machine: “Democratic National Convention 2000”(4,000 copies, on clear vinyl)Here’s a rare example of a Record Store Day limited edition getting a re-release, but with a different color variant, so technically the first edition from RSD 2018 still holds its exclusive status.

Jane’s Addiction: “Imminent Redemption”(2,500 copies, on black vinyl)Will the two tracks that Jane’s released so far from its reunion sessions be the only tracks from that would-be album to ever come out, now that the band has apparently broken up? Who knows, but you can take what we got of the reunion on this 12″ with an inner sleeve containing art and handwritten lyrics. “Some copies are signed by various band members,” presumably inked in a pre-fisticuffs era.

The Byrds / Buffalo Springfield: “Live at the Monterey International Pop Festival”(3,000 copies)A two-LP set of two different performances from Monterey Pop with one commonality: the late David Crosby. Only one song from the Buffalo Springfield set has ever been released, “For What It’s Worth.” All but one song from the Byrds’ set has been previously released, but never on vinyl, as those tracks were only part of a boxed set in the ’90s.

Anitta: “Funk Generation”(1,000 copies, on “lemonade” vinyl)No rare or unreleased material here among the 15 tracks, but the fact that the Brazilian superstar’s latest album is being released on vinyl for the first and only time in a 1,000-copy limited edition just for RSD is notable. 

	










Bill Evans Trio: “Live at Kongsberg 1970”(4,500 copies, on black vinyl)It would hardly be Record Store Day or its November cousin without a previously unissued Bill Evans set, and this one is said to have excellent sound quality, despite never having been unearthed until just recently. The recording was found in the Kongsberg Jazz Festival archives — after it was long believed that the show had not even been recorded, let alone preserved. As always with Elemental releases, expect an extensive booklet with freshly penned essays and never-before-published photos.

Whitney Houston: “LOVE IS Live From South Africa” (2,000 copies)This vinyl features the debut of the unreleased track “Love Is,” after three decades. Several versions are included: a live rehearsal, an a cappella rendition, and a remix by Carvin Winans, plus two bonus tracks recorded live at Kings Park Stadium in Durban, South Africa, in 1994. 

Jimi Hendrix: “Songs for Groovy Children: The Fillmore East Concerts”(4,500 copies, on blue-and-violet swirl vinyl)An LP with highlights from the debut concerts by Hendrix’s newly assembled Band of Gypsys at New York’s Fillmore East on New Years Eve 1969 and New Year’s Day 1970. Mastered by engineer Bernie Grundman, these recordings collect some of the best cuts from a 2019 boxed set that included four complete performances.

Grateful Dead: “Veterans Memorial Coliseum, New Haven, CT 5/5/77”(4,500 copies in U.S.)The opening night of a legendary 1977 run is captured on a four-LP set mastered by Jeffrey Norman from the original analog tapes. It’s a breakout release from a 2017 boxed set (“Get Shown the Light”). Jerry Garcia gets a separate, solo RSD release, as well: “Electric on the Eel: August 29th, 1987” (with 4,000 copies on the way of that one).

The Blasters: “Over There: Live at the Venue, London 1982 — The Complete Concert”

	(1,500 copies) The Blasters’ great but too-short Slash/Warner EP from the early ’80s has really grown, 42 years later — it’s now a 23-track double album. Thirteen of those tracks have never been issued in any form. A gatefold jacket includes a detailed essay and new interviews with the band members from veteran L.A. rock writer and Variety contributor Chris Morris, who’s a producer on the project. (If vinyl is not your thing, a CD of the 73-minute performance will arrive on Dec. 6.)
The Business of Entertainment