By MATT DEMARCO FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  15:13, 16 July 2024   |  Updated:  15:21, 16 July 2024   
 2
View  comments
Tommy Little has been tattooed live on-air by musician Teddy Swims.
The American superstar musician, who is touring Australia at the moment, appeared on Hit Network's Carrie and Tommy on Tuesday, where he was asked if he would give Tommy, 39, a tattoo. 
Tommy broached the topic sensitively, saying, 'I thought, you get tattooed a lot, but you probably don't get the chance to tattoo people a lot.' 
'My tattoo artist is here and he's one of the best in the country – but I was going to see if you would tattoo me?' Tommy said.
While he was initially surprised by the request, Swims excitably agreed.
'Serious? Seriously? I would love to,' the Lose Control hitmaker replied. 
Tommy's co-host Carrie Bickmore, 43, asked him what he planned to get and he settled on getting a teddy bear on his ankle.
Despite his candid admission that he was 'absolutely not' good at drawing, Swims drew an outline of a teddy bear to create the tattoo.
Tommy Little (pictured left) has been tattooed live on-air by musician Teddy Swims (pictured right)
Tommy's co-host Carrie Bickmore, 43, asked him what he planned to get and he settled on getting a teddy bear on his ankle
Tommy admitted he was a little nervous, but Swims pulled it together.
'Teddy, I love it! Thank you so much. I'm not going to lie when I saw your hand go down, I was like, "I'm in trouble here,"' Tommy said.
It comes as Tommy celebrated a major milestone with his co-host and close friend Carrie Bickmore last week.
The radio duo took out Australia's #1 Drive Show in Melbourne and Brisbane during survey four, making it their third consecutive win.
It comes as Tommy celebrated a major milestone with his co-host and close friend Carrie Bickmore (pictured right) last week 
It's the best result the Hit Network has received for the Drive slot since 2018, and the best result in Drive for Brisbane B105 since 2010.
'We are stunned and stoked by this result – thank you, Australia, for making us #1 and tuning in every day for our crazy antics, laughs, and fun,' the co-hosts said.
'This unreal result is a testament to our phenomenally hard-working team, and our wider team across the Hit Network. 
'We can't wait for you to see the exciting things we've got planned for the rest of 2024.'
Carrie and Tommy currently boast an 11.1 per cent share of the market across Australia, with an 11.7 per cent share in Melbourne and 17 per cent share in Brisbane.
The radio duo took out Australia's #1 Drive Show in Melbourne and Brisbane during survey four, making it their third consecutive win 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group