Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Hosted by Michelle Buteau, the Billboard Music Awards include performances from Coldplay, Linkin Park, Shaboozey, Stray Kids and Tyla.

							By 

	Erin Lassner

E-Commerce Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	The 31st Billboard Music Awards are nearly here. Comedian and actress Michelle Buteau is set to host the show, airing on Thursday, Dec. 12 at 8 p.m. ET/PT.

	Leading the nominations are Zach Bryan with 21, Taylor Swift with 17, Morgan Wallen with 11 and first-time nominee Sabrina Carpenter with nine. Keep reading for everything to know ahead of music‘s big night: the performers, the nominees and how to stream the 2024 BBMAs online, including for free.



At a Glance: How to Watch the Billboard Music Awards



	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Singer-Songwriter Jill Sobule "Filled The Room With This Whirlwind of Whimsy"		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Dual Lawsuits Accuse and Deny José Menendez's Alleged Sexual Assaults of Menudo Members		
			








	The show airs on Fox on Thursday, Dec. 12 at 8 p.m. ET/PT. After airing, it will be available to watch on-demand on Paramount+.

	Cord-cutters can watch the Billboard Music Awards on any live TV streaming service that carries Fox, including Hulu + Live TV, DirecTV Stream, Fubo and Sling.

	










	Select streamers are offering free trials and limited-time discounts, allowing you to livestream the award show for free; keep reading to learn more about each option.
		Watch the 2024 BBMAs for free on Fox with a three-day trial to Hulu + Live TV, which comes bundled with Disney+ and ESPN+, starting at $82.99 per month. Available with or without ads, the live TV streamer also carries NBC, CBS, ABC and 90 other major cable news, entertainment and sports channels. 	
		Watch the 2024 BBMAs for free on Fox with a five-day free trial to DirecTV Stream, which starts at $86.98 per month for the first two months for the Entertainment + Sports Pack and then renews at $101.98 per month. The cable streamer offers more than 90 channels, including ABC, CNN, CBS, Disney Channel, E!, MSNBC, Nickelodeon and HGTV.Other plans offer over 125-160 channels, and are currently running discounts for the first three months. Learn more about package options and ways to save here. 	
 Fubo carries Fox and offers a seven-day free trial, allowing new subscribers to watch the BBMAs for free.The cable streamer carries over 200 other news, entertainment and sports channels, and subscriptions start at $79.99 per month for the Pro package, which is currently on sale for $59.99 for the first month. You can record over 1,000 hours of TV shows, movies, games and more (including Monday, Thursday and Sunday night football) and watch later on your smartphone, tablet or TV.Other plans include the Elite package (301 channels for $99.99 monthly and currently on sale for $79.99 for the first month) and the Premier tier that comes with 322 channels, NFL RedZone, Showtime and 4K quality for $109.99 monthly and currently on sale for $89.99 for the first month.	
		Offering 46 total channels including Fox, the Sling Blue plan is $22.50 per month for the first month ($45 per month afterward) — prices and channel availability depends on your local TV market.	

	Confirmed performers include Coldplay, Fuerza Regida, Jelly Roll, Linkin Park, Megan Moroney, Seventeen, Shaboozey, Stray Kids, Teddy Swims and Tyla.

	Zach Bryan, Sabrina Carpenter, Drake, Taylor Swift and Morgan Wallen are vying for top artist, while Benson Boone, Tommy Richman, Chappell Roan, Shaboozey and Teddy Swims are up for best new artist. See the full list of Billboard Music Award nominees here.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.