By SAMEER SURI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:35, 21 November 2024   |  Updated:  16:08, 21 November 2024   
 144
View  comments
Country stars galore flooded onto the red carpet in Nashville this Wednesday for the 58th Annual Country Music Association Awards.
The ceremony offers a sterling opportunity for the best and brightest in the business to show off their capability for high-octane glamour.
Celebrities flocked to the Bridgestone Arena in the country music capital that evening, dressed to the nines in a dazzling display of heartland chic.
But while most of the attendees demonstrated a winning sense of style, there were a others who flew a bit wide of the mark.
While some of the outfits went overboard in their attempt at glitz, there were other famous faces who fell too far on the casual side.
Now DailyMail.com looks at some of the worst-dressed stars at the event...
While most of the stars at the 2024 CMA Awards demonstrated a winning sense of style, there were a others who flew rather wide of the mark, such as Marcus King and his wife Briley King
Teddy Swims, hot of the heels of the tartan look he wore to the MTV EMAs in Manchester earlier this month, was a sight to see yet again on Wednesday
Teddy Swims, hot of the heels of the tartan look he wore to the MTV EMAs in Manchester earlier this month, was a sight to see yet again on Wednesday.
This time, he was swathed in an extravagant black poncho with glittering gold trim, one that was so voluminous he appeared engulfed by it.
Kimberly Schlapman of Little Big Town brought back memories of 1980s excess in a monochrome dress with a giant black bow over the bust.
Her blonde hair was gathered into a retro updo for the star-studded event, where she treated the photographers to her charming smile.
Marcus King meanwhile flashed a tad more flesh than was entirely necessary, wearing shirt with a neckline that plunged down past his chest to bare his tattoos.
Amplifying the kitsch effect with bright crimson sunglasses, he hit the red carpet on the arm of his wife Briley King, whom he married last year.
Briley was draped in a tight yellow dress streaked with tousled feathery accents that gave the faint impression her outfit was molting.
By contrast, Keith Urban dressed down to the point that he appeared unsure if he was off to attend an awards show or shovel the driveway.
Entertainer Of The Year: Morgan Wallen
Female Vocalist Of The Year: Lainey Wilson
Male Vocalist Of The Year: Chris Stapleton
Lainey Wilson took home the coveted Female Vocalist Of The Year
Album Of The Year: Cody Johnson - Leather
Vocal Group Of The Year: Old Dominion
Vocal Duo Of The Year: Brooks & Dunn
New Artist Of The Year: Megan Moroney
Single Of The Year: Chris Stapleton - White Horse
Song Of The Year: Chris Stapleton - White Horse
This time, he was swathed in an extravagant black poncho with glittering old trim, one that was so voluminous he appeared engulfed by it
Kimberly Schlapman of Little Big Town brought back memories of 1980s excess in a monochrome dress with a giant black bow over the bust
By contrast, Keith Urban dressed down to the point that he appeared unsure if he was off to attend an awards show or shovel the driveway
Megan Moroney was decked out in a sumptuous blue mermaid dress that could not help but recall Divine's outfit from the poster of the camp classic Pink Flamingos
Marcus King meanwhile flashed a tad more flesh than was entirely necessary, wearing shirt with a neckline that plunged down past his chest to bare his tattoos
Singer and songwriter INK, who has worked with names as exalted as Beyoncé and Justin Bieber, wore an outfit that erred on the busy side
Singer and songwriter INK, who has worked with names as exalted as Beyoncé and Justin Bieber, wore an outfit that erred on the busy side.
Megan Moroney was decked out in a sumptuous blue mermaid dress that could not help but recall Divine's outfit from the poster of the camp classic Pink Flamingos. 
TJ Osborne radiated country style in a dashing ensemble - but his brother and bandmate John Osborne had a bit less success.
The Osborne Brothers attended the fete on the arms of their mutual love interests, TJ with his boyfriend Abi Ventura and John with his wife Lucie Silvas.
Abi went dashingly shirtless under his suit, but the shiny purple cravat and general color scheme somewhat combined the looks of Scooby Doo and his friend Fred.
Billy Bob Thornton cut a slightly disheveled figure in a lopsided outfit reminiscent of the lower moments of his Bad Santa character.
Niki Moon went slightly too far in the casual direction, not only wearing a short-sleeved Hawaiian shirt but also leaving it open to reveal his undershirt.
TJ Osborne (left) radiated country style in a dashing ensemble - but his brother and bandmate John Osborne had a bit less success (right)
The Osborne Brothers attended the fete on the arms of their mutual love interests, TJ with his boyfriend Abi Ventura (left) and John with his wife Lucie Silvas (right)
Billy Bob Thornton cut a slightly disheveled figure in a lopsided outfit reminiscent of the lower moments of his Bad Santa character
Niki Moon went slightly too far in the casual direction, not only wearing a short-sleeved Hawaiian shirt but also leaving it open to reveal his undershirt
The 2024 CMA Awards were hosted by country stars Lainey Wilson and Luke Bryan, accompanied by football legend Peyton Manning.
A formidable array of performers was assembled, including Chris Stapleton, Post Malone, Kelsea Ballerini, Jelly Roll, Keith Urban Kacey Musgraves and Shaboozey.
Iconic singer-songwriter George Strait, 72, has been designated the recipient of this year's Willie Nelson Lifetime Achievement Award. 
Morgan Wallen leads the nominations this year with seven, while Cody Johnson and Chris Stapleton nabbed five nods apiece.
The CMA Awards ignited a controversy this year by not giving any nominations to Beyoncé, who released her first country album Cowboy Carter this year. 
It has emerged Beyoncé plans to submit Cowboy Carter to the country categories at the Grammys, igniting a debate among country fans over its eligibility.
Luke Bryan has stated that he hopes Beyonce can 'get in the family' of country music, during an appearance on Andy Cohen Live on SiriusXM. 
Entertainer of the Year
Luke Combs
Jelly Roll
Chris Stapleton
Morgan Wallen (WINNER)
Lainey Wilson
Album of the Year
Deeper Well - Kacey Musgraves; Producers: Ian Fitchuk, Kacey Musgraves, Daniel Tashian; Mix engineers: Shawn Everett, Konrad Snyder
Fathers & Sons - Luke Combs; Producers: Luke Combs, Chase Matthews, Jonathan Singleton; Mix engineer: Chip Matthews
Higher - Chris Stapleton; Producers: Dave Cobb, Chris Stapleton, Morgane Stapleton; Mix engineer: Vance Powell
Leather - Cody Johnson; Producer: Trent Willmon; Mix engineer: Jack Clarke (WINNER)
Whitsitt Chapel - Jelly Roll; Producers: Andrew Baylis, Brock Berryhill, Zach Crowell, Jesse Frasure, David Garcia, Kevin "Thrasher" Gruft, Austin Nivarel, David Ray Stevens; Mix engineers: Jeff Braun, Jim Cooley
Female Vocalist of the Year
Kelsea Ballerini
Ashley McBryde
Megan Moroney 
Kacey Musgraves 
Lainey Wilson (WINNER) 
Male Vocalist of the Year 
Luke Combs 
Jelly Roll 
Cody Johnson 
Chris Stapleton (WINNER)
Morgan Wallen 
Vocal Group of the Year 
Lady A 
Little Big Town 
Old Dominion (WINNER)
The Red Clay Strays 
Zac Brown Band 
Vocal Duo of the Year
Brooks & Dunn (WINNER)
Brothers Osborne 
Dan + Shay 
Maddie & Tae 
The War And Treaty 
New Artist of the Year 
Megan Moroney (WINNER)
Shaboozey 
Nate Smith 
Mitchell Tenpenny 
Zach Top 
Bailey Zimmerman 
Single of the Year 
A Bar Song (Tipsy) - Shaboozey; Producers: Sean Cook, Nevin Sastry; Mix engineer: Raul Lopez
Dirt Cheap - Cody Johnson; Producer: Trent Willmon; Mix engineer: Jack Clarke
I Had Some Help - Post Malone (Feat. Morgan Wallen); Producers: Louis Bell, Charlie Handsome, Hoskins; Mix engineer: Ryan Gore
Watermelon Moonshine - Lainey Wilson; Producer: Jay Joyce; Mix engineers: Jason Hall, Jay Joyce
White Horse - Chris Stapleton; Producers: Dave Cobb, Chris Stapleton, Morgane Stapleton; Mix engineer: Vance Powell (WINNER)
Song of the Year
Burn It Down - Hillary Lindsey, Parker McCollum, Lori McKenna, Liz Rose
Dirt Cheap - Josh Phillips
I Had Some Help - Louis Bell, Ashley Gorley, Charlie Handsome, Hoskins, Austin Post, Ernest Keith Smith, Morgan Wallen, Chandler Paul Walters
The Painter -  Benjy Davis, Kat Higgins, Ryan Larkins
White Horse - Chris Stapleton, Dan Wilson (WINNER)
Musical Event of the Year 
Cowboys Cry Too - Kelsea Ballerini (with Noah Kahan); Producers: Kelsea Ballerini, Alysa Vanderheym
I Had Some Help -  Post Malone (Feat. Morgan Wallen); Producers: Louis Bell, Charlie Handsome, Hoskins
I Remember Everything - Zach Bryan (ft. Kacey Musgraves); Producer: Zach Bryan
Man Made A Bar - Zach Bryan (ft. Kacey Musgraves); Producer: Joey Moi
you look like you love me -  Ella Langley (feat. Riley Green); Producer: Will Bundy (WINNER)
Music Video of the Year 
Dirt Cheap -  Cody Johnson, directed by Dustin Haney
I Had Some Help - Post Malone (Feat. Morgan Wallen), directed by Chris Villa
I'm Not Pretty -  Megan Moroney, directed by Jeff Johnson and Megan Moroney
The Painter - Cody Johnson, directed by Dustin Haney
Wildflowers and Wild Horses - Lainey Wilson, directed by Patrick Tracy (WINNER)
Musician of the Year 
Tom Bukovac
Jenee Fleenor 
Paul Franklin 
Rob McNelley 
Charlie Worsham (WINNER)

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group