ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 14: Teddy Swims visits 'Hits 1' at the SiriusXM Studios on September ... More 14, 2023 in New York City. (Photo by Noam Galai/Getty Images)
Teddy Swims is on the precipice of becoming a proper star in the music world. The talented singer-songwriter scored his breakout hit with his current single “Lose Control,” which has been living inside the top 10 on the Hot 100 for several weeks now. The musician and his team are currently trying to send the cut to the No. 1 spot, giving him his debut leader on the tally—and they’re hoping that sales will be enough to push the tune to the throne.
“Lose Control” currently sits at No. 1 on the U.S. iTunes chart. The track just recently returned to the summit, replacing Beyoncé’s current smash “Texas Hold ‘Em,” which, as of writing, is down to second place. That country cut has been running the show on the sales platform more often than not in the weeks since it was released just after the Super Bowl.
Hitting No. 1 on iTunes is a good sign of future success, but it’s only a small part of the story of how Swims could conquer the Hot 100 in a few days. Currently, eight different versions of the single are selling well in America. All of those takes on the same tune currently appear inside the top 20 on the U.S.-specific tally.
Like so many musicians today, Swims recently released several new versions of his current single. Fans of a musician will rush to buy all available editions of one track, as Billboard lumps consumption of multiple takes of a tune into one entity for the charts. So, all the purchases and streams of “Lose Control” will be merged into one single, and the increase in plays and sales may be enough to make it an even bigger hit.
In addition to the original, popular dose of “Lose Control,” fans of Swims are also supporting the singer by snapping up the many recently-dropped altered editions as well. The list of new takes on the single includes sped up and slowed down, piano, strings, BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge Session, and various remix versions of the cut.
“Lose Control” has thus far climbed as high as No. 2 on the Hot 100, missing the highest spot by just one space. Currently, it’s down at No. 5 on the ranking of the most-consumed songs in the U.S., but the ranking will surely change in the coming days. Swims is a competitor for the No. 1 rung next week, though he is up against Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” (a Warner label mate of Swims who is also aiming to become that rising talent’s first leader with a similar strategy), “Texas Hold ‘Em” (which is in charge at the moment), and Kanye West, Ty Dolla $ign, Playboy Carti, and Rich the Kid’s “Carnival,” which climbs to a new peak of No. 2 this frame.