Fans of Stacey Solomon have pleaded with her to offer daily updates on her new fluffy family members. Last month, the Loose Women star teased she had some news to share before she went onto reveal she and her husband Joe Swash had added some feathered friends to their brood.
Stacey, 34, and Joe, 42, share three young children - Rex, four, Rose, two, and one-year-old Belle. Stacey also has a 15-year-old son named Zachary and a 12-year-old son named Leighton, who she shares with former partners, while Joe is also dad to his teenage son Harry.
They also have two beloved pet dogs - Teddy and Peanut - who help keep the families Pickle Cottage home in Essex full and busy. And it's since got busier with the arrival of two ducklings - who are growing fast into fully-grown ducks.
READ MORE: Joe Swash flooded with support and praise for 'keeping it real' after heartbreaking family post
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and Breaking News group by clicking this link
On Thursday (June 20), Stacey shared how she'd been busy getting her garden ready for what is hoped to be continued sunny weather in the coming days and as she prepared the pool, she couldn't help but get the ducklings, who are yet to be named, involved.
Sharing a sweet video to her Instagram page in view of her 5.9 million followers, the Sort Your Life Out host shows the ducklings enjoying their own swim in the pool, which she said left Joe 'fuming'.
Captioning the post, Stacey said: "It’s their pool now. We let the ducks have the first swims in the pool before we put the chemicals in & clean it. Hope this brightens up your feed today… I could watch them play all day it’s so beautiful. Joe's fumin' the ducks get better poolside snack & drink service than him."
And it didn't take her fans and followers long to respond to the heart-melting update. @essexcrafts94 said: "Omg stop it it’s like they are on holiday all inclusive." @babyandmegiftbox commented: "Oh my days this has made my day! Hehe I can just imagine the girls sitting with the ducks after a swim in their cosy duck dressing gowns hehe."
@organisedhousewives wrote: "Awwww this is just adorable. What lucky little ducks." @crazycleaningcrawford begged: "Oh stop @staceysolomon look at them little fellas having a swim! I can’t deal!! Please can we have a daily duck diary." @athomewithkirsty_ shared: "Obsessed they are tooooo cute." @tarasmith1347 added: "You are just a wonderfully amazing lady! Those duckies are so lucky!"
But some were left defending Stacey as @joanneemacx wrote: "Stacey knows what she's doing, THE ARE NO CHEMICALS IN THE POOOL." @rebeccascakes1 said: "Oh my god, READ what she says before posting negative comments." @melipop3 added: "It literally says in the caption, first swim BEFORE the chemicals!!"
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.