"I didn't find it funny," the Oscar winner wrote on Instagram.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Ariana DeBose wasn’t amused by a joke made at her expense during the 2024 Critics Choice Awards.

	While presenting the best song award on Sunday (Jan. 14), Last of Us star Bella Ramsey and actor-singer Anthony Ramos introduced the nominees Billie Eilish, Lenny Kravitz and Dua Lipa as “some of the most famous voices in the music industry” before taking a dig at DeBose.

	“Then there are the actors who think they’re singers: Jack Black, Ariana DeBose and Ken himself, Ryan Gosling,” Ramsey added.

	The camera then cut to the Academy Award winner and Tony nominee, who appeared offended before moving on to a chucking Gosling, whose “I’m Just Ken” from Barbie took home the award.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	DeBose — who was nominated for “This Wish” from Disney’s animated movie of the same title — later addressed the joke on social media.

	“No, I didn’t find it funny,” the Broadway star wrote in her Instagram Stories on Monday (Jan. 15), adding “lol.”

	DeBose received support from her outraged fans on X (formerly Twitter).

	“Ariana DeBose, Oscar award winning, Tony nominated, OG cast member of Hamilton on BROADWAY…. “THINKS she’s a singer”?!? Who wrote this bit?! I want names #CriticsChoiceAwards, one fan wrote.

	Another added, “The disrespect to Academy Award winner, Tony nominee, Broadway star, Ariana DeBose is WILD. The look on her face really said it all.”

	Last year, DeBose received backlash on social media after performing an original rap in honor of the female nominees during the show-opening musical medley at the 2023 BAFTA Awards in London. During the rap number, the West Side Story star named-checked famous actresses like Bassett, Jamie Lee Curtis and Viola Davis.

	See DeBose’s reaction to the Critics Choice Awards joke on her Instagram Stories here.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.