By KATE DENNETT FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  07:54, 9 January 2024   |  Updated:  13:03, 9 January 2024   
 106
View  comments
Cillian Murphy had a hugely successful night at the Golden Globes on Sunday as he won Best Actor in a Motion Picture: Drama for his performance in Oppenheimer.
However, what really captured the attention of fans on the night was the Irish actor's 'bored' facial expression, despite taking home a top gong.
Cillian, 47, was quickly turned into a meme with videos and photographs of himself posing at the glitzy awards ceremony going viral, leaving fans in complete stitches.
Fans commented on his 'nonchalant' expression as he looked less than impressed as he joined the Hollywood elite at the hotly-anticipated ceremony.
They joked that Cillian seemed like he was 'hating every single second' of the Golden Globes, and said he was the 'winner of the idgaf war'.
Cillian Murphy had a hugely successful night at the Golden Globes on Sunday as he won Best Actor in a Motion Picture: Drama for his performance in Oppenheimer
However, what really captured the attention of fans on the night was the Irish actor's 'bored' facial expression at the star-studded affair  
Taking to X - formerly known as Twitter - they gushed over the 'relatable' star as he gave a very small smile while posing with a beaming Robert Downey Jr after they both took home awards.
One wrote: 'Cillian Murphy's commitment to openly hating every single second he is around other human beings is honestly inspiring.'
Another said: 'Cillian Murphy, the real winner of the idgaf war,' a third commented: 'I relate to him so hard.'
A fourth tweeted: 'Cillian Murphy has the coldest, most nonchalant, bored to the bones kind of facial expressions I've ever seen in an actor lol.'
One quipped: 'Today, a day of in-person work, feeling a bit like Cillian Murphy,' and another added: 'He's my spirit animal.'
Viewers were also left amused when he accepted the Best Actor award with his proud wife Yvonne's lipstick on his nose. 
Cillian scooped the gong for Best Actor in a Motion Picture: Drama for his performance in Christopher Nolan's Oppenheimer.
Just seconds after the win was revealed, the Irish actor's longtime wife Yvonne McGuinness grabbed his face and kissed him.
Cillian, 47, was quickly turned into a meme with videos and photographs of his 'nonchalant' expression going viral, leaving fans in complete stitches 
Fans joked that Cillian seemed like he was 'hating every single second' of the Golden Globes, and said he was the 'winner of the idgaf war'
Cillian Murphy #GoldenGlobes pic.twitter.com/y0DrLlsx3H
Fans gushed over the 'relatable' star as he gave a very small smile while posing with a beaming Robert Downey Jr after they both took home awards
 FILM
Best Motion Picture - Drama: Oppenheimer
Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy: Poor Things
Cinematic and Box Office Achievement: Barbie
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama: Lily Gladstone - Killers Of The Flower Moon
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama: Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy: Emma Stone - Poor Things
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy: Paul Giamatti - The Holdovers
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture: Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture: Robert Downey Jr. - Oppenheimer
Best Director - Motion Picture: Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer
Best Original Song - Motion Picture: What Was I Made For? - Barbie - Billie Eilish, Finneas O'Connell
Emma Stone triumphed as she earned Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
 TELEVISION
Best Television Series - Drama: Succession
Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy: The Bear
Best Television Limited Series, Anthology Series, or Motion Picture Made for Television: Beef
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Drama: Sarah Snook - Succession
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Drama: Kieran Culkin - Succession
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy: Ayo Edebiri - The Bear
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy: Jeremy Allen White - The Bear
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television: Ali Wong - Beef
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television: Steven Yeun - Beef
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television: Elizabeth Debicki - The Crown
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role on Television: Matthew Macfadyen - Succession
After a desperate bid to wipe her lipstick off his face, Cillian decided to embrace the bright red smudge as he made his way to the stage to accept the honor.
'First question, do I have lipstick all over my nose?' he asked the star-studded audience from the podium. 'I was gonna leave it.' 
Cillian — who plays the theoretical physicist who helped develop the Atomic bomb, J. Robert Oppenheimer in Christopher Nolan's war drama — beat out the likes of Maestro's Bradley Cooper and Killers Of The Flower Moon's Leonardo DiCaprio in the coveted category.
The film also took home Best Director - Motion Picture for Christopher Nolan, Best Motion Picture - Drama, Best Original Score - Motion Picture, and Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture for Robert Downey Jr.
As well as being supported by his wife Yvonne, Cillian was also joined at the ceremony by their younger son Aran, 16. The couple are also parents to Malachy, 17.
In his Best Actor acceptance speech, the Peaky Blinders star deemed himself 'the luckiest man' as he spoke directly to his wife and children.
'To my family, I'm the luckiest man and I love you,' he said.
The couple are famously private when it comes to their marriage and home life.
Viewers were also left amused when he accepted the Best Actor award with his wife Yvonne's lipstick on his nose  
Cillian received a kiss from his proud wife as it was revealed he'd won the Best Actor award, and paid tribute to his family in his acceptance speech
Cillian plays the theoretical physicist who helped develop the Atomic bomb, J. Robert Oppenheimer in Christopher Nolan's war drama
Cillian has previously detailed the extreme lengths he went to in a bid to portray the physicist on screen, losing weight to mirror his 'almost emaciated' frame.
Emily Blunt revealed that her co-star only survived off an 'almond a day' in his grueling diet.
She told Extra: 'He had such a monumental undertaking. And he could only eat, like, an almond every day. He was so emaciated.'
Cillian has warned that his transformation wasn't 'healthy' and has advised people not to try it for themselves.
He took more than five months before filming to prepare himself both physically and emotionally for the role.
Best Motion Picture - Drama
Anatomy of a Fall
Killers of the Flower Moon
Maestro
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Past Lives
The Zone of Interest 
Oppenheimer earned top prize Best Motion Picture - Drama (Christopher Nolan and Emma Thomas are pictured)
Best Motion Picture - Animated
The Boy and the Heron - WINNER
Elemental
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse 
Suzume
The Super Mario Bros. Movie
Wish  
Best Motion Picture – Non-English Language
Anatomy of a Fall - WINNER
Fallen Leaves
Io Capitano
Past Lives
Society of the Snow
The Zone of Interest
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Andrew Scott - All of Us Strangers 
Barry Keoghan - Saltburn
Bradley Cooper - Maestro
Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Colman Domingo - Rustin
Leonardo DiCaprio - Killers of the Flower Moon
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Jeffrey Wright - American Fiction
Joaquin Phoenix - Beau is Afraid
Matt Damon - Air
Nicolas Cage - Dream Scenario
Paul Giamatti - The Holdovers - WINNER
Timothée Chalamet - Wonka
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Charles Melton - May December
Mark Ruffalo - Poor Things
Robert De Niro - Killers of the Flower Moon
Robert Downey Jr. - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Ryan Gosling - Barbie
Willem Dafoe - Poor Things
Cillian Murphy and Robert Downey Jr. both earned Best Performance by a Male Actor and Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture for Oppenheimer, respectively
Best Screenplay - Motion Picture
Greta Gerwig and Noah Baumbach - Barbie
Tony McNamara - Poor Things
Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer
Eric Roth and Martin Scorsese - Killers of the Flower Moon
Celine Song - Past Lives
Justine Triet and Arthur Harari - Anatomy of a Fall - WINNER
Best Original Song - Motion Picture
Addicted to Romance - She Came to Me - Bruce Springsteen
Dance the Night - Barbie - Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt, Dua Lipa, Caroline Ailin
I'm Just Ken - Barbie - Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt
Peaches - The Super Mario Bros. Movie - Jack Black, Aaron Horvath, Michael Jelenic, Eric Osmond, John Spiker
Road to Freedom - Rustin - Lenny Kravitz
What Was I Made For? - Barbie - Billie Eilish, Finneas O'Connell - WINNER
Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy
Abbott Elementary
Barry
The Bear - WINNER
Jury Duty
Only Murders in the Building
Ted Lasso 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Drama
Bella Ramsey - The Last of Us
Emma Stone - The Curse
Helen Mirren - 1923
Imelda Staunton - The Crown
Keri Russell - The Diplomat
Sarah Snook - Succession - WINNER
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Ayo Edebiri - The Bear -WINNER
Elle Fanning - The Great
Natasha Lyonne - Poker Face
Quinta Brunson - Abbott Elementary
Rachel Brosnahan - The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Selena Gomez - Only Murders in the Building 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television
Ali Wong - Beef - WINNER
Brie Larson - Lessons in Chemistry
Elizabeth Olsen - Love & Death
Juno Temple - Fargo
Rachel Weisz - Dead Ringers
Riley Keough - Daisy Jones and the Six 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television
Abby Elliott - The Bear
Christina Ricci - Yellowjackets
Elizabeth Debicki - The Crown - WINNER
Hannah Waddingham - Ted Lasso
J. Smith-Cameron - Succession
Meryl Streep - Only Murders in the Building 
 Elizabeth Debicki won Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television for The Crown
Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy on Television
Amy Schumer: Emergency Contact
Chris Rock: Selective Outrage
Ricky Gervais: Armageddon - WINNER
Sarah Silverman: Someone You Love
Trevor Noah: Where Was I 
Wanda Sykes: I'm an Entertainer 
Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy 
Air 
American Fiction
Barbie
The Holdovers
May December
Poor Things - WINNER
Cinematic and Box Office Achievement
Barbie - WINNER
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
John Wick: Chapter 4
Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part 1
Oppenheimer
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour
The Super Mario Bros. Movie 
Barbie beat out Taylor Swift in a new category Cinematic and Box Office Achievement as Margot Robbie accepted
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Annette Bening - Nyad
Cailee Spaeny -  Priscilla
Carey Mulligan - Maestro
Greta Lee - Past Lives
Lily Gladstone - Killers of the Flower Moon - WINNER
Sandra Hüller - Anatomy of a Fall
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Alma Pöysti - Fallen Leaves
Emma Stone - Poor Things - WINNER
Fantasia Barrino - The Color Purple (2023)
Jennifer Lawrence - No Hard Feelings
Margot Robbie - Barbie
Natalie Portman - May December 
Emma Stone triumphed as she earned Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy for Poor Things and also led the film to top honor Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Danielle Brooks - The Color Purple (2023)
Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers - WINNER
Emily Blunt - Oppenheimer
Jodie Foster - Nyad
Julianne Moore - May December
Rosamund Pike - Saltburn
Best Director - Motion Picture
Bradley Cooper - Maestro 
Celine Song - Past Lives
Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Greta Gerwig - Barbie
Martin Scorsese - Killers of the Flower Moon
Yorgos Lanthimos - Poor Things 
Best Original Score - Motion Picture
The Boy and the Heron
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Poor Things
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
The Zone of Interest 
Best Television Series - Drama
1923
The Crown
The Diplomat
The Last of Us
The Morning Show
Succession - WINNER
Succession nearly swept the television drama categories including top prize Best Television Series - Drama
Best Television Limited Series, Anthology Series, or Motion Picture Made for Television
All the Light We Cannot See
Beef - WINNER
Daisy Jones and the Six
Fargo
Fellow Travelers
Lessons in Chemistry 
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Drama
Brian Cox - Succession
Dominic West - The Crown
Gary Oldman - Slow Horses
Jeremy Strong - Succession
Kieran Culkin - Succession - WINNER
Pedro Pascal - The Last of Us
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Bill Hader - Barry
Jason Segel - Shrinking
Jason Sudeikis - Ted Lasso
Jeremy Allen White - The Bear - WINNER
Martin Short - Only Murders in the Building
Steve Martin - Only Murders in the Building 
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television
David Oyelowo - Lawman: Bass Reeves
Jon Hamm - Fargo
Matt Bomer - Fellow Travelers
Sam Claflin - Daisy Jones and the Six
Steven Yeun - Beef - WINNER
Woody Harrelson - White House Plumbers 
Steven Yeun took home Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television for Beef
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role on Television
Alan Ruck - Succession 
Alexander Skarsgård - Succession
Billy Crudup - The Morning Show
Ebon Moss-Bachrach - The Bear
James Marsden - Jury Duty
Matthew Macfadyen - Succession - WINNER 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group