Manage your account
Singer Billie Eilish has made an official endorsement for 2024 Democratic nominee Kamala Harris for president. Along with her brother Finneas, Eilish endorsed both Harris and Tim Walz in a video on both Instagram and X, formerly Twitter. In the short and sweet message, they reveal why they’re voting for the Democratic party over the Trump-Vance Republican ticket.
Billie Eilish, in addition to Finneas, are endorsing Harris and Walz for many reasons, but it’s mainly to protect “reproductive freedom, our planet, and our democracy.” For them, “the choice is clear.”
Finneas remarks that he doesn’t want to let “extremists control their lives and freedoms,” specifically speaking out against Project 2025, which he calls “dangerous.” Project 2025 is a 900-page initiative proposed by the Heritage Foundation that pushes various conservative policies, which the Harris campaign has attributed to Donald Trump and JD Vance.
Eilish calls for viewers to “vote like your lives depend on it,” releasing the video on National Voter Registration Day to make a point. She and her brother also ask their followers to check their voting status ahead of the upcoming election by heading to iwillvote.com.
At the time of writing, the video on Instagram has garnered over 1.3 million likes, while the same video on X has been viewed over 4.4 million times and has received over 113 thousand likes.
Pop superstar Taylor Swift also endorsed Kamala Harris after the conclusion of the heated presidential debate between her and Donald Trump. She signed her bold endorsement for Harris with the moniker “Childless Cat Lady” in reference to a negative remark made by JD Vance about Democrats.
A rumor about Eilish canceling her Hit Me Hard and Soft Tour circulated earlier in September. Her song “What Was I Made For?” for the movie “Barbie” catapulted in sales earlier this year after winning the Oscar for Best Original Song.
The post Billie Eilish Reveals Why She Supports Kamala Harris appeared first on ComingSoon.net - Movie Trailers, TV & Streaming News, and More.