Another Grammy ceremony, another year of records broken. Hosted by Trevor Noah and with performances by Miley Cyrus, Luke Combs, Joni Mitchell and more, the awards show honored a plethora of diverse music creators from different genres and backgrounds. Some of those artists, songwriters and engineers/producers also broke long standing records.
Taylor Swift’s historic fourth Album of the Year win
After Taylor Swift’s Album of the Year win for "Midnights," Noah claimed she was the first person to win Album of the Year four times. That is not exactly correct — engineers Tom Coyne, Serban Ghenea, and John Hanes had won four times before "Midnights" — but Swift is indeed the first woman and first performer to win this many times, following her victories for "Fearless," "1989" and "Folklore." This historic win is a testament to Swift’s ability to make consistently successful albums, especially with her winning three of her four awards in a 10-year span. "Midnights" also helped engineer Randy Merrill join the four-timers club.
But Swift isn’t the biggest category winner ever here. The aforementioned engineer Serban Ghenea, her frequent collaborator who also won for "Midnights," has five total wins now. Ghenea won previously for Swift's "1989" and "Folklore," as well as Adele’s "25" and Bruno Mars’s "24k Magic."
First true Record of the Year/Song of the Year split since 1995
Ever since 1995, the awards for Record of the Year and Song of the Year hadn’t truly split. While, yes, sometimes they’d gone to different songs, it hadn’t occurred in almost 30 years that two songs up for both awards split the wins. The last time this happened was when Sheryl Crow's “All I Wanna Do” took home Record but lost Song, while Bruce Springsteen’s “Streets of Philadelphia” won Song but lost Record.
This year it finally happened again, with Miley Cyrus’s “Flowers” taking home Record of the Year and Billie Eilish’s “What Was I Made For?” grabbing Song of the Year. Both songs went into the awards as front-runners, so it was awesome to see both women get a chance to shine.
Billie Eilish becomes the second female Song of the Year repeat
Eilish’s “What Was I Made For?” took home two Grammys including Song of the Year. With her win, she became the second woman to win the award twice, after Adele. Her previous win was for her number-one hit “Bad Guy,” which won in 2020. Eilish and her brother Finneas both join a very elite club of double winners, which in addition to Adele also includes Bruno Mars and U2. Now with two Record of the Year ("Bad Guy" and "Everything I Wanted") and two Song of the Year awards, is it inevitable that Eilish wins a second Album of the Year prize sometime in the near future? She'd be the third woman (after Adele and Swift) to achieve that.
Boygenius and Paramore hit it big for female rockers
One of the biggest artists of 2023 was the indie supergroup Boygenius, nominated for six Grammys including Album and Record of the Year. They ended up winning three, including historic wins for Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance, both for “Not Strong Enough.” That was the first time an all-female band has won those awards, following solo female rock winners like Brandi Carlile, Fiona Apple and Alanis Morissette.
Female-fronted bands have won those categories before: Paramore and Alabama Shakes are also previous category winners. But speaking of Paramore, they won two awards, including Best Rock Album for "This is Why" in a huge upset against Foo Fighters. This was the first time a female-led band has won that award, and it was the first win for any female artist since Sheryl Crow's "The Globe Sessions" in 1999.
Be sure to make your predictions so that artists can see how they’re faring in our racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next tracking week begins every Friday. You’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our music forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
I don’t understand how mumble singer Billie Eilish wins any awards.   She truly isn’t a good singer.  Plus, there were so many better songs!
Eilish could become the fourth woman under 30 to win two Oscars like Rainer, Foster and Swank.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media