One in Five People Get Cold Feet – LINK
Two Parkway high school students earn perfect ACT scores – LINK
Video shows tow truck driver stealing cars in Dutchtown – LINK
Don’t hit turtles with your car this spring, MDC asks – LINK
Charged with drunk driving, man discovers his body brews its own alcohol. What is auto-brewery syndrome? – LINK
Viral OnlyFans Star ‘The Girth Master’ Answers Our Big Questions – LINK
AT&T Instructional Film on the Dial Telephone, 1936 – LINK
What Is Rural America? – LINK
Airlines Will Be Required to Refund Passengers for Canceled and Delayed Flights – LINK
And Now, Chocolate Is Being Wiped Out By a Covid-Like Pandemic? – LINK
MUSIC
Blink-182 and Gwen Stefani will headline the inaugural South Star Festival in Huntsville, Alabama on September 28th and 29th. Other acts on the bill include Shinedown, Sublime, Beck, Jane’s Addiction, Jimmy Eat World, Goo Goo Dolls, Pete Yorn, Candlebox and Gin Blossoms – LINK
Slipknot’ show tonight in Pioneertown, California is a warm-up for their headlining set at Sick New World in Las vegas Saturday night. And Slipknot Reddit users found a video hidden on the site that has images named after all members of the group, which included images referencing “Eloy” and “Jeff.” That’s the name of ex-Sepultura drummer Eloy Casagrande, who has been rumored as Weinberg’s for a couple months. The Reddit thread has been taken down – LINK
Evanescence’s Amy Lee says the rumors that she’s joining Linkin Park aren’t true, saying, “That is an incredible compliment. I have not heard that [rumor]. No, I have not been contacted [by Linkin Park] or anything like that” – LINK
Billie Eilish got very vocal about it in a new profile in “Rolling Stone”.  She says, quote, “I should have a Ph.D. in masturbation.” She adds, quote, “Self-pleasure is an enormous, enormous part of my life, and a huge, huge help for me . . . I can’t stress it enough, as somebody with extreme body issues and dysmorphia that I’ve had my entire life.” She particularly enjoys doing it in front of a mirror.  Quote, “I have learned that looking at myself and watching myself feel pleasure has been an extreme help in loving myself and accepting myself, and feeling empowered and comfortable.” She also talks about sex with OTHERS . . . particularly women.  She even has a song about it on her upcoming album, with the rather delicious title, “Lunch”. “I’ve been in love with girls for my whole life” – LINK
The reality series that follows Billy Corgan as he balances life in Smashing Pumpkins and running the National Wrestling Alliance will debut on the CW app and CWTV.com on May 14th – LINK
That upcoming Talking Heads tribute album finally has a release date and track listing. Everyone’s Getting Involved: A Tribute to Talking Heads’ Stop Making Sense will be out May 17th, and besides Paramore‘s take on “Buening Down the House” and Lorde‘s version of “Take Me to the River,” it includes Miley Cyrus doing “Pyscho Killer,” The National tackling “Heaven” and BADBADNOTGOOD featuring Norah Jones doing “This Must Be the Place (Naive Melody).” The latest track shared from it is Girl in Red‘s cover of “Girlfriend Is Better.” Check it out on
As Bon Jovi celebrates their 40th year as one of the world’s most successful rock bands, a docuseries on the iconic band is coming to Hulu – LINK
The MTV Video Music Awards are coming back home to New York – LINK
RIP: Moody Blues founding member, and last surviving member Mike Pinder dead at 82 – LINK 
TV
Former WWE boss Vince McMahon has opened up about one of the sexual misconduct allegations he’s facing – LINK 
“The Simpsons” killed off Larry the Barfly on Sunday. Rest in Peace. While casual fans might not know the balding man by name, Larry has had a spot at Moe’s since, at least, Season 1’s “Homer’s Odyssey” that aired back in January 1990 — more than 34 years ago – LINK
MOVIES
Pauly Shore might want to give up on that Richard Simmons biopic . . . because Richard made it crystal clear yesterday that he’s not on board.  Because he has his own plans tweeting, “I just read that a man that I don’t know is writing my biopic starring Pauly Shore.  I do not approve this movie.  I am in talks with major studios to create my own biopic with some help.  Wait for this movie.” He also issued a statement through his publicist, saying, quote, “The Pauly Shore biopic does not have my blessing.  Some major studios are interested with me being involved in MY story.  Who should play me?  Tom Cruise lol” – LINK 
MISC
President Joe Biden signed a bill that could ban TikTok in the United States. Congress packaged the clause in a bill that contained aid to Israel and Ukraine – LINK
Apple Vision Pro sales sputtering … It looks like we’re just not ready for virtual reality. Apple has announced that they’re cutting production of the $3500 Vision Pro goggles due to low demand. Because of the surprisingly poor sales numbers, Apple might also be postponing the development of a cheaper version of the headset beyond 2025 – or scrapping ideas for that product completely – LINK
AND FINALLY
Mike Myers has a net worth of… and ScreenRant.com ranked all of the Mike Myers movies. Here are his Top Ten Best:
TV TONIGHT
Thursday, April 25th
TOP TALK SHOW GUESTS:
DON’T MISS TV:
WHAT TO STREAM:
My Mane Problem (ALLBLK)
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC