STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. — After four-straight new episodes, “Saturday Night Live” is taking its first break of the season.
There will not be a new episode Saturday, Oct. 26, but the late-night sketch comedy series will return Saturday, Nov. 2, with host John Mulaney and musical guest Chappell Roan.
Mulaney is a stand-up comedian, actor, writer and producer who first rose to prominence as a writer for “SNL” from 2008 to 2013. This will be his sixth time hosting.
Pop singer Chappell Roan -- who recently won “Best New Artist” at the 2024 VMAs and is known for her hit song “Good Luck Babe!” -- will be taking the stage as a musical guest for the first time.
A post shared by Saturday Night Live (@nbcsnl)
The show kicked off its 50th season on Sept. 28 with actress Jean Smart and musical guest Jelly Roll.
On Oct. 5, stand-up comedian Nate Bargatze hosted with musical guest Coldplay. It was Bargatze’s second time hosting.
Singer-songwriter and actress Ariana Grande hosted for the second time on Oct. 12 with musical guest Stevie Nicks.
On Oct. 19, award-winning actor Michael Keaton hosted, and Grammy-winning artist Billie Eilish took the stage as a musical guest. This was both Keaton and Eilish’s fourth time on “SNL.”
“SNL” fans will be excited to know that former Staten Islander Colin Jost, the longest-serving “Weekend Update” anchor in the show’s history, is still at the desk.
Joining Jost for Season 50 is his longtime “Weekend Update” co-anchor, Michael Che, along with Mikey Day, Andrew Dismukes, Chloe Fineman, Heidi Gardner, Ego Nwodim, Kenan Thompson and Bowen Yang.
Featured players Marcello Hernández, James Austin Johnson, Michael Longfellow, Sarah Sherman and Devon Walker have also returned. “SNL” also welcomed three new cast members for Season 50: Ashley Padilla, Emil Wakim and Jane Wickline.
In late summer, Punkie Johnson, Molly Kearney and Chloe Troast announced on social media that they were not asked back. Johnson had been a cast member for four seasons, Kearney had been a featured player for two years, and Troast had just wrapped up her first year.
“Saturday Night Live” airs Saturdays at 11:30 p.m. on NBC.
You can find which channel NBC is on by using the channel finders here: Verizon Fios, AT&T U-verse, Comcast Xfinity, Spectrum/Charter, Optimum/Altice, DIRECTV and Dish.
“Saturday Night Live” can be streamed on the following platforms:
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices