Last Sunday (November 10) the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards were held at the Co-Op Live Arena in Manchester, where I was fortunate enough to attend.


  With Rita Ora hosting for the third time, a star-studded line-up including Shawn Mendes, Raye and the Pet Shop Boys and the prospect of backstage, I was giddy with MTV excitement. But perhaps not as giddy as two Irish twins, we'll get to that.


  Taylor Swift led the nominations with 7 in total. Other nominees include US singers Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter and Billie Eilish.


  To a lot of fans' deep dismay, however, few could attend. Eilish, Swift, Carpenter and Roan were all touring outside the UK.


The MTV Awards came to Manchester for the first time in their 30-year history on Sunday night (Image: Newsquest) The last awards ceremony I attended was Ewloe Harriers U15's end-of-season awards in 2010. So I was interested to see how the two would compare.


  Myself and a friend were invited by Hotels.com to experience an awards show that promised thrills and boy did it deliver, on several fronts.


  From rubbing shoulders with the stars to free booze, from fawning over certain celeb cameos to the after-party, it was a night that will not be forgotten in a hurry.


  This was my first time visiting the Co-Op Live and I have to say, it just ever so slightly edges Ewloe Social Club. Just.


  I'm due to see the Scissor Sisters there next summer and I have to say, I can't wait to return.


  The arena is hugely impressive from the outside and similarly majestic from the inside. The only gripe if I'm being honest, is the parking charges. My friend shelved out £25 for the evening.


  Despite this, we were lucky enough to have backstage passes so those qualms didn't linger and decided to take full advantage of what awaited.


Our view of the stage, in the midst of Love Island/X Factor contestants (Image: Newsquest)


  Ok, the MTV Awards backstage hall beats a boxroom with a snooker table.


  As soon as we entered we were hit by a sea of extravagant costumes waving in and out of a bubbling crowd. Why so bubbling? The free booze.


  The staff were exceptional and extremely courteous, offering us a choice of red wine, white wine, Asahi beer, G&T and cocktails immediately. Don't mind if we do. 


  My friend bought a pizza for around £15 and then we set about chatting with others. From attendees to staff, it was going well, before a politically sour chat with a steward was thankfully interrupted by that night's main entertainment.


  Jedward.


  The iconic X-Factor duo are, without question, fantastic sports. We caught them just before we were going into the show and they were more than happy to take a picture (or several) with us, above and beyond even.


  Later, I read that the two had just been on 'a massive charm offensive for the international press'.


  "Oasis are back and Jedward are back!" they declared on the red carpet, before racing over to baffled German and French journalists while singing Stop Crying Your Heart Out, according to the BBC.


  Sadly, we couldn't stay with Jedward all night, so made our way into the arena.


  Taylor Swift may have won for best artist, but I took the 'most improved' honours back in 2010. I'll let that speak for itself.


  Benson Boone opened the show with his ever-so-popular Beautiful Things, getting the show off to a triumphant start. The forever iconic Happy Mondays star Bez then accosted Boone during an interview with Rita Ora.


    Backstage photo from the EMAs in Manchester on Sunday 😎
    .
    Shaun and Bez with Neil and Chris from Pet Shop Boys 🎵
    .
    Photo: Thomas Stone
    (Reposted from @petshopboys Instagram)
    .#ShaunRyder #SWR #Bez #PetShopBoys #EMAs #Manchester #PetText pic.twitter.com/5i0GNvzpnu


  "I was so blown away by that performance, mate," he told the singer.


  "When you came down on that shiny piano, I thought, 'Elton John is going to be so gutted.'"


  At this point, we spotted our new best mates near us. Jedward were like two naughty Irish Pac-Men, shifting from seat to seat and row to row taking photos with adoring fans and getting glitter everywhere. God love um, they were brilliant.


  And from then on, the night went from strength to strength.


  Rap legend Busta Rhymes was there to receive a global icon award, he paid tribute to Benny Hill: "Benny Hill is still our favourite to this day. I don't think anybody has as ever been as funny or as charismatic as Benny Hill."


    .@RitaOra remembers her friend, Liam Payne ❤️ #MTVEMAs pic.twitter.com/pmHv9dct9B


  But perhaps the most poignant moment of the evening came when Rita Ora paid tribute to her friend, Liam Payne, who sadly died in a tragic fall last month.


  Payne won 12 MTV EMAs during his time in One Direction, and later used the ceremony to launch his solo career, performing his global smash hit Strip That Down in 2017.


  "There were so many ways that we were talking about honouring him," she said. "But sometimes simply speaking is enough."


  Addressing the camera directly, she shared her memories of the 31-year-old, as her voice cracked.


  "Liam Payne was one of the kindest people that I knew," she said. "He brought so much joy to every room he walked into. And he left such a mark on this world."


  I think the Pet Shop Boys deserve a special mention as well. I knew they would be, but they were by far my favourite act of the night. The old guard showing the youngsters that they've still got a lot to prove.


    What's always on my mind? Our Pop Pioneers, @petshopboys, and their unforgettable #MTVEMA performance! ❤️ pic.twitter.com/sslAHwYm5Y


  Oh, how could I forget, Liam Gallagher. The hometown hero who took home Best Rock Act.


  If you were lucky enough to secure Oasis tickets, then I suggest you get booking now. Global searches for hotels in Manchester are up 625% for the dates when the faces of Britpop arrive in the city between 11 and 20 July 2025, according to Hotels.com. 


Recommended reading:


Expedia reveals top 10 trending detour destinations for 2025


Bridgerton, Game of Throne and Harry Potter UK set tours


The 11 weirdest items left in hotel rooms revealed


  I'll be truthfully honest, the night starts to get somewhat hazy here, as it did 14 years ago (thank you Bob for sorting us all those crates of Carling).


  As my friend was driving, we opted to drive to the venue rather than get the coach with everyone else. In a sense, I regret this, because we lost a bit of that MTV magic along the way.


  We were the first to arrive so looked unbelievably keen. We had a boogie, had several margaritas, and ate our body weight in pulled pork baps.


  And here endeth the night.


  It was a fantastic experience and one that I will never forget, and have Hotels.com to thank entirely. Till next time? MTV?


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.