Chappell Roan performs during the first weekend of the Austin City Limits Music Festival on Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, at Zilker Metropolitan Park in Austin, Texas.Jack Plunkett/Invision/AP
Last Tuesday, Chappell Roan returned to the stage after canceling her All Things Go Festival appearance the day before she was scheduled to perform. 
"Things have gotten overwhelming over the past few weeks and I am really feeling it. I feel pressures to prioritize a lot of things right now and I need a few days to prioritize my health. I want to be present when I perform and give the best shows possible,” she wrote in an Instagram story explaining her cancelation.
Her three final solo headlining stops on “The Midwest Princess Tour,” which kicked off back on September 20, 2023, were played back-to-back in Franklin, Rogers and Council Bluffs last week — likely marking the end of smaller venue shows for the artist who drew in the largest Lollapolza crowd in the history of the festival over the summer.
Roan followed up her solo concerts with a headlining performance at weekend one of the Austin City Limits Music Festival (ACL) on Sunday. She played to her usual sizeable crowd, performing fan favorites like “Hot To Go!,” “Red Wine Supernova,” “Good Luck, Babe!,” “Pink Pony Club” and a cover of Heart’s “Barracuda.”
Now, she has one final tour date scheduled for weekend two of the festival, where she’ll perform on Sunday, October 13, at the American Express stage at 6:45 p.m.
Given Roan’s candid struggles with her sudden fame, it seems unlikely that fans will see the singer on the road again anytime soon.
This weekend will be fans’ last chance to see Roan perform live for the foreseeable future, so now’s the chance to secure last-minute tickets to catch her set at ACL weekend two.
Tickets can be purchased online through secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, which offer verified tickets with buyer guarantees.
Here’s a look at the best prices available:
3-day weekend pass:
Sunday, October 13:
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change and additional fees.
Can’t get enough live music? Roan isn’t the only artist on tour. Check out how to get tickets to Oasis, Kylie Minogue, Sabrina Carpenter, Taylor Swift and Billie Eilish.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices