Just days after her big Grammy win, Colombian music star Karol G continues her rise as Billboard has named her its Woman of the Year. She will receive her award during the Billboard Women in Music Awards, which will happen on March 6 but will be streamed on March 7.
Billboard stated on its official website, "After a year of career-defining moments, including a history-making album, a momentous stadium tour, headlining Lollapalooza and her first Grammy win, Karol G has been named Billboard's 2024 Woman of the Year."
Billboard announced the event will be presented by Marriott Bonvoy, at the YouTube Theater at Hollywood Park in Los Angeles, California. As the recipient of the award, Karol G will also have her own special performance at the awards show.
The event is expected to feature A-list celebrities, creators, and executives who will all be recognized for their contributions to the industry. It will be hosted by award-winning actor Tracee Ellis Ross.
"With her immense talent, Karol G has created a movement for women across the globe due to her empowering lyrics and inspiring confidence," said the executive director of Billboard, Hannah Karp. "The release of her groundbreaking album Mañana Será Bonito has proven her a force to be reckoned with in both the English and Spanish charts. We are so excited to honor her as Woman of the Year."
READ MORE :
Selena Gomez Sets Record Straight About Rumors of Her Gossiping About Kylie Jenner With Taylor Swift
The award places the Colombian singer in the company of music legends such as Lady Gaga and Taylor Swift, who have previously won the award themselves. This is thanks to her stellar year, where she is seen to have changed the perceptions of reggaetón and Latin hip-hop as exclusively "men's music," even becoming the first woman to win the best música urbana award.
"You know, I feel a lot of responsibility about that. As a woman, I have to say, like in my experience, it was tough, like so many things, to be a girl in this industry, in the music that I do, in urban music," she said in an interview with the Associated Press.
Previous winners include Madonna, Cardi B, Billie Eilish, Selena Gomez, and Ariana Grande, placing Karol G in very elite company with her win.
Karol G is getting noticed a lot these days, especially during the Grammy Awards, where Oprah and her BFF, Gayle King, were seen enjoying themselves as the Colombian won her first Grammy, according to Deadline.
Oprah and Gayle were seen enjoying themselves as Maluma and Christina Aguilera handed Karol G the award. Legendary actress Meryl Streep was also seen applauding the Colombian for her achievement.
Oprah and Gayle vibing to Karol G winning her first Grammy#GRAMMYs pic.twitter.com/8x2t9nWMvL
Read also:
Emmy Awards 2024: 'Succession,' 'The Bear' Remain Dominant in Awards Show Hauls
This article is owned by Latin Post.
Written by: Rick Martin
WATCH: KAROL G - QUE CHIMBA DE VIDA (Lyric Video) - KAROL G
Sign up for our free newsletter for the Latest coverage!