By 

	Larisha Paul


Billie Eilish fans in Los Angeles and New York will fill up arenas on May 15 and May 16 for special listening parties in celebration of her forthcoming studio album Hit Me Hard and Soft, out May 17. Listeners in other cities — or those who couldn’t grab a pair of tickets for the sold-out Kia Forum and Barclays Center events — will still be able to experience the album in full along with a visual component at their local AMC movie theater. 

	Eilish’s Hit Me Hard and Soft listening parties will be presented by Apple Music in theaters across North America on May 16 and 17. The album will be played in Dolby Cinema. Tickets for the events are available for purchase now for $5 each with a portion of proceeds benefiting the AMC Cares Charitable Fund. 

	Theaters in 43 cities will host the listening parties including Atlanta, Kansas City, Los Angeles, Orlando, Raleigh, Tulsa, San Francisco, Seattle, San Diego, Phoenix, Norfolk, New York, Miami, and more. 

Hit Me Hard and Soft is less than two weeks away and Eilish has kept most details about the sound of the record under wraps. “I wanna give it to you all at once,” she wrote on Instagram about her decision not to release any lead singles. “Finneas and I truly could not be more proud of this album and we absolutely can’t wait for you to hear it.”

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Eilish is holding the album close, having told Rolling Stone in a recent cover story that the record represented “the best time of my life,” adding: “This whole process has felt like I’m coming back to the girl that I was. I’ve been grieving her. I’ve been looking for her in everything, and it’s almost like she got drowned by the world and the media. I don’t remember when she went away.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.