The sibling duo also cried from spice overload while competing against each other on Hot Ones Versus.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	In between being hit hard and soft — but mostly hard — by varying levels of spiciness on First We Feast’s latest Hot Ones Versus episode Tuesday (July 9), Billie Eilish and Finneas opened up about disagreements they had while making the former’s new album Hit Me Hard and Soft together.

	“He’s a lot of times barefoot, a lot of the times in very filthy shoes,” the 22-year-old singer began, miming how her older brother would put his feet up on the sound board right in front of her. “My face is right there. And actually we filmed so much in making the album that almost all the footage is his feet and then me.”

	










	That said, the 26-year-old producer revealed that another conflict during the album-recording process takes the cake. “I think the longest, biggest argument was during a period of transition in maybe both of our lives where we were just trying to be kind of honest,” he shared as his younger sister nodded in agreement. “To give [Billie] credit, I was very much high and mighty about, like, ‘You’re not being honest or authentic enough.'” 




			Trending on Billboard		






	“So I learned a lot from being too egocentric in that process,” Finneas added. 

	As the duo braved increasingly spicy vegan chicken wings — which caused them both to get progressively sweaty and tear up — Billie and Finneas also took turns answering questions about their childhood fears (Star Trek‘s Salt Monster and parents turning into pigs in Spirited Away, respectively) and their love for their Barbie soundtrack contribution “What Was I Made For?” At one point, the elder sibling revealed which star he never wants to produce for ever again — although the name was bleeped out — while the “Lunch” singer rated some of her old outfits but refused to rank her idols Tyler, the Creator, Lana Del Rey, Justin Bieber and Childish Gambino.

	The pair have previously opened up about butting heads while making their third studio album together, telling Apple Music 1‘s Zane Lowe in May that they clashed over how vulnerable Billie was willing to be in their songwriting sessions. “I was like, ‘Subject-wise, I’m not being led into what you’re actually feeling, and I think that there are real guards up,'” Finneas recalled telling his sister at the time. 

	They also reached a boiling point when Finneas temporarily felt like he no longer wanted to make music. “It was very interesting because I saw myself in that,” Billie added to Lowe. “I was like, ‘I have felt that way and you have always been the thing that keeps the ship moving, and now you feel that way. What does that mean for us? And what are we going to do?”

	










	Watch Billie and Finneas on Hot Ones Versus above.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.