By AMELIA WYNNE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  17:42, 28 January 2024   |  Updated:  17:50, 28 January 2024   
 35
View  comments
The Dancing On Ice contestants will take on Movie Week on Sunday night's upcoming show.
An exclusive first look shared with MailOnline showed the stars dressed up in their outfits including Love Island star Amber Davies as Barbie.
The reality star, 27, put on a leggy display in a pink mini dress as she posed up a storm backstage ahead of skating to What Was I Made For? by Billie Eilish.
She donned a blonde wig and pink makeup as she transformed into the doll played by Margot Robbie in last summer's hit film.
Elsewhere Brookside's Claire Sweeney, 52, channeled Cruella De Vil from the film 101 Dalmatians.
The Dancing On Ice contestants will take on Movie Week on Sunday night's upcoming show, including Love Island's Amber Davies as Barbie, an exclusive first look has revealed 
Elsewhere Brookside's Claire Sweeney, 52, channeled Cruella De Vil from the film 101 Dalmatians in her ensemble 
She wore the classic black and white wig with a glamorous red dress and black lace gloves ahead of her skate to Cruella De Vil by Dr John
Also gearing up was ski jumper Eddie the Eagle whose movie is Austin Powers. He is skating to Soul Bossa Nova by Quincy Jones.
He wore the classic velvet suit and white shirt and posed in his ginger wig and thick black glasses.
Dancing On Ice have teased there will be a huge twist in store ahead of this weekend's live show. 
The ITV competition returned to screens two weeks ago and fans have already seen Ricky Hatton and his partner Robin Johnstone be eliminated after battling it out against Lou Sanders and Brendyn Hatfield. 
However, this weekend producers have scrapped the dreaded skate-off in a format shake-up, MailOnline can exclusively reveal. 
It will mean the stars will not have a last chance to be saved by judges Oti Mabuse, Jayne Torvill, Christopher Dean and Ashley Banjo
The judges' scores and the public's votes will instead be combined, with the lowest ranking couple overall being eliminated from the show. 
Also gearing up was ski jumper Eddie the Eagle whose movie is Austin Powers. He is skating to Soul Bossa Nova by Quincy Jones
Dancing On Ice have teased there will be a huge twist in store ahead of this weekend's live show (hosts Stephen Mulhern and Holly Willoughby pictured last week)
A representative from ITV confirmed to MailOnline: 'This weekend we don't have a skate-off at the end of the show. 
'Whoever is at the bottom after the judges scores and viewers votes will leave the competition.'
It comes after host Holly Willoughby received warm praise last Sunday evening after debuting a sleek new look for the second instalment of ITV talent show. 
Willoughby is back on mainstream TV for the first time since withdrawing from public life after an alleged plot to kidnap and murder the mother-of-three was exposed in October. 
Joined by new co-host Stephen Mulhern, the presenter, 42, was at her effervescent best while embracing the current trend for pink in an elegant off-the-shoulder dress. 
But viewers were equally impressed with her new hairstyle; a notably sleeker bob that appeared to be at odds with the tousled look she showed off during the show's initial launch. 
Taking to X, formerly Twitter, one enthusiastic fan wrote: 'Has Holly's hair ever been this short (or straight) before?' 
The same follower later added: 'Not sure how much shorter she could go from here!' 
A third wrote: 'Saw the end and had to look twice at Holly Willoughby - is it me or does she look different?' 
Evidently in agreement, a fourth Dancing On Ice viewer shared a photo of the presenter's new look, captioning the post: 'Stunning.' 
While Willoughby's latest appearance proved to be a hit with fans, viewing figures remained low after launch night drew in its lowest ever ratings. 
An average 3.8million viewers tuned in to watch Ricky become the first celebrity to leave after losing the first skate-off of the series. 
The figure is a slight improvement on launch night, which drew in just 3.6 million.
In comparison the launch was watched by 4.1 million in 2023 and 4.3 million in 2022. 2021's opening show saw 5.4 million tuning in while 2020's figure was 5.1 million.
On Sunday evening Willoughby stunned in a chic maxi dress which detailed an animated bow on her shoulder, while she teamed her look with matching pink nails and a sleek new hairstyle.
The TV presenter captioned her post: 'On Sundays we wear pink! @DancingOnIce 6:30pm on @itv… see you soon'.
Willoughby recently shared a poignant post about 'blossoming in dark times' after making her TV comeback the ITV show.
The presenter had been absent from screens for more than two months before returning to co-host the ITV skating competition alongside Stephen Mulhern.
This weekend producers have scrapped the dreaded skate-off in a format shake-up, MailOnline can exclusively reveal, meaning contestants cannot be saved by the judges
Her lifestyle brand Wylde Moon shared an Instagram post about 'resilience, strength' and 'blossoming in dark times'.
Posting a picture of a moonflower on their Stories, the caption read: 'The moonflower has become a symbol of blossoming in dark times.
'These fragrant, white flowers have evolved over millions of years to open only at night and their ethereal, nocturnal beauty is a powerful symbol of how resilience, strength and growth can flourish during the darkest and most challenging moments.'
Dancing on Ice will air at 6:20pm on ITV1 and ITVX.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group