"That's the voice of our generation, the voice of your generation," Del Rey said. "I'm so f---ing grateful she's standing next to me right now." 
Sydney Bucksbaum is a writer at Entertainment Weekly covering all things pop culture – but TV is her one true love. She currently lives in Los Angeles but grew up in Chicago so please don't make fun of her accent when it slips out.
 Lana Del Rey only had "Ocean Eyes" for Billie Eilish at Coachella 2024.

 During her Friday night headlining set at the music festival, the "Summertime Sadness" singer brought out the young "What Was I Made For?" Oscar winner for a surprise appearance. As the pair performed a magical duet of Eilish's "Ocean Eyes," the crowd screamed.

Coachella
 After the song ended, Del Rey raved about Eilish. "That's the voice of our generation, the voice of your generation," Del Rey said. "I'm so f---ing grateful she's standing next to me right now, singing my favorite song of hers."

 Eilish smiled at the praise and then playfully joked, "Get the f--- out of my face!" before the two started laughing.

 Then it was Eilish's turn to pay tribute to the headliner who inspired her.

 "This is the reason for half of you bitches' existence, including mine!" Eilish declared into the microphone. "Lana Del Rey, you guys, come on!"

 The singers then performed a duet of Del Rey's "Video Games," off her 2012 debut studio album, Born to Die.

 Watch Entertainment Weekly's video of the duet below.

 Del Rey also brought out her past collaborators Jon Batiste and Jack Antonoff during her set. Batiste sang with her and played the piano on their track "Candy Necklace," from 2023's Did You Know That There's a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd, while she pole-danced, and Antonoff came on stage while a hologram of Del Rey sang "Hope Is a Dangerous Thing for a Woman Like Me to Have — But I Have It," from her 2019 album, Norman F---ing Rockwell.

 Both men will perform their own sets later this weekend, but Eilish is not billed on the Coachella 2024 lineup.

 Not attending the fest in person? Catch all the 2024 Coachella acts you'll want to see in real time on its official livestream.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)