Manage your account
“American Idol” judge Katy Perry isn’t worried about showing favoritism on what is potentially her last season on the ABC reality TV singing competition. During Sunday night’s episode, the “Firework” singer let it be known that she hopes Abi Carter goes all the way on Season 22. The 21-year-old Platinum Ticket winner sang “Oceans (Where Feet May Fail)” by Hillside UNITED for her Top 24 performance, earning a standing ovation from the judges.
“I don’t know if I’m allowed to say it, but you’re my favorite,” Katy said while shrugging her shoulders. “I just think you are so gifted. When you first came to us you sang a Billie Eilish song and it was just like, oh my gosh, you can do a Hillside song? This is our third time hearing you sing. The second time you could barely make a note out. So, really this is like the second time we’ve heard you sing and I’m just so glad it reminded me of the angel that you are.”
More from GoldDerby
'American Idol' Top 24: Who gave the best performance from Night 1 in Hawaii? [POLL]
'American Idol 22' episode 8 recap: The Top 24 perform for America's vote - Part 1 [Live Blog]
'American Idol' Top 24: Who is singing Sunday, April 7 and how to vote for your favorite
SEE ‘American Idol’: Abi Carter receives second Platinum Ticket for Season 22 [WATCH]
Abi struggled with bronchitis during her Hollywood Week performance of “If I Could Turn Back Time” by Cher, but she was back in top form in Hawaii. Luke Bryan said, “That was kind of like an experience. We saw you start at the piano. We saw you navigate that. We saw you and the background singers have the moment. We saw you hit the big notes. You’re definitely one of the front-runners and one of the favorites.”
Guest judge Tori Kelly added, “I’m shaking for you. I’m rooting for you so hard. I feel like a performance is all about creating moments and you did exactly that.” Lionel Richie agreed, stating, “You had us all holding our breath. They were in the palm of your hand. Vote everybody!”
Sunday’s episode featured 12 of the Top 24 contestants competing this season. The other 12 will take the stage from Aulani, a Disney Resort and Spa in Ko Olina Hawaii on Monday, April 8. The Top 20 will be announced on Sunday, April 14. Do you think Abi will go all the way this year? Make your predictions now in Gold Derby’s predictions center.
Be sure to make your predictions to influence our reality TV racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next episode airs on ABC. You’ll compete to win eternal bragging rights and a spot on our “American Idol” leaderboard. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our reality TV forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
Best of GoldDerby
'Survivor 46' screen time by castaway: Who has the most after 13 days?
‘Scoop’ star Billie Piper: ‘The whole thing was just a gift as an actor’ [Exclusive Video Interview]
'Curb Your Enthusiasm' series finale: How to watch or stream
Sign up for Gold Derby's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
Click here to read the full article.