To read this article, you must have a Bravo subscription.
Teresa Giudice's daughter said goodbye to her sisters and family as she traded in her New Jersey roots for Florida to attend the University of Tampa.
Teresa Giudice and ex-husband Joe Giudice's daughter Milania Giudice has officially left home in New Jersey for college to attend the University of Tampa.
Watch The Real Housewives of New Jersey on Peacock and Bravo.  
Teresa's second youngest daughter, who practically grew up in front of viewers of The Real Housewives of New Jersey is finally trading in the Garden State for the Sunshine State. And while she might have some conflicting feelings about her big move to attend the University of Tampa (more on that later), Teresa could not be any excited for her daughter.
Teresa took to her Instagram Story on Thursday, Aug. 22, where she revealed that they were in the process of moving Milania to college. The mom of four captured a photo of the University of Tampa sign, where she tagged Milania and added a pink heart emoji.
Milania Giudice arriving to the University of Tampa posted to Teresa Giudice's Instagram Story.
It's all happening. And Milania's oldest sister Gia Giudice, who graduated from Rutgers University in 2023, provided her sister with some major assistance in the move-out process.
Gia took to her TikTok account where she posted a four minute video documenting Milania packing up for college. "Milania is leaving for Tampa in the morning and we are finalizing everything and packing all of her last-minute things right now," Gia said in the video starring Milania.
The sisters first went through Milania's closet, where they packed up all of the clothes she would need for college. This included dresses and plenty of bathing suits for soaking up the Florida sun. After goofing off a bit, things got serious when Milania realized she would be moving away from her beloved dog, Bella, and her sisters.
"Thanks to Gia, because without her I wouldn't have been all packed," Milania explained in the video about her emotional state.
Joe Giudice Shares an Unfortunate Update on His Bahamas Home: "I'm So Pissed"
Here's Proof Teresa Giudice's Daughters Are Each Other's Best Friends (PICS)
Gia even captured her heart-wrenching goodbye to Milania, as they hugged outside of the airport while they both cried. Her caption of the TikTok is just as sweet and sad. "I can't wait to watch you do amazing things and thrive at the University of Tampa!" Gia wrote in the caption of the post. "See you soon."
"Sobbing in the airport," Milania wrote in the comments.
Milania took to her own TikTok account, where she posted three separate videos documenting her own packing-up process. Mainly, she was documenting her last-minute cuddle sessions with Bella. In the first video, Milania captured Bella sitting on top of an open suitcase, filled with University of Tampa t-shirts. In the next video, Milania is on her bed while cuddling Bella and kissing her head. "Last morning cuddles for a while," Milania wrote in the caption of the post.
k soooooo bye?
In the last video, Milania, with a sad expression on her face, captured Gia walking into her bedroom as Bella lay in her bed with her. "K sooooooo bye?" Milania wrote in the caption of the video, set to Billie Eilish's "Birds of a Feather." 
Milania committed to the school earlier this year, after wanting to be a short flight away from her dad, who lives in the Bahamas. But, she's just a little unsure about what she wants to study at UT and what she wants to do for the rest of her life.
During a visit to Bravo headquarters on July 2, Teresa revealed that Milania had not yet decided on her college major. But, she did come to a realization about what she wanted to do for a living. 
"We were in Paris, and [Milania] was like, 'Mommy, I know you're famous, but I want to be so famous that I can't even sit here in this café right now,'" Teresa recalled about the exchange. "That's how famous I want to be."
Bravoholics are invited to take a trip to Miami for a party unlike any other! Bravo Fan Fest hits Miami on Saturday, November 23 for a one-day event featuring panels, activations, photo opps, and over 25 Bravolebs. Tickets are now on sale at www.BravoFanFest.com.
Plus, Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen is filming five shows from Miami on Thursday, November 21 and Friday, November 22, so now's your chance to make your Clubhouse debut. Buy tickets for WWHL in Miami now.
Xfinity is raising the bar. Stream your favorite shows with low lag for a smooth connection, even when everyone is online at once. You can even power hundreds of devices, so you never have to miss a moment.
Get news and updates about your favorite shows, plus 3 free credits to watch locked content.
Peacock is the streaming home of your favorite Bravo shows plus so much more.