By MADISON BURGESS 
 Published:  21:45, 12 October 2024   |  Updated:  22:43, 12 October 2024   
 46
View  comments
She previously dazzled the judges with her incredible leg action and was an early favourite from the beginning.
Now, Tasha Ghouri has earned the first 10 of the series for her phenomenal Coachella-themed Charleston - with not one, but three of the judges giving the Love Island star a perfect score on Saturday.
The blonde beauty, 26, performed the lively routine inspired by the American festival with her pro partner Aljaž Škorjanec, 34, for the fourth live show.
With almost no mistakes, the routine to Unhealthy by Anne-Marie and Shania Twain earned the duo an incredible score of 39, just one mark off a full house.
As the judges gave their comments, Motsi Mabuse gushed: 'One word - fabulous,' as Shirley Ballas added: 'What a night, what a way to end the show, truly professional. I can't fault it, well done.' 
Strictly's Tasha Ghouri earned the first 10 of the series during Saturday's live show for her phenomenal Coachella-themed Charleston
The blonde beauty, 26, performed the lively routine inspired by the American festival with her pro partner Aljaž Škorjanec, 34, for the fourth live show
Anton added: 'Well I was trying to look it and see, what didn't I like? What did I want to mark down? and I couldn't find anything, it was practically perfect.'
Finally Craig chimed in with: 'Your left foot missed two swivels but you know what - amazing.'
Motsi, Anton, and Shirley, all awarded their first perfect scores of the series to the pairing, with Craig giving them a nine. 
The former Love Islander got emotional as she revealed her mother was in the audience for the live show and got to witness her achievement.
Following the fourth live show, fans flocked to X to praise the reality star for her 'absolutely brilliant' dance, writing: 
'Tasha is the absolute most deserving of 3 10’s. she is BRILLIANT #strictly'
'Definitely saved the best dance til last can we just talk about this charleston from tasha and aljaz it was absolutely brilliant and fully deserved three tens from the judges #strictly'
'Ngl there is something so lovely about how much Tasha loves this show and then getting the first 10s #Strictly #StrictlyComeDancing'
With almost no mistakes, the routine to Unhealthy by Anne-Marie and Shania Twain earned the duo an incredible score of 39, just one mark off a full house
As the judges gave their comments, Motsi Mabuse gushed: 'One word - fabulous,' as Shirley Ballas added: 'What a night, what a way to end the show, truly professional. I can't fault it'
Anton added: 'Well I was trying to look it and see, what didn't I like? What did I want to mark down? and I couldn't find anything, it was practically perfect'
Motsi, Anton, and Shirley, all awarded their first perfect scores of the series to the pairing, with Craig giving them a nine
The former Love Islander got emotional as she revealed her mother was in the audience for the live show and got to witness her achievement
Following the fourth live show, fans flocked to X to have their say on the scoring
'Tasha blows me away every time, she always looks like she’s having the BEST time ever! #strictly'
'The first 39/40 of the series for Tasha & Aljaz! So well deserved that was INCREDIBLE!!!!!! #StrictlyComeDancing #Strictly'
'Oh my god tasha so amazing and so well deserved #StrictlyComeDancing #strictly' 
However, some users were left divided on what to think due to Tasha's dance background, writing: 
'Tasha’s scores SO predictable. It was a brilliant Charleston but no room for improvement for her now #Strictly'
'I love tasha and Aljaž but she does have a slight upper hand with being an experienced dancing etc. Still love her though regardless #Strictly #Strictlycomedancing'
'If its not obvious by now, 4 weeks in, Tasha is a trained professional. There is no journey here, she's just good and will be the whole way through....so Meh. #strictly'
'Tasha is undoubtedly a lovely, talented and gorgeous individual and dancer, but her 39 score left me emotionless. I was more chuffed at Paul and Pete smashing their quicksteps. And that is what #strictly is always about...the journey.' 
Elsewhere in the show, Nick Knowles, 62, admitted he 'thought his journey was over' after his knee injury
Taking to the floor with Luba Mushtuk, Nick performed his Paddington themed Charleston from Movie Week
Dedicating the dance to his 10-year-old son Eddie, judge Motsi Mabuse praised the star for his 'courageous return' as she confirmed 'your son will be proud'
Elsewhere in the show, Nick Knowles admitted he thought his Strictly journey was over as he returned to the dancefloor on Saturday night. 
While his future in the competition was left uncertain after he sustained an injury during training last week it was confirmed on Friday the DIY SOS star would be back to perform for week four.
Taking to the floor with his partner Luba Mushtuk, Nick performed his Paddington themed Charleston from Movie Week as production allowed him to carry his week three dance through after skipping last week's show.
Dedicating the dance to his 10-year-old son Eddie, judge Motsi Mabuse praised the star for his 'courageous return' as she confirmed 'your son will be proud.'
Speaking candidly to Claudia Winkleman after giving it his all on the dance floor, Nick admitted: 'This time last week I thought I was out so I am over the moon.'
Luba added: I am in absolute awe of this man and the determination. The fact that he has fallen in love with dancing is the most beautiful thing.'
Nick was told on Friday by medics he would be able take to the floor on Saturday to dance again, one week after the injury forced him to pull out of Movie Week.
And as he smiled alongside his partner Luba during the show's introduction, he looked delighted to be back on the floor.
Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec - Charleston to Unhealthy by Anne-Marie, Shania Twain - 39 
Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas - Salsa to Danza Kuduro by Don Omar ft. Lucenzo - 34
Wynne Evans and Katya Jones - Tango to Money, Money, Money by ABBA - 34
Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe - Viennese Waltz to Nobody Gets Me by SZA - 33
Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu - Cha Cha to Ain't No Love (Ain't No Use) by Sub Sub feat. Melanie Williams - 30
JB Gill and Amy Dowden - Rumba to You Might Need Somebody by Kara Marni - 30
Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell - Salsa to Down Under by Men At Work - 30
Pete Wicks and Jowitza Przystal - Quickstep to Town Called Malice by The Jam - 29
Sam Quek MBE and Nikita Kuzmin - Samba to Hips Don't Lie by Shakira - 28
Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola - Foxtrot to Birds Of A Feather by Billie Eilish - 27
Paul Merson and Karen Hauer - Quickstep to I Won't Dance by Fred Astaire - 23
Nick Knowles and Luba Mushtuk - Charleston to Rain on the Roof from Paddington 2  - 21
Punam Krishan and Gorka Marquez - Jive to 2 Be Loved (Am I Ready) by Lizzo - 20

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group