Last Sunday's Grammy Awards was a very big night for women, from Taylor Swift to Karol G to Miley Cyrus's big win. The ratings are now in, and it was revealed that it was a ratings success, as it received a big 34% rating across CBS, Paramount+, and other digital platforms from last year.
According to the Associated Press, the telecast of the awards show peaked with 18.25 million viewers during the In-Memoriam segment, which not only featured artists who passed away during the last year but also performances by Stevie Wonder, Annie Lennox, Jon Batiste, and Fantasia Barrino. This beats last year's 12.4 million people who tuned in to watch Harry Styles, Lizzo, and Bad Bunny's performance.
This also revealed a steady growth in viewership, with numbers rising to pre-pandemic levels after its big drop in 2021, garnering 8.8 million views, and in 2022, which just saw 8.9 million views. However, it was still a little but lower than 2020's, which had 18.7 million views.
Female artists were the biggest winners, including Karol G. who won Best Musica Urbana Album, the first woman to do so.
Meanwhile, Miley Cyrus's performance of "Flowers," which won this year's Record of the Year Grammy, attracted plenty of viewers, and so did Billie Eilish's performance of "What Was I Made For?" from "Barbie."
Finally, Taylor Swift won Album of the Year, her record fourth career Grammy for that award, for "Midnights."
It was pointed out that live viewership for television has declined across the board over the past few years, with streaming becoming more and more popular. However, the only one that went against this trend is pro football, with the NFL consistently drawing people to watch its games live on TV.
READ MORE :
Selena Gomez Sets Record Straight About Rumors of Her Gossiping About Kylie Jenner With Taylor Swift
Much like previous Grammy Awards, this year also had plenty of surprises, with 34-year-old Victoria Monét going away with three Grammy Awards after she tied for second most of any artist for number of nominations at seven. She won Best R&B Album and Best Engineered Album, but her biggest one is the Best New Artist Award, which many criticized as she has already been an artist for several years now.
Meanwhile, despite her precarious condition, Celine Dion appeared during the awarding ceremony, as she was the mystery presenter for the final award of the night.
The Canadian singer was diagnosed with stiff person syndrome, a neurological disorder that can cause muscle stiffness and painful spasms, according to Biography. She canceled her Courage World Tour in May 2023 because of her condition.
One of the biggest surprises was when Jay-Z won the Dr. Dre Global Impact Award. While his winning was not a surprise itself, his speech was as he slammed the Recording Academy for its glass ceilings and other missteps, according to NPR.
Jay-Z said that the Recording Academy never awarded his wife, Beyonce, Album of the Year.
"Some of y'all don't belong in the category," adding, "When I get nervous, I tell the truth," he said.
Read also:
Emmy Awards 2024: 'Succession,' 'The Bear' Remain Dominant in Awards Show Hauls 
This article is owned by Latin Post.
Written by: Rick Martin
WATCH: Grammys 2024 Moments You Can't Miss | OSSA 
Sign up for our free newsletter for the Latest coverage!