Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Tasha Ghouri and her dance partner Aljaz Skorjanec have been lighting up the Strictly dancefloor each week with their stunning performances. During the much-anticipated Movie Week, the duo soared to the top of the leaderboard with a score of 34 out of 40. 
Tasha, Love Island's first-ever deaf contestant, and Aljaz delivered an emotive rumba to Billie Eilish's What Was I Made For? from the Barbie film, marking Aljaz's return to the beloved series after a two-year break. Yet viewers have been left scratching their heads after an apparently huge change to the live shows - noticing that Tasha stands the opposite side to Aljaz than all of the other contestants and their professional partners when being interviewed by hosts Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman. Tasha seemingly addressed why she stands furthest away from Strictly host Tess when she awaits her comments from the judges following her performance during a recent social media revelation.
She clarified online: "There will be times when people talk behind me, I wouldn't know they're talking to me. If you're stood on my left side as well, that's why on Strictly everyone's more on my right so I can hear better."
Then on a Strictly Come Dancing social media forum, the reason for the change was detailed as one fan admitted their confusion. One user asked: "Question - after dancing, both on the floor and in the auditorium and on Strictly It Takes Two, it's always professional on the left, star on the right. Why does Alijaz always stand the opposite way round?"
Tasha's fans responded, with one sharing: "So that Tasha can hear through her cochlea implant." While another added: "It's to do with Tasha's cochlear implant. So it's her best side."
Tasha received an overwhelming outpouring of love and compliments following her recent post. Fans showed their admiration, with one user gushing: "This was super interesting and informative! you are so inspiring! good luck for the rest of strictly, will be voting for you to get to the final."
Another enthused: "This was incredible, and so so interesting! Thank you so much." Meanwhile, one fan was amazed: "This has totally blown my mind! What an amazing device. Thank you for explaining it so well! Good luck on Strictly you're smashing it."
While another user expressed gratitude: "Thank you, this is SO enlightening. And btw, you are such a beautiful dancer," and one fan praised: "Such an inspiration well done."
But it's not just her dazzling routines that have caught attention; Tasha has been candid about her journey as a deaf individual with a cochlear implant. 
She recently responded to her fans' most pressing queries on her social media by sharing weekly videos where she decorates her cochlear implant to coordinate with her Strictly ensembles.
"I've had a lot of questions on how a cochlear implant works, what it is and I've tried to keep it short and concise with as much information to help you understand what it is," Tasha told her 1.4 million fans. She continued, emphasizing that "Everyone's experience is different with cochlear implants - I'm speaking from my own experience," and concluded with an open invitation: "Hope this helps and anymore questions please ask away."
 Tasha opened up about how wearing her implant can get quite overwhelming at times, particularly when she's overstimulated or battling headaches. She's had to learn to navigate life without conventional hearing - for instance, using a vibrating alarm clock to ensure she wakes up on schedule, reports the Manchester Evening News. 
Reflecting on her stint in Strictly, Tasha mentioned: "When it comes to music, for example when I did Barbie, the piano sound was so gentle, there was no beats or base and the way I hear music is by feeling the music. That's why it was such a challenge doing the Barbie song."
She also discussed the unique way she experiences music due to her hearing difference, explaining, "When there's loud drums, I can really feel that in my body and that's how I can feel my musicality, that's how my musicality comes through. So I hear different to other people and from people I've spoken to with cochlear implants or hearing aids, they feel the same sensations when it comes to music."