e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
I don’t remember how many times I have asked that question. No one has ever said, “No.” The result is a small booklet that is a storehouse full of memories. Many names in my autograph book were collected from family members and friends, from concerts, political rallies and sporting events, as well as from visitors to the University of Colorado campus.  
Ralph Nadar, Robert Redford, Ruth Wright, Sir Edmund Hillary, John Kerry, Bill McKibben and others gave me autographs from brief, unexpected meetings. Gathering autographs can be traced back to the Greeks who valued the practice and coined the word, “autographon” which means, “written in one’s own hand.” In the 18th and 19th centuries, European students would collect autographs to commemorate their time at the university. Signing a high school or college yearbook is commonplace. Selfies and other social media options appear to be another form of capturing an important event or recording a unique encounter. Many people have Facebook, Snapchat and Instagram and can write on each other’s pictures so there is less novelty for signing books. 
My earliest signature collection goes back to when my uncle in Washington, D.C., sent me a train ticket to visit him in the nation’s capital. As a twelve-year-old boy from Green Bay, Wisconsin, my uncle took me to the Senate Office Building with my autograph book in hand. We were hoping to find my Wisconsin senator in his office. By chance, he was in and on page six of my autograph book he scrawled, “Joe McCarthy.” At the time, I had no idea he suspected there were communists that infiltrated universities and federal agencies. This became known as the “Red Scare.” 
On later pages, I have the handwriting of more contemporary political figures such as Tim Wirth, David Skaggs, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. and John Lewis, (the late Civil Rights activist and Congressman from Georgia). 
Autograph books may have fallen out of popularity over the years. Some musicians and other celebrity entertainers refuse to give autographs including Billie Eilish, Greta Garbo, Steve Martin, William Shatner, Cameron Diaz and Paul McCartney. I have read that some individuals are reluctant to give autographs because there are professional autograph collectors who hope to sell the signatures of famous people. Taylor Swift reportedly said, “I haven’t been asked for an autograph since the invention of the iPhone with a front-facing camera. The only memento ‘kids these days’ want is a selfie.” 
As I look back through the dozens of old autographs I feel a momentary connection to the past and to places and people I never expected to know even for a few brief moments. When the author adds a little poem or an endearing or inspiring phrase, that handwritten note takes on a special meaning. Sometimes it is meant as a challenge, for example: “Raise more Hell!, Best Wishes, Mollie Ivins,” or John Felder’s, “Forever Wilderness.” Two favorites, “Keep the Faith, John Lewis 8-26-08” and “Green for All! Make Boulder a Shining Beacon for our Nation. Von Jones 3-2-11” 
The most memorable event in my autograph book experience took place when I returned to Wisconsin from my Washington, D.C., visit. I lost my autograph booklet on the train. I did not have my own name or address in the book. The elevator operator from my uncle’s apartment building inscribed this note: “Down by the river carved on a rock, these little words, ‘Forget me not.’ Alamaree H. Chandler, Elevator Operator, Harvard Hall apt. 1650 Harvard St. Washington, NW.” Her address was the only address in the entire memory album. Fourteen years later through the efforts of several people — all of whom signed the book — it was miraculously returned to me. 
If any reader happens to have an autograph book with special memories, I encourage you to inscribe your name and email address just in case you lose it. 
Spense Havlick is a former member of the Daily Camera Editorial Advisory Board and a former Boulder City council member. Email: Havlick@colorado.edu.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group