Billie Eilish’s “Hit Me Hard and Soft: The Tour” is coming to Chicago, Illinois on Wednesday for two straight nights at the United Center.
Shop on Vivid Seats, SeatGeek, StubHub, and Ticketmaster.
Billie Eilish arrives at the 35th annual Palm Springs International Film Festival Awards Gala on Thursday, Jan. 4, 2024, in Palm Springs, Calif.Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP
Nine-time Grammy-winning pop artist Billie Eilish is touring in support of her May 2024 album, “Hit Me Hard and Soft,” which features her latest big hits “BIRDS OF A FEATHER,” “WILDFLOWER,” “CHIHIRO,” and “LUNCH.” Tonight, the tour takes on Xcel Energy Center in Saint Paul, Minnesota before heading to the United Center in Chicago, Illinois on Wednesday and Thursday, November 13 and 14. Eilish is then scheduled to appear at venues in Omaha, Denver, Seattle, and more before wrapping up the North American in December leg with five nights at the Kia Forum in Inglewood, California.
Last-minute tickets are still available from $241 each on SeatGeek. And, through November 12, purchase tickets via SeatGeek and save $10 on any $250+ order with code VETERANS10.
Wed, Nov 13 — Vivid Seats from $244 | SeatGeek from $241 | StubHub from $226 | Ticketmaster from $441.05
Thurs, Nov 14 — Vivid Seats from $247 | SeatGeek from $243 | StubHub from $257 | Ticketmaster from $227.13
Mon, Nov 11 — Xcel Energy Center; Saint Paul, MN Get Tickets
Wed, Nov 13 — United Center; Chicago, IL Get Tickets
Thu, Nov 14 — United Center; Chicago, IL Get Tickets
Sat, Nov 16 — T-Mobile Center; Kansas City, MO Get Tickets
Sun, Nov 17 — CHI Health Center Omaha; Omaha, NE Get Tickets
Tue, Nov 19 — Ball Arena; Denver, CO Get Tickets
Wed, Nov 20 — Ball Arena; Denver, CO Get Tickets
Tue, Dec 3 — Rogers Arena; Vancouver, BC, CA Get Tickets
Thu, Dec 5 — Climate Pledge Arena; Seattle, WA Get Tickets
Fri, Dec 6 — Climate Pledge Arena; Seattle, WA Get Tickets
Sun, Dec 8 — Moda Center; Portland, OR Get Tickets
Tue, Dec 10 — SAP Center; San Jose, CA Get Tickets
Wed, Dec 11 — SAP Center; San Jose, CA Get Tickets
Fri, Dec 13 — Desert Diamond Arena; Glendale, AZ Get Tickets
Sun, Dec 15 — Kia Forum; Inglewood, CA Get Tickets
Mon, Dec 16 — Kia Forum; Inglewood, CA Get Tickets
Tue, Dec 17 — Kia Forum; Inglewood, CA Get Tickets
Fri, Dec 20 — Kia Forum; Inglewood, CA Get Tickets
Sat, Dec 21 — Kia Forum; Inglewood, CA Get Tickets
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices