Strictly Come Dancing has shared a brief Nick Knowles update after fans were questioning his omission from the latest news about the next live show.
The DIY SOS star was forced to pull out of last Saturday night's (October 5) live Movie Week show due to injury. The news was confirmed just over 24 hours before week three of the BBC One dance contest gets underway.
A Srictly spokesperson said last Friday (October 4) "Unfortunately, Nick Knowles sustained an injury during rehearsals and as a result, will not dance this weekend. As per the rules of the competition, Nick and Luba will receive a bye through to next week when he is hopefully able to dance again. Everyone at Strictly Come Dancing wishes Nick a speedy recovery."
READ MORE: Gemma Atkinson supports Janette Manrara and Aljaz Skorjanec after huge joint announcement
Nick later appeared on Strictly spin-off It Takes Two, Nick with his professional dance partner Luba Mushtuk as he shared details of the injury he sustained during his final rehearsals of the week.
Nick said: "During our rehearsal today… unfortunately, I damaged my knee and it’s quite painful. So the physios have decided I need to go for a MRI," before Luba added: "Unfortunately, we will not be dancing tomorrow but we really, really hope that the knee will be better for next week and we’ll be back on the dancefloor. Fingers crossed, we really hope that we’ll be back and see you guys very soon."
Nick, 62, who was due to perform a Charleston to Rain on the Roof from Paddington 2, concluded: "Even if we have to glitter up the crutches, I am determined to get back and try and dance for you next week."
Later, as Saturday's Movie Week live show took place, Nick posted an update to his fans as he sat at home cheering on his fellow celeb contestants. Sharing a photo of himself dressed up in a smart black suit with his knee strapped up in a black support, Nick said he was 'gutted' not to be dancing.
"Gutted not to be out there with everyone tonight on the @bbcstrictly dance floor, but still suited up and cheering them on from the sofa!" he told his fans as a pair of crutches could also be seen propped up on the sofa next to him.
On Wednesday (October 9), Strictly took to its social media channels to reveal the next routines set to be performed in the ballroom with Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola set to perform a Foxtrot to Birds Of A Feather by Billie Eilish while JB Gill and Amy Dowden wll dance the Rumba to You Might Need Somebody by Kara Marni.
The caption of the post read: "It’s Week Four, and we know you want more! Here are the routine reveals for this week," before adding of Nick: "We will update with more news on Nick when we have it."
But fans were quick to spot his omission from the list of routines set for this weekend and took to the comments section.
@xxrhiannon.kellyxx said: "No Nick?!" @kimbellantiques asked: "Where's Nick.???" @iamsophietay posted: "Does that mean Nick isn't dancing again? Oh nooo." @jaden.mcl added: "Really hope @nickknowles can come back but a knee injury is tricky. He was someone I was really looking forward to seeing so it’s a shame he’s been beset by injuries!"
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.