The world's golden girl may have met her match in the form of Billie Eilish - and it appears there is Bad Blood.
In recent weeks, rumours have been swirling suggesting there is a behind-the-scenes rift between Taylor Swift and Billie, with eagle-eyed fans highlighting a series of perceived digs between the two mega popstars.
Speaking to DailyMail.com, a source has stated: "Industry insiders aren't blind to the fact that Taylor is weaponizing her fans and that Billie appears to be the latest victim in that campaign."
The insider boldly stated that when the Cruel Summer hitmaker "feels jealous of a peer's success," she does everything "she can to make sure her fans start vicious online campaigns to bring that person down without ever telling them to stop. 
"And all while operating under the guise of being America's sweetheart," the insider added.
  READ MORE    Taylor Swift issues apology as she halts show and says 'that's never happened'  
The Express has reached out to Taylor's reps for comment.
However, is Taylor actually holding a grudge against Billie, or is it just a healthy battle to the top of the charts? 
These bombshell claims come on the heels of both Taylor, 34, and Billie, 22, releasing new albums in recent months, sparking a fierce battle to secure that top spot on the charts.
As the race to the top continues, Billie is said to be the focus of so-called sneaky jibes by Taylor's diehard fanbase online.
While Taylor's latest drop, The Tortured Poets Department has maintained the No.1 position on Billboard's album rankings since its release on April 19, some critics have suggested that she has only kept it there by periodically releasing variant and extended editions to keep sales and streaming figures high.
Billie appeared to take a swipe at Taylor, who in total has now put out over 20 variants of TTPD, by calling her "wasteful" after she dropped two of these "special" editions the same day as Billie released her new album Hit Me Hard and Soft last month.
This remark was seen as an attempt to trample the competition by many fans.
  Don't miss...     Timothee Chalamet planning big surprise for Kylie Jenner to ‘save' their romance  [UPDATE]     Alex Brooker makes cheeky dig at James Martin's food with two-word response  [LATEST]     Britney Spears fans left with ‘so many questions’ as she draws UK landmark  [REACTION] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
The move even prompted Billie's manager Danny Rukasin to like and retweet – but then later deleted – a post accusing the Bad Blood singer of "breaking her neck doing everything to prevent other artists from shining".
The tweet alluded to Taylor having a long history of intentionally “blocking” other artists’ paths to the top of the chart by strategically dropping her own releases.
Meanwhile, both artists waged a back-and-forth by releasing bonus editions of new tracks throughout the week, in an effort to secure that special spot at the top.
But as the current board stands, Taylor has retained the No. 1 spot, with Billie following not far behind at No. 2.
While fans should be expected to see healthy competition between the two artists, both of whom are very successful in their own rights, the back and forth could merely be a coincidence as each star promotes their new albums.
Get all the latest news, entertainment, sport and lifestyle updates from our dedicated American team.
Follow Daily Express US on Facebook and Twitter @ExpressUSNews
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated