Eilish had previously assured fans her solo tour was “not the end” of working with Finneas
Billie Eilish and Finneas have joined forces for a performance on Saturday Night Live.
In her fourth musical guest appearance on the show yesterday night (October 19), Eilish performed two tracks from her third studio album, ‘Hit Me Hard and Soft’ alongside her brother and long-time collaborator.
Prior to that, her most recent appearance on ‘SNL’ was last December for the show’s Christmas episode, which saw her sing ‘Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas’ and Barbie ballad ‘What Was I Made For’.
She opened with ‘Birds of a Feather’, which was performed against a simple backdrop of a blue sky. ‘Wildflower’ featured an even more minimalistic set design, and Eilish sang underneath the glow of a dark blue light – watch the footage below.
Eilish – who is currently on the North American leg of her ‘Hit Me Hard And Soft’ world tour – had previously assured fans her solo turn was “not the end” of working with Finneas.
However, the trek marks the first time she has performed shows without her co-writer and producer – who is touring in support of his second solo album, ‘For Cryin’ Out Loud!’.
Finneas also revealed recently that Eilish was learning to “do home production without” him, saying “she’s very good at it”.
During a new interview with the Los Angeles Times, it was noted that Finneas would be joining his sister onstage “as his schedule permits”, and played ‘Happier Than Ever’ with Eilish at her gig in Newark, New Jersey last week (October 9).
When asked by the publication if any conclusions should be drawn from Finneas’ absence, Eilish responded: “It’s really not the end of anything. You can’t be in two places at once.”
Eilish previously opened up about how she and Finneas had “never, ever, ever loved something more” than her latest record, adding: “We hope you enjoy it so much and I’ll see you on the other side.”
The singer will head to the UK and Ireland next summer, with that portion of the ‘Hit Me Hard And Soft’ tour including six nights at London’s O2, you can visit here for any remaining North American tickets, and here for UK/Ireland tickets.
Meanwhile, Finneas has confirmed solo dates in New Zealand, Australia, the UK, Europe and North America for 2025.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.