The singer has made a Grande return to Fortnite.
It has been a period of speculation for fans of both Ariana Grande and Fortnite of late, as rumours about her return to the game have circulated online.
But the wait is finally over - as the Thank You, Next singer has made a comeback.
Grande debuted in Fortnite back in June 2021 as part of the Chapter 2 Season 7 update. However, she has not appeared in the game’s shop since 13th April 2023.
This has outraged fans, with some becoming so desperate to see her return that they even started a petition on Change.org, although it has only received just over 1,000 votes at the time of writing.
Aside from her appearance as a playable character in the game, the American superstar also took part in the musical Rift Tour event in August 2021, where she ran five shows across an entire weekend.
But that’s enough of the past, as it's time to look at the present and sift through all the details of Ariana Grande’s return to Fortnite.
Yes, Ariana Grande is back in Fortnite. The news was confirmed by the game’s official Instagram and X pages on Friday 31st May 2024.
Both posts show the singer in a new pink outfit known as the "Rosy Rift Goddess Ariana" costume, which looks to be encrusted with diamonds.
She also sports a long pink ponytail and is seen posing next to the front cover of her latest album, Eternal Sunshine, which was released in March 2024.
This image is the same as the one posted by a prominent social media account, iFireMonkey, earlier this month, which contributed to the rumours of Grande’s return.
Ariana Grande’s Rosy Rift Goddess Ariana skin can be unlocked by buying it in the game’s item shop. It is available now and costs 1,500 V-Bucks.
Alternatively, if you are after slightly more value for money then the skin can also be purchased as part of the Rosy Rift Bundle, as stated on the game’s social media pages, for a cost of 1,800 V-Bucks.
Aside from the new outfit, in the pack you will also get the LEGO equivalent of Grande’s suit and a Rift Ribbon back bling. The lead single from her latest album, Yes, And?, is also included in the set as a jam track for the game.
This latest outfit has already frustrated some fans, though.
Comments under the announcement post on X have questioned why the developers have chosen to release this version of Ariana Grande as a standalone item, arguing that it would have been better to re-release her original character model and add the Rosy Rift set as an extra costume.
Sign up for our gaming newsletter to receive the latest insights, reviews and expert recommendations
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Discover more with Fortnite creative map codes: Fortnite horror maps | Fortnite action-adventure maps | Fortnite hide and seek maps | Fortnite Zone Wars maps | Fortnite fighting maps | Fortnite parkour maps | best Fortnite creative maps | Fortnite Squid Game map codes | Fortnite Monopoly code | Fortnite I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here code | Fortnite Doctor Who map code
Check out more of our Gaming coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.
Joshua Lamb is a freelance writer at Radio Times Gaming, covering news and guides. He is also a games journalist and critic at The Times where he reviews the latest titles, having also previously reported on events such as Gamescom and the BAFTA Game Awards.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!