Billie Eilish, Zayn Malik and Luke Combs all have fresh releases.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	A slew of new music releases hit streaming services right on schedule Friday (May 17), from fresh pop albums to standout rap and country singles.

	Arguably the most highly anticipated project to arrive this week, however, is Billie Eilish’s third studio album Hit Me Hard and Soft, a 10-track follow-up to 2021’s Happier Than Ever produced by Finneas. The LP finds the 22-year-old star at her most comfortable and mature state, from the reflective songs “Wildflower” and “Skinny” to the lovey-dovey ballad “Birds of a Feather” and promiscuous dance-floor banger “Lunch.”

	Zayn Malik has also returned with his latest full-length, Room Under the Stairs. Recorded at home in rural Pennsylvania, the former boy band star embraces a rootsier direction with tracks such as “What I Am” and “Alienated” to reflect his newfound independence as a solo artist and single dad.

	










	Plus, Luke Combs — fresh off an ACM Award for single of the year win thanks to his hit cover of Tracy Chapman’s “Fast Car” — dropped new song “Ain’t No Love in Oklahoma.” Bronx rapper A Boogie Wit da Hoodie also shared 21 new tracks on Better Off Alone — which features collaborations with Future, Lil Durk, Young Thug and more — while Saweetie emerged with a strong song of the summer contender titled “NANi.” 




			Trending on Billboard		






	From polished pop to classic country and hip-hop, this week is absolutely saturated with exciting new music releases — and Billboard wants to know which one is your favorite. Whether it’s Eilish, Malik, Combs, A Boogie Wit da Hoodie, Saweetie or someone else, vote for your top pick in the poll below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.