Yousician---the leading platform for music instruction that Guitar magazine calls “modern technology’s gift to musicians”---today launches a partnership with groundbreaking, multiple Grammy and Academy Award-winning artist Billie Eilish. Yousician is featuring all 10 songs from Eilish’s new album, HIT ME HARD AND SOFT, written by Eilish with her brother, collaborator, and producer, FINNEAS, providing users the opportunity to play like Eilish and learn her new material on guitar, bass, ukulele, piano, and vocals. Eilish’s new album expands Yousician’s catalog of her songs to over 30, including hits like “bad guy,” “ocean eyes,” “Happier Than Ever,” and “Therefore I Am.” These tracks are now all part of The Billie Eilish Collection, available to play exclusively on Yousician.
Billie’s advice for learning her songs is to “make them yours.” Her own instrumental journey began with the piano and then the ukulele. She is currently working on improving her guitar skills, learning bass, and introducing herself to the drums. Billie is a staunch advocate for learning to play any instrument for the enjoyment it provides, saying “Making music with people, even if it’s just jamming and having fun, is so special, magical and bonding.” As far as learning an instrument goes, Billie acknowledges “It’s challenging…I would say just keep trying. Just a little bit every day really will go a long way. The most important thing, have fun with it.”
Yousician gives music learners and fans a fun and easy way to learn and play a range of Eilish’s hit songs, providing lyrics, chords, step-by-step tutorials, and real-time individualized feedback. Users simply need an instrument (or their voice) and the app to get started—no cables or external mics are required. Yousician is available on Android, iOS, and PC devices.
The partnership marks Yousician’s first with a major artist since their Metallica collaboration in 2022. The platform's partnerships have also included Jason Mraz, Juanes, Disney and Pixar’s  SOUL and Duolingo.
Yousician Global Head of Artist Partnerships & Industry Relations, Hadley Spanier, said, “Billie Eilish is an adventurer, exploring new musical ground with each release and reaching a broad and devoted audience with her work. We’re thrilled to partner with Billie on our platform, especially because we are also adventurers---finding new and exciting ways for everyone to enjoy making music, and connecting our users with artists who want to share that joy.”
Billie Eilish’s critically acclaimed third studio album, HIT ME HARD AND SOFT, was released globally on May 17 via Darkroom/Interscope Record) and is her biggest album debut of her career. This fall, Billie Eilish will embark on the North American leg of her HIT ME HARD AND SOFT: THE TOUR, with dates across Europe and Australia in 2025.
Published since 1977, Music Connection magazine is a monthly music trade publication catering to musicians, industry pro’s, and support services. Music Connection exists to serve artists and music people, to offer connections to the unconnected and to provide exclusive information that can help our readers take their music to the next level.

Founded in 1977 on the principle of bridging the gap between “the street and the elite,” Music Connection has grown from a popular print publication into a spectrum of products and services that address the wants and needs of musicians, the music tech community and industry support services.