Billie Eilish fans are worried for the star after she posted some very strange pictures.
The songstress recently took to Instagram to share a series of pictures, but two of them left her followers with questions after she proudly showed off some unusual marks on her arms.
One of the pictures showed Billie with her arms crossed, covered with bite marks as she held them out in front of herself. In another picture added to the carousel post, Eilish’s arm was clearly visible which showed she’d sustained a large bruise.
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Netflix fans 'heartbroken' as they 'cry for days' watching 'best series ever'
Fans rushed to the comment section to share their thoughts on the shocking images as they asked: “Is she okay?” Another person begged the Birds of a Feather singer to “explain the bites” as a third fan questioned: “Billie, who’s biting you [like] that [eyebrow raised emoji].”
However, many of her other fans were more focussed on showering her in compliments as they took in her Instagram post in celebration of 4th of July. For one post, Billie posed with her phone at a low angle with her long brunette layers covering her face.
She appeared fresh faced and makeup free as she peeked through her locks, down at the front facing camera below. In another picture, the Bad Guy singer stripped off to pose with some fireworks.
For the picture, Eilish wore a bright pink bikini and wrapped a white towel around herself as she held a large sparkler stick up in the air, sticking her tongue out as she smiled cheekily. In the caption, Billie added two bomb emojis as her fans rushed to the comment section to gush over her snaps.
Someone wrote: “Billie’s the only celebrity I’ve ever wanted vlogs from, [I swear to god] she’s always having some sort of amazing adventure [crying emojis].” Someone else said: “So pretty I might actually stop breathing,” while another fan added: “Billie living HER life! What a time to be alive!”
A third fan then typed: “Okay, I’m in love with this girl.” “My baby living her best life,” said another loyal fan with a heart-eyed emoji, as someone else told the singer she is “getting hotter everyday”.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.