Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The rapper-actor was dressed in sunglasses and a black suit, like his character in the 1997 film.

							By 

	Kimberly Nordyke

Managing Editor, Digital

Will Smith was a surprise guest at Coachella on Sunday night.

	The rapper-actor hit the stage alongside J Balvin to perform his hit song “Men in Black,” from his 1997 box office blockbuster film of the same name.



	Smith appeared in Ray-Ban Balorama sunglasses and a black Dolce & Gabbana suit, the standard uniform of his character in the film, which starred Smith and Tommy Lee Jones as investigators in a secret organization who monitor and police extraterrestrials. 

	Smith and Balvin rapped the song together, while backup dancers dressed as aliens and a giant alien head prop added to the effect. At the end of the performance, Balvin was dragged off by two people in black suits.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Box Office: 'Thunderbolts*' Storming to $73M-$77M Opening, Alec Baldwin's 'Rust' Flops in Cinemas		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					Jeremy Renner Claims Disney Only Offered "Half" His Salary for a 'Hawkeye' Season 2		
			








	Then, Smith was seen holding up the device used in the movie to erase the memories of people who witness alien activities, in addition to wiping out the memories of agents ready to retire.

	The movie, which made $250.7 million at the domestic box office (not adjusted for inflation), spawned three sequels: 2002’s Men in Black II, 2012’s Men in Black 3 and 2019’s Men in Black: International, the latter of which was considered a stand-alone movie set in the same universe but did not feature Smith or Jones.

	Coachella’s performances were full of surprise guests this weekend, including Olivia Rodrigo, Billie Eilish, Shakira, Paris Hilton and Kesha, the latter of whom changed the lyrics to her hit song “Tik Tok” to say “fuck P. Diddy” during her performance with Reneé Rapp.

	Watch part of Smith and Balvin’s performance below.
J Balvin just brought out Will Smith and he performed Men In Black at #Coachella https://t.co/zc1svlN0VV
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.