Having trouble predicting what will win Best Song at the 2024 Academy Awards? Let's consult Gold Derby's Oscar Experts! These savvy prognosticators from major media outlets have chimed in with their predictions, and they say the trophy will go to "What Was I Made For?" from "Barbie." The other four Academy Award nominees are "I'm Just Ken" from "Barbie," "It Never Went Away" from "American Symphony," "The Fire Inside" from "Flamin' Hot" and "Wahzhazhe (A Song for My People)" from "Killers of the Flower Moon."
As of this writing, a leading 21 out of our 25 Oscar Experts predict a victory for "What Was I Made For?": Andrea Mandell (People Magazine), Anne Thompson (Indiewire), Christopher Rosen (Gold Derby), Claudia Puig (KPCC), Clayton Davis (Variety), Eric Deggans (NPR), Erik Davis (Fandango), Jazz Tangcay (Variety), Joyce Eng (Gold Derby), Keith Simanton (IMDb), Matt Neglia (Next Best Picture), Michael Musto (Queerty), Nikki Novak (Fandango), Perri Nemiroff (Collider), Peter Travers (ABC), Ray Richmond (Gold Derby), Susan King (Gold Derby), Susan Wloszczyna (Gold Derby), Tariq Khan (Gold Derby), Thelma Adams (Gold Derby) and Wilson Morales (BlackFilmandTV).
"What Was I Made For?" is a dreamy ballad from the perspective of the titular Barbie (Margot Robbie) as she wonders if there's more to life than just being a plastic doll. The music and lyrics are by Billie Eilish (age 22) and Finneas O'Connell (age 26), who are angling become the youngest two-time Academy Award winners ever after first prevailing for the song "No Time To Die" from the 2021 James Bond film of the same name.
SEE Oscar nominations: How did your favorite films fare?
Three other Oscarologists -- Brian Truitt (USA Today), Sasha Stone (Awards Daily) and Tom O'Neil (Gold Derby) -- instead think another "Barbie" song will prevail: "I'm Just Ken." This comedic tune is about Barbie's significant other, Ken (Ryan Gosling), who laments about always being the "number two" in his relationship. The music and lyrics are by Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt, who are both prior Oscar winners for the song "Shallow" from "A Star Is Born" (2018).
Finally, the last awards pundit -- Shawn Edwards (WDAF-TV Fox) -- goes out on a limb for "Wahzhazhe (A Song for My People)" from "Killers of the Flower Moon." The music and lyrics for this authentic Osage Nation piece are by Scott George, who celebrates his first career Oscar nomination.
Currently at Gold Derby, none of our Experts are predicting a win for the other two Best Song nominees: "It Never Went Away" from "American Symphony" (music and lyrics by Jon Batiste and Dan Wilson) and "The Fire Inside" from "Flamin' Hot" (music and lyrics by Diane Warren). However, many more awards pundits will soon be making or updating their own Oscar predictions, so that could change in the coming weeks.
PREDICT the 2024 Oscar winners through March 10
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify Hollywood chiefs and stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where 5,000 showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
I know there’s a lot of sentiment for “I’m Just Ken”, but ultimately it’s… just Ken, or rather “Man or Muppet” which wasn’t even the best original song on The Muppets soundtrack, just the one on that infamous two-nominee ballot.
Scott George? He “won” just by being nominated. Diane Warren? The Music Branch still loves her but the general Academy membership doesn’t. Jon Batiste? Didn’t help that American Symphony was snubbed everywhere else.
Which leaves us with… Billie & Finneas again, now as the TWO youngest double Oscar winners ever, both beating Luise Rainer. Let’s hope no one is trying to run them out of town on a rail like Louis B. Mayer did to Rainer (though she got the last laugh by living almost to 105, finally getting her due late in life). Doesn’t hurt that “What Was I Made For?” probably deserves the award anyway.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media