By FREDDY PAWLE FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  04:21, 14 February 2024   |  Updated:  05:13, 14 February 2024   
 16
View  comments
One of Australia's largest music festivals has been forced to cancel its upcoming tour of shows just two months before it was set to start.
Organisers of Groovin the Moo announced on Wednesday that the festivals across regional Australia wouldn't be going ahead in 2024, citing poor ticket sales.
The touring festival was set to appear in cities such as Wayville, Canberra, Bendigo, Newcastle, Bunbury and the Sunshine Coast between April 25 and May 11.
Aussie rock legends Jet were set to play at the festival alongside Australian music heavyweights such as San Cisco, DMA's, The Jungle Giants and King Stingray.
The cancellations make Groovin the Moo the latest music festival to cancel after Valleyways at Camden, southwest Sydney, was also cancelled with organisers blaming the cost-of-living crisis.
One of Australia's largest music festivals Groovin the Moo (pictured, 2019) have been forced to cancel their 2024 leg of shows just months from kicking off, citing poor ticket sales
Groovin the Moo organisers took to social media to announce the sudden cancellation to fans. 
'Ticket sales have not been sufficient to deliver a regional festival of this kind. All tickets will be refunded automatically,' the post reads.
'Thank you to everybody who has supported the festival. We hope to be able to bring Groovin the Moo back to regional communities in the future.' 
Tickets had only been on sale for just over a week before the shock announcement. 
The festival has brought superstars to rural music lovers in past years, including Billie Eilish, Alt-J, Gang of Youths and even Spiderbait.
The music festival was one of the most popular across Australia and had brought superstar talents such as Billie Eilish to regional towns (pictured, revellers in 2019)
Aussie music fans were stunned to hear the news about a staple of the festival scene shortly before it was due to take place.
'Devastated for everyone who put in hard work to make this happen,' one Instagram user commented under the announcement.
'Was looking forward to getting my ticket in the next pay cycle, loved the line-up, hope people get behind you next year.'
'That’s sad, I thought it was a great line up,' another wrote.
Some users weren't as surprised by the outcome, claiming the bands billed to perform this year weren't up to the same standard as prior festivals.
'Maybe next year come back with a real line-up and people will think it’s a real festival,' a user wrote. 
More to come. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group