By EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  14:39, 7 January 2024   |  Updated:  20:05, 7 January 2024   
 387
View  comments
The Golden Globes mark the glittering start of awards season in Hollywood - and is known as the most raucous of ceremonies.
The show has served up its fair share of shock moments - from Jeremy Renner's 'creepy' jibe about Jennifer Lopez's 'globes' in her lowcut dress in 2015 to Renee Zellweger nearly missing her chance to accept her award due to a bathroom break in 2001.
Jack Nicholson hilariously revealed he was on Valium during his acceptance speech in 2003 while Elizabeth Taylor appeared drunk when she forgot to read out the nominees for the Best Motion Picture Drama award in 2001.
In 2020, Ricky Gervais made a famously edgy joke about Leonardo DiCaprio's penchant for younger women - while the Titanic star was also the butt of a very risque joke at the 2014 Globes courtesy of Tina Fey and Amy Poehler.
As the 2024 Globes prepares to kick off on Sunday night - DailyMail.com looks back at the show's most shocking moments... 
JEREMY RENNER BRANDED CREEP OVER J-LO 'GLOBES' JIBE
Jeremy Renner found himself at the center of a social media storm when he made a joke about Jennifer Lopez's breasts while co-presenting at the 2015 Golden Globes
'You have the globes, too,' Jeremy quipped before they presented the award to Billy Bob Thornton for his work in Fargo
Jeremy Renner found himself at the center of a social media storm when he made a joke about Jennifer Lopez's breasts while co-presenting at the 2015 Golden Globes.
The pair were presenting the award for Best Actor in a Television Mini-Series or Movie when Jennifer volunteered to open the envelope and reveal the winner. 'You want me to do it? I have the nails?' Jennifer asked. 
'You have the globes, too,' Jeremy quipped before they presented the award to Billy Bob Thornton for his work in Fargo.
He was ridiculed on Twitter, with comments ranging from 'Best Supporting Creep' to 'Boob-seeking robot' but Jeremy was quick to defend himself.
 Posting a smiling picture of himself and Jennifer on-stage at the Beverly Hilton together, he tweeted: 'A reminder not to take this s**t so serious. Thanks Jennifer -- You're a gem.x.'
 Jennifer wore a stunning Zuhair Murad gown with a plunging neckline to the awards ceremony, and Jeremy was evidently so distracted, he went off-script to make the comment. 
He was ridiculed on Twitter, with comments ranging from 'Best Supporting Creep' to 'Boob-seeking robot' but Jeremy was quick to defend himself
While Jennifer laughed it off like a pro on stage, Jeremy was roundly criticized. 
Anne T. Donahue wrote: 'Jeremy Renner rushes back to his table. "You guys hear that? That globes joke I made? Not too bad, right? Guys?" No one makes eye contact.'
And Sarah Schaefer added: 'Jeremy Renner wins best supporting creep #GoldenGlobes.'
Jennifer defended Jeremy afterwards, telling E! News: 'That was really funny. He’s a very funny man. It even made me a little hot.'
RENEE ZELLWEGER WINS... BUT IS IN THE BATHROOM
Renee Zellweger nearly missed her chance to accept a Golden Globe after she popped to the bathroom when her win was announced in 2001
Hugh Grant announced her as the winner for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy for Nurse Betty - but the star was nowhere to be found. He called out: 'Renee? Renee? Where is she? She's under the table? Renee is drunk ladies and gentleman'
As Grant began to accept the award on her behalf, Renee was seen heading to the stage looking embarrassed. As she greeted Grant she exclaimed: 'Oh God, I had lipstick on my teeth!'
Renee Zellweger nearly missed her chance to accept a Golden Globe after she popped to the bathroom when her win was announced in 2001.
Hugh Grant announced her as the winner for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy for Nurse Betty - but the star was nowhere to be found.
He called out: 'Renee? Renee? Where is she? She's under the table? Renee is drunk ladies and gentleman.
'Where is she, what's happened? She disappeared. She's in the bathroom. Okay, what do we do?'
As Grant began to accept the award on her behalf, Renee was seen heading to the stage looking embarrassed.
As she greeted Grant she exclaimed: 'Oh God, I had lipstick on my teeth!' 
TINA FEY AND AMY POEHLER MAKE X-RATED LEO DICAPRIO JOKE 
2014 Golden Globes hosts Tina Fey and Amy Poehler made one of the most risque awards show jokes thus far when they brought The Wolf of Wall Street winner Leonardo DiCaprio onstage
Wearing wolfish grins, Tina and Amy said: 'And now, like a supermodel's vagina, let's all give a warm welcome to Leonardo DiCaprio' - as the blushing star walked onstage
2014 Golden Globes hosts Tina Fey and Amy Poehler made one of the most risque awards show jokes thus far when they brought The Wolf of Wall Street winner Leonardo DiCaprio onstage.
Wearing wolfish grins, Tina and Amy said: 'And now, like a supermodel's vagina, let's all give a warm welcome to Leonardo DiCaprio.'
Leonardo has, of course, dated a stream of model beauties including Bar Refaeli, Gisele Bundchen and Erin Heatherton. At the time, he was dating Toni Garrn.
But as he made his entrance to the stage to guffaws of laughter from the audience, the actor's face showed his embarrassment.
Blushing bright red, he then stumbled over his words as he tried to keep a straight face.
Reading the Best Actress in a Drama nominees from the Teleprompter, he misread Judi Dench's film Philomena as 'Philomania'.
Despite his blushes Leonardo seemed amused by the joke - just one of many by the comedy duo.
They also made a dig at George Clooney, saying: 'Gravity is nominated for best film. It’s the story of how George Clooney would rather float away into space and die than spend one more minute with a woman his own age.'
'DRUNK' ELIZABETH TAYLOR FORGETS TO READ OUT NOMINEES 
In 2001, Elizabeth Taylor sparked speculation she had indulged in too many cocktails as she took to the stage to announce the Best Motion Picture Drama award - but prematurely opened the winner's envelope before reading the nominees
The screen icon was quickly called out on her error by host Dick Clark, with the memorable moment seeing the Oscar winner calling out: 'What? I don't open this? I just read it from up there? I'm new at this!'
In 2001, Elizabeth Taylor sparked speculation she had indulged in too many cocktails as she took to the stage to announce the Best Motion Picture Drama award - but prematurely opened the winner's envelope before reading the nominees.
The screen icon was quickly called out on her error by executive producer Dick Clark, with the memorable moment seeing the Oscar winner calling out: 'What? I don't open this? I just read it from up there? I'm new at this!'
Clark then went on stage and said: 'We don't want to ruin the suspense so let's read the nominees first.'
Taylor read out the nominees and hilariously quipped: 'And the winner is... and it's flashing 'envelope'.... Gladiator!'
Closing the show, she said: 'On behalf of the Golden Globes, thank you and goodnight! You all, you all you all! '
JACK NICHOLSON GIVES VALIUM-FUELED ACCEPTANCE SPEECH
In 2003 Jack Nicholson picked up the Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama award for About Schmidt and hilariously revealed during his acceptance speech that he'd popped some Valium beforehand
Accepting the award from Nicole Kidman , the cheeky actor said: ''Doesn't Nicole look nice... with her old nose?' leading the warm applause to fall silent. He was of course referring to the memorable prosthetic she wore to play Virginia Woolf in The Hours
Jack Nicholson is known for causing outrageous moments at the Golden Globes.
In 1998 when he won Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy for As Good as It Gets he faux-mooned the entire audience.
In 2003 the icon picked up the Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama award  for About Schmidt and hilariously revealed during his acceptance speech that he'd popped some Valium beforehand.
Accepting the award from Nicole Kidman, the cheeky actor said: ''Doesn't Nicole look nice... with her old nose?' leading the warm applause to fall silent. He was of course referring to the memorable prosthetic she wore to play Virginia Woolf in The Hours.
He added: 'I don't know whether to be happy or ashamed because I thought we made a comedy.... Dermot Mulroney's haircut alone should have made it a comedy!'
Referring to co-star Kathy Bates as 'The Bates Motel' he added: 'I know the evening's getting short, I took a Valium tonight so...'
RICKY GERVAIS MAKES EDGY LEONARDO DICAPRIO JOKE 
Ricky Gervais took aim at Prince Andrew at the 2020 Golden Globe award ceremony, using the royal's controversial relationship with pedophile Jeffrey Epstein to make a joke about Leonardo DiCaprio's string of younger dates 
Ricky mocked DiCaprio's taste in much younger women during his opener - leading the actor to burst out laughing
Fellow star Tom Hanks seemed flummoxed by the bawdy remark
The Duke of York has faced intense public scrutiny over his relationship with convicted pedophile Epstein
Ricky Gervais took aim at Prince Andrew at the 2020 Golden Globe award ceremony, using the royal's controversial relationship with pedophile Jeffrey Epstein to make a joke about Leonardo DiCaprio's string of younger dates.   
Discussing the actor's recent movie Once Upon A Time In Hollywood, Gervais complained it was too long.
He joked: 'Leonardo DiCaprio attended the premiere and by the end, his date was too old for him.'
Amid laughter from the star-studded audience, Gervais added: 'Even Prince Andrew is like, ''come on Leo mate, you're nearly 50, son''.'
Inside the event, cameras caught Leo's reaction. It seemed the actor, then 45 - who was dating a then 22-year-old Camila Morrone at the time - was able to poke fun at himself, blushing and smiling while the rest of the room cracked up. 
Ricky's routine was full of edgy jokes. He also spoke about Epstein, saying: 'In the end, he obviously didn't kill himself, just like Jeffrey Epstein.' 
This prompted groans from the Hollywood crowd, to which he responded: 'Shut up. I know he's your friend, but I don't care. You'll have to make your own way here in your own plane.'
SETH MEYERS JOKES ABOUT HOLLYWOOD SEX ABUSE SCANDAL
In 2018 Seth Meyers blasted Harvey Weinstein as he got the Golden Globes awards underway with a bang.
The awards show's host tackled the Hollywood sex abuse scandal full-on as he cracked awkward jokes about disgraced movie mogul Weinstein and House of Cards actor Kevin Spacey.
Late night host Meyers' opening monologue didn't take long to address the scandal, as he said: 'Good evening ladies and remaining gentlemen.'
He later added: 'Harvey Weinstein isn’t here tonight because I’ve heard rumors that he’s crazy and difficult to work with. 
In 2018 Seth Meyers blasted Harvey Weinstein as he got the Golden Globes awards underway with a bang 
'But don’t worry, he’ll be back in 20 years when he becomes the first person ever booed during the In Memoriam.'
As the gathered stars groaned, he added: 'It will sound like that.' 
It was never going to be an easy gig for Meyers, but he received warm applause from the crowd despite a series of awkward jokes about the ongoing scandal in Hollywood. 
'It’s been years that a white man in Hollywood was this nervous,' he quipped.
'A lot of people thought it would be more appropriate for a woman to host tonight's show, and they might be right, but if it makes you feel any better I have absolutely no power in Hollywood,' Meyers said. 
In a similar vein, he joked that they could not find a woman host because they were told they would be 'judged by some of the most powerful people in Hollywood' in a hotel - a reference to how Weinstein's victims say they were abused.
He also joked that he was chosen as the male host for the show because he's a 'man with absolutely no power in Hollywood'. 
'I’m not even the most powerful Seth in the room tonight,' he joked as the camera panned to comedian Seth Rogen.
'Remember when he was the guy making trouble with North Korea?' Meyers said, in a reference to President Donald's Trump Twitter battle with the rogue state's leader Kim Jong-un. 
There were audible gasps from stars in the audience - most of whom had worn black in support of the Time's Up movement - as Meyers continued to lay into the likes of Weinstein. 
'It’s 2018: Marijuana is legal and sexual harassment finally isn’t,' the host added, to applause.
Moving away from the Weinstein scandal, Meyers also found time to make another dig at President Donald Trump.
The Golden Globes host made reference to the 2011 White House Correspondents' Dinner speech in which he roasted Trump - then a member of the audience - telling him he was not qualified to be commander-in-chief.
He continued: 'I just want to say: Oprah, you will never be president. You do not have what it takes. And [Tom] Hanks. Where's Hanks? You will never be vice president.'
ANDRA DAY BEATS CAREY MULLIGAN TO WIN BEST ACTRESS   
The most shocking moment of the 2021 show came when Andra Day won best actress at the first ever bi-coastal Golden Globes - beating favorite Carey Mulligan.
The actress - who was the heavy underdog was recognized for her role in The United States Vs BIllie Holiday having faced  Mulligan for Promising Young Woman, Viola Davis for Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom, Vanessa Kirby for Pieces of a Woman and Frances McDormand for Nomadland. 
According to projections, Day had the smallest chance to win in the Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture, Drama category when it came to betting odds as she was a sizable underdog 
The most shocking moment of the 2021 show came when Andra Day won best actress at the first ever bi-coastal Golden Globes - beating favorite Carey Mulligan.
The actress - who was the heavy underdog - broke down in tears as she was recognized for her role in The United States Vs BIllie Holiday having faced heavy competition including Mulligan for Promising Young Woman, Viola Davis for Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom, Vanessa Kirby for Pieces of a Woman and Frances McDormand for Nomadland.
According to projections, Day had the smallest chance to win in the Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture, Drama category when it came to betting odds as she was a sizable underdog.
Andra wiped tears from her eyes and grabbed a paper with her acceptance speech written on it while surrounded by friends and family.  
 She said: 'Sorry, y'all, so, okay. Can you just give me the paper, please first, I would just want to do say thank you so much for -- with no shame, thank you so much for bringing me through, getting me through mom, dad, Josh, Jackson, to Lee Daniels my great love, my first love, my acting coach, and all the people at the HFPA, thank you so much for being so engaged in Billie's story.'
In the biographical drama she portrayed jazz and swing singer Billie Holiday who is at the center of an undercover sting operation by the Federal Bureau of Narcotics. 
JACQUELINE BISSET GIVES BIZARRE ACCEPTANCE SPEECH
Veteran British actress Jacqueline Bisset won the award for the most excruciating acceptance speech at the 2014 Golden Globes
In a car crash speech that was punctuated by long pauses, she swore and said she wanted to thank those who had given her 'pleasure and sh*t'
Veteran British actress Jacqueline Bisset won the award for the most excruciating acceptance speech at the 2014 Golden Globes.
The star delivered a cringe-worthy TV moment after being named Best Supporting Actress in a TV Show, Miniseries or TV Movie for her BBC drama Dancing on the Edge. 
She beat out rivals Janet McTeer (White Queen), Hayden Panettiere (Nashville), Monica Potter (Parenthood) and Sofia Vergara (Modern Family) for the gong.
When she first appeared on stage she was speechless for what seemed an age, before spluttering into a weird stream of consciousness ramble. 
'I'm stunned,' she said, and went on to leave the audience and viewers rather gobsmacked too by her ramblings.  
In a car crash speech that was punctuated by long pauses, she swore and said she wanted to thank those who had given her 'pleasure and sh*t'.
The reaction on Twitter was swift and merciless, with some branding it 'bonkers' and the 'maddest acceptance speech in awards history'. 
Ellen DeGeneres quipped: 'I helped write Jacqueline Bisset's speech. Did you like it?'
British TV writer Boyd Hilton wrote: 'Really hoping Bisset is still on stage silently staring when the show resumes after this ad break #GoldenGlobes'
'Bissett had such a long walk to the stage she dropped her marbles on the way. #GoldenGlobes,' Jack Guinness quipped mercilessly.
BRAD PITT CREDITS DIARRHEA MEDICATION DURING WIN
When Brad Pitt picked up a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor for Twelve Monkeys in 1996, he singled out a diarrhea medication for praise
When Brad Pitt picked up a Golden Globe for Best Supporting Actor for Twelve Monkeys in 1996, he singled out a diarrhea medication for praise.
He said: 'I’d like to thank...actually, the makers of Kaopectate. They’ve done a great service for their fellow man.'
He later explained off-camera that he relied on the medication to treat his nervous stomach.
Barbie dominated the nominations with nine nods for the blockbuster film, including best picture musical or comedy, as well as acting nominations for Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling and three of its original songs 
Cillian Murphy 's Oppenheimer scored eight nominations, including best picture drama and for actors Murphy, Robert Downey Jr . and Emily Blunt
Killers of the Flower Moon actors Robert De Niro and Leonardo DiCaprio have both been nominated for awards at the Golden Globes
The most hotly anticipated movies of the past year - Barbie and Oppenheimer - lead the nominations for the 2024 Golden Globes.
Barbie dominated the nominations with nine nods for the blockbuster film, including best picture musical or comedy, as well as acting nominations for Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling and three of its original songs.
It was closely followed by its 'Barbenheimer' release date companion Oppenheimer, which scored eight nominations, including best picture drama and for actors Cillian Murphy, Robert Downey Jr. and Emily Blunt. 
The movie's respective directors Greta Gerwig and Christopher Nolan are both up for best director and best screenplay for a motion picture. 
Ryan Gosling is up for best supporting male actor, while Margot Robbie has been nominated for best female actor for her performance as Barbie.  
Martin Scorsese's Killers of the Flower Moon has also been nominated for seven awards. Leonardo DiCaprio is up for best male actor in a motion picture drama - while Robert De Niro is up for best supporting male actor. 
The legendary director's movie is also nominated for best picture drama.  
Scorsese himself has been nominated for best director for a motion picture - alongside Bradley Cooper for Maestro, Yorgos Lanthimos for Poor Things, Celine Song for Past Lives, and the Barbenheimer duo Gerwig and Nolan.   
Three actors from Succession have been nominated for best television male actor in a drama series - Brian Cox, Kieran Culkin, and Jeremy Strong.
Gary Oldman, of Slow Horses, Pedro Pascal, of The Last of Us, and Dominic West, of The Crown, are also nominated in the same category. 
In the respective category for female actors, Succession's Sarah Snook was nominated - alongside Helen Mirren for her performance in 1923, Bella Ramsey for her work in The Last of Us, and The Crown's Imelda Staunton. 
Three actors from Succession have been nominated for best television male actor in a drama series - Brian Cox, Kieran Culkin , and Jeremy Strong
Keri Russell, of The Diplomat, and The Curse's Emma Stone were also nominated for best television female actor drama series.  
The Golden Globes announced the nominees for best female actor in a motion picture musical or comedy - Fantasia Barrino, Jennifer Lawrence, Natalie Portman, Alma Poysti, Margot Robbie, and Emma Stone. 
In the best movie musical or comedy category, Air, American Fiction, Barbie, The Holdovers, May December, and Poor Things were all nominated. 
The nominees for best animated film are The Boy and the Heron, Elemental, Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse, The Super Mario Bros. Movie, Suzume, and Wish.
The ceremony will feature the debut of two new categories: Cinematic and Box Office Achievement and Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy on Television. 
Taylor Swift's movie documenting her Eras Tour has received a nomination in the Cinematic and Box Office Achievement category.
The 81st Golden Globe Awards will be the first major broadcast of awards season, with a new home on CBS and will be hosted by 52-year-old comedian Jo Koy.
And while to audiences it might look similar on the surface, it's been tumultuous few years behind the scenes following a bombshell report in the Los Angeles Times. 
The 2021 report found that there were no black members in the Hollywood Foreign Press Association - which votes on the awards. 
Stars and studios boycotted the Globes and NBC refused to air it in 2022 as a result. 
After the group added journalists of color to its ranks and instituted other reforms to address ethical concerns, the show came back in January 2023 in a one-year probationary agreement with NBC. The network did not opt to renew. 
In June, billionaire Todd Boehly was granted approval to dissolve the HFPA and reinvent the Golden Globes as a for-profit organization.
Its assets were acquired by Boehly's Eldridge Industries, along with Dick Clark Productions, a group that is owned by Penske Media whose assets also include Variety, Deadline, The Hollywood Reporter, Rolling Stone and Billboard. 
In mid-November, CBS announced that it would air the ceremony on the network on Jan. 7. It will also stream on Paramount+. 
The group nominating and voting for the awards is now made up of a more diverse group of over 300 people from around the world.
Best Motion Picture - Drama
Anatomy of a Fall
Killers of the Flower Moon
Maestro
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Past Lives
The Zone of Interest 
Oppenheimer earned top prize Best Motion Picture - Drama (Christopher Nolan and Emma Thomas are pictured)
Best Motion Picture - Animated
The Boy and the Heron - WINNER
Elemental
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse 
Suzume
The Super Mario Bros. Movie
Wish  
Best Motion Picture – Non-English Language
Anatomy of a Fall - WINNER
Fallen Leaves
Io Capitano
Past Lives
Society of the Snow
The Zone of Interest
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Andrew Scott - All of Us Strangers 
Barry Keoghan - Saltburn
Bradley Cooper - Maestro
Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Colman Domingo - Rustin
Leonardo DiCaprio - Killers of the Flower Moon
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Jeffrey Wright - American Fiction
Joaquin Phoenix - Beau is Afraid
Matt Damon - Air
Nicolas Cage - Dream Scenario
Paul Giamatti - The Holdovers - WINNER
Timothée Chalamet - Wonka
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Charles Melton - May December
Mark Ruffalo - Poor Things
Robert De Niro - Killers of the Flower Moon
Robert Downey Jr. - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Ryan Gosling - Barbie
Willem Dafoe - Poor Things
Cillian Murphy and Robert Downey Jr. both earned Best Performance by a Male Actor and Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture for Oppenheimer, respectively
Best Screenplay - Motion Picture
Greta Gerwig and Noah Baumbach - Barbie
Tony McNamara - Poor Things
Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer
Eric Roth and Martin Scorsese - Killers of the Flower Moon
Celine Song - Past Lives
Justine Triet and Arthur Harari - Anatomy of a Fall - WINNER
Best Original Song - Motion Picture
Addicted to Romance - She Came to Me - Bruce Springsteen
Dance the Night - Barbie - Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt, Dua Lipa, Caroline Ailin
I'm Just Ken - Barbie - Mark Ronson, Andrew Wyatt
Peaches - The Super Mario Bros. Movie - Jack Black, Aaron Horvath, Michael Jelenic, Eric Osmond, John Spiker
Road to Freedom - Rustin - Lenny Kravitz
What Was I Made For? - Barbie - Billie Eilish, Finneas O'Connell - WINNER
Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy
Abbott Elementary
Barry
The Bear - WINNER
Jury Duty
Only Murders in the Building
Ted Lasso 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Drama
Bella Ramsey - The Last of Us
Emma Stone - The Curse
Helen Mirren - 1923
Imelda Staunton - The Crown
Keri Russell - The Diplomat
Sarah Snook - Succession - WINNER
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Ayo Edebiri - The Bear -WINNER
Elle Fanning - The Great
Natasha Lyonne - Poker Face
Quinta Brunson - Abbott Elementary
Rachel Brosnahan - The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel
Selena Gomez - Only Murders in the Building 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television
Ali Wong - Beef - WINNER
Brie Larson - Lessons in Chemistry
Elizabeth Olsen - Love & Death
Juno Temple - Fargo
Rachel Weisz - Dead Ringers
Riley Keough - Daisy Jones and the Six 
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television
Abby Elliott - The Bear
Christina Ricci - Yellowjackets
Elizabeth Debicki - The Crown - WINNER
Hannah Waddingham - Ted Lasso
J. Smith-Cameron - Succession
Meryl Streep - Only Murders in the Building 
 Elizabeth Debicki won Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role on Television for The Crown
Best Performance in Stand-Up Comedy on Television
Amy Schumer: Emergency Contact
Chris Rock: Selective Outrage
Ricky Gervais: Armageddon - WINNER
Sarah Silverman: Someone You Love
Trevor Noah: Where Was I 
Wanda Sykes: I'm an Entertainer 
Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy 
Air 
American Fiction
Barbie
The Holdovers
May December
Poor Things - WINNER
Cinematic and Box Office Achievement
Barbie - WINNER
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
John Wick: Chapter 4
Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part 1
Oppenheimer
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour
The Super Mario Bros. Movie 
Barbie beat out Taylor Swift in a new category Cinematic and Box Office Achievement as Margot Robbie accepted
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama
Annette Bening - Nyad
Cailee Spaeny -  Priscilla
Carey Mulligan - Maestro
Greta Lee - Past Lives
Lily Gladstone - Killers of the Flower Moon - WINNER
Sandra Hüller - Anatomy of a Fall
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy
Alma Pöysti - Fallen Leaves
Emma Stone - Poor Things - WINNER
Fantasia Barrino - The Color Purple (2023)
Jennifer Lawrence - No Hard Feelings
Margot Robbie - Barbie
Natalie Portman - May December 
Emma Stone triumphed as she earned Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy for Poor Things and also led the film to top honor Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy
Best Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
Danielle Brooks - The Color Purple (2023)
Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers - WINNER
Emily Blunt - Oppenheimer
Jodie Foster - Nyad
Julianne Moore - May December
Rosamund Pike - Saltburn
Best Director - Motion Picture
Bradley Cooper - Maestro 
Celine Song - Past Lives
Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer - WINNER
Greta Gerwig - Barbie
Martin Scorsese - Killers of the Flower Moon
Yorgos Lanthimos - Poor Things 
Best Original Score - Motion Picture
The Boy and the Heron
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Poor Things
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
The Zone of Interest 
Best Television Series - Drama
1923
The Crown
The Diplomat
The Last of Us
The Morning Show
Succession - WINNER
Succession nearly swept the television drama categories including top prize Best Television Series - Drama
Best Television Limited Series, Anthology Series, or Motion Picture Made for Television
All the Light We Cannot See
Beef - WINNER
Daisy Jones and the Six
Fargo
Fellow Travelers
Lessons in Chemistry 
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Drama
Brian Cox - Succession
Dominic West - The Crown
Gary Oldman - Slow Horses
Jeremy Strong - Succession
Kieran Culkin - Succession - WINNER
Pedro Pascal - The Last of Us
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy
Bill Hader - Barry
Jason Segel - Shrinking
Jason Sudeikis - Ted Lasso
Jeremy Allen White - The Bear - WINNER
Martin Short - Only Murders in the Building
Steve Martin - Only Murders in the Building 
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television
David Oyelowo - Lawman: Bass Reeves
Jon Hamm - Fargo
Matt Bomer - Fellow Travelers
Sam Claflin - Daisy Jones and the Six
Steven Yeun - Beef - WINNER
Woody Harrelson - White House Plumbers 
Steven Yeun took home Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Limited Series, Anthology Series, or a Motion Picture Made for Television for Beef
Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role on Television
Alan Ruck - Succession 
Alexander Skarsgård - Succession
Billy Crudup - The Morning Show
Ebon Moss-Bachrach - The Bear
James Marsden - Jury Duty
Matthew Macfadyen - Succession - WINNER 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group