Drew Barrymore attends the 2023 TIME100 Gala at Jazz at Lincoln Center on April 26, 2023 in New York City. Dwayne Johnson attends the 96th Annual Academy Awards on March 10, 2024 in Hollywood, California.
Drew Barrymore has got to be one of the best talk show hosts. There are no lengths the actress-turned-host won't go to for her precious guests. During The Drew Barrymore Show's Wednesday (March 13) episode, Drew surprised and tickled Dwayne Johnson with her latest bit.
As "The Rock" walked out, in footage posted by her talk show's official Instagram, the former wrestler was rendered speechless as he stepped on stage next to Barrymore. It is near impossible to keep a straight face when looking at the host, who was wearing a smile and so much more. While dressing up as the viral Dwayne Johnson meme of wearing a stuffed black turtleneck complete with fake muscles, light jeans, a fanny pack, and a gold chain, Drew had to add some finishing touches to really go all-out. She also wore a short, curly black wig and thick sideburns.
Mario Tama/Getty Images
When Johnson reaches her and the two embrace, he says, "Oh my God, that is amazing!" Unsure if he was uncomfortable in the moment or truly in awe, the Fast X star motioned his hand toward her for the crowd to continue applauding. Taking her antics to the next level, Drew gets down on one knee and declares, "I love you so much. I do, I love so many things about you."
"May I ask, what body language should I have?" she continued as she attempted to puff her already puffed-up chest. Johnson replies, "I think you just naturally did it." Adding that she's got "bosoms," Barrymore dressed as The Rock made her confidence skyrocket as she hilariously does some insane strutting across the stage.

A post shared by

Later in the segment, Drew challenges Dwayne to squat her because they help "build a strong fanny." Adding to the Instagram caption, she asks, "Can @therock squat The Rock?" As he described where he would pick her up from, Drew excitedly says from standing on the couch, "Like a fireman's carry!"

A post shared by

The biggest night of awards season is here at the 96th Academy Awards. Actors big and small stepped out at the 2024 Oscars, wearing their most show-stopping ensembles of the year, but not these folks. The ceremony airs live from the Dolby Theater on ABC, abc.com, or the ABC app. on Sunday, March 10, starting at a new earlier time at 7 pm ET, scheduled to end at 10:30 pm ET. Jimmy Kimmel returns as host for the fourth time. Zendaya, Michelle Pfeiffer, Nicolas Cage, and Al Pacino are among the first group of presenters for the awards ceremony. Also presenting are last year’s winners: Brendan Fraser, Michelle Yeoh, Ke Huy Quan, and Jamie Lee Curtis. Oscar winners Mahershala Ali, Jessica Lange, Matthew McConaughey, Lupita Nyong’o, and Sam Rockwell are also set to take the stage.
Fantastic films are nominated for this year’s Oscars, with Oppenheimer, Barbie, Killers of the Flower Moon, Poor Things, The Holdovers, The Color Purple, Maestro, American Fiction, and Past Lives taking a lot of nominations in the major categories. This year, 321 feature films were eligible for the Oscars, and 265 of those qualified for the Best Picture category. Oppenheimer leads the 2024 Oscar nominations with 13 nods, with Poor Things trailing behind with 11 nods and Killers of the Flower Moon with 10.
The list of confirmed performers includes Jon Batiste performing "It Never Went Away" from American Symphony, Becky G performing "The Fire Inside" from Flamin' Hot, Billie Eilish, and Finneas O'Connell performing "What Was I Made For?" from Barbie, and Scott George and the Osage Singers performing "Wahzhazhe (A Song For My People)" from Killers of the Flower Moon. As we previously reported, added to the list of performers includes Ryan Gosling and Mark Ronson performing "I'm Just Ken" from Barbie.
With winners and losers of the Oscars tonight, these stars lost before they even entered the Dolby Theater with these red carpet train wrecks. Take a look below at the 6 red-carpet disasters at the 2024 Oscars:
There's nothing funny about this funny woman's Oscars red carpet look. McCarthy's pairing of red and hot pink is something that was once trendy but oh boy, is she being swallowed by fabric. The fluffy pink cape competes with her voluminous brown curls, and the presenter just gets lost behind it all.
The SAG-AFTRA president did not dish out the style we knew her for on 'The Nanny.' Drescher's fishnet-looking gown is giving tacky vibes even though she paired it with sophisticated accessories and a black fitted blazer. The dress leaves nothing to the imagination and frankly, it gives too much.
Johnson showed up as the tin man in this gunmetal satin suit. The look is entirely too gaudy and flashy, and though we aren't necessarily surprised with his choice of wardrobe, it doesn't mean we have to like it one bit. We do give him kudos for looking very comfy, but for an Oscars look, this s not it.
The 'Shirley' star wore this bright tangerine gown, and though the color looks great on her, the cut doesn't. The center ruching and bead detailing is so old school. Meanwhile, the asymmetrical neckline that blends into a choker with the high thigh slit does too much. Basically, the dress is wearing her and not the other way around, and that is not how to fashion.
The Oscar winner blew us away with her acceptance speech, but her red carpet look, unfortunately, not so much. We hate the use of sequins, period. On top of the powder blue custom Louis Vuitton dress being all sequins, the poofy fringe sleeves reminds us of a bird and that is just not a flattering look even though she usually looks so glamorous.
Grande's latest album may be titled 'eternal sunshine,' but this Oscars look makes us want to scrub our mind spotless so we can forget this disaster. The bright baby pink gown is custom pink Giambattista Valli Haute Couture, but the strapless ruched column is giving a caterpillar undergoing metamorphosis. Then, as her "wings," the exaggerated off-the-shoulder puff sleeve cape and train is not how we wanted to see the actress and singer return to the red carpet for the first time in four years.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!