Journeyy auditioned on "America's Got Talent" with an original song. Tuesday brings the young singer's first live performance on the show.Trae Patton | NBC
When New Jersey’s Journeyy Belton began to sing, “America’s Got Talent” judge Simon Cowell began to stare.
It was overwhelmingly apparent that Cowell was locking on to something special.
Because Belton not only wrote and performed a dreamy, melancholic, utterly captivating original song — the singer-songwriter also did it all at just 9 years old.
Consider the lyrics to the song, titled “Paradise” (watch below), which Belton performed with his own piano accompaniment: “You rolled the dice, now you’re on thin ice / Oh, here the bugs don’t bite / Automatic lullabies / Purple clouds in the sky / Welcome to my paradise.”
Belton, whose performance name is Journeyy, is set to perform on “America’s Got Talent” Tuesday night (August 27).
The singer, who hails from Jersey City, started out on TikTok, where the singer regularly posts covers of songs and original music.
That’s how Cowell first came across the Jersey talent, who also drew the attention of the show’s bookers.
After landing on season 19 of “AGT,” Belton received a standing ovation.
“You’ve just got it, haven’t you?” Cowell said after the performance, which showcased a stylish delivery that was at times reminiscent of singers like Billie Eilish and Lana Del Rey.
As for the rest of the judges, Heidi Klum said she was “very impressed” and Sofía Vergara proclaimed the Jersey standout “a superstar already.” Howie Mandel: “Amazing.”
Cowell called Belton’s talent “God-given.”
“Great things are gonna happen for you,” he said. “I can feel it.”
Tuesday brings the singer’s first live performance on the show, though that gem of an audition made fast fans of many. The singer has more than 310,000 followers on TikTok and 215,000 on Instagram.
In 2023, Anna DeGuzman, a magician who grew up in Bergenfield and Bogota, made it all the way to the “AGT” final and was named runner-up.
Journeyy Belton will perform on Tuesday’s episode of “America’s Got Talent,” which starts 8 p.m. ET on NBC and streams on Peacock.
Thank you for reading. Please consider supporting NJ.com with a subscription.
Amy Kuperinsky may be reached at akuperinsky@njadvancemedia.com and followed at @AmyKup.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices