Tonight on NBC America’s Got Talent begins with an all-new Tuesday, July 16, 2024, episode and we have your America’s Got Talent recap below! On tonight’s AGT season 19 episode 7 “Auditions 7″, as per the NBC synopsis,
“The auditions continue as a variety of acts and contestants of all ages audition for the chance to win $1 million. There’s more Golden Buzzers than ever before, each sending a lucky act directly to the live shows to compete for America’s vote.”

Make sure to bookmark this spot and come back later for our America’s Got Talent recap from 8 PM – 10 PM ET! Refresh often so you get the most current info! While you wait for the episode head over and check out all our AGT spoilers, news, recaps & more!
Tonight’s America’s Got Talent recap begins now – Refresh Page often to get the most current updates!
It was Night Seven of the Auditions. The judges were looking for someone to entertain them, but sometimes they ended up with duds and sometimes if they were lucky enough they would get a Mia Soleil Sanchez. Mia was thirteen years old. She was small for her age. She has a cool pair of glasses.
She also had a great voice. Mia performed a Billie Eilish song. She started out small and her voice grew from there. Mia was truly talented. It also didn’t hurt that she got the entire audience to act as backup singers. She got four yesses from the judges for her performance. And there was more to come from the other contestants.
There was a daredevil act that followed Mia. Their names are Anastasia and Strakov. They performed to music. They’ve been doing this for thirty years. Almost as long as they’d been married and they were hoping to get a show in Las Vegas one day. They already perform there.
They were street performers. They would like a residency to help give them structure. They have two kids and a dog now. They couldn’t keep performing at three in the morning in Las Vegas. They were capable of great skill and they truly deserve their own show. They displayed lots of daring.
Next up was a choir next. The Jerusalem Youth Choir. The choir was full of teenagers and young adults. Some were Palestinians and others were Israelis. They came together to perform “Home”.
They sounded great together and they showed that there was a way forward for both countries to coexist. The kids would lead the way in more than one. The choir got four yesses and hopefully their message continues to spread this season. There was another singer that went after them. His name was Dian Rene. He was from Cuba.
Dian came to the United States to build a better life for himself. He decided to pursue his dream of singing professionally. He hopes to provide for his family one day. There was just one problem. Dian’s Spanish lyrics didn’t clear through the show. They demanded that he sing the English version.
He learned the English version in a day and he apologized beforehand if the wording comes out bad. Only he didn’t have a connection with the English version. His performance of “Waiting for Tonight” was lackluster. The judges had to shut it down and ask him to perform again with a different song.
In the meantime, there was Joey and Jordan. They were two close friends. They met when they both pursued bluegrass music. They performed “Cotton Eyed Joe”. It was horrible.
The audience laughed at them instead of with them. Simon pressed his reject button early on. There was a moment when one climbed on top of the other. It was the most interesting bit of the performance. And that was it. Sofia gave them a yes and the other gave a bunch of nos. They won’t be moving forwards in the competition.
Next up Cornelio and Jabu. They too were from different areas. One was from North Carolina. The other was from New York City. They came together to perform. One was a drummer.
The other was a tap dancer. They’ve never performed before. Tonight was their debut. It was really entertaining. They got a standing ovation because their performance was forever moving and evolving. The judges ate it up. They gave the duo four yesses and the two helped them forget all about that earlier performance.
Horse was up next. That was his real name. He was a dad of three. He opened up his own parkour. He wanted to bring a display of strength to the show and that included torturing himself.
He dipped his whole head in a tub of hot sauce. It could have been interesting. He decided to go in a different direction. He had the audience flinching with the amount of time he had his friends hit him in the nuts. Sofia pressed her reject button. She said she was against machoism. She gave them their only no and the other three judges gave them enough yesses to take them to the next round.
Then there was Mervin. He was a police officer. He works with at-risk youth. He supports them in leaving behind bad behavior and enablers. He’s glad whenever a former student comes back to thank him. He loves those moments and telling his wife about it. His wife often encourages him. Both as a cop and as a mentor. She even convinced him to try out this year. He has a beautiful voice. He performed Ed Sheeran’s “Thinking Out Loud”. He also played the piano during the performance. And he was so good at everything that he got four yesses.
Mervin’s wife knew she was doing great work in talking him into performing tonight. Everyone was so glad when she came onstage to be with her husband when he learned he was going through to the next round. It was a sweet moment for the show. Next up was a contortionist. The contortionist didn’t seem to have a single bone in his body. He even managed to fit himself into a tiny box. It was something the judges and the audience have never seen before. The contortionist was named Alex. He was originally from Russia. He now lives in Germany. His act was called fascinating and horrifying. He still got four yesses.
Next up was Insane Shane. He was from North Carolina. He was a full-time content creator. He said he loves entertaining people and he wanted to do so on a bigger stage. He was like a golden retriever because he could catch any ball with his mouth in spite of the distance. The judges also joined in. He found this talent by going to a hibachi grill at twelve. Shane was so unusual that he won four yesses from the judges. He also managed to invigorate the audience right before Rueben Solo went up.
Reuben was from Australia. He was a stand-up comedian. He said he cooked up something a little different for the audience tonight. It started off as boring. It became worse with time. He somehow managed to turn everyone against him. This went double for the judges. They were pressing reject buttons everywhere. Three of them had pressed the reject button when suddenly Rueben pressed the Golden Buzzer for himself. It earned him his last rejection from the one judge willing to hear his act. Good riddance!
Yuya and Ruy were up next. They were from Japan. They didn’t know much English. They had an interpreter. She also needed help because none of them understood Howie when he said “go”. It was a sketch show. They did a bunch of funny things. Some of it got laughs. Others didn’t. It was a good show. No one really knows what they did or what it’s called. Sofia still gave them the Golden Buzzer. She loved their performance and wanted that in the live shows. The guys were then followed by Dian who came back with a new song.
It was Spanish song. He didn’t have to translate it. He got to sing his heart’s content for the world. Sofia was up dancing and so was the audience. They all enjoyed his second performance. It was so much better than the first performance. His second chance got him four yesses and it showed off his true talent as an artist. The final act of the night proved to be a scary woman wearing demon makeup. She had a scarier partner. They both scared the crap out of the judges. They also demanded two of them to participate. Whatever they did involved balloons. Sofia got covered in glitter. It was mere inches away from getting covered in maggots. Luckily she was.And the act squeaked pass with three yesses.
THE END!
RELATED POSTS