Olivia Bellusci is a Newsweek writer based in New York. Her focus is reporting on entertainment news. She has in depth knowledge of the pop culture landscape. Olivia joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Pace University. You can get in touch with Olivia by emailing o.bellusci@newsweek.com. You can find her on Instagram @OliviaBellusci. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Travis and Jason Kelce's mom, Donna, has an unusual life.
In a Thursday, October 3, interview with Glamour magazine about motherhood (which also featured the mothers of Billie Eilish, Beyoncé, and Selena Gomez), Donna opened up about the harsh reality of living with fame.
While Mama Kelce has been in the spotlight ever since Jason and Travis joined the NFL, her level of fame has skyrocketed ever since the Kansas City Chiefs tight end began dating pop superstar Taylor Swift — particularly because she has been photographed talking with Swift, 34, while sitting together at many of Travis' games.
In the article, Donna, 71, detailed the extreme lengths the family must go through to do everyday things.
"We can't go anywhere, really. If we want to do something, you have to rent out the restaurant or the movie theater or whatever," she noted. "I do get to sneak away every once in a while, and we go to places that nobody knows where they are."
The mom of two added that she often gets recognized when she is out. "I've tried everything. I've tried sunglasses, but I'm just so tall and big, it's hard not to notice me walk by," Donna shared before continuing, "I'm grateful that people know who I am, and most of them are very, very respectful. It's like, 'We love your children,' what mom doesn't want to hear that?"
Donna also shared insight into how she has tried to keep her boys grounded as their careers grew. "I think you just bring things up that they did when they were children to just show them that they're like everybody else — how many broken windows there were, how many times I had a call from the neighbor," she remarked. She went onto explain how, "They weren't mean children or bad children; it's just that they were very rambunctious. I think it's just bringing them back to their childhood—what they're most grateful for and where they were able to have a platform to grow."
Although normalcy is hard to come by in public, Donna touched on how sweet the private portion of her life is with Travis, 34, and her grandkids. "Travis is a good uncle, and Jason's a great dad, and it's just very heartwarming to know that they have that within them to be very nurturing, very kind, very gentle—especially with girls." Jason, 36, shares three daughters with wife Kylie Kelce: Wyatt, 5, Elliotte, 3, and Bennett, 20 months.
Olivia Bellusci is a Newsweek writer based in New York. Her focus is reporting on entertainment news. She has in depth knowledge of the pop culture landscape. Olivia joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Pace University. You can get in touch with Olivia by emailing o.bellusci@newsweek.com. You can find her on Instagram @OliviaBellusci. Languages: English.
Olivia Bellusci is a Newsweek writer based in New York. Her focus is reporting on entertainment news. She has in depth knowledge of the pop culture landscape. Olivia joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Pace University. You can get in touch with Olivia by emailing o.bellusci@newsweek.com. You can find her on Instagram @OliviaBellusci. Languages: English.
Olivia Bellusci is a Newsweek writer based in New York. Her focus is reporting on entertainment news. She has in                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC