By Nancy Tartaglione 
International Box Office Editor/Senior Contributor

	Multiple Oscar and Grammy winner Billie Eilish has announced an 81-date world tour which is due to kick off in Canada later this year. Billed “Hit Me Hard and Soft: The Tour,” it will be in support of her upcoming album which drops on May 17. Tickets for the tour, which is currently set to run from September 29-July 27, 2025, go on sale Friday.

	Eilish and songwriter brother Finneas O’Connell earlier this year won their second Academy Award for Best Original Song, this time for Barbie’s “What Was I Made For?” Their previous win was for the title song from 2021’s No Time to Die. At 22-years-old, Eilish is the youngest two-time Oscar winner in history. Hit Me Hard and Soft is her third full-length album.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					How To Stream Los Angeles' FireAid Concerts Live		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Grammys 2025: Brad Paisley, Coldplay's Chris Martin, Cynthia Erivo, John Legend, More Join Performer Lineup		
			







	The tour will head from Canada to the U.S. for cross-country dates from October through December. In February and March, Eilish hits Australia then travels to Europe from April through July. There are 12 UK dates including six in London.




			Watch on Deadline		





A post shared by BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish)

	Eilish, who is a proponent of sustainability, has said the upcoming tour will be the most eco-friendly yet. For the forthcoming album, she will release a limit of eight variants of vinyl through her website as well as all major retailers and all produced with “the most sustainable practices available.” The standard black variant is made from 100% recycled black vinyl and the other seven colored vinyl issues will be made from ECO-MIX or BioVinyl. 

	Per her website, Eilish “is using a range of solutions as she works with her team towards constant improvement. All merchandise clothing uses residual dead stock from prior productions, organic or recycled polyester or cotton, non-toxic dye inputs and intentional design processes for circularity, reduced climate impact and regeneration to reduce harm to people and planet. Posters are made from 100% recycled paper.”

	Since 2019, Eilish has partnered with nonprofit Reverb to reduce her tours’ environmental footprint, engage fans in climate action, and support nonprofit organizations and climate projects.

	Earlier this month, Eilish clarified she was not calling out any artist in particular after she deemed “wasteful” the practice of releasing multiple vinyl variants to boost album sales.

	










	She has also said she would not be releasing any singles in advance of the album, telling Rolling Stone, “Every single time an artist I love puts out a single without the context of the album, I’m just already prone to hating on it. I really don’t like when things are out of context. This album is like a family: I don’t want one little kid to be in the middle of the room alone.” She also previously wrote on Instagram, “not doing singles i wanna give it to you all at once… finneas and i truly could not be more proud of this album and we absolutely can’t wait for you to hear it.”
A post shared by BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish)
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.