We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Ryan Gosling will also be performing.
Billie Eilish has been confirmed to perform at the 2024 Oscars ceremony.
The 96th Academy Awards will take place on March 10, and will feature performances of this year's nominated songs, which means that the ceremony will include two songs from Barbie.
Eilish and her brother Finneas O'Connell will perform 'What Was I Made For?', while Ryan Gosling will perform 'I'm Just Ken', with assistance from Mark Ronson.
Related: Why is Oscars 2019 Best Picture winner Green Book so controversial? 
Scott George and the Osage Singers will perform 'Wahzhazhe (A Song For My People)' from Killers of the Flower Moon, Becky G will sing 'The Fire Inside' from Flamin' Hot, and Jon Batiste will perform 'It Never Went Away' from American Symphony.
This year's ceremony could see Christopher Nolan win his first ever Oscar, and his chances seem better after he won the Theatrical Feature Film award at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) Awards earlier this month. Historically, the winners of that award go on to win Best Director at the Oscars.
In fact, looking at the statistics, we've made predictions about who will win what award in six of the major Oscars categories.
Related: Oscars introduce first new award in 24 years 
Meanwhile, Barbie's Margot Robbie has responded to director Greta Gerwig not being nominated for the Best Director award.
"Obviously, I think Greta should be nominated as a director," she said. "What she did is a once-in-a-career, once-in-a-lifetime thing. What she pulled off, it really is. But it's been an incredible year for all the films.
"We set out to do something that would shift culture, affect culture, just make some sort of impact, and it's already done that and some, way more than we ever dreamed it would. That is truly the biggest reward that could come out of all of this."
The 96th Academy Awards take place on Sunday, March 10 at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood. It will be broadcast on ITV in the UK.
Barbie is available to buy or rent in the UK from Prime Video, iTunes, Microsoft Store and more, as well as being available to watch on Max in the US.
Joe Anderton is a freelance news writer at Digital Spy, having worked there since 2016. In his time, he's covered a host of live events and interviewed celebrities big and small.
A big fan of TV and movies both mainstream and obscure, Joe's main interest is in video gaming. Although particularly a PlayStation gamer, he plays across Xbox, Nintendo and PC/Steam Deck, and likes to keep tabs on many games he's not got the time to play.
Joe currently does not use Twitter, but he only ever used it to tell people to watch the film Help! I'm a Fish (which you really should do).
Sex Education star lands major movie role
Netflix is removing Ryan Gosling's best movie
Hannah Waddingham reacts to "incredible honour"
Ryan Gosling lines up Star Wars role
Margot Robbie on why people "hated" her 2022 flop
Margot Robbie's forgotten drama is coming to ITVX 
Margot Robbie & Jacob Elordi team up for new film
Margot Robbie's new film confirms release date
Barbie stars reunite in first trailer for Jackpot!
Inside Out 2 hits $1 billion at box office 
Barbie movie dolls and dreamhouse - Where to shop
Margot Robbie's Barbie fashion book is now 25% off
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.