Capital




                
                    Niall Gray
                
                

5am - 9am


Mystical Magical

                        

    
    Benson Boone
    

                    

Download 'Mystical Magical' on iTunes



                        
                            News
                            



25 January 2024, 10:43 | Updated: 1 February 2024, 11:47

        
            By Capital FM
        
    
Here's the full list of performers for the 66th annual Grammys.
Set to be hosted by comedian Trevor Noah, the 66th annual Grammy awards will take place in Los Angeles Sunday February 4th. 
Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa and Olivia Rodrigo were the first artists to be announced as performers this year and now even more artists have been added to the lineup, including SZA and Travis Scott. Taylor Swift is also rumoured to be a surprise addition to the Grammys performers.
Afro beats star Burna Boy, rapper Travis Scott, and country singer Luke Combs are newly announced names on the performers list and five-time Grammy winner Billy Joel will be putting on a show after his first single release in decades.
According to the Grammy website additional 2024 performers will be revealed in the coming weeks and we will update this page as they're announced. 
Here's everyone we can't wait to see take the stage at the Grammy this year.
As well as being the most nominated artist at this year's Grammys with NINE noms, SZA is also performing at the prestigious event on Sunday 4th February.
In 2022 SZA won her first Grammy, Best Pop Duo/Group Performance, for 'Kiss Me More' with Doja Cat.
Billie already has seven Grammys under her belt and has performed at the show many times. 
At this year's awards show she is nominated for six trophies, with five of those dedicated to her song 'What Was I Made For?' which she penned for the blockbuster film Barbie.
Billy Joel aka 'Piano Man' has been nominated for 23 Grammys in his lifetime and is making a well deserved comeback in 2024.
He has announced he will be releasing his first single in decades 'Turn The Lights Back On' which comes out on February 1st, so it's likely the Grammys will see him perform the track for the first time.
The Afro beats icon became the first solo Nigerian artist to win a Grammys when he was awarded Best Global Music Album for 'Twice As Tall' in 2021.
He's performing at this year's show with five more nominations.
Dua is up for song of the year for 'Dance The Night' which she wrote for the 2023 hit film Barbie. 
With an impressive 10 nominations behind her she is set to put on a spellbinding performance at the Grammys. 
Luke Combs will be performing at the Grammys and is up for Best Country Solo Performance for 'Fast Car' - a cover of Tracy Chapman's 1988 country hit.
At just 20 years old it's pretty impressive that Olivia already has 13 GRAMMY nominations to her name. 
She's up six trophies this year including Best Song Of The Year for 'Vampire'.
As well as performing at the 66th annual Grammys Travis is up for Best Rap Album for 'UTOPIA'.
Listen live to Capital, and catch up on any shows you missed, on Global Player.
See more More News
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
See more Exclusive Videos
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
Rihanna
One Direction
News
Dua Lipa
See more Featured Artists