thirdencorestudios.com
Celebrating 35 Years in NoHo: Third Encore Studios was launched in 1989 by roadies for the Eagles, who envisioned the potential for a thriving rehearsal and storage business in North Hollywood. Since entrepreneur Wynnsan Moore took the reins in 1999, Third Encore has been in expansion mode, not only at their main rehearsal studios location but throughout the Los Angeles area with their monthly lockout studios. With their main studios located near the Burbank Airport in a six-building campus environment, Third Encore has all the necessary facilities and services on-site to facilitate a convenient and efficient tour rehearsal. 
Services include daily rehearsal and pre-production studios, backline and audio rentals, storage lockers, and on-site vendors such as Ultimate Ears, Tour Supply, Arcane Inc. pickups, and other music-related offices. With spacious rehearsal studios designed with great acoustics, Third Encore's 75,000+ square foot main location has hosted everyone from Doja Cat, Billie Eilish, Kendrick Lamar, and Sabrina Carpenter to Backstreet Boys, Public Enemy, and Guns N’ Roses. Under the leadership of Vice President Alex Moore and Operations Manager Doug Poulin their dedicated staff—many of whom have been with the company for 15+ years—continue their mission to provide stellar customer service, attention to detail, and a low-key vibe.
The Studios: Originally occupying a single building with one studio, Third Encore has grown to include eight studios ranging in size from 900 to 2,400 square feet. All studios are carpeted, draped and acoustically tuned to create a comfortable creative atmosphere. They come with tour grade floor wedge monitors, side fills, a mixing console (for live event mixing), and at least one isolation room/artist lounge/production space that is included in the competitive studio rates. 
Third Encore is also the industry leader in premium 24-Hour Monthly Lockouts, with 265+ individual studios in locations throughout Los Angeles. Its studios feature proprietary wall construction to limit sound bleed along with private A/C control, daily cleaning, ample parking, secure keypad entry and 24-hour video surveillance.
Backline Rentals and Storage: John Hoik, Studio & Backline Bookings Manager, touts Third Encore's expansive backline rental and numerous storage lockers (ranging from 50 to over 1,000 sq ft) as services that set the facility apart from its competitors. Artists and bands can store all their equipment on site and rent anything they need on the spot to avoid the cost and inconvenience of equipment transportation to rehearsals. 
They've created a unique campus environment with other music related businesses on site to facilitate a streamlined one-stop-shop experience for artists and their touring crew. Rental items include guitars and basses, guitar amps, keyboards, pianos, DJ equipment, drum sets, percussion, tech services, pro audio, wireless and in-ear monitors, microphones and cases and vaults.
Contact Third Encore Studios, 818-753-0148

Founded in 1977 on the principle of bridging the gap between “the street and the elite,” Music Connection has grown from a popular print publication into a spectrum of products and services that address the wants and needs of musicians, the music tech community and industry support services.