"We suffered a great loss"
Mark Ruffalo has mourned the Democrats getting their “asses kicked” in last week’s US presidential elections, saying: “Sometimes you have to spend a little time in bed.”
Republican Donald Trump’s win made him the first ex-President to go back to the role in more than 130 years. He also made history as the oldest man elected to America’s highest office at the age of 78. The Democrats Kamala Harris later conceded defeat to Trump.
In his victory speech on November 6, Trump said:“ This will truly be the golden age of America – that’s what we have to have. This is a magnificent victory for the American people that will allow us to make America great again.”
Actor Ruffalo has now responded to the result after campaigning for Harris in recent months.
Speaking at the ACLU of Southern California’s Bill of Rights Awards on Sunday, Ruffalo said: “We got our asses kicked. What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger, but sometimes you have to spend a little time in bed before it happens. It was hard to come here, honestly.”
He continued: “The fact that we’re here says a great deal about what we all care about in this life, and I want to appreciate you all for your values and the grief and the fear that you most acutely may be feeling as well, because I know I am. We suffered a great loss, it’s a loss that touches deeply on so much of what we’ve worked for and we’ve hoped for and dreamed of for such a long time now.”
“…I’ve felt demoralisation and despair so many times along the road of all of this, and the message I keep getting is if you’re losing hope, you’re not giving enough and you’re not doing enough. Action is the very thing that pushes back despair.”
You can see the moment here:
“We got our asses kicked,” Mark Ruffalo says of the election while being honored at ACLU SoCal’s Bill of Rights Awards pic.twitter.com/Af8v25zKYe
— The Hollywood Reporter (@THR) November 11, 2024
Elsewhere, a host of artists have expressed their dismay at Trump being re-elected as President of the United States including Madonna, who wrote: “Trying to get my head around why a convicted felon, rapist, bigot was chosen to lead our country because he’s good for the economy?”.
Billie Eilish was visibly emotional while performing at a concert and dedicated ‘Your Power’ to her female fans. “Someone who hates women so, so deeply is about to be the President. This song is for all the women out there. I love you, I support you,” she added.
Jack White meanwhile shared a blistering attack on social media, in which he lambasted Trump and made a point to highlight several groups who will be affected by the convicted felon’s presidency: “Americans chose a known, obvious fascist and now America will get whatever this wannabe dictator wants to enact from here on in… Immigrants?
“He wants you out. Minorities? He doesn’t care about you at ALL. Women? You know exactly what he thinks of you. Dying on the stretcher from a miscarriage of your rapist’s pregnancy?”
Ariana Grande and Selena Gomez also offered their fans comfort after Trump was re-elected as the President of the United States.
Kid Rock, who has been a longtime supporter of Trump, salso hared a message on social media following Trump’s re-election: “First off, let me convey to my family, friends, and supporters that now is not the time to gloat.”
“We must remember that most of our left-leaning friends are good people, who want the same things in life as we do, but simply think differently on how to get there. It is now time to be the bigger man, to extend an olive branch and unite all reasonable people of this great nation.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.