Virgin Radio
12 Aug 2024, 07:53
Credit: Rex
The Paris 2024 Olympics have drawn to a conclusion with a closing ceremony which featured Tom Cruise, but viewers were left somewhat perplexed by one aspect of the musical performances during the event.  
Before Hollywood star Cruise made a dramatic entry into the Stade de France, a host of musical talent took to the stage to entertain the crowd, the athletes and a huge TV audience across the world.
Acclaimed French band Phoenix led the proceedings, delivering a bunch of their own hits - including 1901 and Lisztomania - and were joined onstage by the likes of Air, Kavinsky and Ezra Koenig from Vampire Weekend.
------------------------------------
DON'T MISS:
Richard Osman teases fans with thrilling Thursday Murder Club update
Who are the celebrities taking part in Strictly Come Dancing 2024?
Celebrity Race Across The World 2024 line-up revealed and start date confirmed
------------------------------------
However, BBC viewers were left confused by technical issues with the sound coming through their telly speakers as the musicians played live in the stadium.
One wrote: “The person doing the sound at this closing ceremony does not deserve a gold medal.”
Another added: “The sound mix for the Olympics closing ceremony is driving me dotty like… why does it sound so bad?? What a shame when such great French acts have been lined up.”
A viewer wrote: “Some major sound mixing issues during these Olympic closing ceremonies. I wanted to hear those singers! Instead, I was hearing like 3 different sources in a crazy echo.”
Some X users explained that the issue was likely stemming from the audio being picked up by the commentators’ microphones, causing an echo.  One wrote: “The sound mix of the ceremony itself is just fine. It’s suffering because it’s so loud it’s being picked up by the commentary mics, causing the echo. I’m surprised they’re not using lip mics, which would help a lot.”
Others suggested that the sound was better when watching on Eurosport. 
Despite the sound issues, fans still enjoyed the performance from Phoenix. One wrote: “Man, if this gets Phoenix an even wider audience it’s a great thing for the world. Their show (and, of course, their music) absolutely rips.”
Later in the broadcast, after Mission: Impossible star Cruise had abseiled from the roof as musician H.E.R. played guitar on stage, the action moved to LA, where Red Hot Chili Peppers, Billie Eilish, Snoop Dogg and Dr Dre performed on the beach.
The switch from France to the US, represented the fact that the next Olympics will be held in LA in 2028. 
Advertisement
Gladiators ready? Contestants ready? Congregation ready? Gladiators star Ace 
Philip Glenister has described the cancelled Life on Mars sequel as a “mixed blessing” after being...
National comedy treasure Al Murray has opened up about parenting and grandparenting
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit