Dressed as a green goblin, Princess Poppy from "RuPaul's Drag Race" walks the red carpet at the 75th Emmy Awards on Monday, Jan. 15, 2024 at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles. (Photo by Mark Von Holden/Invision for the Television Academy/AP Images)Mark Von Holden/Invision/AP
Emmys in memoriam leaves out big names
Some big names were snubbed at the 2024 Emmy Awards in memoriam segment. Entertainment Weekly reports “Friends” star Matthew Perry, sitcom legend Norman Lear, “Murder She Wrote” star Angela Lansbury, and dancer/DJ Stephen “Twitch” Boss were among the late stars honored during the Emmys on Monday night. But Jerry Springer, Jerry Springer, Julian Sands, Ray Stevenson, Tom Sizemore, Raquel Welch, Lisa Loring, Al Brown, and Charles Kimbrough — who all died this past year — were left out as Charlie Puth and The War and Treaty performed “See You Again” and the Rembrandts’ “I’ll Be There for You.”
Who was green goblin at Emmys?
The Emmys red carpet featured an unusual star that looked like a Spider-Man villain. The Green Goblin appeared outside the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles, wearing a halter gown that matched its green skin along with white long hair, prosthetic ears and a nose. ET reports the wild look was “RuPaul’s Drag Race” star Princess Poppy, who joined fellow drag queens for the Emmy Awards. “I wanted to do the exact opposite of what is expected of you when you go to an event like this. I wanted to take decorum and turn it on its head,” Poppy told EW. RuPaul’s long-running show went on to win the award for outstanding reality competition.
MORE BUZZ:
Buzz is a daily roundup of entertainment news about movies, TV, music and celebrities.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices