Justin Bieber recalled his "encounters" in the music industry.
The 30-year-old singer, who shot to fame as a teen, said he doesn't want other young pop stars like Billie Eilish to "go through anything I went through". He hasn't spoken about the arrest of his former mentor P Diddy, who has been jailed and faces sex trafficking charges.
Justin gave advice to a then 18-year-old, Billie Eilish, who was a rising star in the music business. He said he wanted to protect the singer from harm as she started out in the industry.
READ MORE: 'Risk warning' issued over 'disturbing' film that is 'impossible to recommend'
Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
In an interview in 2020 with Zane Lowe for Apple Music, the Baby star was in tears talking about his experiences as a youngster. His voice started to break as he discussed feeling lost and abandoned.
He said: "It was hard for me being the music industry and being that young and not knowing where to turn and everyone, you know, telling me they loved me, and, you know, just turn your back on you in a second."
He continued: "If she [Billie] ever needs me I'm going to be here for her... but, yeah, just protecting those moments because people take for granted... encounters... and... I just want to protect her.
"I don't want her to go through anything I went through. I don't wish that upon anybody." Interviewer Zane looked upset while listening to Justin's past struggles.
The singer recently welcomed his first child, son Jack Blues into the world with wife Hailey. A source told People the new dad has been "in a happy bubble" since the birth and "just wants to focus on being a great dad and husband."
Justin and 27-year-old model Hailey are proud parents to son Jack Blues Bieber. It's said Justin was "over the moon" to become a dad and that he and Hailey are "overjoyed" with the arrival.
A source told People: "They're doing well. They're both overjoyed. The baby is such a miracle. He's adorable and doing well! Hailey's doing well, too. The pregnancy was something that they very much wished and prayed for."
"The day they found out that Hailey was pregnant was the best ever for Justin. He was over the moon with excitement. It was a big celebration for them. Justin's already a great dad."
The Love Yourself singer confirmed he had become a dad with a snap of the newborn's foot held by new mum Hailey. He captioned the picture: "WELCOME HOME. JACK BLUES BIEBER." They announced they were expecting a child in May and revealed Hailey was six months along at the time.
Hailey was six months pregnant when they announced the news and hid her small bump using "big jackets". She told W magazine: "I was honestly able to keep it quiet because I stayed small for a long time. I didn't have a belly, really, until I was six months pregnant, which was when I announced it. I was able to wear big jackets and stuff."
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.