By 

	Charisma Madarang


Kelly Clarkson took on another iconic hit on Friday’s episode of her talk show. During her Kellyoke segment, the host delivered a cover of Chaka Khan‘s Grammy-winning song “Ain’t Nobody” — the Rock and Roll Hall of Famer’s 1983 track with Rufus from their live album, Stompin’ at the Savoy.

	“Ain’t nobody/Loves me better/Makes me happy/Makes me feel this way,” Clarkson belted out while backed by My Band Y’all. When looking back at her legacy, Khan told Rolling Stone in a December 2023 interview that she “never, ever once thought that I’d be as well-known as I am today.” She explained, “Because that happened totally without my having to do anything with it, [besides] just my songs. I didn’t have great people presenting me in a big way to the world. I am still amazed at how loved I am in this industry.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Earlier this week, Clarkson performed a rendition of “Edge of Midnight,” the remixed deep cut from Miley Cyrus‘ Plastic Hearts that fuses her single “Midnight Sky” with Stevie Nicks‘ 1981 track “Edge of Seventeen.” The talk show host also took on the Oscar-winning song “What Was I Made For?” by Billie Eilish last month (Clarkson is a fan of the Happier Than Ever star and previously said she “wished she could’ve written” the title track from Eilish’s second studio album, which Clarkson included on her 2022 Kellyoke covers EP.)

	










	With five seasons of The Kelly Clarkson Show wrapped, Rolling Stone recently compiled Clarkson’s 20 best Kellyoke classics so far — tracks “What Was I Made For?,” the Bleacher’s “I Wanna Get Better,” “Queen of the Night” by Whitney Houston, and Taylor Swift’s “Clean” featured on the list.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.