By 

	Kalia Richardson


	Indie rock duo The Kills released a soulful rendition of Billie Eilish‘s somber single “Happier Than Ever,” which will be featured on the duo’s upcoming EP Happier Girls, dropping this Friday.

	The Kills, made up of singer Alison Mosshart and guitarist Jamie Hince, first performed an acoustic rendition of the 2021 hit during a Sirius XM taping in 2023. Mosshart said in a press statement that Laurence Bell, the founder of independent record label Domino, reached out after listening to the radio show and encouraged the rock duo to make a recording on the electric guitar.  

	“I’d always really dug ‘Happier Than Ever’ and found myself singing it around the house all the time,” Mosshart said. “It seemed like a good choice since I loved it and loved singing it.”

	The EP will be available in physical and digital formats. A 7″ vinyl will feature the “Happier Than Ever” rock cover and “My Girls My Girls” from their 2023 EP God Games. The digital EP will add God Games tracks “103,” “New York,” and “Better Days.” The Kills reunited with producer Paul Epworth, the band’s first soundman from back in 2002, for the 12-track album God Games. 

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	“Here we were in London, recording a non-electric EP and what’s the first song on it?” Mosshart said, of “Happier than Ever.” “An electric cover of the acoustic cover we did… and the more electricity the better. Thank you Billie for writing such a brilliant song!” 

	As part of the The Kills tour, the rock duo have upcoming fall shows in Jackson, Mississippi, and New Orleans along with pitstops at Mempho Music Festival in Memphis; the Billy Reid Shindig in Florence, Alabama; and Festival Hipnosis in Mexico City. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.