Fortnite's latest update is live now, and includes some fan favourite weapons from seasons past as well as some more Marvel Skins.
Fortnite is back once again following some downtime earlier today with the third major update of Chapter 5 Season 2. Today's update brings Billie Eilish to Fortnite Festival, adds some brand new Farming features to Lego Fortnite, new Marvel skins, and, of course, some updates for Battle Royale and Zero Build too. Despite changes being made to Battle Royale and Zero Build, Epic Games hasn't released any patch notes for the two modes. This means that there were likely no balance changes made in today's update – so Waterbending is still going to be absolutely cracked.
While not a huge update for Battle Royale and Zero Build, like the previous Avatar update which flipped the game on its head, Fortnite update 29.30 has some important changes included. Most notably, the Tactical Assault Rifle has returned to the game after being removed from the weapon rotation when Chapter 4 Season 2 launched. Also returning is the Legacy Hand Cannon, which last appeared in Fortnite OG. However, only an Epic variant of the weapon has been included this time.
Also included in the new update are two skins based on Marvel's Thor Ragnarok (just in time for the movie's November 2017 release date!) with Gladiator Hulk and Hela skins arriving in the item shop today.
Epic has also included a new change to how Emotes work (as announced on the Fortnite website ). With Fortnite update 29.30 a new option has been added under the Account and Privacy tab in settings called 'See Confrontational Emotes' . This new setting allows players to select whether they can see emotes that are 'used in confrontational ways' so if you get blasted and someone hits out with the emote in the spectate, you will see them standing still. The emotes affected are as follows:
Thankfully Epic hasn't included the Griddy or John Cena U Can't See Me emotes – which are my go-to's when I fancy being toxic in Fortnite. This new setting also won't affect anyone's ability to use the emotes in question, so you'll still see your character performing them if you fancy.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.