"It's all I think about"
Billie Eilish has been raving about BoJack Horseman, describing it as “the greatest show of all time”.
The adult animated comedy, created by Raphael Bob-Waksberg, ran on Netflix for six seasons from 2014 to 2020 and revolved around the title character, a washed-up star of a ‘90s sitcom who is striving for a return to relevance.
Eilish has spoken of her love for the show in a new interview with Complex, in which she was asked about her recent obsessions.
“I’ve just been thinking about BoJack Horseman constantly,” she said. “It’s all I think about. I just finished watching it a second time and I think it’s the greatest show of all time. It is so genius.”
“The writing is so smart and fucking dark and deep,” she continued. “I’ve seen it a few times in total and every time I finish it, I’m like, ‘OK, let’s count down until I’m allowed to rewatch it again’.”
The show wrapped up after its extended sixth season in early 2020, and shortly afterwards, one of its voice stars Alison Brie spoke about her regrets over playing the Vietnamese-American character Diane Nguyen.
“In hindsight, I wish that I didn’t voice the character of Diane Nguyen,” she wrote. “I now understand that people of color, should always voice people of color. We missed a great opportunity to represent the Vietnamese-American community accurately and respectfully, and for that I am truly sorry. I applaud all those who stepped away from their voiceover roles in recent days. I have learned a lot from them.”
As for Eilish, her hit single ‘Birds Of A Feather’ was named as the 12th best song of 2024 by NME. “Is ‘Birds Of A Feather’ a pure love song, an attempt to undo a breakup, or a vision of her death?” NME wrote. “The Billie Eilish of a few years ago might have leaned into the darkness, but here, every element wants to pull her into the light – resulting in the most gorgeous melodies of her career.
She has also been nominated for Record of the Year, Album of the Year and Song of the Year at the 2025 Grammys, with ‘Birds Of A Feather’ also up for Best Pop Solo Performance.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.