Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Glastonbury Festival's very own Emily Eavis has spilled the beans on when the beloved music event might take its next breather. Chatting with Annie Mac and Nick Grimshaw on their fresh video podcast, which you can catch on BBC Sounds or feast your eyes on via BBC iPlayer, Emily dished out the deets.
In a juicy snippet from 'Sidetracked by Glastonbury: Emily Eavis', she mused over a possible pause in 2026, post the 2025 festivities. "We might do a fallow year after that [2025]," she revealed to the DJ duo. Annie chimed in, "Yeah, because it will have been what, three or four years?"
 Emily confirmed, "It's looking like we are due a fallow year," highlighting how crucial these breaks are for letting the land recover and the cows to have a proper munch on the farm. "I think it's important. I think it gives everybody a little time to just switch off. And the public as well, you know, because it does take, I know we're in the middle of it, but it is a lot, isn't it? And then you kind of go away for a little bit, and it feels lovely when you come back," reports the Liverpool Echo. 
Annie nodded, "It's incredibly sensible. I think it's probably a lot to do with how long the festival's lasted."
Emily agreed, adding her two cents about keeping the festival's spirit alive: "And I think it's quite good not to just, seen to be, like just cashing in and stuff, you know? At the best time we could just go for it, and it's like 'no, we're not going to actually'. It's so important that ethos, now more than ever."
The organiser shared that it's key to "calm it all down" for a bit, then return with a "renewed excitement".
It's essentially when the festival takes a breather for one year, which typically happens every five to six years. The purpose? To let the land recover and give both locals and organisers some much-needed respite.
Glastonbury had its last scheduled fallow year in 2018, but the Covid-19 pandemic led to an unplanned two-year hiatus in 2020 and 2021, coinciding with what would have been the festival's golden jubilee. It made a comeback in 2022, boasting headliners like Billie Eilish, Paul McCartney, and Kendrick Lamar.
This year's festivities are set from Wednesday, June 26 to Sunday, June 30. Get ready for headliners Dua Lipa, Coldplay, and SZA, plus Shania Twain gracing the Legend's Tea Time slot on Sunday afternoon.
In her chat, Emily also touched on the "worst part of the job" - handling ticket sales. She mentioned the festival probably won't switch to a ballot system for tickets because it might attract people who aren't as keen on attending.
She empathised with fans who couldn't snag tickets, acknowledging the sad truth that there simply "aren't enough tickets for everybody."
For more information on this year’s line-up, visit here.