By 

	Larisha Paul


Finneas is trapped in an endless cycle of love and hurt in the music video for his new single “For Cryin’ Out Loud.” As the musician interrogates some particularly anxious attachment styles on the song, he falls down an elevator shaft, gets stuck with a knife, gets hit by a car, and continues to find himself in the most unfortunate of circumstances in the video. 

	In the visual, written and directed by Isaac Ravishankara, Finneas‘ cycle of misfortunes always begins with him being hurt after he leaves the woman he’s with or she leaves him. Each time he’s hurt, he respawns in a dark room full of chairs, where a brass band plays out the song. And each time, he keeps going back for more.

	“For Cryin’ Out Loud” arrives as the first single and title track from Finneas’ forthcoming second studio album, For Cryin’ Out Loud, out Oct. 4. The 10-track record will mark his first as a leading artist since releasing Optimist in 2021.

	










	The brass band in the music video is a nod to the shift in Finneas’ creative process during the making of the album. For the first time, he loosened his grip on controlling virtually every aspect of his own music by inviting outside instrumentalists into his bubble. He’s used to more contained collaborations, like his recent work with his sister Billie Eilish on her third studio album Hit Me Hard and Soft. But this time, he opted for live studio sessions with other musicians in place of his usual bedroom-as-studio production style.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	“I made my last album completely alone in a room,” Finneas told Rolling Stone earlier this year. “And that was satisfying to some degree, because I just worked on it until it sounded how I wanted it to sound. But it was really lonely and I didn’t feel like, ‘This is the best possible way it could sound, I’m so glad I made it alone.’ I thought I did an OK job. So on this album, I’ve made a point to be hyper-collaborative. Fortunately, most of my friends are producers.” At the time, he had been in the studio with artists like Jack Harlow and Sara Bareilles. 

For Cryin’ Out Loud! Track List“Starfucker”“What’s It Gonna Take To Break Your Heart?”“Cleats”“Little Window”“2001”“Same Old Story”“Sweet Cherries”“For Cryin’ Out Loud!”“Family Feud”“Lotus Eater”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.