By 

	Tomás Mier


Billie Eilish‘s ex can now blame Christian Bale for the end of their relationship.

	In a new interview with Amelia Dimoldenberg ahead of the Academy Awards, Eilish shared that she had an epiphany about her relationship after seeing The Dark Knight actor in a dream.

	“I got to be real,” Eilish said as her brother Finneas let out a laugh. “A couple years ago I had a dream about Christian Bale and it was at a little cafe in the sunlight, and it made me realize that I had to breakup with my boyfriend.”

	“I woke up and I came to my senses,” she added.

	Before the revelation, Eilish admitted she didn’t “really know much about superheroes,” but said that “Batman is the one.” 

	Elsewhere in the Oscars Nominees ‘Pre-Luncheon’ Luncheon interview, Eilish spoke about her favorite Spice Girls, her “violent” tendencies during Uno, and how she hates being asked “Are you happy?” on red carpets.

	It’s a big month for the musician, who’s nominated for Best Original Song for her Barbie standout “What Was I Made For?” — a top contender for the honor.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	The silly new interview comes after she presented the Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series alongside Melissa McCarthy during the SAG Awards. She also revealed in an Instagram post late last month that her upcoming album was “mastered.”

	In September 2023, Eilish said in an interview with The Cookout that she was nearing completion on her much-anticipated follow-up to 2019’s Happier Than Ever. “There is lots of music coming,” Eilish said at the time. “There is a whole album of music coming. We’re in the final stages of making it, so that doesn’t mean it’s about to come out, but it is getting there, and it’s very exciting.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.