ByKris Holt
ByKris Holt,
 Contributor. 
Find the links between the words to win today's game of Connections.
Looking for Thursday’s Connections hints and answers instead? You can find them here:
Hey, gang! Let’s round out the week by maintaining your Connections streak as we roll into the weekend.
Today’s NYT Connections hints and answers are coming right up.
Connections is a free, popular New York Times daily word game. You get a new puzzle at midnight every day. You can play on the NYT website or Games app.
You’re presented with a grid of 16 words. Your task is to arrange them into four groups of four by figuring out the links between them. The groups could be things like items you can click, names for research study participants or words preceded by a body part.
There’s only one solution for each puzzle, and you’ll need to be careful when it comes to words that might fit into more than one category. You can shuffle the words to perhaps help you see links between them.
FEATURED | Frase ByForbes™
Unscramble The Anagram To Reveal The Phrase
Pinpoint By Linkedin
Guess The Category
Queens By Linkedin
Crown Each Region
Crossclimb By Linkedin
Unlock A Trivia Ladder
Each group is color coded. The yellow group is usually the easiest to figure out, blue and green fall in the middle, and the purple group is usually the most difficult one. The purple group often involves wordplay.
Select four words you think go together and press Submit. If you make a guess and you’re incorrect, you’ll lose a life. If you’re close to having a correct group, you might see a message telling you that you’re one word away from getting it right, but you’ll still need to figure out which one to swap.
If you make four mistakes, it’s game over. Let’s make sure that doesn’t happen with the help of some hints, and, if you’re really struggling, today’s Connections answers. As with Wordle and other similar games, it’s easy to share results with your friends on social media and group chats.
Scroll slowly! Just after the hints for each of today’s Connections groups, I’ll reveal what the groups are without immediately telling you which words go into them.
Today’s 16 words are...
And the hints for today’s groups are:
Need some extra help?
Be warned: we’re starting to get into spoiler territory.
Today’s groups are...
Spoiler alert! Don’t scroll any further down the page until you’re ready to find out today’s Connections answers.
This is your final warning!
Today’s Connections answers are...
No perfect game today once again, but hey, I'm up to six wins in a row so that counts for something.
I promise I'm telling the absolute truth that when I saw SOLO on the top row before looking at the rest of the grid, I was certain that it was part of a Star Wars-related group. Maybe that's largely because I've been playing the mostly fun Star Wars Outlaws lately. In any case, I got the blues first.
If I'd been a little more cautious, I would have gotten a perfect game, but I tripped up on the greens. I guessed a group of FIGURE, INDIVIDUAL, CHARACTER and PERSON then swapped out FIGURE for SUSPECT. I then realized what the yellow group was, and went back to the greens.
That left the purple group for the win. I should have deduced that as well.
That’s all there is to it for today’s Connections clues and answers. Be sure to check my blog for hints and the solution for Saturday’s game if you need them.
P.S. As tempted as I am to drop in Smash Mouth's "All Star" given the some-body green connection, I'll refrain. On a few occasions that I've asked Alexa to play "Pink Pony Club" or "Please, Please, Please" in recent days, it's followed up those tracks with Billie Eilish's "Ocean Eyes." It was immediately clear from this, her debut single as a 13-year-old, that she was going to be a very, very special artist: