By CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:12, 7 May 2024   |  Updated:  11:03, 7 May 2024   
 12
View  comments
Fans hoping to see Taylor Swift attend the Met Gala this year were left disappointed after the pop star failed to turn up to fashion's biggest night on Monday. 
The last time Swift had attended the Met Gala was back in 2016, when she was co-chairing the 'Manus x Machina' themed event. 
Swift, 34, is still in the midst of her Eras Tour, and is next scheduled to perform in Paris  on May 9.
It came after Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour reignited speculation Swift would be in attendance after she reportedly told Jenna Hager, 'I hope she comes and enjoys the exhibit.' 
Fans took to Twitter to express their disappointment, with one posting: 'the met gala is over for me unless taylor swift shows up.'
Fans hoping to see Taylor Swift attend the Met Gala this year were left disappointed after the pop star failed to turn up to fashion's biggest night on Monda
'Wow Taylor Swift didn’t show up even after Anna Wintour requested her presence. #MetGala,' another posted.
'She should have been at the Met tonight,' another posted.
'met gala is over ?? no rihanna? no beyonce? no billie eilish? no taylor swift? no katy perry? no lady gaga? no blake lively? Wth?? Why??????' one Twitter user remarked.
One theorized Swift's absence had more to do with her feud with Kim Kardashian.
'I’m not sure why so many people were expecting Taylor Swift at the Met Gala. The Met Gala is Kardashian territory. Tay hasn’t been since the beef started and that is not a coincidence,' they posted.
'no billie eilish, taylor swift, rihanna, blake lively, katy perry… the met gala is so over,' another posted along with a crying emoji.
'No Rihanna, Katy Perry, Taylor Swift, Beyonce or Lady Gaga at the Met Gala so far. For me personally I'm losing interest,' one wrote. 
It came after Wintour reignited speculation that Swift could be in attendance at this year's Met Gala. 
Fans took to Twitter to express their disappointment, with one posting: 'the met gala is over for me unless taylor swift shows up.'
Jenna Bush Hager conducted a face-to-face interview with Vogue's global editorial director, and later confirmed to her Today cohosts that she had asked the 74-year-old whether or not Taylor would be walking the famous steps on Monday evening.
Recalling how the exchange went down, Jenna, 42, referred to her eldest daughter and said: 'I also had to ask, because Mila Hager asked if Taylor was gonna be there, and she (Anna) said, "I hope she comes and enjoys the exhibit."
'So that could be yes, that could be no, which is what the reports are sort of saying,' Jenna added, with cohosts Hoda Kotb, Savannah Guthrie, Sheinelle Jones, and Craig Melvin appearing to be very intrigued.
'And your accent is on point,' Hoda, 59, joked as Sheinelle, 46, - who is attending the Met Gala on Monday evening - admitted: 'You just made me excited.'
It came after Vogue editor-in-chief Anna Wintour reignited speculation Swift would be in attendance after she reportedly told Jenna Hager, 'I hope she comes and enjoys the exhibit'
The Shake It Off hitmaker, who recently released her new album The Tortured Poets Department, is thought to be skipping the high-fashion event for a simpler reason: her conflicting tour schedule; pictured last year 
Swift pictured at the Met Gala back in 2013
Last week it was reported that Taylor and her football player boyfriend, Travis Kelce, wouldn't be attending this year's gala.
The Shake It Off hitmaker, who recently released her new album The Tortured Poets Department, is thought to be skipping the high-fashion event for a simpler reason: her conflicting tour schedule.
Instead, Taylor will be preparing to continue her highly successful Eras Tour, which will see her perform at the Paris La Défense Arena on Thursday, May 9.
Further, TMZ reported earlier in April that Taylor and Travis, also 34, would be skipping the prestigious event, though neither have spoken publicly about the reason for their decision to sit it out.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group