Kevin Courtney.
This isn't a great time to be an election worker in the U.S. A segment of voters views anyone tied to the election process with suspicion, if not hostility.
But was I worried when I signed up to work five days at a Vote Center in American Canyon? I was not. This is Napa County, not some redneck backwater.
My time at the Holiday Inn Express & Suites was mostly boring. Voters stayed away in droves.
With so much time to kill, I had to dig deep within myself the way prisoners must do when thrown into solitary. Daydreaming proved to be a winner. I surprised myself by reading an entire book: "A Spy Among Friends: Kim Philby and the Great Betrayal."
Thank heavens I was part of a five-person team. We talked endlessly about emigrating from Mexico, growing up in San Francisco and the Philippines, what’s wrong with the Warriors. I’d never worked with a more interesting, more diverse group.
On my second day I learned that American Canyon goes by a snappy abbreviation: A.C. How had I not known this?
While I enjoyed our bull sessions, I needed more. I'd signed up to help voters vote. Where were they?
John Tuteur, Napa County's registrar of voters, dropped in with an explanation. The March 5 primary is "a snoozer for the whole state," he said. And of those who will vote, 95% will do so by mail.
Of course! Virtually everyone had been mailed a ballot to mark and return in the mail. Nothing could be easier, faster. Why haul your carcass down to a Vote Center?
In fact, there are many reasons. Some said they never got a mailed ballot. Some said they got one but lost it. Others just preferred to vote in person.
"I didn't fight for this country to put it in the mail," a stocky fellow declared.
Another voter put it more sweetly: "It just feels more authentic."
A middle-aged woman said she was voting in person "because I've been reading too many crazy things on social media." When we offered her the choice of a traditional paper ballot or an electronic ballot marking device, she chose paper.
I wondered what was going through her head. Did she think paper was less vulnerable to "the steal"?
“Voting used to be simple,” another voter said. Go to your neighborhood polling place, mark your preferences on paper in ink. “Worked every time.”
The Vote Center finally got busy on Tuesday, the traditional Election Day. A steady stream of humanity came through the Holiday Inn doors.
This burst of activity felt good. No more reading. No more endless chitchat. Processing voters was what my team and I were made for (A shoutout here to Billie Eilish’s “What Was I Made For” song).
A bunch of voters came to change their party affiliation to Republican so they could pick a GOP candidate for president. Any guesses as to who this candidate likely was?
People voting for the first time, especially newly minted American citizens, gave me the warm fuzzies. Often they brought their children to watch an act of citizenship that may not have been possible in their country of birth.
Practically everyone walked out with an "I Voted" sticker. Many departed with two or three.
I can’t begin to tell you how much my coworkers and I loved handing them out. We did it with the joy of someone throwing confetti after a wedding ceremony.
The stickers made voting seem cool and fun. They helped us forget how monumentally serious the acting of voting is these days.
Kevin can be reached at kfcourtney@yahoo.com.
More in Kevin Courtney's Napa Journal — Adventures of everyday life (10 of 81)
1
2
3
Friends and family of Berryessa's Turtle Rock bar collected the money pined to the ceiling of the cafe to donate to UCSF and celebrate the 15-year 'cancerversary' of Elijah Leung.
Take a ride around Napa on these motorized ADA-compliant scooters made to look like various critters and creatures, courtesy of Napa Valley Rydables.
Most of Napa’s River Park Shopping Center tenants cater to locals, not wine country visitors. Now a handful of tenants have left the center, or plan to. What's up at River Park? 
Protests will take place in Napa and across the Bay Area on Thursday as part of what are expected to be over 900 nationwide demonstrations for May Day.
The sheriff's office reported seizing 13 roosters from a Carneros site where it said the birds were altered and trained to fight other male birds.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Receive a daily update, along with our weekly Thursday e-edition.
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.