Billie Eilish will touch down at State Farm Arena on Nov. 3 for the second edition of her Overheated climate sustainability conference. The follow-up to last year’s debut event in London, the first U.S. version will feature an appearance from the “Birds of a Feather” singer, as well as a panel of climate activists, thought leaders, artists and others hosting discussions and offering resources to help take on the climate crisis.

	The event will take place from 10 a.m.-4 p.m. and though only 300 tickets were made available to fans, those who can’t attend can watch it from home via a livestream on YouTube from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. ET on the official Eilish channel.

	“I am thrilled that we can bring this unique event to Billie‘s US fans. And to people from all over who can watch the livestream,” said Eilish’s mother, Maggie Baird, in a statement. “At this time, more than ever we need everyone to be a climate activist.” Overheated is a collaboration between the singer and Support + Feed, the plant-based food initiative founded by Baird, with organizers offering plant-based meals to all attendees.

	Among the panels on tap for the event are: “Environmental Justice 101,” “The stories We Tell,” “What We Eat Matters,” “Fashion Your Future,” “Climate Optimism” and “Your Vote, Your Power.” The gathering will highlight a variety of “accessible actions for audience members to take in making a positive impact on their communities and the planet,” according to a release. “This year, the event will also be highlighting the importance of political actions that champion climate solutions.”

	Panelists and special guests include: Saad Amer, Corinea Austin, Maggie Baird, Xiye Bastida, Daniel Blackman, Brea Baker, Abre’ Conner, Quintin Crumpler, Jasmine Crowe-Houston, Helena Gualinga, Wawa Gatheru, Isaias Hernandez, Dr. Ayana Elizabeth Johnson, Jamila Norman, Samata Pattinson, Maya Penn and Angela Watts; click here to find out more about the speakers.

	Check out the Overheated announcement below.
A post shared by OVERHEATED (@overheated)
STREAM THE RIVER!