Receive a weekly collection of news, features and reviews
                    

                        Est 1923
                    

Hattie Butterworth

                Wednesday, November 27, 2024
            


The record label collaborates on six initial concerts with the Kings Cross-based venue

The Apple-owned record label Platoon has announced its partnership with London’s Kings Place for a series of concerts in 2025. Titled ‘Platoon Presents’ the concerts, showcasing Platoon’s artist roster, will begin in January with a collaboration between violinist Daniel Pioro, the Manchester Camerata and Stephen Fry with a version of Vivaldi’s Four Seasons.
Other concerts, which include a range of classical genres and spoken word, are planned up until July. Performances include those from poet and spoken word artist Suli Breaks, Attacca Quartet (recent collaborators on Billie Eilish’s latest album), pianist-composer Belle Chen, composer-performers Stewart Copeland as well as Arash Safaian, alongside baritone James Newby with pianist Joseph Middleton and soprano Ruby Hughes with lutenist Jonas Nordberg.
One of London’s performing arts venues and home to the editorial offices of The Guardian, King’s Place’s artistic direction has recently taken over by Sam McShane. Speaking of the partnership, McShane mentioned the importance of cross-arts collaboration: 'Our new venture between Kings Place and Platoon represents a common vision in classical, contemporary and spoken word programming that places some of the world's most innovative and celebrated artists on our stage throughout 2025. This collaboration of two progressive organisations seeks to connect with audiences in a way that simply wouldn't be possible as two separate entities, showcasing the power of partnership – at a time where our music industry couldn't need it more.'
The award-winning label Platoon identifies groundbreaking talent from around the world, while providing a platform from which artists can build their careers and reach new audiences. Current signings including Saint Harison, RZA, Dalia Stasevska, and Gustavo Dudamel and the LA Phil.
kingsplace.co.uk platoon.ai
If you are a library, university or other organisation that would be interested in an institutional subscription to Gramophone please click here for further information.

                    Gramophone is brought to you by Mark Allen Group
                    Gramophone is part of
                        MA Education & Music Ltd


                        About Mark Allen Group
                    
                    |
                    
                        International licensing