Singer Toyah Willcox and her professional dance partner Neil Jones have become the latest pair to be voted off Strictly Come Dancing 2024.


  It was movie week on Strictly and Saturday (October 5) night saw the celebrities and their professional partners perform movie-themed dances covering films including Harry Potter, Mrs Doubtfire and Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.


  Love Island star Tasha Ghouri topped the movie week leaderboard scoring 34 (out of 40) for her rumba with Aljaz Skorjanec to Billie Eilish’s What Was I Made For? from the Barbie movie.


  Willcox, dressed as Ursula, and Jones performed a samba to the song Poor Unfortunate Souls from The Little Mermaid, during Saturday’s live show but could only manage a score of 15, prompting judge Craig Revel Horwood to describe her as “stuck in the mud”.


  Following the public vote Willcox and Jones were forced into the dreaded dance off on Sunday's (October 6) results show against former England and Arsenal footballer Paul Merson and his partner Karen Hauer.


  This was the second week in a row Willcox had faced the dance off after triumphing over Olympic swimmer Tom Dean and his dance partner Nadiya Bychkova last week.


  The pair once again performed their Little Mermaid-themed samba while Merson and Hauer repeated their cha cha to the Magnificent Seven theme.


  Judges Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel Horwood, Motsi Mabuse and Anton Du Beke all chose to save Merson and Hauer resulting in Willcox being the second celebrity eliminated from this season of Strictly Come Dancing.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by BBC Strictly (@bbcstrictly)






A post shared by BBC Strictly (@bbcstrictly)


  After the judges’ decision, Willcox described her time on the show as “the best two months of my life”.


  She said: “It has been fantastic. I have enjoyed every second. And you (Jones) have been phenomenal, thank you so much.”


  Jones added he had never seen someone “work so hard” on the show.


  “She has made me laugh so much, I have never seen someone work so hard – I’m the one asking for breaks every now and then," he said. 


  "She just kept going, she wanted to learn so much.


  “If you saw her in the hallway she’s been practicing. Everyone’s been telling me ‘have you seen Toyah practicing?’.


  “She’s brilliant and she’s what Strictly is all about, and I’ve loved every moment”


RECOMMENDED READING:


  Willcox, 66, praised Jones for his support, adding: “It was immediate, it had to be Neil. I felt so comfortable and safe.


  “You’re a great teacher, you’re a great friend as well.


  “You’ve just given me a new zest for life, that’s the most valuable thing I’ve come away with.”


Strictly Come Dancing returns next Saturday (October 12) at 6.20pm with the Results Show to follow on Sunday (October 13) at 7.20pm, both on BBC One and BBC iPlayer.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.