Claudia Willen contributed to a previous version of this article, which was first published in 2020.
The Coldplay musician was spotted at the sushi restaurant with the "Fifty Shades of Grey" actor in Los Angeles, a source told People.
The source also said that they both were "cozy, laughing, and affectionate." 
Johnson reportedly attended Martin's concert in Buenos Aires, Argentina, according to Elle. 
The same month, the duo was seen together in Israel, where they both attended a Nick Cave concert and had dinner at Yam Sheva restaurant in Herzliya.
An eyewitness source told Us Weekly, "They came in and they were really, really nice, like extremely nice. It was a surprise. They sat with Nick Cave too. I didn't see them kiss or hold hands or anything like that. They ordered some starters and not a lot of food."
She included a hashtag that said, "modern family."
Paltrow and Martin announced their "conscious uncoupling" in 2014. Their divorce was finalized in 2016, however, they've remained a part of each other's lives and share two children, Apple and Moses. 
"Dakota and Chris are definitely dating. They've gotten to know each other really well and are very comfortable from one another. Chris sends Dakota his music to get her opinion. It's more than just a fling," a source told Us Weekly.
The duo had dinner together at Soho House in Malibu, the first of a series of dates.
"Chris and Dakota arrived together in Chris' car. They met up with friends and had a fun night. They both seemed very happy. They were flirty, and also left the restaurant together," an eyewitness told People. 
Days later, they were seen walking arm-in-arm on the beach. 
A source told People, "They seem to be getting more serious. On Friday, they had dinner with friends. They also hung out at Chris' house and went for a beach walk. They didn't see each other over the holidays and seem excited to be catching up now."
Although they entered through a private entrance, Johnson and Martin also attended Stella McCartney's Autumn 2018 Collection together in Los Angeles in January.
"They walked in holding hands and Dakota was not letting go — she was super into the PDA. When Chris let go of her hand, she slipped her arm through his," an eyewitness told People.
At the National Television Awards, a Digital Spy reporter asked Don about his daughter's relationship with Martin. 
The actor replied, "Yeah, that's... uh troubling, isn't it? No, she's a big girl, she can handle herself!"
People shared an exclusive photo of Johnson and Martin holding hands while chatting with Drew Barrymore at DeGeneres' 60th birthday party. Paltrow and Falchuck attended the gathering as well. 
After the party, Diane Keaton gushed about seeing Martin at the event during an appearance on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show." 
"I'm gonna talk about Chris Martin. He was with Dakota right — they're a couple. Got it? So, what I'm saying is — he's gorgeous," Keaton said.
When asked about Johnson and Martin's relationship at the Global Gift Foundation USA Women's Empowerment Luncheon, Griffith told People, "I adore him!"  
The "Something Wild" actor didn't share further details and added, "But she is very private about her life and I respect that."
Johnson and Martin held hands as they walked the actor's dog, Zeppelin, in Malibu.
"For the past two weeks, they have spent a lot of time together," a source told People.
The source continued, "Chris lives in Malibu and Dakota seems to love hanging out there. They occasionally go for dinner with friends, but mostly have friends over at home. They go to the beach together, and walks around the neighborhood. They seem to enjoy sharing a quiet life. It does seem they are getting more serious."
Fans shared photos of the actor and musician when they were seated at a Radiohead concert in Boston. In one photo, Johnson rested her head on Martin's shoulder. 
People also noted that they were joined by "Breaking Bad" actor Aaron Paul and his wife Lauren Parsekian.
An eyewitness told the magazine, "They stood up for a couple of the ovations."
While Johnson was at the Venice Film Festival, photographers caught photos of the infinity symbol on her arm days after Martin was seen with a strikingly similar tattoo.  
Johnson didn't say much about her relationship during an interview with Tatler, but she did drop a hint that it was going well.
"I'm not going to talk about it, but I am very happy," she said in the interview as reported by E! News. 
Johnson, an advocate for Global Citizen's She Is Equal campaign, spoke at the event and encouraged women to tell their stories. At one point, she even gave out her phone number to the crowd.
She said, "This is my phone number. I want you to call me and tell me your story in a voicemail. Or I want you to send me a message at dakota.johnson@globalcitizen.org and tell me what you've gone through as a woman or girl in the world that's been suffering."
E! News noted that Martin was present in the audience.
TMZ reported that Johnson and Martin threw a gender reveal party with blue and pink balloons for their families and friends. The outlet also said that Johnson's parents, Julia Roberts, and Sean Penn were present. 
A representative for Johnson spoke with Us Weekly to confirm that the actor wasn't pregnant. They also noted that the party was for Johnson's birthday. 
On an episode of "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" following the TMZ article, Johnson said, "The only thing I'm pregnant with is a lot of good ideas, but not any babies."
Johnson and Martin returned to Sushi Park, the restaurant where they were first seen together in 2017, for a date.
Later that month, E! News reported that they celebrated Thanksgiving in New York with Paltrow, Falchuk, Apple, and Moses.
A source told the outlet, "Gwyneth thinks she is lovely. She gets on very well with her and is happy for Chris. They've spent a good amount of time together and have a very nice friendship. The kids really like Dakota and enjoy spending time with her."
"They'll be engaged soon," the source told Us Weekly. "Chris is head over heels."
The source added that Martin didn't want to propose immediately after Paltrow remarried in September 2018.
"He wanted to make sure the kids didn't have too much change all at once. He's a great dad," the source said.
Johnson and Martin were seen walking her dog, Zeppelin, outside in Malibu. Both of them were barefoot in the photo.
Blasberg shared an Instagram photo of Paltrow with her arm around Johnson and captioned the picture, "Consciously throupling."
The outlet reported that Johnson and Martin parted ways.
A source told The Sun, "Chris and Dakota were very easygoing and always seemed really happy together. There was talk of engagement but now he says they have gone their separate ways, which has come as a real surprise to everyone."
Days later, a source told Express that Martin and Johnson "could not have been further apart."
The source continued, "Chris made it clear he wants more kids as soon as possible but Dakota's career has really taken off and that's the last thing she wanted to think about right away. It got to the point, last month, where a light seemed to flick on in both their heads and they realized they were pulling in completely opposite directions - so they decided to call it a day."
A fan account shared a photo of the couple at the "Covers" wrap party on X (formerly known as Twitter), confirming that Martin and Johnson were seeing each other once again. The following evening, Martin reportedly accompanied the actor to the premiere of her film, "The Peanut Butter Falcon."
"They're planning to spend more time together later this summer," a source told E! News. 
Later that month, a source told Us Weekly that Paltrow had encouraged the couple to give their relationship another try.
"Gwyneth is the one who pushed them to do it," the source said. 
The pair seemingly jumped back into their relationship for the remainder of the month, going on a double date with Paltrow and Falchuk in the Hamptons and enjoying a casual meal out in New York City.
The "Working Girl" actor gave her stamp of approval while speaking to People at the Farrah Fawcett Foundation's Tex-Mex Fiesta in Beverly Hills, California. 
"I love my daughter's boyfriend. I think that they're an awesome couple," Griffith said.
The Goop founder shared a black and white photo of the actor and her dog Zeppelin. She wrote, "Happy 30th birthday to this absolute gem."
"I love her," Paltrow told Harper's Bazaar.
She continued, "I can see how it would seem weird because it's sort of unconventional. But I think, in this case, just having passed through it iteratively, I just adore her. I always start to think of the ampersand sign—what else can you bring in, instead of being resistant to or being made insecure by? There's so much juice in leaning in to something like that."
The actor, who launched an independent production company called TeaTime Pictures in February, made her directorial debut on Coldplay's music video for "Cry Cry Cry." 
Johnson and Martin dined at Crossroads Kitchen in Los Angeles, confirming that they're still very much together. 
Johnson created a tutorial on how to properly wash hands during the coronavirus pandemic while pretending Martin's hands were her own. The musician stood behind Johnson and made exuberant gestures with his hands. 
The actor's friend Olivia Wilde shared the video on Instagram and wrote, "Dakota Johnson: Hand wash CHAMPION."
Coldplay performed at O2 Shepherd's Bush Empire in London ahead of the release of the band's ninth studio album "Music of the Spheres."
Before performing "My Universe," Coldplay's collaboration with BTS, Martin pointed to Johnson, who stood on the venue's balcony.
"This is about my universe, and she's here," the musician told the audience, as seen in videos shared on social media.
Martin continued pointing at the actor as he sang the opening lyrics: "You, you are, my universe and I just want to put you first."
While promoting Maggie Gyllenhaal's 2021 film "The Lost Daughter," the actor spoke with Elle about her relationship with Martin. 
Because of their busy work schedules, they prefer to spend much of their free time together at home, Johnson explained. 
"We've been together for quite a while, and we go out sometimes, but we both work so much that it's nice to be at home and be cozy and private," she said, adding, "Most of the partying takes place inside my house."
Around the time of the interview, Martin reportedly sold the $12.5 million Malibu house he and Johnson moved into the year prior.
The couple moved to a $14.4 million home nearby shortly thereafter.
In an interview for "CBS Mornings," Martin spoke about providing SubPacs for fans attending their tour. A SubPac is a tactile audio system in the form of a wearable vest. It allows people who are deaf or hard of hearing to feel bass beyond that of normal speakers.
"My partner, she said, 'I got you a Christmas present, a SubPac," Martin recalled, adding that Johnson explained that Finneas O'Connell wears it onstage when he performs with his sister, Billie Eilish. 
"It vibrates, so it's useful for someone like Finneas to hear where the one is on the bass drum," Martin said.
He shared the same story during another interview for the podcast "Conan O'Brien Needs A Friend."
Days prior, Johnson and her mom supported Martin at Coldplay's concert at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California. 
On Johnson's birthday, the couple dined at an Italian restaurant called Pace, located in LA.
According to MSN, Johnson referenced Martin during a speech at the 2023 Hope for Depression Research Foundation annual luncheon in New York City.
 "A few weeks ago, I was having a low day and my partner said to me, 'Are you really struggling?' and I said 'No?'" Johnson told the crowd.
"And he said, 'Baby, you are wearing a 'Cats' T-shirt.' As in 'Cats' the music," she continued. "So it turns out, I really was struggling. But that moment lifted me up and pulled me out of it." 
The Marvel movie, released on February 14, was panned by critics and fans. Johnson was unbothered by the noise, as she and Martin were photographed holding hands on a beach in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico days later. 
A source told People that they were on "a relaxing vacation" that included going to the beach, meditating, and doing yoga. 
When asked about what makes musicians attractive, Johnson said, "I think it's talent. I think it's the way that they see the world. But I think it really depends on the musician. I've known some shitty ones."
Johnson said that she loves watching Martin perform onstage.
"I could watch him every day," she said. "I don't know how to explain it. I feel like, I don't know... I'm watching my most favorite being do his most favorite thing."
"When people are really good at things, it is [sexy]," Johnson added.
Johnson also spoke glowingly about being a stepmom to Martin's children, whom he shares with Paltrow. 
"I love those kids like my life depends on it. With all my heart," she said. 
As for kids of her own, the actor said that she's open to motherhood and eager to "experience everything that life has to offer."
"And especially being a woman, I'm like, What a magical fucking thing to do. What a crazy, magical, wild experience. If that's meant to happen for me, I'm totally down for it," Johnson said. 
On Friday, the Daily Mail reported that Johnson and Martin ended their engagement and broke up. However, a rep for Johnson confirmed to BI that the pair is still going steady.
"The reports are not true. They are happily together," Johnson's rep told BI in an email statement.
Back in March, a source close to the stars told People that they "got engaged years ago but were in no rush to get married."
Johnson was most recently seen supporting Coldplay's headlining set at the Glastonbury Festival in the UK in June. 
Jump to