Sydney Sweeney has her fans swooning after she was recently pictured wearing hot pants while posing in a tree.
In the first picture, Sydney could be seen swinging from the branch of a tree as she hung upside down and clung on with her feet. The Anyone But You actress had a huge smile on her face as her signature blonde locks tumbled out behind her, worn in loose curls as she grabbed onto the tree with her hands.
The star wore a green Miu Miu jumper, white hot pants and grey sock as she swung above the ground. She appeared to be makeup free and embraced her natural beauty as her skin glowed in the daylight.
READ MORE: Iggy Azalea exposes curves in tiny short tennis skirt and topless shower snaps
READ MORE: Billie Eilish zooms in on curves in rare snap as she teases 'heartbreak' in cryptic post
For the second snap, Sydney crouched up on a branch as she twisted her body to the side and gazed down at the camera. The third picture showed her sitting down as her leg dangled from the tree.
This time, Sydney clutched two cream Miu Miu bags in her hand as she struck a serious pose and pouted for the picture. In the caption, Sydney wrote: “Hanging out with @miumiu #miumiuholiday #miuwander,” as fans flocked to leave compliments in the comment section.
One keen fan wrote: “I have never wanted to be a tree more badly.” Someone else jokingly asked her to “hang out on 14 February” for Valentine’s Day as another fan wrote: “You are the most beautiful in the world [white heart emoji].”
More comments flooded in, with rows of heart-eyed emojis, flame emojis and sweet messages for the Euphoria star. One person branded her a “cutie,” another follower said they “love her so much,” while someone else posted: “Always wonderful on and off set! How much I love this sweet and tender woman that she is!”
Sweeney is known for her raunchy on-screen roles and has previously confessed that she has “no problem” being naked on screen and has “become very confident” due to her recent projects.
The star said: “People forget that I’m playing a character. They think: ‘Oh, she gets naked on screen, she’s a sex symbol and I can’t get past that. I have no problems with those scenes and I won’t stop doing them, but I wish there was an easier way to have an open conversation about what we’re assuming about actors in the industry.”
“I find empowerment through embracing the body that I have. That’s sexy and strong and I don’t think there’s anything wrong with it.”
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.