Shannon Sharpe attends 28th Annual Webby Awards at Cipriani Wall Street on May 13, 2024 in New York City. Megan Thee Stallion performs onstage during the Hot Girl Summer Tour at Crypto.com Arena on June 21, 2024 in Los Angeles, California.
Megan Thee Stallion joined Shannon Sharpe for his Club Shay Shay podcast on Monday (July 1). The "BOA" rapper, 29, has been having an incredible year, and the host gave her the respect she deserves.
<em>(Photo by Paras Griffin/Getty Images for BET)</em>
On the Monday episode, Meg sat down with the former NFL star to chat about topics like her new album MEGAN, paying for features, and wanting to collaborate with Billie Eilish. Before the two got into all of that, Sharpe addressed a joke he made back in November about the Hot Girl that was extremely sexual in nature.
Sharpe, 56, told the Grammy winner, "Meg, before we go any further, I want to apologize to you personally. I always wanted to sit down and have a conversation with you -- I didn’t know if that was going to be possible."
He previously said on the Nightcap podcast that he would have the Houston native "stretched out like quarter to three." Going even further with the bit, Sharpe told the co-host Chad “Ochocinco” Johnson, "I do it three ways, Ocho: deep, hard and continuously. That’s all I got, Ocho. You better stop playing. I’d have her opening up like saloon doors… You know my walk [is] a little off right now, but I still do something a little here and there."
While Megan was listening to his apology and retained a cool demeanor, Sharpe continued, “I said it in jest, but I believe the joke would’ve been just as funny had I left you out of it. So, for any unwanted attention, harm, shame, [or] embarrassment that I caused you or your family, I want to say, as a man, as I sit here before you, I apologize.”
The rapper smiled and crossed her hands over her heart and responded, “I appreciate that, thank you." The pair later toasted with Sharpe’s cognac, to which the "Cognac Queen" warned him that she's got high standards. After nosing it and taking a sip, Megan gave Sharpe a good review after being a little weary of it.
Watch the full interview below:
Fans were surprisingly giving Sharpe kudos for apologizing to Thee Stallion. Over on X (formerly Twitter), one person said, "it's good that he apologized face-to-face. owning up to mistakes is important." Some fans still thought Sharpe's joke was hilarious and said things like, "Apologizing for a joke is one thing apologizing for hilarious joke is something else I guess [laughing emoji]." Added another, "This is toooo funny to apologize for almost [laughing emoji]."
More fans gave Sharpe praise for apologizing and commented, "Much respect to Unc for this no doubt." Wrote another fan, "Real man moves !" A third wrote, "[heart emoji] I appreciate Shannon taking responsibility. This is so important. It’s what Meg deserves. Happy to see her have this platform and be comfortable." Added another person, "That's how you do it unc you showed great leadership and accountability [100 emoji]."
Megan Thee Stallion came out on top with her highly anticipated album on Friday (June 28). The Houston rapper's third studio album, MEGAN, came with 18 tracks, plenty of anime references, unapologetic disses, raw emotions, and features with our favorites.
<em>(Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for Live Nation)</em>
As we reported, she announced the new album was on the way earlier this month while performing in Atlanta, Georgia. After the show, she confirmed the surprise news on her social media pages with an artistic photo of the artist coming out of a cocoon and morphing into a butterfly.
Of her new album, the 29-year-old artist said, “This is music I would like if I wasn’t Megan Thee Stallion,” adding that she’s tapping into “other sounds.” She assured her Hotties that the new album is still “very much Megan Thee Stallion. It won’t feel like I went so left. It’ll feel true to me.”
Meg seems to have kept her promise, as MEGAN shows off her evolving and getting better as a rapper, all while having fun in tracks like "BOA," "Otaku Hot Girl," and "Mumushi." Meanwhile, the H-Town hottie calls out every one of her haters in track after track because she is so confident that she is "that bitch" and will prove it time and time again. Fans praised her on social media, and we couldn't find one bad track on the album. As a long-time fan of Meg 2018's Tina Snow, there have always been a few songs we loved from her previous albums, this is the first where we didn't have any songs to delete from our music library.
The Grammy winner debuts the rawest songs we've ever heard from her, with songs showing her true feelings about finding her self-worth, stating how she loves men and women, struggling with loneliness, and sharing her love for Japanese culture. We are in full agreement with fans in how authentic and raw Megan's album conveyed the artist's evolution. There is a song to fit every mood, with no shortage of fun songs for the Summer.
If there's one thing we gathered from the first minute of this song, it's "don't ever forget that Megan Thee Stallion is thick." As the Texas native states: "I'm thicker than my accent," "Bitch, I'm thicker than your bifocals," "I'm thicker than your bloodline," "Thicker than a Popeyes biscuit," "You would think that 'through thick and thin' was a phrase that I invented." Meg and GloRilla blew us away with their "Wanna Be" track from the Tennessee artist's Ehhthang Ehhthang album, the dynamic duo did it again on "Accent." GloRilla commanded total attention when her verse came on halfway through the track, confidently stating, "Whatever I do be cool, n----s love a Memphis bitch."
As an anime fan just like Hot Girl Meg, this song is so much fun to me. It's very playful in the way that she weaves in all of her references. First off, the artist got the English voice actor for the anime character Yuji from Jujutsu Kaisen to say: "I like a tall woman, with a nice, big a--. Just sayin'! Like Grammy-winner Megan Thee Stallion." Then, the rapper starts off with some fire in the chorus: "Can't touch me like Gojo. Look good in all my photos. Just landed in Kyoto. I'm worldwide, these bitches local. Arigato!" Of all the new tracks, this was the first one that made us listen to a few times over and over.
When this [inlink id="megan-thee-stallion-samples-gwen" text="single dropped"], we were immediately a fan. Using Gwen Stefani's 2004 Love. Angel. Music. Baby. song "What You Waiting For?," Meg tips her hat to another artist who loves Japanese culture in using the album with Gwen's Harajuku Girls. The music video is just as fun, with references of classic games like Tekken, Street Fighter, Mortal Kombat, Snake,  Dance Dance Revolution, and films like Scott Pilgrim vs. the World and Jumanji.
Sorry, not sorry for adding another Japanese-inspired track to the best of list. This is the first time the rapper has included songs on a studio album with collaborations with Japanese artists, so we are very excited. In this piano-backed rap, Megan copies Japanese rapper Yuki Chiba in speaking Japanese, which we love. The song's title, "Mamushi," actually means "the darkest one" in Japanese, is a venomous snake found widely in the country.
For those who like a little darker vibe for the summer, that you can still dance and rock to, this is the song for you. "Miami Blue" has a captivating energy to it, with Big K.R.I.T. starting the fifteenth track by rapping, "There must be something in the water." Megan absolutely went off when she said, "It must bе somethin' in the water, look how that a-- sit. Hе want a bad bitch, Megan Thee Stallion."
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!