For late Friday we're celebrating the work of rapper, singer, hotite Doja and checking pop culture, community news and top headlines.
Check TKC news gathering . . .
Kansas City live blog with updates about severe storms and storm warnings as they move through the metro.
The city says its public works, water and parks and recreation departments are ready to deploy in the event of significant weather.
In addition to the possibility of strong winds, hail and potential tornadoes, the National Weather Service is also watching for the potential of flooding across the Kansas City area.
Kansas City renters are taking action after a fire they say North Terrace Property Management could've prevented ousted them from homes.
Gov. Laura Kelly made her final pitch for Medicaid expansion in a speech at the Granada Theatre in Emporia
The saga of Dean Plocher took yet another twist this week, with the House speaker's leadership team circumventing the chamber's rules to try to force the ethics committee to hold a hearing. Plocher has been under investigation by the committee for months, and recently he and his allies have started demanding it convene and dismiss [...]
The lawsuit, led by Republican attorneys general from 17 states, comes after federal regulations were published on implementing the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. The language means workers can ask for time off to obtain and recover from an abortion.
Michael BushnellPublisher Historic Northeast Lofts developer Jonathan Arnold, at a Wednesday evening public engagement session at the Northeast Kansas City Chamber of commerce offices shared additional architectural renderings and statistics...
Doja Cat put on a very cheeky display in a tiny thong swimsuit as she posed on a surfboard in sizzling snaps this week.
Fact check: Biden repeats his claim that he 'got arrested' defending civil rights. There's still no evidence for it
The former president's criminal hush money is set to resume in Manhattan Friday when former National Enquirer publisher David Pecker returns to the witness stand to face cross-examination by the defense.
Rep. Adam Schiff (D-CA) was robbed in San Francisco on Thursday before attending a dinner with wealthy backers of his Senate campaign, which caused him to show up to the event without a suit, to the San Francisco Chronicle.
Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin announced on Friday a $6 billion long-term military aid package for Ukraine - the largest to date - which will allow the US to purchase new equipment produced by the American defense industry for the Ukrainian military.
NBC News found Palestinians were killed in seven deadly airstrikes in areas of southern Gaza that the Israeli military had explicitly designated as safe zones.
Police said a purported recording of the principal making racist and antisemitic remarks, which went viral, was faked..
Experts say women like Billie Eilish should feel free to talk about sex as much as they please - and if you don't like it, you're the problem.
The Royals put up a crooked number in the ninth inning.
The service suffered a cyberattack on April 25 and shut down all systems as a protective measure, disrupting real-time cameras and information boards.
Kansas City's departments are working together to prepare for this weekend's storms.
George Chance recently caught what may be a world-record invasive carp. Rather than mount the 97-pound giant, he buried it in his garden as fertilizer.
Have multiple ways to receive watches, warnings
And this is the OPEN THREAD for right now.
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management