Ryan Gosling attends the 96th Oscars Nominees Luncheon at The Beverly Hilton on February 12, 2024 in Beverly Hills, California.
Ryan Gosling is going to make his first -- and probably last -- Oscars performance soon. Per Variety, the Barbie star will officially perform "I’m Just Ken" live at the Oscars. The song is nominated for Best Original Song for the 96th annual ceremony in less than two weeks. Whether he would agree to show off his singing chops on the Oscars stage has been a big question ever since both Gosling and the song picked up nominations in January. Earlier this month, he told the publication that the Academy hadn't asked him to perform the song. “It might be too much of a risk to have me do it,” he said at the time. “I don’t know how that would work. But I’m open to it.”
Mark Ronson, who wrote the song with Andrew Wyatt, said it was his dream for Gosling to perform at the Oscars. "I’m Just Ken” is one of two Barbie tracks that earned an Oscar nomination for Best Original Song. The other is Billie Eilish and Finneas' tear-jerking "What Was I Made For?," which won the Grammy for Best Song Written for Visual Media over “I’m Just Ken” and fellow Barbie hit “Dance the Night” by Dua Lipa.
The Academy Awards will air live from the Dolby Theater on ABC, abc.com, or the ABC app. on Sunday, March 10 starting at a new earlier time at 7 pm ET, scheduled to end at 10:30 pm ET. A 30-minute pre-show will lead into the live show at 6:30. Jimmy Kimmel returns as host for the fourth time. Zendaya, Michelle Pfeiffer, Nicolas Cage, and Al Pacino are among the first group of presenters for the awards ceremony. Also presenting are last year’s winners: Brendan Fraser, Michelle Yeoh, Ke Huy Quan, and Jamie Lee Curtis. Oscar winners Mahershala Ali, Jessica Lange, Matthew McConaughey, Lupita Nyong’o, and Sam Rockwell are also set to take the stage.
With the 96th annual Academy Awards taking place on March 10, nominations for the coveted awards show have been announced Tuesday morning (January 23).
Jack Quaid and Zazie Beetz announced the nominees live from the Academy’s Samuel Goldwyn Theater. In addition to the Oscars airing live on March 10 from the Dolby Theatre at Ovation Hollywood in Los Angeles, the ceremony will start an hour earlier at 7 p.m. ET. Jimmy Kimmel is returning as the host for the second year in a row, his fourth time hosting the event overall. Watch the show on ABC, streaming on Hulu Live TV, YouTubeTV, AT&T TV and FuboTV, or on ABC.com and the ABC app by authenticating with your provider.
Fantastic films are nominated for this year's Oscars, with Oppenheimer, Barbie, Killers of the Flower Moon, Poor Things, The Holdovers, The Color Purple, Maestro, American Fiction, and Past Lives taking a lot of nominations in the major categories. This year, 321 feature films were eligible for the Oscars, and 265 of those qualified for the Best Picture category. For the first time in history, three of the ten movies nominated for best picture were directed by a female, the most in Oscars history. Justine Triet’s Anatomy of a Fall, Greta Gerwig’s Barbie, and Celine Song’s Past Lives are battling it out against directors Martin Scorsese, Christopher Nolan, and Bradley Cooper. Only four years have included films directed by women for best picture: Lone Scherfig’s An Education, Kathryn Bigelow’s The Hurt Locker, Lisa Cholodenko’s The Kids Are All Right, Debra Granik’s Winter’s Bone, Chloé Zhao’s Nomadland, Emerald Fennell’s Promising Young Woman, Siân Heder’s CODA, and Jane Campion’s The Power of the Dog. Three of these women-directed films won best picture in their respective Oscar-nominated years: The Hurt Locker, Nomadland, and CODA.
Take a look below at this year's Oscar nominations:
Sterling K. Brown -- American Fiction
Robert De Niro -- Killers of the Flower Moon
Robert Downey Jr. -- Oppenheimer
Ryan Gosling -- Barbie
Charles Melton -- May December
Mark Ruffalo -- Poor Things
Emily Blunt — Oppenheimer
Danielle Brooks — The Color Purple
America Ferrera -- Barbie
Jodie Foster -- Nyad
Da’Vine Joy Randolph — The Holdovers
"The Fire Inside" -- Flamin' Hot
"I'm Just Ken" -- Barbie
"It Never Went Away" -- American Symphony
"Wahzhahzhe" -- Killers of the Flower Moon
"What Was I Made For?" -- Barbie
The Boy and the Heron

Elemental
Nimona
Robot Dreams
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
Bradley Cooper -- Maestro
Colman Domingo -- Rustin
Paul Giamatti -- The Holdovers
Cillian Murphy -- Oppenheimer
Jeffrey Wright -- American Fiction
Annette Bening -- Nyad
Lily Gladstone -- Killers of the Flower Moon
Sandra Huller -- Anatomy of a Fall
Carey Mulligan -- Maestro
Emma Stone -- Poor Things
American Fiction

Anatomy of a Fall
Barbie
The Holdovers
Killers of the Flower Moon
Maestro
Oppenheimer
Past Lives
Poor Things
The Zone of Interest
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!