Warning: There are major spoilers ahead for season three of "Bridgerton."
"Bridgerton" is back with more romance, drama, and, of course, classical covers of the biggest pop songs.
Season three, which focuses on Colin Bridgerton (Luke Newton) and Penelope Featherington's (Nicola Coughlan) friends-to-lovers relationship, features recognizable tracks revamped to fit into the Regency era.
Here's a guide to every cover that's part of the season three soundtrack.
During the season three premiere "Out of the Shadows," Penelope Featherington gets frustrated by living at home with her sisters and becomes determined to find a husband this year. So, she ditches her signature citrus-colored gowns and tries out a new hairstyle for Lady Danbury's (Adjoa Andoh) ball.
A classical rendition of Gayle's "abcdefu" plays when Penelope arrives at the ball and reveals a dazzling, sophisticated dark green dress paired with sheer gloves. She catches the attention of fellow attendees — including her longtime crush and future husband, Colin Bridgerton.
During episode two ("How Bright the Moon"), the Vitamin String Quartet's cover of the BTS track briefly plays at a ball as Queen Charlotte (Golda Rosheuvel) observes pairs on the dance floor, including Benedict Bridgerton (Luke Thompson) and Miss Stowell.
After taking notes from Colin's charm lessons, Penelope is finally able to speak more naturally with potential suitors during episode two. A cover of Jonas' solo track "Jealous," performed by Shimmer, plays as Colin watches with slight envy as Penelope converses with Lord Remington. 
The Vitamin String Quartet's cover of "Cheap Thrills" can be heard during episode three ("Forces of Nature") as members of the Ton arrive at the Innovations Ball of 1815.
Violet Bridgerton (Ruth Gemmell) watches as her kids Benedict, Francesa (Hannah Dodd), Colin, and Eloise (Claudia Jessie) head inside. Then a handsome stranger, later revealed to be Lady Danbury's brother Lord Marcus Anderson (Daniel Francis), helps Violet pick her glove up off the ground.
Just as Colin is about to finally ask Penelope if she feels the same way about him during episode three, he's interrupted by Lord Debling (Sam Phillips) whisking her away to dance. As the pair dance to the Vitamin String Quartet's cover of "Happier Than Ever," Colin watches on with jealousy.
Another Taylor Swift cover appears this season — this time from her "Midnights" album — during episode four ("Old Friends").
The song, recorded by Atwood Quartet, can be heard during a pivotal part in the episode, as Penelope asks Lord Debling if love could develop between them over time. Lord Debling admits that his work takes up much of his passion, but he's glad that she has such a full life already.
Colin, who arrived late, interrupts them on the dance floor to talk to Penelope. As Colin and Penelope talk and dance, he tells her that she can't marry Lord Debling because he'll be away for three years. But Penelope is already aware of Lord Debling's plans and is going to accept his proposal.
While dancing with Cressida Cowper (Jessica Madsen), Lord Debling realizes that Penelope sits at her drawing-room window so frequently to catch glimpses of Colin. He ends his courtship with Penelope because he needs to be with someone who isn't preoccupied with feelings for another person.
Episode four culminates in Polin finally getting together, to the tune of a stripped-down version of "Give Me Everything" by Archer Marsh.
After Lord Debling rejects Penelope, she promptly leaves the ball distraught. Colin runs after her carriage and finally admits that he has feelings for her, too.
Then, Penelope tells Colin that she'd like to be more than friends and they have a heated makeout session in the carriage. When the carriage arrives at the Bridgerton home, Colin asks Penelope to marry her.
Penelope and Colin share a lengthy, intimate moment — dubbed the mirror scene by fans — during episode five.
The entire sequence, which is the show's longest sex scene ever, is set to a dreamy cover of Grande's "POV" by Strings from Paris.
In episode six, Thomas Mercier's cover of "Thunder" plays in part during an interaction between Violet and Marcus, and continues when Francesca Bridgerton (Hannah Dodd) and John Stirling (Victor Alli) announce that they plan on getting married.
Demi Lovato's "Confident," covered by Archer Marsh, plays during episode six at the Mondrichs' ball as Cressida crashes the festivities wearing a bright red outfit with impossibly large sleeves. 
After publicly claiming to be Lady Whistledown, everyone at the ball stares at Cressida and whispers about her. 
Vitamin String Quartet's cover of Coldplay's hit song "Yellow" plays as Penelope walks down the aisle at her wedding.
The song is a fitting, spot-on choice, considering that the citrus shade was most associated with Penelope before her season three transformation.
Colin and Penelope have their first dance as a married couple to Duomo's cover of "You Belong With Me" at their wedding breakfast during episode seven. 
A stripped-down cover of "Lights," performed by Archer Marsh, plays during the Dankworth-Finch ball in the season three finale. 
Jump to