We're only a mere few weeks into Strictly Come Danicng's 2024 series and the dance-offs and eliminations are already ruffling feathers. Last weekend there were gasps from viewers as the first couple were sent home.
Olympian Tom Dean and his dance partner Nadiya Bychkova became the first couple to exit the competition, which always takes place during week two of the BBC One dance contest.
Tom and Nadiay found themselves up against singer Toyal Wilcox and her dance partner Neil Jones an the dance-off where both couples performed their routines from Saturday night again, with Tom and Nadiya performing their Cha Cha to Boogie Wonderland by Earth, Wind and Fire then singer Toyah and Neil performed their Jive to Nutbush City Limits by Ike and Tina Turner.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing fans fume as 'stunning' performance 'ruined' by one thing
After both couples danced a second time, the judges delivered their verdicts. Craig Revel Horwood chose to save Toyah and Neil, Motsi Mabuse chose to save Toyah and Neil and Anton Du Beke chose to save Tom and Nadiya. Head judge Shirley Ballas had the casting vote and by saving Toyah and Neil, sent Tom and Nadiya home first.
On Saturday night (October 5), as Strictly returned with its Movie Week special, Love Island star Tasha Ghouri topped the leaderboard scoring 34 out of 40. The 26-year-old performed a “moving” rumba with professional partner Aljaz Skorjanec to What Was I Made For? by Billie Eilish from the Barbie movie.
Morning Live’s Dr Punam Krishan and Gorka Marquez performed the first couple’s choice of the show’s 20th anniversary series to Bole Chudiyan from Bollywood film Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham, coming joint second scoring 33. Miranda star Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola’s Viennese waltz to Hedwig’s Theme from the Harry Potter series, described as a tribute to Dame Maggie Smith, and singer Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu’s version of the same dance to If I Can Dream from Elvis, both also scored 33.
But some Strictly fans have now been left fuming "I'm even more annoyed" after a leaked spoiler revealed which celebrity left the competition this weekend. The results show airs on Sunday but is pre-recorded on the Saturday night after the live show, meaning that the name of the axed star is often leaked online.
While the Manchester Evening News won't be revealing the bottom two or exit results, those who have sought out the information appear to be divided.
One said: "Personally I would have preferred the other contestant to have been sent home, but it was definitely the correct bottom two." Another shared: "Right bottom two. Wrong person went home IMO." A third shared: "I would like to thank the British public for getting it right for once." A fourth added:" After this spoiler I'm even more annoyed."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.