When Niki was just 15, she won a contest and was given the opportunity to open for Taylor Swift’s ‘Red Tour’ in Jakarta.
A decade later, the Indonesian pop star is headlining a tour of her own.
Starting in September, the “lowkey” singer will hit arenas, auditoriums, theaters, ballrooms, music halls, and event centers all over the U.S. and Canada as part of her forthcoming ‘Buzz Tour’ in support of her third studio album with the same name, due out Aug. 9.
That includes a stop at New York City’s SummerStage in Central Park on Friday, Sept. 13 with special guest Allison Ponthier.
“I love uuu I can’t tell u how excited I am to play this new music for you,” Niki shared on Instagram. “See you all again soooon.”
If you want tickets to see Niki deliver the hits as well as debut tracks from her new record live later this year, tickets for all North American concerts can be yours as soon as today.
Based on our findings, fans can now purchase tickets on sites like Vivid Seats for her U.S. and Canada concerts; the official on-sale is Friday, May 17.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all North American tour dates, venues, and links to buy tickets can be found below.
On Oct. 6, 2023, Niki wrapped her ‘Nicole Tour’ in London at the Eventim Apollo.
Here’s what she performed that night, according to Set List FM:
01.) “Before”02.) “Keeping Tabs”03.) “Vintage”04.) “urs”05.) “Autumn”06.) “Backburner”07.) “Anaheim”08.) “There it goes” (Maisie Peters cover)09.) “Take a Chance With Me”10.) “The Apartment We Won’t Share”11.) “Around”12.) “Lose”13.) “Facebook Friends”14.) “La La Lost You”15.) “Split”16.) “Oceans & Engines”17.) “High School in Jakarta”18.) “lowkey”19.) “Every Summertime”
As noted above, Niki’s third studio album “Buzz” will hit shelves on Aug. 9.
However, if you want a taste of the record, you can check out the groovy lead single “Too Much Of A Good Thing” here.
“I went through an identity crisis,” the pop star said about the album. “It took a lot of trial and error, and I just stumbled upon pieces of myself along the way. I named it ‘Buzz’ because it feels like I’m on the precipice of something about to happen.”
At all North American shows, Niki will be joined by folksy singer-songwriter Allison Ponthier.
The 28-year-old is known for her “I Lied” duet with Lord Huron as well as melodic bops “Faking My Own Death,” “Hollywood Forever Cemetery” and “Harshest Critic.”
If you want to do a deep dive, you can find Ponthier’s entire discography here.
Quite a few iconic acts are taking their hits on the road this year.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live these next few months.
• IU aka Lee Ji-eun
• Itzy
• Chappell Roan
• Tate McRae
• Billie Eilish
Plus, her pal Taylor Swift is performing all over the world, too.
Who else is on the road? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change