Billie Eilish fans are certain she is set to release a huge new track with a British pop star.
The American singer-songwriter, 22, has world-wide success thanks to her hits including Bad Guy and Birds of a Feather. However, many fans think her next move will be with one of the UK's biggest stars at the moment. Fans have predicted Billie is set to release a collaboration with Charli XCX.
The pop star's latest album Brat has become the soundtrack of summer already and has launched a whole cultural movement. Charli XCX, real name Charlotte Emma Aitchison, is leading Brat and thrown it into the mainstream. In an interview on BBC Radio’s Sidetracked podcast, Charli explained: "It can [also] be so trashy just like a pack of cigs and a BIC lighter and like a strappy white top with no bra, and that’s kind of all you need."
In a post to her fans, Charli teased: "Brat summer is only just beginning [smiley face]." There are rumours she could be releasing a Brat remix album. It could be coming sooner than expected as Charli posted a snap on her X account of herself next to another person, with their identities covered.
However, it didn't take long for fans to become certain about who was stood next to Charli. Her caption read: "Guess?," and her fans did just that. Many pointed out the rings on the person were identical to ones snapped on Billie. One said: "the rings… it’s billie eilish yall omggg."
Another added: "is that billie-." Someone else commented: "Billie?!?!" A fourth wrote: "BILLIE X CHARLI I JUST FELL TO MY KNEEESSSS." Other fans expressed their excitement at the potential collab as one said: "this will be INTERESTING oh im tuned in." Another wrote: "this might actually break the internet." Someone else declared: "OMG BEST DUO AT THE GRAMMYS IS HERE."
Charli narrowly missed out on the number one spot with her album to Taylor Swift's Tortured Poets Department, but the 31-year-old has thanked her fans who have stuck with her since the start of her career and "understand" her. She recently admitted she knows she isn't "everyone's cup of tea" before performing 'Sympathy is a Knife' at her Los Angeles concert last month.
The singer said: "I already know I'm not everybody's cup of tea, don't get me wrong, but um, I am just really appreciative for the people who've been there from the jump and understood my vision. I don't know. The whole thing that's going on at the moment, people keep texting me, 'You're having a moment. A moment."
Charli has even showed her support to US Vice President Kamala Harris by branding her as a "brat". Following Biden's announcement that he was "giving full endorsement and support to Kamala's nomination for our party", Charli posted on X: "Kamala IS brat." Providing an explanation into her unique use of the term "brat", Charli said: "You're just like that girl who is a little messy and likes to party and maybe says some dumb things sometimes."
She explained declaring a "brat" as someone "who feels herself but maybe also has a breakdown. But kind of like parties through it, is very honest, very blunt. A little bit volatile." Charli added: "Like does dumb things. But it's brat. You're brat. That's brat."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.