By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:13, 8 February 2024   |  Updated:  15:42, 8 February 2024   
 410
View  comments
Christina Aguilera looked thinner than ever on Wednesday evening when performing in Sin City.
The 43-year-old singer showed off her lean physique in a nude leotard with a sweetheart neckline while on stage for her show in Las Vegas.
In January, Aguilera marked her return to Las Vegas after 2019’s 10-month The Xperience with Burlesqueier.
It is an intimate show at the Venetian’s Voltaire Belle de Nuit, a newly opened venue.
The looker made sure the show was steamy as she also wore a sexy black outfit that hugged her curves while she flirted with her male backup dancers.  
Also this week, Aguilera added new shows for her residency. Voltaire Bell de Nuit at The Venetian announced 10 new dates have been set for Aguilera's series, running from April to August. 
Christina Aguilera looked thinner than ever on Wednesday evening when performing in Sin City
The 43-year-old singer showed off her lean physique in a nude leotard with a sweetheart neckline while on stage for her show in Las Vegas
See left on Wednesday in Sin City and right in November 2011 in Los Angeles
Those include two shows that were rescheduled from January, which Aguilera canceled due to illness.
Tickets for the new shows will go on sale Friday, February 16, via voltairelv.com.
Fans who had tickets to the original January dates will receive information on how to purchase tickets in advance of the public on-sale date.
This comes after she appeared skinny at the 2024 Grammy Awards in downtown Los Angeles on Sunday.
The Genie in a Bottle hitmaker graced the red carpet before taking to the stage to present the award for Best Musica Ubana Album alongside singer Maluma.
She stunned in a skintight baby blue gown, highlighting her newly trim physique.
The long-sleeved number boasted a high neckline and a hem that gracefully swept the floor, transitioning into a small trailing train.
The appearance at the 66th annual celebration comes as Aguilera's own Grammy journey boasts 21 nominations and five wins. 
In January, Aguilera marked her return to Las Vegas after 2019’s 10-month The Xperience with Burlesqueier. It is an intimate show at the Venetian’s Voltaire Belle de Nuit, a newly opened venue
The looker made sure the show was steamy as she also wore a sexy black outfit that hugged her curves while she flirted with her male and female backup dancers
Also this week, Aguilera added new shows for her residency. Voltaire Bell de Nuit at The Venetian announced 10 new dates have been set for Aguilera's series, running from April to August
Her inaugural victory dates back almost 25 years to 2000 when she clinched the coveted title of Best New Artist. 
Christina was joined by a cavalcade of celebrities ready to enjoy live performances by Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, Luke Combs, Olivia Rodrigo, SZA and Travis Scott
Hosted by Trevor Noah, this year's celebration will air live at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT on CBS and its streaming service Paramount+.
This year SZA tops the nominations with a total of nine nods, including Album of the Year, Record of the Year, and Song Of The Year. Taylor Swift follows close behind with six nominations, and will also be competing against SZA in the three aforementioned categories.
Christina looked sensational as she performed on December 30 
Aguilera is seen in another skimpy outfit in Vegas in December
The majority of Swift's nominations were for her acclaimed album Midnights and its single Anti-Hero, which earned some of the best reviews of her career.
That track is up for Record of the Year, a category that honors the artists who recorded the song and its producers and engineers, as well as for the Song of the Year category, which honors songwriters. SZA's track Kill Bill has also been nominated in both categories.
Swift has already made history in the Album of the Year category, currently tied for three previous wins with music legends Frank Sinatra, Paul Simon and Stevie Wonder.
However, she is now poised to become the first-ever person to win the category four times if Midnights ends up victorious this year.
 Aguilera made a splash with her slim figure at the 2024 Grammy Awards in downtown Los Angeles on Sunday
She stunned in a skintight baby blue gown, highlighting her newly trim physique; (right in March 2023)
She recently flaunted her incredible figure after losing 40lbs over the years.
The  songstress showed off her weight loss as she put on a dazzling display during her Las Vegas residency opening show last month.
She previously said she 'hated being super skinny' and has started embracing and 'loving my new curves', according to Health.
After years of fluctuating back and forth, she is now maintaining a slender and strong physique while 'having a booty'.
Her secret has been dedicating herself to a healthy, balanced diet and a rigorous exercise regime.
When she welcomed her son Max, now 15, in 2008, she was subjected to scrutiny over her weight gain. 
Two years later, she started losing weight for her role in her 2010 film Burlesque.
However, that same year, her weight fluctuated again while going through a divorce from music composer Jordan Bratman, 46.
The Beautiful hitmaker also shares nine-year-old daughter Summer with her longtime fiancé, Matthew Rutler, 38. 
Following her son's birth, she reportedly dropped 40lbs by restricting her daily food intake to 1600 calories and following the Rainbow Diet.
As part of her diet, she sticks to a plant-rich regime and consumes brightly colored fruits and vegetables every single day.
She has since given up on dieting and focuses on eating clean now, she revealed to L'Officiel Italia in 2020.
She noted that instead of being restrictive, she tries to consume more of whole foods and less of sugary snacks.
When she welcomed her son Max, now 15, in 2008, she was subjected to scrutiny over her weight gain. Two years later, she started losing weight for her role in her 2010 film Burlesque. However, that same year, her weight fluctuated again while going through a divorce from music composer Jordan Bratman, 46; seen in November 2012
She previously said she 'hated being super skinny' and has started embracing and 'loving my new curves', according to Health. After years of fluctuating back and forth, she is now maintaining a slender and strong physique while 'having a booty'; seen at age 21 in 2002
Besides her balanced diet, she also likes to stay very active and do a wide-ranging workout routine to keep fit.
She reportedly enjoys yoga, boxing, strength training as well as cardio exercises and will workout two to five times a week, according to In Touch Weekly.
She has also trained with celebrity fitness coach, Tee Sorge, to incorporate weight lifting and cardio to maximize calorie burn and maintain her curves.
In 2008, her trainer revealed to Glamour that she worked out 'up until she was eight months pregnant and then started back up a few months after [her son] Max was born'.
In February 2012, Aguilera spoke to Marie Claire and said she is now at peace with her figure. She said she blocks out all the noise and only cares about feeling good in her own skin.
'I've been through my highs, I've been through my lows,' she said at the time. 'I've been through the gamut of all things in this business. Being too thin. Being bigger. I've been criticized for being on both sides of the scale.' 
At the end of the day, she said the only opinion she pays attention to is her own.
'It's noise I block out automatically,' she added. 'I love my body. My boyfriend loves my body. My son is healthy and happy, so that's all that matters to me.'
She noted that she also stopped weighing herself and quit restricting herself as she did in the past
She noted that she also stopped weighing herself and quit restricting herself.
'When I worked on Burlesque, I lost so much weight that I was too skinny,' she said. 'I don't weigh myself — it's all about how I feel in my clothes.
'What looks good on one person might not look good on another body type,' she added.
'I happen to be very confident in my own skin,' she continued. 'It takes time to get to that place, but it's all about embracing yourself and your body.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group