Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Martha Stewart talks about her life in the Netflix documentary film, 'Martha.'
Contact us by Email
Nov. 5 2024, Published 8:30 p.m. ET
A new documentary on Stewart's life is out on Netflix.
Directed by R.J. Cutler, Martha explores the ups and downs of Martha Stewart's life, from her early beginnings as a model to the time she became the first self-made female billionaire in the U.S. It also focuses on her background and put a spotlight on the fraud case that sent her to prison.
Cutlet told Netflix: "People don't quite understand just how much of a visionary Martha was and continues to be. She understood synergy long before others did; she understood the lack or barriers between different kinds of content before others did; she understood the power of the personal brand before others did."
He added: "She made the world a more beautiful place, and she gave us greater access to beauty. She democratized fashion, taste, and style. She saw the future before others saw it and she always had to overcome enormous obstacles that were in her way. Most of the people who put those obstacles in her way were men who refused to see what she was able to see and who made it harder for others to see because she was a woman. And she overcame those obstacles with extraordinary success."
The film focuses on Stewart's rise to the top and her obstacles along the way.
On October 11, Netflix released a trailer for Martha, sharing a sneak peek of the documentary.
In the clip, Stewart, 83, said: ​​"I'm strict and I'm demanding and I'm all those good things that make a successful person."
The preview also highlighted revelations in the business mogul's life, including the speculations she was unfaithful to her ex-husband, Andy Stewart, and her time in federal prison in 2004.
The description reads: "This definitive documentary on Martha Stewart pulls back the curtain on one of America's greatest self-made icons, from her start as a teenage model to her stint as a Wall Street stockbroker to her reign as the grand dame of entertaining and good taste." 
It continued: "Directed by R.J. Cutler (Elton John: Never Too Late, Billie Eilish: The World's a Little Blurry, The September Issue), Martha draws on hundreds of hours of intimate interviews with Stewart and those from her inner circle, along with Stewart's private archives of diaries, letters, and never-seen-before footage. 
"The film illuminates Stewart's upbringing in a working-class family, compels us to reconsider the scandal that sent her to prison, and heralds her post-prison reinvention as the original influencer who's still captivating new generations of fans."
The documentary also highlights Stewart's time in federal prison.
Stewart commented on the Netflix documentary during a 2024 Retail Influencer CEO Forum panel. 
At the time, she expressed her frustration as the film "focused too much" on her "stupid trial," which she viewed as "unfair".
"I try not to talk publicly about the things I don't like, [as] it's not good business," said Stewart, adding, "I can talk a little bit badly about that."
The 83-year-old originally expressed frustration at the documentary.
Martha officially premiered at New York City's Paris Theater on October 21. Stewart attended the red carpet in a head-turning ensemble: a lavender jacket, metallic pants and glamorous accessories.
Stewart is the focus of a Netflix documentary titled, 'Martha'.
Martha was released on October 30.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Stewart's documentary is streaming now.
Fans can watch Stewart's documentary on Netflix.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.