Fans of OLAPLEX, the revered haircare brand known for its cutting-edge bond-building formulas, may be accustomed to its hefty price tags, especially for its popular Hair Perfector No. 3 Repairing Treatment, normally priced at £28. Yet there's fantastic news for shoppers as Amazon has slashed the price of this much-lauded hair treatment down to just £22.40.
Ideal for supporting your tresses between salon visits, the intensive formula works to repair and reinforce damaged hair. This discount offers a purse-friendly way to keep your hair in top-notch condition. 
Celebrities have endorsed the repairing formula, with Drew Barrymore praising the Hair Perfector No. 3 as a "game-changer" for her hairs vitality and sheen. Likewise, singer Billie Eilish relies on OLAPLEX to keep her famed tresses in check amidst dramatic dye jobs.
READ MORE: Amazon shoppers snap up Elizabeth Arden Sunflowers HoneyDaze with 15 per cent offREAD MORE: Roman's soft jumper hailed as perfect for layering this autumn
 Moreover, the treatment is praised for its versatility, being suitable for every hair type from coily curls to stick-straight locks, as well as fine or thick. It has benefits for dyed hair, while boasting significant results for unabated locks too, reports Birmingham Live. 
As well as getting shoppers exclusive access to the site's Black Friday sale prices, there's a host of advantages to Amazon Prime membership including next-day delivery, free Deliveroo and Hello Fresh perks, music, books and Prime Video. Usually £8.99 a month, you can now get a 30-day free trial to get access to the latest deals.
Free
The acclaim extends beyond celebrity circles, with the Hair Perfector garnering plenty of accolades online, amassing 96,380 five-star ratings on Amazon. Users share glowing testimonials, one mentioning a 'huge improvement in (their) hair' post-OLAPLEX usage, and others find their hair "feel more healthy and shiny."
Another individual, recommended the product by their hairdresser, also claimed they "saw an amazing difference" after just three uses. A third customer commented the bottle lasts around 14-16 uses, indicating it offers decent value despite its higher price tag. "I, for one, am happy to add this to my hair care routine as it is very good quality, it lasts, and you can see and feel benefits from the first use," they added.
One more satisfied user enthused: "I have thinning dry hair, and I leave this on for a few hours, and afterwards my hair feels so soft. It's definitely worth the money, as a small amount goes a long way. Also, it smells amazing."
However, results vary, with a less impressed shopper stating it "didn't make any difference although I followed the instructions", while another claimed "found other products from supermarket worked just as good, if not better."
But this represents a splendid opportunity to acquire a celebrity-endorsed haircare product at a lower cost. The OLAPEX Hair Perfector No.3 Repairing Treatment is up for grabs on Amazon, though best to snap it up now if you're tempted, as there's no indication when the deal ends. 
Those interested in more celebrity haircare offerings may check out Rihanna's newly launched Fenty Hair line, which features shampoos and conditioners. For those looking for brands adored by celebrities like Jennifer Aniston and Beyonce, Kérastase Hair Care is an option available from various retailers, including Look Fantastic and Boots.