Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
The Strictly Come Dancing professionals are set to undergo a transformation and become the iconic minions from the Despicable Me films for a movie week special. 
Dancer Kai Widdrington will assume the role of Gru, the grouchy central character of the franchise, with fellow dancers donning yellow bodysuits to resemble his mischievous henchmen.
The much-anticipated movie week will showcase Welsh dancer Amy Dowden and JLS's JB Gill gliding through an American smooth to the tune of Pure Imagination from Wonka, while Chris McCausland, making history as the show’s first blind contestant, and his partner Dianne Buswell will rock the floor with a jive to the Wayne’s World Theme. McCausland shared his excitement, stating: "We are hoping to incorporate a lot of the feel and comedy of the film into our dance."
He also teased: "We’re hoping to get away with a few Easter eggs for people of a certain age to recognise."
In other performances, Olympian Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe are set to tango to One Night Only from Dreamgirls, Dr Punam Krishan of Morning Live and Gorka Marquez aim to impress with their couple’s choice to Bole Chudiyan from Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham, former hockey pro Sam Queck and Nikita Kuzmin will tackle the paso doble to Elevation from Lara Croft: Tomb Raider, and Miranda's Sarah Hadland alongside Vito Coppola gear up to Viennese waltz to Hedwig’s Theme from the Harry Potter series.
Singer Toyah Willcox and Neil Jones are set to samba to Poor Unfortunate Souls from The Little Mermaid, while Love Island star Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec will perform a rumba to What Was I Made For? by Billie Eilish from the Barbie movie. 
Ghouri shared her excitement about the performance, saying: "I’m going to channel my inner Marilyn Monroe, she’s such a strong character and, as a woman, she’s someone we look up to."
She added: "I want to bring that independence and boss woman energy to the routine. I think it’s going to be amazing."
EastEnders actor Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas will quickstep to I’m Still Standing by Sir Elton John from the biopic Rocketman, while former Arsenal midfielder Paul Merson and Karen Hauer will cha cha to The Magnificent Seven theme.
Reality star Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystal will samba to the George Of The Jungle theme, while singer Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu Viennese waltz to If I Can Dream from Elvis. Also taking to the stage is Welsh opera singer Wynne Evans and Katya Jones, who will dance the cha cha to Papa’s Got A Brand New Bag from Mrs Doubtfire, a film about a man who disguises himself as an elderly female housekeeper.
Evans said: "It’s new boundaries, shall we say. It’s totally new for me, although I did once sing in an opera – Venetian opera, actually. Years ago, they used to put men into women’s roles, so I’ve done that once before in an opera. But we’re talking 30 years ago.
"It’s been a long time. A long time since I had heels on. Let’s put it like that."
DIY SOS star Nick Knowles and his dance partner Luba Mushtuk were set to perform the Charleston to Rain On The Roof from Paddington 2, but Knowles had to withdraw due to an injury. Sunday's results show will feature a rom-com themed dance and a performance by British musician Alexis Ffrench, accompanied by some of the professionals.
Last weekend, Olympian Tom Dean and his dance partner Nadiya Bychkova were the first pair to be eliminated from the competition. Strictly Come Dancing is broadcast on BBC One, Saturday at 6.25pm.
Join our Things To Do community for all the latest news What's On news sent direct to your phone.
To join you need to have WhatsApp on your device. All you need to do is click on the link and press 'join community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the ChronicleLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our privacy notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN