Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
‘Sabrina Carpenter making out with an alien at the VMAs wasn’t on my 2024 bingo card’ 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
Sabrina Carpenter surprised fans when she kissed an alien during her 2024 Video Music Awards performance. 
The 25-year-old pop star descended to the VMAs stage sitting atop a glittery swing as she sang the lyrics to her hit single “Please Please Please” from her blockbuster Short N Sweet album. Once she landed, she launched straight into her newest single “Taste” while she was joined by backup dancers dressed as astronauts and aliens. 
Before she continued into her smash hit “Espresso,” Carpenter indulged in a quick makeout session with one of her alien backup dancers. The kiss referenced her recent music video for her single “Taste,” in which she kissed fellow Disney alum, Jenna Ortega, and paid homage to the film Death Becomes Her.
However, people weren’t quick to understand the reference, with many fuming with jealousy or cracking jokes.
“Oh she was going INNNNN,” one person wrote on X, formerly Twitter. 
Meanwhile, someone else added: “Makes history as first woman to make out [with] an alien.”
“She’s so f***ing iconic for that,” another commented. 
“An alien is getting more action from a bad b**** than I ever could,” one person joked. 
“Sabrina Carpenter making out with an alien at the VMAs wasn’t on my 2024 bingo card,” another wrote. 
Carpenter made her VMAs debut last year during the award ceremony’s official pre-show, performing her singles “Feather” and “Nonsense” from her album emails i can’t send. Before she was topping the charts, Carpenter played Maya Hart on Disney Channel’s Girl Meets World and later starred in several Netflix original movies, including Work It and the Tall Girl franchise.
This year, the pop star was nominated with seven nominations, including Artist of the Year and Best Pop Artist. She received additional nods for categories including Song of the Year and Best Editing for “Espresso,” and Best Direction, Best Art Direction and Song of the Summer for “Please Please Please.”
Fellow artists such as Billie Eilish, Doja Cat, Camila Cabello, Shawn Mendes, Eminem, Lenny Kravitz, Benson Boone, Teddy Swims, Chappell Roan, Anitta, and GloRilla are set to also take the stage in some of the most highly-anticipated sets of the night. Katy Perry also performed “a show-stopping, career-spanning medley of her biggest hits” as she was honored with this year’s Video Vanguard Award. 
Rapper Megan Thee Stallion is hosting the show, marking her first time being tasked with hosting an awards show of this caliber.
You can find all of the winners from the 2024 MTV VMAs here. 
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in