By BETHAN EDWARDS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:23, 13 October 2024   |  Updated:  11:10, 13 October 2024   
 214
View  comments
Strictly Come Dancing viewers were left cringing over an awkward moment with host Tess Daly during Saturday night's episode. 
Following Punam Krishan and Gorka Márquez's performance, the presenter missed the negative comment judge Craig Revel Horwood had made, so asked him to repeat it.
BBC fans thought the moment was brutal the first time but for Tess to get Craig to repeat himself seconds later in front of the celebrity couple left viewers truly cringing.
Giving feedback on their routine, Craig said: 'I thought it was really sloppy, messy and full of mistakes. It was not your night I'm afraid.'
Tess looked confused as the crowd began to share their disapproval of what he'd said to Punam. 
Strictly Come Dancing viewers were left cringing over an awkward moment with host Tess Daly during Saturday night's episode
Following Punam Krishan and Gorka Márquez's performance, the presenter hasn't heard the negative comment judge Craig Revel Horwood had made, so asked him to repeat it
Tess said: 'Sorry Craig... I missed what you said at the end there Craig, sorry.'
As the stars awkwardly looked on, Craig also appeared awkward at having to repeat himself, he said: 'Not your night I'm afraid my darling.'
Realising what had been said, Tess quickly replied: 'I rather wish I hadn't heard it... but I think we all loved it ladies and gentleman, didn't we? We really enjoyed it.'
Viewers rushed to X - formerly known as Twitter - questioning why presenter Tess 'cruelly' made the judge repeat himself.
'@TessDaly You don’t need to hear what Craig said. The couples do, so if you miss what he said, you missed it. If the couples say they missed it, they would say #Strictly #StrictlyComeDancing' 
'Why did Tess not hear Craig and then ask what he said? That was weird. You're the presenter!!; Not Tess getting Craig to repeat 'Not your night' twice.' 
'Tess making Craig say Punam did bad TWICE, oh that's just CRUEL; The evil Tess making Craig repeat the most scathing review the show has ever heard in its existence.' 
'Tess nobody cares that you didn't hear it why'd you have to make him say it again; Now why the f*** did Tess make him repeat that…?'
BBC fans thought the moment was brutal the first time but for Tess to get Craig to repeat himself seconds later in front of the celebrity couple left viewers truly cringing
Giving feedback on their routine, Craig said: 'I thought it was really sloppy, messy and full of mistakes. It was not your night I'm afraid.' Tess looked confused as the crowd began to share their disapproval
As the stars awkwardly looked on, Craig also appeared awkward at having to repeat himself, he said: 'Not your night I'm afraid my darling'
Realising what had been said, Tess quickly replied: 'I rather wish I hadn't heard it... but I think we all loved it ladies and gentleman, didn't we? We really enjoyed it' 
Punam and Porka scored 20 points for their latest energetic routine
Viewers rushed to X - formerly known as Twitter - questioning why presenter Tess 'cruelly' made the judge repeat himself
Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec - Charleston to Unhealthy by Anne-Marie, Shania Twain - 39 
Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas - Salsa to Danza Kuduro by Don Omar ft. Lucenzo - 34
Wynne Evans and Katya Jones - Tango to Money, Money, Money by ABBA - 34
Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe - Viennese Waltz to Nobody Gets Me by SZA - 33
Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu - Cha Cha to Ain't No Love (Ain't No Use) by Sub Sub feat. Melanie Williams - 30
JB Gill and Amy Dowden - Rumba to You Might Need Somebody by Kara Marni - 30
Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell - Salsa to Down Under by Men At Work - 30
Pete Wicks and Jowitza Przystal - Quickstep to Town Called Malice by The Jam - 29
Sam Quek MBE and Nikita Kuzmin - Samba to Hips Don't Lie by Shakira - 28
Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola - Foxtrot to Birds Of A Feather by Billie Eilish - 27
Paul Merson and Karen Hauer - Quickstep to I Won't Dance by Fred Astaire - 23
Nick Knowles and Luba Mushtuk - Charleston to Rain on the Roof from Paddington 2  - 21
Punam Krishan and Gorka Marquez - Jive to 2 Be Loved (Am I Ready) by Lizzo - 20
It comes after Wynne Evans and Katya Jones broke their silence after she was spotted appearing to push his wandering hand off her waist.
During the fourth live show, as host Claudia Winkleman revealed this week's voting lines were open, Wynne, 52, put his arm around Katya only for her to knock his hand away as it moved along her waist.
A second awkward interaction saw the pro dancer appear to shun her celebrity partner's attempts at a high five after Sam Quek and Nikita Kumzin's performance. 
Standing with both hands outstretched, Katya seemed to deliberately turn her back on her partner instead of returning the gesture.   
After eagle-eyed viewers expressed concern on social media, the pair took to Instagram to address the situation.
Addressing fans in a video, Katya began: 'Hello everybody it's Wynne and Katya here. We just wanted to say we were just messing around in the Clauditorium on Saturday night and just want to say sorry. 
'It was a silly joke,' as Wynne added: 'Yes sorry'. 
Wynne then added in the caption: 'Apologies for this tonight we were just messing around. We really are amazing friends. The high 5's is a running joke. Have a great evening @katyajones'.
It comes after Wynne Evans and Katya Jones broke their silence on their awkward high five interaction as they took to Instagram on Saturday night

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group