Denise Richards has been slammed after the star implied she had ingested marijuana while at a weed-infused dinner party.
During an interview with SiriusXM, The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star suggested that she had consumed cannabis while at a weed-infused dinner party despite her request not to consume the substance. When asked whether she ate any marijuana, Denise said she "doesn't know what the hell happened".
Christopher Sayegh, chef for The Herbal Chef and provider of the marijuana for the party, has branded Richards a “damn liar” in a statement made on his Instagram profile, where he alleged she was "obliterated" drunk.
READ MORE: Iggy Azalea exposes curves in tiny short tennis skirt and topless shower snaps
READ MORE: Billie Eilish zooms in on curves in rare snap as she teases 'heartbreak' in cryptic post
He wrote: “@deniserichards you are such a damn liar, Denise. It’s embarrassing and you should be ashamed of yourself. Let me tell you what really happened…Denise walked into Kyle’s house absolutely obliterated. Her first slurred words to me were: ‘dO yOu KnOw WhO I aM?’ followed by a bunch of other gibberish that we could barely make out. In ever interview since this episode aired you have acted as if you had no idea what was going on, we must have slipped something in you food… or bottled water? Really?"
The chef's claim that Denise was drunk has not been confirmed – but fans certainly questioned her behaviour at the time, too.
Christopher then explained how he outlined what would happen during the party: “We went over how the evening would go with you and everyone else at the table including specifying how dosage works and that we take our responsibility very seriously - especially when someone would rather abstain from cannabis. It would be detrimental to my business if we left our guests incapacitated, don’t you think?”
After writing about how he “takes pride in his work” and has taken “years of dedication” to spread the positive effects that cannabis can have on people, The Herbal Chef continued: “Your feeble ego can’t even admit that you have something else going on and arrived under the influence from something else, that you have to try and blame others instead of taking responsibility.”
He continued on to claim that Denise was “in another realm” and alleged the Real Housewives star has some “deep seeded issues that she is clearly working through”. As a closing statement, Sayegh said: “Not surprised one bit that cannabis doesn’t agree with you, it has a tendency to mirror one’s truest self.”
Daily Star has approached a representative of Denise for comment.
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.