Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The singer-songwriter says it's difficult to be off social media while also on tour: "I really love to interact with the fans."

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

Billie Eilish is not exactly proud of how much she uses social media.

	The Grammy- and Oscar-winning singer-songwriter was recently asked in an interview with Complex about her current relationship with social media, given that she has been open about having mixed feelings regarding her personal life on social platforms in the past.



	“Yeah, I’m off that shit,” she said of X (formerly Twitter), adding that she also “went off of Instagram and TikTok a couple of months ago, which was awesome.”





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					'SNL': Sabrina Carpenter Joins Quinta Brunson to Honor "Shorties"		
			














	
	General News
			



	
		
					Yesterday, All His Photos Seemed So Far Away		
			








	However, being off social media has been difficult for the “Birds of a Feather” artist while also being on her world tour, in support of her latest Hit Me Hard and Soft album.

	










	“I went on tour, and the issue is, I really love to interact with the fans when I’m on tour,” Eilish explained. “I love seeing all the videos and all the angles. I love seeing how people are feeling and thinking about the show. If I think something looks different, I want to change it. So I go on the Internet to see the videos that I want to see, but then I get sucked in. Then I get all fucked up, and I’m stuck.”

	She added, “So I’ve been back on it, but I am trying to get off. It’s my cigarettes. It’s really a problem.”

	But the “Bad Guy” singer still tries to find some positives with social media, such as hosting Q&A sessions with her fans on Instagram. “Some of it’s awesome and I love it and I cherish it,” she admitted. “But again, people make that kind of thing really hard. It’s sad to me. Some people ruin it for the rest of them.”

	Eilish previously opened up about her complicated relationship with social media and her attempt to set boundaries during a conversation with British rapper Stormzy for i-D magazine in September 2021.

	“I feel conflicted about it,” she said at the time. “I don’t always want to tell the world intimate details about my life, I don’t really want people to know everything about me, but at the same time, I want people to be able to feel seen and heard if they’ve experienced the same things I have.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.