We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Sunkissed, even in the winter!
If you've also been swept up with the New Year 'in and out' lists swarming socials, you'll know that once again, freckles are very much 'in' for 2024. However, this wasn't always the case. Young Gen Alpha may be blissfully unaware, but for a long time, freckles were actually considered a 'flaw'. Y'know, blemishes that needed to be concealed with full coverage makeup, if you will.
Thankfully, though, those blessed with the sun-kissed look have now been embraced, with others going as far as to pay to replicate them – 'tis a crazy beauty world we live in, hey. And one celeb flaunting her very own natural skin complexion is Billie Eilish, who recently took to social media to show her take on the trend.
In the latest Instagram post shared to her 110 million followers, the singer is shown to be sporting a minimal no makeup, makeup look in an up-close and personal selfie. In other words, we're given a microscopic look at Bills' freckles, which you best believe we will be replicating.
Scroll to the second snap in the below carousel post to see all that we're describing:
Simply stunning, right?
To enhance her freckles, Billie has applied blush across her nose and cheeks, giving a flushed finish to the look.
Now, if you're not naturally blessed with your own, we recommend using the two following products to recreate the tanned freckled look at home. 
Dab, blend and sweep on the products and you will be good. To. Go! That, or just bare your au naturel frecks, you lucky chosen ones.
Follow Lia on Instagram.
 Lia Mappoura (she/her) is the Beauty Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from viral celebrity hair and makeup news to the latest trend predictions, she’s an expert in recognising the season’s next big beauty look (before it ends up all over your social media feeds). You’ll usually find her putting TikTok’s recent beauty hacks to the Hype Test, challenging the gender-makeup binary and social stereotypes, or fangirling over the time Kourtney Kardashian viewed her Instagram Story (yes, it’s true). Find her also on LinkedIn.
New Royal pic just dropped! And it's a good'un 
Katy's Mad Men-esque fringe is an immediate yes
Meghan Markle looks gorge in makeup-free vid
Sweat-proof summer makeup sorted
Emma Chamberlain reveals her easy pixie hair hack
Rita Ora's gothic hair makeover is a must see
Zendaya's pixie cut is so Star Trek coded
This is the setting spray Katy Perry used in space
Addison Rae w/ neon pink hair = 😍😍😍
MAFS Awhina undergoes a darker hair transformation
Hailey and Kendall go makeup-free in Coachella vid
Learn all about PURESEOUL's third London store
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.