Strictly Come Dancing fans were left feeling for one couple who they said had been done 'no favours' after spotting a potential exit 'clue'.
On Saturday night (October 5), as Strictly returned with its Movie Week special, Love Island star Tasha Ghouri topped the leaderboard scoring 34 out of 40. The 26-year-old performed a “moving” rumba with professional partner Aljaz Skorjanec to What Was I Made For? by Billie Eilish from the Barbie movie.
Morning Live’s Dr Punam Krishan and Gorka Marquez performed the first couple’s choice of the show’s 20th anniversary series to Bole Chudiyan from the Bollywood film Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham, coming joint second scoring 33.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing fans fume as 'stunning' performance 'ruined' by one thing
Miranda star Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola’s Viennese waltz to Hedwig’s Theme from the Harry Potter series, described as a tribute to Dame Maggie Smith, and singer Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu’s version of the same dance to If I Can Dream from Elvis, both also scored 33.
Meanwhile, it was singer Toyah Willcox and Neil Jones who scored the lowest with 15, performing the samba to Poor Unfortunate Souls from The Little Mermaid, with Revel-Horwood describing the singer as “stuck in the mud”.
He said: “It was all a bit stuck in the mud and flat-footed, but you know what, you brought a magnificent attitude and fantastic character to that dance.”
Craig was also heckled by Toyah's husband, King Crimson guitarist Robert Fripp, while making the comments on her performance – which saw the singer perform with an octopus projected onto the dancefloor. Craig told the 'young man' to 'sit down' before host Tess Daly revealed to him it was Toyah's husband, which saw him let out a slight laugh and break his often stern character.
But fans think Toyah could be in trouble thanks to her position in the show's line-up in week three, which saw 13 couples perform instead of 14 due to Nick Knowles suffering a fresh injury that's forced him to miss a week of the BBC One dance contest.
@BRATTYBARBl said: "Toyah in the death slot with a Samba #Strictly." @HertsSid commented: "lol @ production doing Toyah and Neil no favours by dumping them in the death slot #strictly." @strictlyblog wrote: "Toyah and Neil the Eel in the death slot, harsh #Strictly." @83VickiB added: "Samba, death slot...bye Toyah #Strictly.2
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.