Billie Eilish and Snoop Dogg are also set to make an appearance during the ceremony.

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

H.E.R. is set to tackle the closing ceremony for the 2024 Paris Olympics. Variety reports that the award-winning entertainer will perform the national anthem for the event’s conclusion, titled “Records,” on Sunday (Aug. 11).

	“Records” will be hosted at the indoor Stade de France location and will focus on the history of the Olympic games with a promise to “take spectators on a journey through time, both past and future.” The outlet states that “science-fiction” would be used to drive home the importance of preserving the world games.

	










H.E.R. will be joined on stage during the event alongside legendary Grammy award-winning French rock band Phoenix and critically acclaimed band Air, who rose to global fame during the “French Touch” movement. But that’s not all! Billie Eilish, the Red Hot Chili Peppers, and Snoop Dogg are all a part of the ending show, too. However, Billie and the Peppers are scheduled to perform from Los Angeles.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Snoop Dogg Enters "Creative Partnership" With NBCUniversal For Death Row Pictures		
			






A post shared by LA 2028 (@la28games)

	Thierry Reboul, the 2024 Paris Olympics executive director, spoke to the outlet about their slate of talent for the ending ceremony, stating, “Today, where we look at the history of music, it’s certainly the French music style and the artists behind it, who have had the biggest resonance in the world. So it was important for us to acknowledge it.”

	Reboul also hinted that a teaser for the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles will be shown off during the concluding event.

	“As per the tradition, Los Angeles has prepared a sort of teaser that lasts 10 to 15 minutes, and it’s dedicated to them, to show what their Olympic games will look like—and they’ve had all the freedom to create their segment,” Reboul added. “It’s going to include lots of things. We’re in charge of producing some things for them, but they are 100% in charge of it.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.