Strictly Come Dancing returned to our screens tonight.


  This week's musical selections included Abba, Shakira, Lizzo and Billie Eilish, as well as a reggaeton favourite and a banger by The Jam.


  Outfits were positively understated compared to last week’s Movie Week overload, but everyone still looked fabulous.


  And one man stole the show, again.


  Chris McCausland, of course.


  Tonight, Chris performed a 'flawless' salsa according to Shirley Ballas and impressed everyone in the building, including Craig Revel Horwood, who called it 'Bonza' in his mother tongue Australian accent.


  Anton was lost for words but called it "one of the most remarkable things I've ever seen in my life".


  But how did the viewers react?


RECOMMENDED READING:


    Chris McCausland doing a salsa…got to admit I was a bit worried but honestly…better than Jamie’s - Dianne is working so hard for Chris & she’s performing miracles…those lifts #Strictly pic.twitter.com/kV7J2oz3US


  One fan said: "Chris McCausland doing a salsa…got to admit I was a bit worried but honestly…better than Jamie’s - Dianne is working so hard for Chris & she’s performing miracles…those lifts #Strictly".


  Another commented: "CHRIS THAT WAS INSANE #strictly".


  But surprisingly, not everyone was best pleased.


  A viewer said: "I don't mind his as a person, but I think people are really overselling what he's capable of. His dancing is okay, commendable given his disability, but from the way he's being spoken of, you'd think he'd be the second coming of Fred Astaire or something."


  Chris is blind, by the way.


  Another added: "It’s insulting to Chris that the judges are constantly overhyping him when he’s not as good as others. Considering he’s blind, yes he’s incredible, but basing it just on technique (which is what they’re meant to do) he’s not the best #strictly".


  Ignore the doubters Chris, we think you're great!


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.