ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Lady Gaga earns her first No. 1 hit on Billboard's Adult Pop Airplay chart as her Bruno Mars duet ... More "Die with a Smile" rises from No. 4 to the top spot.   HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA - SEPTEMBER 30: Lady Gaga attends the Los Angeles Premiere of Warner Bros. Pictures "Joker: Folie a Deux" at TCL Chinese Theatre on September 30, 2024 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic)
Lady Gaga is currently pushing two singles, and they couldn’t sound less like one another. The first of the two to emerge was “Die with a Smile,” her vintage-sounding Bruno Mars collaboration. That tune came out of nowhere months ago, and it has since become one of the biggest hits of 2024. She then delivered her own solo tune “Disease,” which brings her back to the dance-pop sound that first made her a star. As the latter cut proves to be a somewhat lackluster first single from a forthcoming album, the former cut brings the singer to a high she’s never seen before.
“Die with a Smile” rises to No. 1 on the Adult Pop Airplay chart this week. As it soars several spaces to reach the throne, Gaga finally earns her first leader on the Billboard radio ranking, which focuses on the more mature pop subgenre.
Despite being one of the most successful hitmakers of the past decade or two, Gaga has never claimed a No. 1 on the Adult Pop Airplay ranking…until now. She has come close to doing so in the past, but somehow, she’s never managed to run the show.
“Die with a Smile” is one of Gaga’s dozen top 10 hits on the Adult Pop Airplay chart. She has previously climbed as high as No. 2, a position she’s reached—and stalled in—more than once.
Both “Shallow” with Bradley Cooper, from their remake of A Star Is Born, and her own “The Edge of Glory” brought Gaga to the runner-up position on the Adult Pop Airplay chart. Another two tunes, “Rain on Me” with Ariana Grande, and her surprise hit “Bloody Mary,” both camped out one rung lower, at No. 3.
Mars is surely celebrating snagging another No. 1, but he doesn’t do so for the first time. The crooner has now collected four rulers on the Adult Pop Airplay chart, and he started earning them nearly 15 years ago.
The pop superstar first made his way to the peak position on the Adult Pop Airplay chart in 2010 with “Just the Way You Are,” which turned out to be his breakout smash. He followed that up with “When I Was Your Man,” “Uptown Funk” with Mark Ronson, and now his Gaga duet. Altogether, Mars has pushed a lucky 13 tracks into the top 10 on the radio roster.
Gaga and Mars take over control of the Adult Pop Airplay chart from another one of the biggest pop stars working in today’s music industry. Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” was in charge last week. Now, that global hit falls from No. 1 to No. 3.