A brand new, year-round attraction just opened in Wisconsin, and it looks absolutely incredible!
If you're a fan of walking lights tours like the popular Christmas attractions Bentleyville in Duluth or Sam's Christmas Village in Somerset - or the fall China Lights Wisconsin Festival in the Milwaukee area - you will be blown away by this new attraction!
Unlike the other lights tours I mentioned, this is not a seasonal attraction. It's an experience that will be open all year long, offering an experience that looks phenomenal!
It looks like it takes the magic of a lights tour and light show and cranks the magic up to 11.
Just opened on October 11, this new attraction is a permanent feature at Wilderness Resort in the Wisconsin Dells area.
The website for this new attraction calls it "an enchanted night walk through a canyon of wonders".
This family-friendly immersive multimedia experience sends you on a mystical journey as you follow a story brought to life by thousands of lights, lasers, and immersive sound.
It is a mile-long nighttime outdoor journey along a pathway that follows a mystical deer through the dreamlike canyon in search of "The Source", a legendary spring that is said to transform nature with the magic of water.
The actual canyon where this magical journey occurs is the Wilderness Canyon between the main resort at Wilderness Resort and Glacier Canyon Lodge.
This creation came to life as the result of a collaboration between Wilderness Resort and the multimedia studio Moment Factory, which has an extensive resume of creating multimedia experiences for huge acts like Billie Eilish and Madonna as well as other events and attractions around the world.
Organizers say it opens nightly at dusk all year long. It takes about 45-60 minutes to walk through the whole experience.
It is an outdoor experience the resort says is friendly to people of all ages. It will happen all year long, so organizers note that you should be prepared for the weather and for walking outdoors on a path.
Due to the walking path, they do say that strollers, wagons, and wheelchairs are not permitted. Only sport or all-terrain-style strollers or wagons are allowed. The path has some rough terrain and inclines, which is the reason for this.
They also note that the experience does include flashing lights, strobes, lasers, theatrical fog, and an average of 80-85 decibels of sound with some peaks higher than that, so those sensitive to these things should be aware of that.
Here's a brief look at the experience from a video they've shared on Facebook:
General admission (all ages 3+) is $24.99, with kids 2 and under being free.
While not required, organizers strongly recommend getting your tickets in advance, which can be done online. Hourly timeslots are available for each night via their website.
It is recommended you arrive 15 minutes before your scheduled start time so you can get checked in before embarking on your journey.
You can learn more about Aquavia Lumina on their website.
Gallery Credit: Nick Cooper