As someone who works in the beauty industry and is constantly trying out new trends and products, it should come as no surprise that my hair goes through a lot. Most of the time, I'm testing out products that improve my hair health, like hair masks, new air drying techniques, and heatless curl hacks, but there have also been plenty of times when I test out things that are damaging to my hair. For the last couple of years, I've been coloring my hair regularly, and honestly, I think my hair is starting to hate me for it. 

Not only has lightening my hair caused a bunch of breakage and damage but it's also taken a toll on me mentally. Earlier this summer, after a hair coloring experiment gone way wrong, I decided I was going to stick to root touch-ups (yes, I'm a victim of early onset grey hair) and glosses — and that's was it. To get me started on my healthy hair journey, I visited celebrity hairstylist Jess Gonzalez, where she turned me on to a hair treatment that changed my whole world. Allow me to introduce you to the L'Oréal Professionnel Absolut Repair Molecular Leave-In Cream ($38). 

Gonzalez is responsible for the hair color of stars like Billie Eilish, so I knew I could trust her. My hair has never looked better. Ahead, read my full review of the product and find out how it's become a fixture in my hair-care routine.

As I'm sure you've surmised, I have dry, damaged hair. Now, before you judge me for all of the sh*t I've put it through over the past few years, just trust that I do have a good routine. I only cleanse a couple of times a week, I sleep on a silk pillowcase, and I apply hair oil and masks all of the time. However, the first time I tested the L'Oréal Professionnel Absolut Repair Molecular Leave-In Cream at Salon Benjamin with Gonzalez, I noticed such a difference in my hair that I knew I needed it in my life more permanently. 

Since then, I've started integrating it into my routine weekly and it's made a huge difference in how my hair looks and feels. While I typically have ratty ends that look frazzled no matter how careful I am with them, this treatment has made them look smooth and hydrated. It's also helped cut down on frizz at my roots, and my hair just feels more silky overall, and it also has more shine.

The brand recommends beginning by washing and conditioning your hair as usual. Once you're out, take two to three pumps of the leave-in into your hands and distribute it evenly onto clean, towel-dried hair. (I'd suggest using a microfiber towel.) You want to coat the full length of your hair with product and then styling it as usual.  
When I'm in the shower, instead of conditioner, I like to use the brand's hair mask [links add a shopping link to the product here] from the same line. I find that the combo really helps my hair look its best. I typically focus the leave-in treatment on the mid-lengths to ends of my hair, and then I take any remaining product and run it through my roots. (I have fine hair and too much product near my scalp tends to make my hair look greasy.) I like to comb everything through using a wide-tooth comb, and then I usually opt to give myself a blowout using my Dyson Airwrap afterward or occasionally I'll air dry.  
One thing to consider before purchasing this product is that it's scented. Even though I'm fairly sensitive to different fragrances, I didn't find this one to be too overpowering. The brand says the scent is a mix of bergamot, mandarin, peony, and white musk. Musk isn't my favorite, but again, I didn't find this one to be too intense, and it didn't last on my hair for very long. However, if you are extremely sensitive to scents, I'd test this one out prior to purchasing a full bottle.  
The L'Oréal Professionnel Absolut Repair Molecular Leave-In Cream is available at Sephora and the brand's website.  
Rating: ★★★★★ 
Renee Rodriguez is a staff writer and social producer for PS. She writes across all verticals, but her main areas of expertise focus on fashion and beauty content with an emphasis on reviews and editor experiments. She also produces social content for the PS TikTok and Instagram accounts.