Bella Ramsey made an awkward joke about Ariana DeBose which she "didn't find funny" at all.
The Last Of Us star Bella, 20, made a savage dig about "actors who think they are singers" during the Critics Choice Awards. Ariana, 32, appeared visibly fuming about the comment on Sunday, as she was caught glaring by the cameras following the joke. However, it appears the pair have managed to put any bad blood aside.
The following night, the two reunited at the 2024 Primetime Emmy Awards in Los Angeles. Bella and Ariana were spotted hugging as they sat in the audience. The Wish actress was all smiles at the awards ceremony as she appeared to shrug off the comments from the night before.
It came after Ariana took to her Instagram where she told her followers she "didn't find" Bella's joke "funny" at all. Nottingham-born Bella took to the stage with In The Heights star Anthony Ramos Martinez to present the award for Best Song at the Critics Choice Awards.
The gong ultimately went to Ryan Gosling's I'm Just Ken hit from the hit Barbie film. Before naming the nominees, Bella made a joke about "actors who think they can sing." The actor stated that "some of the most famous voices in the music industry," such as Billie Eilish, Lennie Kravitz and Dua Lipa were in the category.
Bella then joked: "Then there are the actors who think they're singers: Jack Black, Ariana DeBose, and Ken himself, Ryan Gosling," and the camera showed Ariana, who looked less than pleased at being poked fun of. The actress is best known for her roles in Westside Story (2021), Hamilton and Westworld. She went viral last year after performing a rap at the BAFTAs.
Taking to Instagram after the event, Ariana shared a snap of blank screen and wrote on her Stories: "No I didn't find it funny. Lol." Fans took to social media to defend her, as one said: "The disrespect to Academy Award winner, Tony nominee, Broadway star, Ariana DeBose is WILD. The look on her face really said it all."
Another added: "They came for Academy Award winner, Tony nominated, Ariana DeBose at the Critics Choice Awards. We riding at dawn." A third didn't put the blame on Bella, and instead blamed the writers for putting in the joke.
Bella was up for the best Actress in a Drama Series at the Emmy Awards on Monday for the role of Ellie in hit HBO show The Last Of Us. The actor's breakout role came as young noblewoman Lyanna Mormont in Games of Thrones. The Emmys usually occurs in September but instead took place on Monday evening due to industry strikes. Leading with the most Emmy nominations was the hit HBO show Succession followed by The Last Of Us, The White Lotus and Ted Lasso.
Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.