Jon Batiste can go ahead and shine up that melodica.
The celebrated New Orleans musician earned an Oscar nomination Tuesday morning for the song “It Never Went Away,” from his biographical documentary “American Symphony.”
Others nominated in the category were “The Fire Inside” by Dianne Warren, from the film “Flamin’ Hot”; “I’m Just Ken” by Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt from “Barbie”; “Wahzhazhe (A Song For My People)” by Scott George from “Killers of the Flower Moon”; and “What Was I Made For?” by Billie Eilish and Finneas O’Connell from “Barbie.”
Should Batiste win, it will mark his second Academy Award. He previously earned a 2020 Oscar as a co-composer of the score for Pixar’s jazz-infused animated feature “Soul.”
"American Symphony" was screened at the Orpheum Theater in New Orleans at a star-studded red carpet event in December.
Although “American Symphony” earned considerable notice on the film festival circuit and from critics groups, Tuesday’s nomination was its only Oscar nod.
In fact, Louisiana projects were otherwise conspicuously absent from this year’s nomination list — although that shouldn’t come as a huge surprise. After the COVID-19 pandemic and last year’s Hollywood strikes, the Louisiana film and TV industry’s output has been anemic, relative to the previous decade and a half.
The nominations for the 96th annual Academy Awards were revealed in the typically early-morning ceremony on Tuesday, with actors Jack Quaid and Zazie Beetz doing the honors.
Christopher Nolan’s “Oppenheimer” led the field, with 13 total nominations, followed by 11 noms for Yorgos Lanthimos’ “Poor Things” and 10 for Martin Scorsese’s “Killers of the Flower Moon.”
“Oppenheimer,” “Poor Things” and “Killers of the Flower Moon” were also all nominated for best picture, alongside “American Fiction,” “Anatomy of a Fall,” “Barbie,” “The Holdovers,” “Maestro,” “Past Lives” and “The Zone of Interest.”
The crowd-pleasing “Barbie” walked away with a total of eight nominations, although much of the talk Tuesday morning centered on those categories in which it was snubbed.
Specifically, the Academy left “Barbie” actress Margot Robbie off the list of those nominated for best actress. It was her second consecutive Oscar snub, after being left off last year’s list despite an acclaimed turn in “Babylon.”
Additionally, “Barbie” director Greta Gerwig was left off the list of those nominated for best director, although she and husband Noah Baumbach did receive a nomination for their “Barbie” script.
In addition to best picture and adapted screenplay, “Barbie” was nominated for best supporting actress (America Ferrara), best supporting actor (Ryan Gosling), costume design, production design and twice for best original song (“I’m Just Ken” and “What Was I Made For?”)
But if Robbie and Gerwig were snubbed, they were in good company. Others include:
Those nominated in the other major categories were:
Best actor: Bradley Cooper (“Maestro”), Colman Domingo (“Rustin”), Paul Giamatti ( “The Holdovers”), Cillian Murphy (Oppenheimer) and Jeffrey Wright (“American Fiction”).
Best actress: Annette Bening (“Nyad”), Lily Gladstone (“Killers of the Flower Moon”), Sandra Huller (“Anatomy of a Fall”), Carey Mulligan (“Maestro”) and Emma Stone (“Poor Things”).
Best supporting actor: Sterling K. Brown (“American Fiction”), Robert De Niro (“Killers of the Flower Moon”), Robert Downey Jr. (“Oppenheimer”), Ryan Gosling (“Barbie”) and
Mark Ruffalo (“Poor Things”).
Best supporting actress: Emily Blunt (“Oppenheimer”), Danielle Brooks (”The Color Purple”), America Ferrara (“Barbie”), Jodie Foster (“Nyad”) and Da’Vine Joy Randolph (“The Holdovers”).
Best director: Justine Triet (“Anatomy of a Fall”), Martin Scorsese (“Killers of the Flower Moon”), Christopher Nolan (“Oppenhemier”), Yorgos Lanthimos (“Poor Things”) and Jonathan Glazer (“The Zone of Interest”).
Find a full list of this year’s nominees at Oscars.org.
The 96th annual Academy Awards will be handed out in a live ceremony on March 10. It will be broadcast on ABC beginning at 6 p.m., an hour earlier than its traditional start time.
News Tips:newstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: