SUBSCRIBE
Try 6 Free Issues
A Tom Cruise stunt and Billie Eilish concert ended the 2024 Paris Olympics
Tom Cruise and Billie Eilish helped draw a close to the 2024 Paris Olympics on Sunday night. The star-packed closing ceremony highlighted French artistry and included Cruise descending from the roof of the Stade de France and riding out carrying the Olympic flag toward Los Angeles, host of the 2028 Summer Olympics.
France "closed out its 2024 Games just as they started — with joy and panache," The Associated Press said. Los Angeles will have a challenge topping Paris, which made "spectacular use of its cityscape," but "the City of Angels, like the City of Light, showed that it, too, holds some aces."

Cruise's "Mission: Impossible" stunt ended with a prerecorded video of the actor skydiving into Hollywood and a Venice Beach concert featuring Eilish, the Red Hot Chili Peppers, Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre. The French band Phoenix played in the stadium and gold medal swimmer Léon Marchand brought the Games to an end by blowing out the Olympic flame.
The U.S. finished the Olympics tied with China in gold medals — 40 each — but holding a 126-91 lead for total medals. The Paralympics begin on August 28.
The Week provides readers with a wide range of perspectives from 200 trusted news sources.
From our daily WeekDay news briefing to an award-winning Food & Drink email, get the best of The Week delivered directly to your inbox.
From our daily WeekDay news briefing to an award-winning Food & Drink email, get the best of The Week delivered directly to your inbox.
A free daily email with the biggest news stories of the day – and the best features from TheWeek.com
Peter has worked as a news and culture writer and editor at The Week since the site's launch in 2008. He covers politics, world affairs, religion and cultural currents. His journalism career began as a copy editor at a financial newswire and has included editorial positions at The New York Times Magazine, Facts on File, and Oregon State University.  

In The Spotlight
More than 80% of large companies use AI in their hiring process, but increasingly job candidates are getting in on the act


The Week's daily medium sudoku puzzle


The Week's daily hard sudoku puzzle


The Week Recommends 
Soak up views of the Eiffel Tower from your terrace at this opulent hotel


The Week Recommends
See treasures from ancient Japan, Versailles and the Forbidden City


Speed Read
The world's most-visited art museum is getting a major renovation


In The Spotlight
Emmanuel Macron announces overhaul of the Louvre following a series of issues


The Week Recommends
Enjoy these artsy products from the comfort of home


In the Spotlight
From Glasgow's Wonka-shambles to Moo Deng, these are the memes that went mainstream this year


The Week Recommends
A gangster-vampire mash-up, a superb documentary and an Oscar-winning animation, these are the movies worth a watch


Speed Read
MasterChef presenter says he was 'not in a good headspace' when he made the comments regarding complainants


The Week UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.