One horror film star said she was “scared sh**less” to strip off for a racy scene that saw her have sex with a car.
Agathe Rousselle shot to fame as Alexia in the French horror film Titane, released in 2021. Alexia is a serial killer who, after having a metal plate attached to her skull from a car crash, is aroused by metal – and thus has sex with her own vehicle.
Rousselle’s character later falls pregnant with the car’s baby, leaking motor oil from her privates. The actress confessed she was terrified for the romp scene as she made her acting debut in the horror. Speaking to Thrillist, she admitted she decided to pretend she was doing a show to get out of her head.
READ MORE: Billie Eilish sniffs own armpit in racy ‘X-ray’ snaps after posing in skimpy corset
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
“It’s a weird show, but it’s okay.” As her car set bounced up and down, she said: “I felt like it was a fun fair.” Thankfully, being “prepared” made things much easier for Agathe.
She told Antidote magazine: “I wasn’t really afraid because I was very prepared. The hypersexualised scenes, the fight scenes or stunts… I had been working on them for months. On the other hand, what was really tough and challenging were moments of extreme suffering: Alexia deforms herself, she refuses her pregnancy, bandages her belly… That’s very heavy. Obviously, in reality, I wasn’t suffering. But it did move me, in a way.
Meanwhile, filmmaker Julia Ducournau explained to Entertainment Weekly that she didn’t want to “overdo” the sex. She said: “The idea was to make you believe there was a seduction going on between her and the car, that there was a complicity between them, that we'd see it as a sex scene involving two consenting figures: her and the car, and that both of them were together.
“I didn't want to linger on things we understood already because I didn't want to overdo the sex part... I don't stay with her an extended amount of time, which I would've found very vulgar."
The movie garnered plenty of controversy, and Agathe was forced to step in to defend it – despite it winning the coveted Palme d’Or award at Cannes Film Festival. She told The Times: “If it had been a male director — Tarantino, Cronenberg, anyone — it would’ve been less surprising.
“We’re so used to men being violent and making violent movies. It’s kind of time for men to know that women can be violent as well.” She added that the first time she watched the film all the way through, she was left in a “state of shock”.
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
The film was so graphic and gruesome that it caused people to “faint” in cinemas. One social media user said of its Australian premiere: “13 people fainted at the Sydney premiere of Titane!” while another added: “15 people walked out of Titane at #SydFilmFest tonight. Missed a great, but strange, movie!”
“At least 13 people fainted, others walked out, during the Aussie premiere of Titane in Sydney. As one attendee said, ‘The guy in front of us fainted and the chick to my right had a panic attack,’” someone else wrote on X.
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.