In August 2023, New Orleans kids’ music quartet the Imagination Movers shared a bill with Billie Eilish, Kendrick Lamar and the Red Hot Chili Peppers at the massive Lollapalooza festival in downtown Chicago.
The lineup, they observed, lacked nostalgia acts.
But as hundreds of young people in their late teens and early 20s happily jumped and sang along with the Imagination Movers at Lollapalooza, the realization dawned: they were the nostalgia act.
Pre-schoolers and grade-schoolers who obsessed over the Imagination Movers’ weekly Disney Channel TV show and memorized Movers CDs in minivans in the late 2000s were now in college or working their first jobs.
And they harbored fond memories of Movers music.
The Lollapalooza gig “was humbling for us,” Imagination Movers co-founder Scott Durbin recalled. “We didn’t know what to expect. We were so taken aback by this slug of nostalgia and the energy it created.
The Imagination Movers' Rich Collins, left, and Scott Durbin deploy the band's toilet paper shooters during a show at Tipitina's in New Orleans on March 1, 2024. 
“It was wonderful to see young people who still remembered our songs and really enjoyed that collective experience.”
Following their Lollapalooza epiphany, the Imagination Movers played the first grownups-only nightclub show in their 22-year history March 1 at Tipitina’s.
The title of their new, 11th album, “Blue Skies,” is also a nod to the notion of a multigenerational fanbase.
Whenever a child visited the set of their TV show, someone would call out the code words “blue skies!” to caution everyone to watch their language.
Repurposing “Blues Skies” as an album title, Durbin said, is “a tip of the hat to this adult and kid world that we’re in right now.”
Durbin, Rich Collins, Dave Poche and Scott “Smitty” Smith, friends and neighbors in Lakeview, formed the Movers in 2002 to inspire creativity in kids with songs that parents could also enjoy. Clad in their trademark blue overalls, they sang about healthy snacks and taking your medicine at backyard birthday parties and the Louisiana Children’s Museum.
The  Imagination Movers -- from left, Dave Poches, Scott 'Smitty' Smith, Scott Durbin and Rich Collins -- take in the sites while on tour in Italy in spring 2024. 
The Movers eventually sold tens of thousands of their self-released CDs and DVDs. Louisiana Public Broadcasting aired the group’s videos.
Disney noticed the Movers’ regional success and offered a TV deal. The Movers declined. Disney made a better offer. The Movers once again passed.
The cover of the Imagination Movers' 2024 album "Blue Skies." It is the New Orleans kids' music quartet's 11th album overall. 
“We were so tenacious in our belief that this was going to succeed that we were willing to say no,” Durbin said. “I don’t know if that came out as arrogant or cocky, but we knew in our heart of hearts that this was going to be successful, whether it was with Disney or Louisiana Public Broadcasting or whoever.
“We had the wherewithal to say no to Disney twice. With each ‘no,’ the deal became better.”
They finally got an offer they couldn’t refuse. Between 2008 and 2013, Disney Junior aired three seasons of the live-action “Imagination Movers” show. In each episode, taped during grueling 14-hour shoots at a Harahan soundstage, the Movers resolved “idea emergencies” at their primary-colored Idea Warehouse.
The slapstick humor paused long enough for the Movers to perform two new, original songs written specifically for each episode's narrative.
“I look back and I’m bewildered that we were able to accomplish it,” Durbin said. “We recorded songs between shots. When the crew was setting up lighting, Smitty would run and put down a guitar lick, or Rich would do the drums.”
They occasionally butted heads with Disney over content. In one episode, Warehouse Mouse, the Movers’ puppet mascot, got a toothache. The Movers wanted the script to send Warehouse Mouse to a veterinarian. Disney execs questioned whether “veterinarian” was too big of a word for young viewers.
“We’re like, ‘That’s how you acquire vocabulary,’” Durbin said. “We were always one to challenge our audience, and were strong in our resolve to do so.”
The Imagination Movers perform at Tipitina's in New Orleans on Friday, March 1, 2024. It was the first time the kids' music quartet had performed an adults-only show at a nightclub.
Translated into more than 20 languages, the “Imagination Movers” show earned an international following. Between seasons, the Movers toured the globe from Bahrain to Spain. In the United States and Canada, they embarked on weekslong tours of theater-sized venues, entertaining more than 1 million fans. Chris Rock and Conan O’Brien brought their kids to Movers concerts. They performed at the White House.
“We’ve been very fortunate to be able to see the world because of this idea that happened in the backyard of a Lakeview neighborhood,” Durbin said.
One tour bus driver more accustomed to rolling with the likes of Snoop Dogg judged the Movers to be the “lamest band in the world.” Their “partying” consisted of a post-show beer or two in the bus while taking turns deejaying for singalongs.
“Those times on the bus, when we were together in fellowship, are magical moments that we all look back on and treasure,” Durbin said. “It happened at a point in our lives when we were mature enough to handle it. I could not imagine that kind of experience and success at 18 or 20.
“We’ve always maintained a balance between success, family and friendship. The fact that we are 22 years into this and remain good friends is a testament to why we do it.”
Disney’s decision to not renew “Imagination Movers” for a fourth season was a blow. But thanks to their contract, they still owned most of the intellectual property associated with the Imagination Movers brand. Thus, they were free to continue using the name, costumes and props that fans recognized.
The Imagination Movers -- from left, touring drummer Kyle Melancon, bassist Dave Poche, keyboardist Scott Durbin, guitarist Scott 'Smitty' Smith and drummer/guitarist Rich Collins -- pose in a backstage stairwell at the New Orleans music club Tipitina's on Friday, March 1, 2024.
They recorded and released new albums paid for by crowd-funding. They're especially proud of their first post-Disney release, “Rock-O-Matic,” which contains several songs they wrote for the TV show that were rejected by Disney.
“If you want a primer on the Movers, that’s a great one,” Durbin said. “Earnest, silly — it is the gamut of what we’re capable of.”
Without Disney income, the Movers returned to their old day jobs. Smith is a firefighter, Poche an architect and Collins a writer/editor.
Durbin is an assistant professor at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette and coordinator of the university’s music business program. His real-world experience — touring, releasing and marketing music, lawsuits with ex-managers, etc. — informs discussions with his students.
“One of the reasons I went into music business was to find all the ways we were taken advantage of,” he said. “My goal (with students) is ‘learn, learn, learn,’ so that if you’re in the same position we were, you can make informed decisions.”
Durbin, Poche, Collins and Smith still enthusiastically sustain their parallel lives as the Imagination Movers. They still travel for shows on weekends. This spring, Armed Forces Entertainment, the Department of Defense agency that provides entertainment for troops, sent the Movers to Japan, South Korea and Singapore.
The 76 episodes of the “Imagination Movers” show are available on the streaming service Disney+. Movers songs — they’ve written more than 250 — continue to populate SiriusXM’s Kids Place Live. One song from “Rock-O-Matic,” “Watermelon Meow Meow,” has nearly 20 million streams on Spotify.
The Imagination Movers during the video shoot for 'Ice Cream Sandwich,' a song from the New Orleans kids' music quartet's 2024 album 'Blue Skies.'
“We are purveyors of three or four chords and the truth,” Durbin said. “That’s been with us since Day 1. We’ve stayed true to that.”
“Blue Skies” is the latest example. Songs such as “Ice Cream Sandwich,” “Road Trip” and “Summer Campers” tap into kids' summertime experiences.
The album’s final track, “Moose and Deer Country,” celebrates Canada, always a strong market for the Movers. The title, like “Blue Skies,” has a hidden, historic meaning.
Late one night while crisscrossing an empty expanse of Canada in a tour bus, the Movers were having one of their post-show singalongs. Without warning, the bus driver slammed on the brakes. Durbin, who had just stood up, was thrown across the bus.
The driver thought the musicians were being too loud for him to concentrate. “He yelled, ‘This is moose and deer country!’” Durbin said.
Collins immediately informed the driver that he was fired, which made the duration of the overnight drive rather uncomfortable.
The “moose and deer country” phrase “was not a great situation at the moment," Durbin said. But the band "turned it into something good — an ode to Canada.”
The Movers are likely done with epic bus tours. But they hope to keep pulling on the blue overalls long enough to make memories for the children of their original fans.
“We’ll continue doing it as long as we’re doing it for the right reasons and we have fans who come out to see us,” Durbin said. “As long as that happens, there’s no reason not to, unless our knees and hips become a situation.
“We’ve always believed that we’re not just performing to that 6- to 8-year-old, but to the older siblings and parents and grandparents. To be that shared experience for a family. As long as we’re continuing to do that, I don’t see when we’d stop.”
Email Keith Spera at kspera@theadvocate.com.
News Tips:nolanewstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: