All good things must come to an end and that includes fashion month. Happily, the Fall 2024 shows left in their wake a good deal of trends to admire and inspire (and a few to puzzle over). But before you start planning out your next cold-weather wardrobe, it's time to get your color palette in order. To take a look at all of the beautiful Fall 2024 color trends that graced the runways in New York, London, Milan and Paris.
Ahead, take in the top colors from the Fall 2024 collections. It'll be that much easier to color-coordinate your closet come September.
Black
Breaking news: Black is the new black. All-black outfits were all over the Fall 2024 New York, London, Milan and Paris runways. (Although, let's be honest, black will always be popular for fall.) At Valentino, where Barbie pink once reigned, Pierpaolo Piccioli hammered home the trend with a 63-look collection done entirely in black. Needless to say Piccioli and his peers used exciting textures, fabrics, details and silhouettes to ensure their achromatic looks were anything but one-note.
Espresso
Also in the realm of dark neutrals, deep chocolate brown, or espresso, remains a designer favorite. Makes sense. It's the perfect shade for winter. It's earthy and elegant, sleek and sumptuous. It pairs well with black, white and other shades of brown, as Acne Studios, Fforme, Rokh and more prove.
Buttery Yellow
Another constant on the runways, buttery yellow showed up in a ton of Fall 2024 collections. It's a mellow yet vibrant tone. A near neutral. Cream's punchier cousin. Bottega Veneta, Victoria Beckham and Rabanne anchored the hue with the color brown, but it goes equally well with blues (especially teals), light grays and whites.
Chartreuse
The Fall 2024 shows were extremely green-heavy, some recurrent shades more wearable than others. In the latter camp you'll find chartreuse (or Golden Palm, according to Pantone). This arresting, electric yellow-green hue was especially popular with New York designers, although it did get some love overseas at Mugler, Iceberg, Gauchere and more.
Lime Green
Lime green — not to be confused with chartreuse even though the two are very similar — lit up the Fall 2024 runways. The color of Shrek, Nickelodeon slime and Billie Eilish's roots for a time, the striking shade popped up at Miu Miu, Emilia Wickstead and more. For the sartorially fearful, Off-White's fuzzy half jacket is a risk-free, shed-able option.
Moss Green
Last, but not least, the Fall 2024 collections brimmed with rich shades of moss green ranging from browner at Dries Van Noten, Bottega Veneta and Chet Lo to lighter at Bally, Alberta Ferretti and Roberto Cavalli. Take it from master color-coordinator Dries Van Noten, dark mosses pair extremely well with dusty pinks (another seasonal favorite).
Light Slate Gray
Not just for bland work pants, gray got its due on the Fall 2024 runways. Light slate in particular. Eudon Choi used it for a cozy sweater-cardigan hybrid. Louis Vuitton showed a silvery suit-of-armor jacket. Coperni had a pale gray "flying saucer" dress with a drop waist and tight bubble hem.
Dusty Rose
Don't call it millennial pink! For Fall 2024, designers are embracing dusty rose. It skewed darker at Fendi, Erdem and Rick Owens, lighter at Stella McCartney. Burgundy, marigold, reddish brown and black were popular accompaniments.
Navy
Practical dressing is in and designers are all about neutrals, including super-saturated navies. The color wears like all black, but without the same intensity. Especially when it's fashioned into a velvet princess-sleeve minidress, like at Anna Sui, or a tie-detail nylon parka cinched with a corset as at Simone Rocha.
Cherry Red
Will the head-to-toe red trend ever cease? Not anytime soon. Our almanacs are calling for tomato girl winter.
Deep Burgundy
Less ubiquitous than cherry red, but with more oomph than your basic black or brown, burgundy is another solid trending option for those who'd like to inject some color into their fall wardrobe. Designers often favored monochrome styling combining burgundy leathers, silks and ultra-fine knits.
Sky Blue
Here's a cheery, escapist hue to help you get through the next cold-weather season. Sky blue was a major theme at the Fall 2024 shows, ranging from bright and vivid (Balenciaga, Issey Miyake) to pale and powdery (Prada, Ottolinger). Dress as the skies you want, not the skies you have.
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved