The "Like That" rapper is prepping another new album with Metro Boomin that is sure to add to his towering Billboard chart legacy.

													By
												

	Kyle Denis


	For more than a decade, Future has stood as a hip-hop powerhouse, setting trends, notching countless hit records and helping shift the sound of popular music with each new album. Ahead of the release of We Still Don’t Trust You — his second Metro Boomin joint album of 2024 — Billboard has put together a brief roundup of the Grammy winner’s most impressive chart achievements.

	Future made his Billboard Hot 100 debut back in 2011 with his appearance on YC’s “Racks” (No. 42), which also reached No. 4 on Hot Rap Songs. Since then, the rap superstar has racked up a whopping 185 career entries on the Hot 100, the fourth-most for any artist in Billboard history behind Drake (329), Taylor Swift (232) and Lil Wayne (186).

	










	Of those 185 Hot 100 entries, 15 have hit the top 10, including 2017’s “Mask Off” (No. 5) and 2020’s Drake-assisted “Life Is Good” (No. 2). The “Tony Montana” rapper has also earned three Hot 100 chart-toppers: 2021’s “Way 2 Sexy” (with Drake and Young Thug), 2022’s “Wait for U” (with Drake and Tems) and 2024’s “Like That” (with Metro Boomin and Kendrick Lamar).

	Over on the Billboard 200, Future has notched nine No. 1 titles, including 2015’s DS2, 2022’s I Never Liked You and this year’s We Don’t Trust You (with Metro Boomin). In 2017, with the back-to-back releases of Future and Hndrxx, Future became the first soloist in Billboard 200 history to debut two different albums at No. 1 in consecutive weeks.

	With just a few days to go until We Still Don’t Trust You, Future could add a few more major achievements to his impressive Billboard chart history.

	After the video, catch up on more Billboard Explains videos and learn about Peso Pluma and the Mexican music boom, the role record labels play, origins of hip-hop, how Beyoncé arrived at Renaissance, the evolution of girl groups, BBMAs, NFTs, SXSW, the magic of boy bands, American Music Awards, the Billboard Latin Music Awards, the Hot 100 chart, how R&B/hip-hop became the biggest genre in the U.S., how festivals book their lineups, Billie Eilish’s formula for success, the history of rap battles, nonbinary awareness in music, the Billboard Music Awards, the Free Britney movement, rise of K-pop in the U.S., why Taylor Swift is re-recording her first six albums, the boom of hit all-female collaborations, how Grammy nominees and winners are chosen, why songwriters are selling their publishing catalogs, how the Super Bowl halftime show is booked and more.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.