I worked at Ulta as a fragrance consultant for over two years. In my role, I introduced customers to new scents, fragrance matched for dupes, found updated versions of nostalgic perfumes, and more. 
Throughout my shifts, I sampled every scent Ulta carried multiple times — I spent so much time around scent, it would give most people a headache. But in doing so, I gained a lot of fragrance-specific knowledge and built up my own stash. 
Here are eight scents I think everyone should have in their perfume collection. 
Water-forward scents are classic — especially if you want to smell like you're sitting by a waterfall in a rainforest. 
My top pick would probably be the oil-based Acqua di Giò Eau de Toilette by Armani, which has hints of tangerine, bergamot, neroli, rosemary, persimmon, and patchouli. 
Being a luxury brand, it's certainly on the pricier side, but I think it's worth it. I can smell this fragrance from a mile away.
I always reach for an impressively bold, warm, autumn-leaning fragrance when the weather starts to cool down — and luckily, there are options beyond pumpkin spice.
If you have the budget for a $100+ bottle, I recommend Black Opium from Yves Saint Laurent. But there are also plenty of dupes of the luxury favorite.
With notes of coffee, vanilla, and a hint of floral, it's a great fragrance choice for just about anyone.
Nothing beats a fresh, clean fragrance — especially after deep cleaning my home. 
I love that brands like Capri Blue make perfumes, candles, diffusers, and more in the same scent, so I can really lean into it when I'm in the mood. 
The brand's volcano scent is hyped up for a reason. I think it strikes a nice balance between being bold but still fresh. I'd wear it and spray my home with it any day. 
The perfume market is full of vanilla fragrances, and I like it when they lean on the sweeter side. There's something luxurious about a rich, decadent scent. 
Although I was originally pulled toward Idôle Nectar Eau de Parfum for its funky bottle, I love how it blends bourbon vanilla notes with caramel popcorn and rose. 
This is the kind of perfume that makes people stop and ask what you're wearing — especially if you layer it over some unscented lotion to create a more subtle, long-lasting scent. 
What's better than a spritz that smells like the summertime sunshine?
When I buy beachy scents, I tend to reach for lighter body and hair mists so I can easily touch them up throughout the day. As a bonus, mists are also often more affordable. 
One of my favorites is California Classic hair and body perfume, which blends vanilla, sandalwood, coconut, and citrus.
Every collection can use a palate-cleansing fragrance that smells like rain. Since it's a more natural scent, I think it's easy to wear and would suit almost anyone.
Clean's Classic Rain Eau de Parfum is a favorite of mine. Its hints of water lily, melon, and musk give off a fresh-dew vibe. 
Even if you don't think you like floral perfumes, I'd urge everyone to explore the category — it doesn't all smell like something from your grandma's shelf. 
One of my favorite takes on the scent is a woody floral, like Billie Eilish's Eilish No. 2 Eau de Parfum. The apple-blossom top notes are tempered with bergamot, black pepper, and vanilla for a deeper, more elevated fragrance.
Plus, the bottle looks like something out of a museum. 
Citrus is such a versatile fragrance profile. 
Pairing it with dry cedar gives you a crisp, fresh scent that leans more masculine. The iconic Bleu De Chanel is one of the best examples.
But delving into sweet orange makes for an incredible — more feminine — body mist. I like that Nest's Seville Orange leans really highlight the clementine notes.
Jump to