Paintings by Sag Harbor artist April Gornik anchor a gallery in the Parrish Art Museum's "Beyond the Horizon: Interpretations of the Landscape from Women in the Permanent Collection." Credit: Parrish Art Museum
March is Women's History Month, and there are lots of women artists on Long Island — a compelling combination. Dip your feet into seascapes and landscapes, dive into history, and find out how women share and inspire in exhibitions focused on the power of feminine creativity.
April Gornik's 2009 painting "Double Passage" is on view in "Beyond the Horizon: Interpretations of the Landscape from Women in the Permanent Collection" at the Parrish Art Museum. Credit: Gary J. Mamay
Local vistas, crashing waves, pastel sunsets, and imaginary worlds fill several galleries in the Parrish Art Museum's "Beyond the Horizon: Interpretations of the Landscape From Women in the Permanent Collection," which runs through June 16 and features landscapes from 19th, 20th and 21st century Long Island artists. Some views are recognizable, some are abstracted, some completely imaginary. But all are the result of the creative vision of women.
Do women see the world differently? Is there such a thing as women's art? Yes, and no, according to Brianna Hernández, assistant curator at the Parrish and organizer of the exhibition. "Broadly speaking, there's just art," she said, "but, there are things that women are influenced by in their lives that end up in their work."
"I think there is a difference," said North Haven artist April Gornik, whose four large works anchor one of the galleries. "I find that women are more quick to relate to my work than men. I think there's something more permeable about women in the way that we interact with the world and that we see nature as being more part of us."
WHAT "Les Visionnaires: In the Modernist Spirit"
WHAT IT'S ABOUT The dream states, altered realities and conundrums that power surrealist art are having a global moment, with exhibitions around the world, but some of the greatest surrealists lived and worked in New York and on Long Island. Right now, the women of surrealism are getting a much-deserved reassessment. Find out how why in this exhibit featuring works by Françoise Gilot, Leonora Carrington, Dorothea Tanning, Hannah Höch and others joined by other modernist masters like Max Ernst and Marc Chagall at Hofstra University's Emily Lowe Gallery.
WHEN | WHERE Through July 26, 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Tuesday-Friday and 12-4 p.m. Saturday-Sunday, Emily Lowe Gallery at Hofstra University, South Campus, 1000 Hempstead Tpke., Hempstead
INFO Free; 516-463-5672, hofstra.edu/museum
WHAT "Field Mappings — Weaves and Touchmaps."
WHAT IT'S ABOUT Hundreds of artists exhibited at Guild Hall's 2020 member show, including multimedia artist Darlene Charneco, who won top honors and a solo show. Circuitry and stitchery, maps and memories, hammers and nails, threads and needles all come together to evoke a sense domestic and global spheres in this exhibit of Charneco's work.
WHEN | WHERE March 9-May 6, 12-5 p.m. Friday-Monday, Guild Hall Museum, 158 Main St., East Hampton
INFO Free; 631-324-0806, guildhall.org
WHAT "What Was She Made For?"
WHAT IT'S ABOUT The Islip Arts Council presents this show inspired by the Billie Eilish song of the same name. Women's aspirations, hopes and destinies find voice in visual art; spoken and written words; and more.
WHEN | WHERE March 1-29, 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Tuesday-Saturday, Islip Arts Council Gallery, South Shore Mall, 1701 Sunrise Hwy., Bay Shore
INFO Free; 631-888-3525, isliparts.org
WHAT "Living Histories: Contemporary Shinnecock Stories Honoring Tradition"
WHAT IT'S ABOUT This solo exhibition spotlights the work of Shinnecock photographer Rebekah Phoenix Wise, a local artist who grew up on the Shinnecock Reservation. Here she offers glimpses of traditional and contemporary life in Native American culture.
WHEN | WHERE Through April 27 (by appointment), Ma's House, 159 Old Point Rd., Southampton
INFO 631-566-0486, mashouse.studio
Gornik's landscapes are filled with light and shadow, lush and expansive. "They're big enough so there's room to wander in … You kind of fill up that space with your soul," she said, describing her paintings as an invitation for viewers to see something meaningful to her. "I want people to be moved by the work."
Get ready for the weekend with our picks on where to shop, dine and have fun on Long Island.
By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Hernández selected works that are about feelings and experience rather than direct representation, noting, "I really want visitors to feel that they're immersed in these spaces — not in the literal space of the landscape but the space that these artists have created for reflection."
Helen Torr's "Color Study 18," is on view along with work made her husband, Arthur Dove, in "The Power of Two: Artist Couples of Long Island" at the Long Island Museum.  Credit: Long Island Museum
"The Power of Two: Artist Couples of Long Island" at the Long Island Museum looks at local couples who lived, loved and created art together. "What I found across the 14 couples included, across many generations, is that there is no one-size-fits-all," said curator Nina Sangimino. "Some couldn't keep their big personalities and a marriage together, and some of them were really supportive of one another."
You'll see works by Jackson Pollock, whose stardom was largely due to the efforts of his wife, Lee Krasner. "She kind of made him," said Sangimino. "She consciously decided that his career was the one that needed to be promoted."
Also included are works by Judith and Gerson Leiber, who upended the norm. Judith Leiber handbags are displayed alongside art in museums. Gerson largely gave up painting while they built a business. "He recognized that she was the horse to back in the relationship, and he was OK with that," said Sangimino.
The list goes on; so do artist couples, up to the present. "For so many generations, women artists have had to take a backseat to male artists. Sometimes there's the impression that there's only room for one to be successful and it would typically be the man," Sangimino noted. "I hope that in seeing the works together, people can see how talented both members of the couple were."
"It's all about women who were hanging up clothes for too long," laughed Women Sharing Art's president Sue Miller of the group's "Clothesline of Inspiration" exhibition. The Bay Shore-based nonprofit uses art to forge bonds, exhibit work, fund scholarships, and support women in the community. This exhibition brings wearable art, paintings, photographs, ceramics, mosaics and installations by dozens of members, created specifically for Women's History Month.
The clothesline theme, with works hung on lines, makes the art approachable while referencing what was once considered women's work. "We're coming back full circle," said Miller. "Too many of us were not given an opportunity to be artists when we were younger. We had to go to work. We had to stay home and do the laundry. There was no time to do art."
Now, they're using their work to strengthen others, inviting members of New Hour, a local organization that supports previously incarcerated women, to take free art classes and get involved. Miller explained, "We're tapping into empowering women and trying to find new strength."
Françoise Gilot's "#IX, from On the Stone: Poems and Lithographs" is on view in "Les Visionnaires: In the Modernist Spirit" at Hofstra University's Emily Lowe Gallery. Credit: Joan and Donald E. Axinn Library, Hofstra University
WHAT "Beyond the Horizon: Interpretations of the Landscape From Women in the Permanent Collection"
WHEN | WHERE Through June 16, 11 a.m.-5 p.m. Monday, Thursday and Saturday-Sunday and 11 a.m.-8 p.m. Friday, Parrish Art Museum, 279 Montauk Hwy., Water Mill
INFO $20, $14 seniors, free ages 17 and younger; 631-283-2118, parrishart.org
WHAT "The Power of Two: Artist Couples of Long Island"
WHEN | WHERE Through June 30, 12-5 p.m. Thursday-Sunday,The Long Island Museum, 1200 Rte. 25A, Stony Brook
INFO $15, $10 seniors, $10 students, free ages 6 and younger; 631-751-0066, longislandmuseum.org
WHAT "Clothesline of Inspiration"
WHEN | WHERE March 1-30, 12-4 p.m. Tuesday-Saturday, opening reception March 2, 1-4 p.m., Islip Arts Council Gallery, South Shore Mall, 1701 Sunrise Hwy, Bay Shore
INFO Free; 516-840-3255, womensharingart.org
The Newsday app makes it easier to access content without having to log in.
Unlimited Digital AccessOnly 25¢for 6 months
Privacy Policy | Terms of service | Subscription terms | Your ad choices | Cookie Settings | California Privacy Rights | About Us | Contact Newsday | Reprints & permissions | Advertise with Newsday | Help
Copyright ©2025 Newsday. All rights reserved.