Strictly’s Sarah Hadland is notoriously private about her family life but has allowed fans a small and heartfelt glimpse into her personal world recently.
TV fans know Sarah Hadland from BBC sitcom Miranda and more recently for her stint on Strictly Come Dancing. The actress, 53, is coupled up with professional dancer Vito Coppola , 32 and the pair have been wowing judges and the audience with their performances. It’s clear the two have struck up a strong relationship during training and filming for the BBC talent show. Vito has visited Sarah’s London home where he met one of her treasured family members - her cat Percy.
He shared snaps of himself cuddling up to the cute ginger mog and captioned the picture: "Finally I met Percy and I love him. It took about half an hour to meet each other, but at the end we had our bond. I just love pets and all the animals on this planet. I think that they are better than us and they can definitely feel when people love them." Although Sarah has previously shared images of Percy, she is extremely guarded when it comes to the other person she shares her home with. It’s thought Sarah has a daughter but she has never shown her face or revealed her name and age.
However she did recently dedicate a Strictly performance to her "little one" and spoke about why it was so important to her in a VT before the live dance. Sitting in the rehearsal studio Sarah told Vito why she had chosen Billie Eilish's Birds of a Feather hit to accompany their Foxtrot.
She was overcome with emotion as she showed the camera and Vito a collage of two painted birds with feathers stuck on and a heart in the middle of them that she had made with her child. "It's about my family and me and my little one," she said as she welled up with tears whilst laughing at herself for doing so. Vito reassured her it was ok to be overwhelmed as she added: "This song is special to us because we sing it together. It would be really lovely to show how I feel in the dance."
The star also recently spoke about balancing the role of being a mum with the gruelling rehearsals for the show. At the Daily Mirror ’s annual Pride of Britain Awards ceremony at Grosvenor House in London , Sarah told Hello! Magazine: "It's quite a juggle but you manage to do it like all working mums." She added: "I think you just have to put your 'mum hat' on and your 'work hat' on and I feel so lucky to be doing this show."
When it comes to her house in Blackheath, London, Sarah has shared various images from inside the plush home on Instagram. One shows her posing with a pal in her kitchen which has dark cupboards and sideboards contrasted with bright white wall and floor tiles and a large wooden bench in the centre of the room.
Another shows her celebrating her 50th birthday and taking a picture of a cardboard cutout of herself in her hallway. She can be seen in the reflection of two large mirrors, one with a white frame and another opulent silver one in the background. The floor features some vintage monochrome tiles.
She spoke to the Times in 2019 about discovering her home and why she loved its unique style. She said: "I found my house while traipsing behind my dad, telling him, 'Don't be ridiculous, I'll never be able to afford Blackheath.' We promptly came across this house. I am attracted to quirky buildings. The house was originally a stable - I have photos of it in the 1980s, with barn doors."
Who do you think will win Strictly this year? Let us know in the comments below.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.