By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Jeremy Renner took the stage of the People’s Choice Awards 2024 as a presenter to hand out the night’s first award.

	The appearance at the award ceremony happens amid the Avengers’ year-long recovery process following the snowplow incident at the beginning of 2023.

	“The fans rock,” Renner said as he hit the stage. “I gotta say, it feels good to be back. This year’s been a heck of a journey and I’m happy I get to be here with you, the fans, you guys are the best.”

RELATED: People’s Choice Awards Photos: The Best Of The Red Carpet Fashion



	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					Jeremy Renner On "Insult Offer" For 'Hawkeye' Season 2: "Did You Think I'm Only Half The Jeremy Because I Got Ran Over?"		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Jeremy Renner Details "Tiny But Monumental Slip Of Mind" That Caused Life-Changing Snow Plough Accident		
			







	It was a Marvel reunion as host of the night Simu Liu presented Renner, and Loki star Tom Hiddleston received Renner with a standing ovation as he walked onto the stage.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	Renner presented Billie Eilish with the TV Performance of the Year award for her work in Swarm.

	Watch Renner’s appearance at the PCAs in the video below.
Jeremy Renner presents the first award of the night #PCAs pic.twitter.com/Pr1z4Ds9OF

RELATED: People’s Choice Awards Winners List

	The actor recently talked about his recovery, telling ET he is “probably doing 90 percent of all the things I needed to be doing.”

	“I think another six months will be hopefully running [more]…,” he said. “I got to set goals for myself. I’ll do whatever I can… whatever it takes to get better, to get stronger.” 

	He continued, “It’s a one-way street, this recovery. The rest of my life is about health and wellness. Recovery will be part of the rest of my life, so I look forward to it, man. There’s always something to do to get better, be stronger, be happier, be healthier, and that’s what I look forward to.”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.