The environmental ethics of vinyl manufacturing in the midst of a climate crisis are something of a hot topic right now (if you’ll excuse the pun…).Global megastars such as Billie Eilish and Taylor Swift are seemingly trading verbal punches over just who, what, and how much each are doing to counter the huge carbon footprints involved in touring, manufacturing and the general shenanigans of being a pop star in the 21st century.And vinyl has been the watchword on everyone’s lips. Not least because, while revenues are falling everywhere for your average band/artist, the demand for vinyl has, conversely, seen a huge explosion. Despite the fact that streaming still made up 4/5ths of the total consumption of music in 2023, according to the Official Charts, around 5.9 million vinyl records were sold in the UK – a whopping 11.7 per cent rise on the previous year. This makes it a lucrative market for musicians in a landscape otherwise dominated by the measly spoils of Spotify, where a single stream will net you a paltry £0.04 (and that’s before the record company has taken its cut…).Upping the vinyl sales ante in 2024 we’ve already had Swift’s recent offering, The Tortured Poets Department, accumulating first week vinyl sales in excess of 800,000, with the album available in four different vinyl variants.Eilish seemed to be taking aim at Swift and her ilk with her recent comments in a Billboard interview [see our news pages, RC 558 – Ed] that blasted “some of the biggest artists in the world making fucking 40 different vinyl packages… just to get you to keep buying more. It’s so wasteful”.Wasteful and highly toxic: the PVC used to make vinyl takes up to a thousand years to degrade, and Greenpeace has called it “the single most environmentally damaging of all plastics”.So, what’s an artist to do? While Swift’s team have asserted her green credentials in that she bought “double the amount of carbon offsets needed” for the recent Eras tour, this seems like the bare minimum for an artist of her wealth and status. Others such as Coldplay and Paramore have made sustainability “mandatory” on their own tours, using a range of approaches from installing composting bins on site to minimising single-use plastics.While critics might counter that there were also four vinyl variants of Eilish’s 2021 album, Happier Than Ever, it’s worth noting that the album appeared on 100 per cent recycled black vinyl, as well as utilising shrink-wrap made from sugar cane. Eilish upped the ante in 2022 by turning the entire O2 arena vegan for six days, and now she’s including a £1 donation to the music sustainability nonprofit Reverb from all ticket sales on her upcoming tour. Eilish has indeed been practising what she preaches for years.But what of the conundrum for artists like me on a more modest budget? The debate around the real “costs” of vinyl has arrived just at the moment when The Musicians’ Census revealed that nearly half of professional musicians earn just under £14,000 a year. While Swift might be raking in $1 billion of tour revenue, a recent Guardian report showed that the majority of signed bands and artists are still failing to make a profit from touring. So, to be frank, flogging the vinyl of your latest release at the merch stall afterwards really helps.But how do we go about doing it with a clean(er) conscience?For my most recent album, Versions, we chose to prioritise making eco-conscious choices when it came to pressing up the record in a way that not only didn’t compromise on audio quality but also, by happenstance, ended up embodying the entire concept of the project itself.As a collection of reworkings of classic indie/alternative anthems from the last three decades, we stumbled upon the option to press on “eco-vinyl” (which reuses the leftover coloured pellets of vinyl from the factory floor). As well as being far more environmentally friendly than using standard “virgin” PVC vinyl, the end product resulted in each record pressed being a completely unique colour combination and collector’s item – a win for both the fan and for the planet. I love the idea that, like the collection of songs being pieces of other people’s imaginations, this record is quite literally made up of unused parts of other records.I was able to press the album with a sense of doing “the right thing” by our burning planet while offering up something truly collectable, that also satisfies my sense that a physical album product should always feel like something more than a storage unit for sound. All of this was done without any extra cost for fans or an increase in unit price for the label.So, as we face down the stark realities of the climate crisis, we should all be turning towards these innovative manufacturing methods. You, the collector, the listener, can also exert your own kind of influence. While none of us may be as powerful or as rich as Taylor Swift, we can vote with our cash and put pressure on labels to only use recycled or bio vinyl and the more eco-friendly alternatives to single-use plastic shrink wrap.As Eilish herself has put it so eloquently, “It’s about all of us being part of the problem and trying to do better.”
Catherine Anne Davies makes records as The Anchoress. theanchoress.co.uk.
Regular readers of this column may have noticed my evangelical tick for making big pronouncements, like a hipper, smarter, and better-looking Alan McGee: “Herman’s Hermits were the real sound of the 60s.” “Mouldy Old Dough by Lieutenant Pigeon was the street punk of the early 70s.” “4 Skins were wildly misunderstood.” “The 90s were …
When the accolade for creating an entire genre of music singlehandedly is awarded posthumously most of us, quite rightly, cry foul. But if there is one person from the canon of late 20th Century music who can arguably be awarded this prestigious honour, it is the formerly hardest working man in show business, Mr James Brown. You only have to listen…
We need to talk about James Brown. Look, I know his singles were wicked, while a lot of his albums could be dodgy, but that wasn’t always the case, and it wasn’t entirely his fault.  Much of his career was spent on King, a label he realised was too unadventurous for him as early as 1962, but he couldn’t escape its clutches, despite a short co…
Singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and Eels frontman Mark ‘E’ Everett has been through the ringer. But after open heart surgery following Eels’ 2023 Lockdown Hurricane tour, he’s back with a new Eels album, Eels Time. “It was scary,” he tells Record Collector. “We’d had the whole culture shock of going back out on the road af…
Sign up to our newsletter to keep up to date with Record Collector magazine features, reviews and discographies.
Tweets by RecCollMag 
Find
CLICK HERE
Your browser does not support iframes.