By Greg Evans 
NY & Broadway Editor

	In this week’s Saturday Night Live promo, Michael Keaton seems very pumped up to return as host. As a boxing match-style announcer intones some very iffy facts – 7’3 inches tall? 295 pounds? 2006 University of Beijing grad? – the Beetlejuice Beetlejuice star gets increasingly annoyed and psyched. 

	All well and good until a costume malfunction involving tear-away sweats occurs. 

	Watch the promo above – and keep watching.

	The October 19 show will mark Keaton’s fourth time hosting. Musical guest Billie Eilish returns as musical guest for her fourth time as well.

Saturday Night Live is produced in association with Broadway Video. The creator and executive producer is Lorne Michaels. SNL will mark its 50th anniversary with a live primetime special on Sunday February 16.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






Saturday Night Live airs at 8:30 p.m. PT/11:30 p.m. ET on NBC. 
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.