Less than a year ago, Sabrina Carpenter was Taylor Swift’s opening act on the international leg of the ‘Eras Tour.’
Things have changed quite a bit since then.
Following the release of her mega singles “Espresso” and “Please Please Please” — some call them the songs of summer — she became a bona fide headliner in her own right.
Now, on Sunday, Sept. 29, Carpenter will bring her own international ‘Short n’ Sweet Tour’ to New York City’s Madison Square Garden along with special guest Amaarae
The following night, Monday, Sept. 30, the “Taste” singer swings into Brooklyn’s Barclays Center for an encore Big Apple performance.
These back-to-back gigs will be the fourth and fifth shows on the sprawling, intercontinental run; the first concert took place at Columbus’ Nationwide Arena and was reportedly a three-act doozy.
“OPENING NIGHT SURE WAS SWEET,” Carpenter shared on Instagram. “Thank you Columbus for a sold out show and dressing up and singing every single word.”
If you want to dress up and sing along with Taylor Swift’s former opener, last-minute tickets are still available for both huge arena shows.
At the time of publication, the cheapest tickets for the MSG show was $314 before fees on Vivid Seats.
Barclays Center seats start at $258 before fees.
For more information, our team has everything you need to know and more about Sabrina Carpenter’s Madison Square Garden and Barclays Center ‘Short n’ Sweet’ shows below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete breakdown of all the best prices on Sabrina Carpenter MSG and Barclays Center tickets by section can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and, if it isn’t noted, will include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Still curious about Vivid Seats? You can find an article from their team about why the company is legit here.
After the NYC and Brooklyn gigs, Carpenter has ‘Short n’ Sweet’ concerts lined up at venues all over North America in September, October, and November and overseas in March 2025.
At the first ‘Short n’ Sweet’ concert, Carpenter performed 21 songs over three acts and an encore. For a closer look, here’s what she took to the stage at Columbus’ Nationwide Arena on Monday, Sept. 23, according to Set List FM:
Act I
01.) “Taste”02.) “Good Graces”03.) “Slim Pickins”04.) “Tornado Warnings”05.) “Lie To Girls”06.) “decode”07.) “Bed Chem”Act II
08.) “Feather”09.) “Fast Times”10.) “Read your Mind”11.) “Sharpest Tool”12.) “opposite”13.) “because i liked a boy”14.) “Coincidence”15.) “Mamma Mia” (ABBA cover)16.) “Nonsense”Act III
17.) “Dumb & Poetic”18.) “Juno”19.) “Please Please Please”20.) “Don’t Smile”Encore
21.) “Espresso”
On Friday, Aug. 23, Carpenter dropped her sixth studio album “Short n’ Sweet.”
Clocking in at just 36 minutes, the record is short and sweet but also saucy and slinky. It’s a major step forward for the budding pop star. By our estimation, traces of folk, R&B, synth rock, and country line the sonically adventurous album.
Standout tracks — other than the ubiquitous and ebullient “Espresso” and “Please Please Please” — include the downbeat, chillwave-esque “Don’t Smile,” winsome “Slim Pickins” (this song may be the very definition of “demure”) and self-righteous “Taste.”
Don’t sleep on the dreamy Olivia Rodrigo-ish “Lie To Girls” either. The urgent lyrics are a gut punch, too. “You don’t have to lie to girls/ if they like you/ they they’ll just lie to themselves” will be rattling around in our brains rent-free for months, and for good reason; that’s a wallop.
Want to listen?
You can find “Short n’ Sweet” here.
The 30-year-old R&B songstress has a pair of studio albums under her belt: 2020’s “The Angel You Don’t Know” and 2023’s “Fountain Baby.”
If you haven’t heard her before, we recommend starting with her smash “Sad Gurlz Luz Money” and then try the plucky “Angels In Tibet” and smooth “sweeeet.”
Her entire discography can be found here.
Carpenter isn’t the only major star out and about this year.
Here are just five more of our favorites you absolutely won’t want to miss live these next few months.
• Gracie Abrams
• Kehlani
• Chappell Roan
• Billie Eilish
• Benson Boone
Who else is on the road? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change