Fleur East has left fans saying they 'can't cope' after she shared a sweet update after welcoming her first child into the world. The singer and presenter and her husband Marcel Robin confirmed the birth of their daughter back in March.
Fleur and Marcel, who is a fashion designer and was the founder of the Marr Ldn brand before it ceased production last year, announced over Easter that baby Nova made an interesting arrival into the world as they shared a number of pictures of the family of three for the first time.
At the time, Strictly Come Dancing star Fleur confirmed they'd named their daughter Nova and that she made her entrance "via squat position into the arms of my Husband and I on our living room floor".
READ MORE: Kym Marsh's new boyfriend hits back after she gushes over 'unexpected' romance
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and Breaking News group by clicking this link
Since then, Fleur has been sharing updates about her and Marcel's new life as first-time partners and how Nova is getting on. In her latest post, the trio were seen enjoying time together as they were seen in a video unable to hide their smiles as Fleur rocked their baby girl.
Captioning the post, which was set to the Billie Eilish track 'Bird of a Feather', Fleur wrote: "Family - where life begins and love never ends." And it didn't take long for the comments to come flooding in.
Fleur's former Strictly dance partner Vito Coppola said: "There is so much love in you guys… It’s so nice to be around you and your family." Her sister Keisha East replied: "Cute."
@nailsatthecandibar commented: "Actually can't cope with you 3. THE most beautiful family." @simonewastian_official wrote: "That's wonderful, all the best for your pretty sweet family." @kellymaslen__ posted: "Beautiful family. I can feel the love." @thislittlepiggyltd shared: "This is gorgeous." @miss_sel1 added: "And what a beautiful family you are."
It comes after Fleur revealed what she'll continue to do following Nova's arrival. Last month, to mark Father's Day, shared a sweet video on Instagram which featured a string of clips of Marcel doting on their baby girl. Adding Ruelle's 'I Get to Love You' as the emotional soundtrack, she wrote: "Happy first Father’s Day to my Husband @marcel__robin..."
Fleur, who tragically lost her own father in 2020, continued: "Watching you with our baby girl makes me love you so much more! You are the most amazing, attentive and calm Father and you truly care for me so I can be the best Mother. I could watch you with Nova all day. When this day comes around I always miss my Dad and seeing the relationship my Husband has with our daughter, reminds me of how close I was to my Father."
It is then that she added: "So I’m always filming these special moments to keep for our daughter, because I wish I had them to watch back with my Dad. Anyone feeling it today, I’m thinking of you #fathersday."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.