By LAURA FOX FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:47, 12 March 2024   |  Updated:  11:17, 12 March 2024   
 15
View  comments
Bradley Cooper's surprise cameo in Abbott Elementary left fans in hysterics for a wholly different reason, after the star missed out on multiple Academy Awards during Sunday's ceremony.
The actor starred as himself in the latest episode of the ABC comedy, where he was gently ribbed by school staff who mistakenly said that he'd starred in a slew of films... but notably none of them were his own.
While Bradley's appearance was no doubt filmed months in advance, one fan noted that its broadcast was hilariously timed, just hours after his film Maestro went home empty-handed from the Oscars.
Instead staff said Bradley had starred in awards favourites The Holdovers and Oppenheimer, leading the actor to notably stare right into the camera.
In the short scene, Bradley visits the class of second-grad student Kaleel, but the pupils fail to realise who he is.
Bradley Cooper's awkwardly-timed cameo in Abbott Elementary left fans in hysterics, after the star missed out on multiple Academy Awards during Sunday's ceremony
In his appearance, the actor was mistaken for starring in some of the biggest Oscar-winning films, just a day after his Leonard Bernstein biopic Maestro failed to win a single prize
Barbara (played by Sheryl Lee Ralph) appeared to mistake him for Paul Giamatti said: 'Oh, I just loved you in The Holdovers. It was just so heartwarming,' 
Gregor (Tyler James Williams) then corrected her by noting: ''It's The Hangover and no it's not.'
'Guys, he's literally in a critically acclaimed film right now,' Janine (Quinta Brunson) said, only for Melissa to wrongfully assume Bradley starred in Oppenheimer, which won the Oscar for Best Picture. 
'Is that the one about Napoleon?' asked Mr. Johnson (William Stanford Davis), but Bradley quickly interjected to not he 'wasn't in Oppenheimer.'
The clip was shared by one fan on social media, who captioned the post: 'airing this right after he lost multiple oscars to oppenheimer was FOUL.'
Series creator Quinta Brunson said Bradley was 'eager' to make a cameo in the series despite his busy schedule.
In a statement she said: 'We talked about the best creative way to have him join us for a cold open. Since he's a local [to Philadelphia] it was easy to imagine he was visiting his favorite deli. Besides that, he was lovely on set. 
'Super kind and cool to the cast, crew and kids. He walked down to meet the crew before it was even time for him to film. It was awesome, and it was a joy to act with him.'
While Bradley's appearance was no doubt filmed months in advance, one fan noted that its broadcast was hilariously timed
The clip was shared by one fan on social media, who noted the jokes in the episode
Bradley's Maestro, where he stars as the legendary composer Leonard Bernstein, had been nominated for seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture, and Best Actor.
However the film failed to scoop a single prize, meaning that even after 12 nominations, across writing, acting and producing, Bradley is still yet to be named an Academy Award winner.
Rumours had been rife that Bradley would be joined by his girlfriend Gigi Hadid at Sunday's Oscars, but instead he opted to bring his mother Gloria.
Oppenheimer won a whopping seven Oscars at Sunday night's Academy Awards - while rival Barbie only won one. 
Meanwhile Emma Stone led Poor Things to an impressive four including her Best Actress win and UK film The Zone Of Interest won two at the gala event held at The Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, California. 
The historical epic directed by Christopher Nolan swept the major categories with wins for Best Actor Cillian Murphy, Best Supporting Actor Robert Downey Jr. and Nolan - with the film also winning Best Picture.
In contrast, Barbie, who memorably won against Oppenheimer in the 'Barbenheimer' box office showdown over the summer, walked away with just one award for Best Original Song for What Was I Made For? by Billie Eilish and Finneas McConnell.  
Downey Jr. jokingly thanked his 'terrible childhood' as he finally won an Oscar for his portrayal of Lewis Strauss, was delighted as he took to the stage -  after host Jimmy Kimmel made a very awkward quip about his drug use.
The veteran actor - who has acted for over five decades -  took home the Academy Award over stiff competition including Sterling K. Brown, American Fiction, Robert De Niro, Killers of the Flower Moon, Ryan Gosling, Barbie, and Mark Ruffalo, Poor Things.
Oppenheimer won seven awards in total - as well as Best Actor for Cillian Murphy, Best Supporting Actor, Best Director for Christopher Nolan, and Best Picture,  it won Original Score for Ludwig Göransson - along with cinematography and achievement in film editing.
Al Pacino announced Oppenheimer as the Best Picture winner without bothering to name all the other nominees.
After the two films were released on the same day - July 21 - Barbenheimer gripped film fans who made an event out of going directly from the screening of one to the other. 
Rumours had been rife that Bradley would be joined by his girlfriend Gigi Hadid at Sunday's Oscars, but instead he opted to bring his mother Gloria
Bradley's Maestro, where he stars as the legendary composer Leonard Bernstein, had been nominated for seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture, and Best Actor
As Emma was walking on stage she signaled that there was something wrong with her dress as she quickly acknowledged it during her emotional acceptance speech.
She said: 'Oh, boy. My dress is broken. I think it happened during I'm Just Ken. I'm pretty sure. Oh, boy, this is really -- this is really overwhelming. Sorry, I'm -- okay, my voice is also a little gone. Whatever.'
Da'Vine Joy Randolph emotionally kicked off the Oscars as she broke into tears as she earned the coveted Actress in a Supporting Role for The Holdovers.
The talented 37-year-old actress beat out stiff competition including Emily Blunt, Oppenheimer, Danielle Brooks, The Color Purple, America Ferrera, Barbie, and Jodie Foster, Nyad.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group