E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			Trending:		
More than a year after Chicago was announced as the host city, the Democratic National Convention is about to start.
Running Monday through Thursday, the convention is a huge moment for national Democrats, who have had a whirlwind few weeks since President Joe Biden quit the race, paving the way for Vice President Kamala Harris to become the first Black and Asian American woman to lead a major party ticket.
Eyes will also be on Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson and Illinois Gov. JB Pritzker, who are looking to pull off the massive made-for-TV event without a hitch, building on the success of the 1996 Democratic convention and continuing to push aside historic images of the contentious 1968 DNC.
Here’s what to know:
Traditionally, party leaders come together every four years to nominate the person they want on the top of the presidential ticket in November. Republicans held their convention last month in Milwaukee.
There are a few nontraditional things about this year’s DNC, though.
Typically, the person nominated emerged victorious through primary elections across the country in spring and summer. This year is different for Democrats since Biden dropped out of the race in July.
Harris, Biden’s vice president, has already been nominated in an online roll-call of delegates to be the Democratic nominee, so there won’t be a formal, official vote to nominate her at the convention.
Instead there will be a ceremonial roll call, speeches from party leaders and up-and-comers, and an introduction of Harris’ recently announced running mate, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz. It’ll be a televised rally of support to build on Harris’ fundraising and polling momentum from the past month.
Nearly all of the Democratic Party’s well-known officeholders will be joined by thousands of delegates and other supporters and volunteers, along with thousands of members of the media, at the  main venues: McCormick Place and the United Center. In addition, organizers are predicting thousands of protesters will take to the streets to bring attention to issues that include the war in Gaza.
There will likely also be some A-list celebrity sightings at the convention sites and around town. Billie Eilish and Julia Louis-Dreyfus took part in Democrats’ last national convention, which was primarily virtual due to the pandemic.
Overall, the DNC estimates some 50,000 visitors will be in Chicago for the convention.
Convention events at the United Center and McCormick Place are not open to the public.
Much of the schedule, including the speaker list, has yet to be announced, although Pritzker, expected to speak Tuesday, and former President Barack Obama are among those that figure to have prominent slots. Daytime party business and meetings will largely take place at McCormick Place, according to the DNC. Evening events, including the major speeches and hoopla that is likely to be televised, will be at the United Center.
Harris is expected to give the convention’s final speech on Thursday, with Walz expected to speak Wednesday.
Johnson’s administration proposed that many protesters march west from Union Park, past a small park north of the United Center and then east back to Union Park. Officials announced the route after a coalition of pro-Palestinian protest groups sued to block the city from confining protesters to a two-block strip of Grant Park, far from the United Center.
U.S. District Judge Andrea Wood ruled that she would not force City Hall to widen and lengthen the authorized route, as some protesters had sought.
Park No. 578 just north of the United Center will also serve as a “free speech zone,” Glen Brooks, director of community policing at the Chicago Police Department, said.
On Friday, following last-minute complaints from protesters and negotiations with the city that were ultimately settled after Mayor Johnson himself intervened, the city allowed for a stage and a sound system for two rallies in Union Park.
Cable news channels will likely carry much of the top prime time programming live. Fox News, CNN and MSNBC will all have top anchors present at the convention, with Bret Baier and Martha MacCallum anchoring for Fox and Jake Tapper and Anderson Cooper broadcasting from the United Center for CNN.
The DNC will broadcast its own feed on social media and its website, DemConvention.com, as well as on Amazon Prime Video. The major networks are expected to offer some prime time coverage. Events will also be available through streaming services.
“The Late Show with Stephen Colbert” plans to broadcast from the Auditorium Theatre downtown throughout the week of the DNC — suggesting the Emmy-winning, formerly Chicago-based comedian and Northwestern University alum plans to host guests from the United Center on his late-night show.
Comedy Central’s “The Daily Show” will also broadcast from Chicago during the convention, including a live show Aug. 22.
Chicago has hosted 25 major party national conventions, 14 for Republicans and 11 for Democrats, since 1860, when Abraham Lincoln was nominated by Republicans, according to the Chicago History Museum. That’s the most of any U.S. city, with the runner-up, Baltimore, having hosted 10. 
Chicago Tribune’s A.D. Quig contributed to this story. This is an abridged version; it was originally published by the Chicago Tribune.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group