ByRosa Escandon
ByRosa Escandon,
 Contributor. 
SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE — Episode 1865 — Pictured: (l-r) Bowen Yang as Moo Dang the hippo and Colin Jost ... More during Weekend Update on Saturday, September 28, 2024
Saturday Night Live has returned for its 50th season, with new episodes airing on Saturdays at 11:30 p.m. EST on NBC. The first episode premiered on September 28 with host Jean Smart and musical guest Jelly Roll—episode 2 airs on October 5th with comedian Nate Bargatze as a host and music by Coldplay.
Later announced episodes in the season include episode 3, hosted by Arianna Grande with musical guest Stevie Nicks on October 12; episode 4 with Michael Keaton and Billie Eilish on October 19; and episode 5 with John Mulaney and Chappell Roan on November 2.
SNL50: The Anniversary Season features repertory players Mikey Day, Andrew Dismukes, Chloe Fineman, Heidi Gardner, Marcello Hernandez, James Austin Johnson, Michael Longfellow, Ego Nwodim, Sarah Sherman, Kenan Thompson, Devon Walker and Bowen Yang, as well as Michael Che and Colin Jost on Weekend Update. It also features three featured players: Ashley Padilla, Emil Wakim and Jane Wickline.
New episodes of the legacy comedy show will air on NBC on Saturdays at 8:30 p.m. PT / 11:30 p.m. ET.
You can watch SNL live on NBC if you have access to local TV channels through your cable package or antenna.
SNL is available through DirecTV Stream, which gives users access to local channels. All of their packages allow users to stream local channels, and packages start at $69.99 monthly after a free trial (however, pricing can be dependent on area). Similarly, SNL is available to stream live on Fubo TV with a subscription or free trial. Hulu + Live TV also allows users to stream NBC live. Their plan costs $76.99 monthly after a short free trial and is also bundled with ESPN+ and Disney+.
For lower-cost options, SNL can be streamed live with a Peacock Premium Plus subscription, which costs $13.99 monthly.
Peacock adds new episodes of SNL on Sundays. Users with the Peacock Premium package (which costs $7.99) or Premium Plus can stream episodes from season 50 the day after they air.
While Hulu used to host the back catalog of SNL episodes, Peacock now offers the entire back catalog (over 900 episodes) to stream for subscribers.
New episodes air weekly. While SNL doesn’t announce its entire lineup of episodes at once, most seasons have between 18-22 episodes. Upcoming episodes announced for season 50 include: