Lately El Paso, Texas has been seeing several mentions from celebrities in music, in films & recently, on late night television. The superstar, Billie Eilish, revealed some interesting information regarding El Paso: she got the inspiration to write some of her music while visiting our city.
While appearing on Jimmy Kimmel Live, Billie revealed that her and her brother FINNEAS would travel to various places to record her music. One of those places being El Paso.
She also revealed that she apparently went to " little hotels in El Paso". She went on to say it was fun because "it was so causal and normal", meaning that El Paso must've given Billie & her brother a productive and creative vibe. Obviously El Paso MUST have had meant something to Billie; why else would she have mention us specifically on television?
Well sadly she didn't name drop any specific hotels, nor did she say which song in particular was actually recorded in El Paso. However some people joked online about it saying she probably went to the Red Roof, the De Soto Hotel or the Plaza Theater.
Personally...I think the Plaza Theater might not be a bad guess. It's a very popular spot in Downtown El Paso & Downtown has been extremely popular for celebrities. We've seen several celebrities film movies Downtown or even stop by while on tour like Jared Leto did earlier this year. There's also Sonic Ranch Studios in nearby Tornillo, Texas; a place favored by many musicians so it's definitely not surprising that Billie would the creativity going while in El Paso.
However we do know that Billie HAS been here in El Paso before; she did a guest performance alongside Khalid when he performed at the Don Haskins Center back in 2018.
It's amazing to think that while Billie loves L.A., our part of Texas also has a special place to Billie. If she ever wants to come back to record or perform (or both!), we will be ready for Billie's return!
Another celebrity that name dropped El Paso this year was Post Malone. Posty actually included our city in one of his new songs; you can find out which one it was right here. You can also read about Motley Crue's Nikki Sixx and the song HE wrote about El Paso here.
Gallery Credit: Daniel Paulus
Gallery Credit: Daniel Paulus
Gallery Credit: Daniel Paulus