By BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:31, 5 January 2024   |  Updated:  12:42, 5 January 2024   
 12
View  comments
Barbie director Greta Gerwing rung in the new year with a prestigious honor at the Palm Springs International Film Festival on Thursday.
The 40-year-old filmmaker took time out of her afternoon to greet fans and sign autographs before a special screening of the blockbuster at the festival.
Later that evening, she was presented the Director of the Year award by her stars Margot Robbie and America Ferrera. 
The Palm Springs International Film Festival Awards recognize break out performances in film as the festival is known for having the ability to spread good word-of-mouth for movies. 
She greeted fans in a dark blue pantsuit with a white t-shirt underneath her coat as she stepped out.
Barbie director Greta Gerwing rung in the new year with a prestigious honor at the Palm Springs International Film Festival on Thursday
The 40-year-old filmmaker took time out of her afternoon to greet fans and sign autographs before a special screening of the blockbuster at the festival
Later that evening, she was presented the Director of the Year award by her stars Margot Robbie and America Ferrera .
She greeted fans in a dark blue pantsuit with a white t-shirt underneath her coat as she stepped out
The actress and filmmaker accessorized with small gold hoop earrings, a black Gucci handbag with a gold chain while completing her look with black pumps. 
Gerwig graciously also signed several autographs for the fans waiting outside of the festival.
That evening, she took to the stage in a shimmering black dress and a diamond-studded silver choker before accepting the award.
She said to her presenters Margot Robbie and America Ferrera, 'I cannot believe we got to make this film and I pinch myself every day that I have brilliant collaborators like the two of you. I can't thank you enough.'
She added that collaboration was her, 'favorite part of filmmaking,' adding that filmmaking is, 'a collaborative art form.'
'It is an art that depends on and takes place between people. It takes place in the space between people. It is in the space that exists between us that we attempt to reach each other and make something magical,' she added.
'So, four years ago, in 2020, I presented this very award to Quentin Tarantino for Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, and I cannot believe and I am beyond honored that it is being given to me,' she said to applause.
'It took me a long time to say out loud that I wanted to be a director, but when I finally did say it, that I finally did say I wanted to direct, and I did it, it was like getting to fall in love with movies all over again,' she said.
Gerwig graciously also signed several autographs for the fans waiting outside of the festival
That evening, she took to the stage in a shimmering black dress and a diamond-studded silver choker before accepting the award.
She said to her presenters Margot Robbie and America Ferrera, 'I cannot believe we got to make this film and I pinch myself every day that I have brilliant collaborators like the two of you. I can't thank you enough'
She added that collaboration was her, 'favorite part of filmmaking,' adding that filmmaking is, 'a collaborative art form'
'It is an art that depends on and takes place between people. It takes place in the space between people. It is in the space that exists between us that we attempt to reach each other and make something magical,' she added
Gerwig added that her parents told her that the first movie they took her to as a child was a re-release of the 1984 film The Muppets Take Manhattan, which had a profound effect on her
Vanguard Award:  Killers Of The Flower Moon
 Desert Palm Achievement Award: Emma Stone - Poor Things
Emma Stone took one of the most coveted honors - Desert Palm Achievement Award- for her work in Poor Things
 Desert Palm Achievement Award: Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer
 Breakthrough Performance Award: Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers
 Director of the Year Award: Greta Gerwig - Barbie
Career Achievement Award: Jeffrey Wright - American Fiction
 International Star Award: Carey Mulligan - Maestro
Spotlight Award: Colman Domingo - Rustin
Spotlight Award: Danielle Brooks - The Color Purple
Danielle Brooks was recognized as she was given the Spotlight Award for her mesmerizing performance in The Color Purple
Chairman's Award: Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell - Barbie
Icon Award: Paul Giammati - The Holdovers 
Gerwig added that her parents told her that the first movie they took her to as a child was a re-release of the 1984 film The Muppets Take Manhattan, which had a profound effect on her. 
'When the credits rolled, they realized I wasn’t in my seat; I had run to the front of the theater and I literally tried to get into the screen, and I feel like I’ve been doing a version of that for my entire life,' she said.
'I’ve acted, I’ve written and produced, I’ve held booms and cameras and bounce boards and thrifted for costumes and done my hair and makeup, but nothing has given me a greater thrill or a greater satisfaction or a greater terror or a greater euphoria than directing,' she admitted.  
'It is the way that I can live inside of the film for the maximum amount of time, to be with it through every moment, from the blank page to the "it's almost not happening" to the unexpected gift of the light changing or how an actor understands a scene in a brilliant new way, through the brutal previews to finally giving it to the audience,' she said.
Gerwig will next take on her biggest production to date, an adaptation of The Chronicles of Narnia for Netflix. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group