By JOSH BOSWELL FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:43, 1 August 2024   |  Updated:  20:59, 1 August 2024   
 122
View  comments
The mogul heading up the Los Angeles Summer Olympics is a serial cheater who 'has had a chronic condition of sleeping with people who work for him,' DailyMail.com has learned.
Casey Wasserman 'love bombed' potential conquests, showered them with Louboutin shoes, La Perla lingerie, handbags, and even Range Rovers – but when his interest waned he callously dropped them like a hot potato, sources claimed.
'When he dumped me I was in shock and disbelief that he could go from 100 to zero in just hours,' one ex-mistress said.
'I truly think he underestimates the pain and long-term damage he causes women like me who believed him.'
The fabulously wealthy Wasserman, 50, is the chairman of the LA 2028 Olympic committee. He is also the man behind such music greats as Coldplay and Ed Sheeran - and brought Billie Eilish into his roster by acquiring music agency Paradigm in 2021.
VIP guests to his 600-person 50th birthday bash in Santa Monica on June 28 included former president Bill Clinton, ex-House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, California Governor Gavin Newsom and Vice President Kamala Harris's husband Doug Emhoff. Rockers Imagine Dragons were the main act.
Eleven sources – including some of his mistresses – provided information to DailyMail.com about his alleged womanizing over the years. 
Casey Wasserman has been in a public relationship with his mistress-turned-girlfriend, former flight attendant Jenny Chandler, 43, since at least May 2023, amid his divorce. They are pictured together at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party in March this year 
The fabulously wealthy Wasserman, 50, is the chairman of the LA 2028 Olympic committee
They all asked to remain anonymous for fear of social or legal consequences for speaking out about his infidelity.
Wasserman – who is separated from wife Laura Ziffren – began cheating on her with his assistant five years into his marriage in 2006, despite having a newborn baby, sources claim.
He is accused of following that affair with a string of other romantic relationships with his employees – including his secretary Patricia Feau who now works in a $350,000 salary job on the LA28 Olympic nonprofit, his former private jet flight attendant Jenny Chandler, who is his current girlfriend, and another flight attendant whose clients include the Playboy publisher.
Feau denied the affair when contacted by DailyMail.com. Wasserman's spokeswoman declined to comment.
Close associates claimed Wasserman spends 'millions' on Secret Service-style security which acts as a fleet of chauffeurs for Chandler.
Olympic nonprofit accounts show a $1million bill from a top security company, approved by the LA28 oversight committee. 
A source close to Wasserman denied that his security services chauffeured Chandler, and said that Wasserman supplemented the private protection with his own cash.
Friends, former colleagues, and close associates described how he lavished his mistresses with the expensive gifts and took them for trysts in the Beverly Hills Hotel.
Chandler even confessed to friends that during their affair she secretly had sex with Wasserman on his private jet on which she worked while Ziffren was in the back of the plane. 
Wasserman began dating his wife Laura Ziffren (pictured) 60, when he was around 21 and married her in 2001. But sources described a near-pathological pursuit of other women around him throughout his two-decade marriage – which ended in a divorce filing in late 2021
The couple welcomed their son Emmet in 2003 and daughter Stella in 2005
Late one night in March 2021 Chandler wrote an email to Wasserman's then-wife, confessing to their affair
The handsome and charming businessman was born into Hollywood royalty, largely raised by his grandfather, renowned entertainment executive Lew Wasserman, from whom he received a trust fund worth well over $100million.
From a young age, Wasserman used the money and elite Hollywood contacts to build the Wasserman Media Group, that is now one of the leading firms in the entertainment industry.
He began dating Ziffren, 60, when he was around 21 and married her in 2001. She gave birth to their son Emmet in 2003 and daughter Stella in 2005.
But sources who worked closely with him described a near-pathological pursuit of other women around him that continued throughout his two-decade marriage – which ended in a divorce filing in late 2021.
One of the women who admits an affair with him told DailyMail.com that Wasserman told her he loved her, showered her with gifts including a Range Rover, shoes, and bags, made promises to leave his wife, then dumped her soon afterwards.
'I was young. You don't know your worth. You don't know who you are or what the f*** you're doing. You're scared, you're also enamored. It was a sh**ty time,' said the alleged ex-mistress, who asked to remain anonymous.
'It's a bit of a pattern. He zeroes in on women. He usually has a few going at a time,' another person with intimate knowledge of Wasserman's affairs told DailyMail.com.
'He does this whole love bombing thing. It becomes this sexting, cyber affair. He makes them feel they're the only one and he'll leave his wife.
'There was nobody in town who didn't know,' said another former friend.
Six sources said he had an affair with one of his assistants in 2005 to 2006, when his daughter Stella was just a few months old.
According to sources, Wasserman also had a fling with Tammi McDermott, 56, (pictured) a flight attendant who works on corporate jets. The affair allegedly began before his romance with Chandler
He is also accused of previously having an affair with his secretary Patricia Feau (left) who now works in a $350,000 salary job on the LA28 Olympic nonprofit. They are pictured together during 2018 Olympic Winter Games in PyeongChang
One source said that Feau's (left) alleged affair with Wasserman (right) began while she was in his office, and became an open secret at LA28
Sources familiar with the relationship said the assistant was going through a breakup in 2005 when Wasserman started giving her personal advice, then made a romantic move one evening.
'She was having a bad day. He called her in the office to give her a hug. From there it escalated,' one former employee said.
'They'd go on long lunches where they disappeared for hours. They were overtly flirty. She was flying on his plane with him.'
Sources said Wasserman convinced her to quit her job, promising to fund her life while she traveled with him. Instead, he ended the relationship soon after she left his firm.
'She was let go. He dumped her very soon after,' one source said.
Ziffren found out about the alleged affair, and he temporarily moved out and stayed at the Beverly Hills Hotel for more than a month.
'Every single person in the office had suspicions about that relationship,' one former Wasserman staffer said. 'They came out with it. He was going to leave his wife.'
Another former colleague said Wasserman nixed the relationship and returned home because he thought he might lose access to his children.
'Laura followed them and found out about it, and threatened to take the kids away,' the ex-colleague said.
'About a month afterwards he just unceremoniously dumped [the assistant] and went back home.'
Ziffren declined to comment when approached by DailyMail.com.
Five sources said Wasserman continued affairs with other assistants after the first alleged mistress left the firm in 2006.
Sources said he secretly dated one of his HR staffers, Kristen Merrill, from 2006 to 2008. Merrill did not respond to requests for comment.
Jenny Chandler, Casey Wasserman, Kris Jenner and Corey Gamble attend the 2024 Vanity Fair Oscar Party 
The couple were seen rubbing elbows with celebrities and politicians, including former Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and her husband Paul 
Sources said Wasserman would lavish his mistresses with gifts that left telltale signs of their clandestine relationships.
'The high heels, the crazy expensive shoes and purses, and the little outfits at work. That's when you knew they were f***ing,' said one source.
'And he always buys the girls Range Rovers.
'He's got a thing about shoes and cars.'
'He's super lavish with gifts,' said another source. 'Part of how Laura would find out about affairs is she'd see women with her same handbag, her same clothes, the same car, because he would just buy the same stuff for everybody.'
Wasserman allegedly would also regularly take his mistresses on his private jet, a Gulfstream G550.
His longest-running affair began on the jet, sources claimed.
The entertainment mogul has been in a public relationship with his current girlfriend, Jenny Chandler, 43, since at least May 2023, when he took her to the ultra-exclusive Met Gala.
She appeared on his arm at the Golden Globes and the Met Gala in 2024 too.
But sources said their romance began as early as a decade ago, while she worked as a flight attendant on his plane.
Her LinkedIn page describes her as a 'private cabin attendant' for Avjet Corporation since 2009.
Chandler appeared on Wasserman's arm at the Golden Globes and the Met Gala in 2024 
Chandler would eventually quit her job as a flight attendant in 2019 to go full time as an artist, according to her Facebook posts
The media mogul rang in his 50th birthday with a 600-person bash in Santa Monica on June 28
Her earlier social media posts show her sharing 'nacho fries and cheap margaritas' with friends and visiting an Irish bar in her Birmingham, Alabama, hometown for a high school reunion.
But after meeting Wasserman her life became substantially more glamorous and high-flying.
Her more recent Instagram posts show trips to Paris and Mexico with her friends, including a hired stylist, and extravagant parties funded by her boyfriend.
Chandler quit her job as a flight attendant in 2019 to go full time as an artist, according to her Facebook posts. She has since had features written about her work in Vogue and LA Magazine.
Two sources said Wasserman had a fling with another flight attendant, Tammi McDermott.
McDermott, 56, works on corporate jets – including a previous stint for Playboy publishing company PLBY Group, Inc, according to her LinkedIn page.
The sources, who had intimate knowledge of the alleged affair, said it began before he met Chandler in the 2010s, that it was 'casual', and that the two 'were together a handful of times'.
Wasserman has been tied to late billionaire pedophile Jeffrey Epstein and his infamous 'Lolita Express' private plane.
Flight logs from Epstein's jet, which the financier allegedly used to traffic underage women for sex, show the Wassermans flew with him, Clinton, Kevin Spacey, and Chris Tucker to Africa for an HIV charity event in 2002.
VIP guests included former president Bill Clinton (pictured) ex-House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, and California Governor Gavin Newsom, while rockers Imagine Dragons were the main act
Footage from the lavish party showed a glammed-out Chandler posing with guests and giving a speech on stage later in the night
Outside the venue, guests were seen arriving dressed to the nines and walking the red carpet 
DailyMail.com obtained an undated photograph of Wasserman in front of a plane with Epstein and his girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell, who is currently serving 20 years in prison for sex trafficking children.
There is no suggestion Wasserman took part in any of Epstein's or Maxwell's crimes, and the Africa trip took place before the criminal investigation into their sex trafficking began.
But Wasserman's links to Epstein's circle continued even after allegations emerged of the financier's sex abuse of children.
After New York federal prosecutors reopened their investigation into Epstein in 2019, Maxwell took part in a charity car rally which Wasserman's wife helped organize.
Ziffren sits on the board of Cash & Rocket, which organized a rally for women including Paris Hilton and Topshop heiress Chloe Green to drive a caravan of luxury cars from London to Monte Carlo in June 2019, where they then held a masked ball.
Maxwell's participation in the annual rally was her last public appearance before she went into hiding. She was eventually arrested in July 2020.
As well as helping organize the event, Ziffren also drove in that year's cross-Europe rally.
DailyMail.com obtained an undated photograph of Wasserman in front of a plane with Epstein and his girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell, who is currently serving 20 years in prison for sex trafficking children
United States Ambassador to the Republic of India and former Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti (left) and Wasserman are seen during a press event in Mumbai in October 2023
When Vanity Fair reported Maxwell took part in the Cash & Rocket event, the organization scrubbed her photos from its website and said she had been invited by one of the drivers, not the rally itself.
Four sources told DailyMail.com that it was Wasserman's alleged long-running affair with his former flight attendant Chandler that was the final straw for his marriage.
Two sources said that Ziffren found out about the relationship in 2018, kicked him out of the house, but took him back after he promised to quit Chandler and change his ways.
They finally split around 2021 when Ziffren discovered he had continued to see the flight attendant-turned-artist, the sources claimed.
Late one night in March 2021 Chandler wrote an email to Wasserman's then-wife, confessing to their affair.
'Him and I have been together for 7 years which he's lied to you about,' the email said. 'He f***ed me in your bed at Redford. And also robin. And also Cancun in the house. You should know all he's done to you. Multiple ti[m]es on the plane with you in the back.'
The email was later shared widely among the Wassermans' friends and associates, some of whom gave it to DailyMail.com.
In the message, Chandler also accused her lover of other relationships during the marriage – including with an assistant who later got a job on the LA28 Olympic committee.
'He f***ed Christine multiple times. And have relationship w[i]th Patricia who still works for multiple times for years,' the alleged mistress wrote.
She was referring to Patricia Feau, Wasserman's 52-year-old former executive assistant at Wasserman Media Group, who is married with two children.
One source said that her alleged affair with Wasserman began while she was in his office, and became an open secret at LA28.
Chandler had worked as a flight attendant on Wasserman's plane, but her life became substantially more glamorous and high-flying after their romance began. They are pictured together at The Prelude To The Olympics in Paris on July 25
His now estranged wife Laura Ziffren currently sits on the board of Cash & Rocket, a charity dedicated to helping support women and children
'Everybody knew about it. People at the Olympics know about it. It's not a big secret,' the source said.
'He started seeing Jenny more frequently. I know he and Patricia had a terrible falling out. Her heart was broken. She took off work for several weeks to recover. She came back, moved out of her office and moved to the Olympics – less close to Casey. It ended before Covid.'
'It is not true. I did not have an affair with Casey Wasserman,' Feau told DailyMail.com.
She added that she moved from her role as Chief of Staff for Wasserman to the LA28 Olympic committee after helping work on the city's bid for years.
'I worked for the domestic bid phase back in 2014-15. And then I worked for the international bid phase for LA24. So I've been on this journey for over 10 years,' she said.
'My reasoning to make the jump was because I am from Los Angeles, born and raised, I was here during the '84 Olympics as a little girl. The Casey Wassermans and [former LA Mayor] Eric Garcettis of the world had a much different experience in the '84 games than I did as a little girl growing up in the neighborhood that I grew up in.
'So for me, it was important to jump over and make sure that we have a real presence in communities that are normally not as impacted by the Olympic Games.
'It wasn't because he moved me over there to quiet me down or any of the nonsense I've heard.'
Feau appeared in 2019 IRS filings for the LA28 nonprofit, listed as 'Vice President Special Project Subst. [Sustainability and] Legacy' with a salary of $203,661.
The latest filings from 2022 say she was paid $350,017, including a base salary of $243,631, with the job title 'VP Host City Relations & Assistant Secretary'.
Top earners on the 2022 filings include chief business officer Brian Lafemina with total pay of $3,373,019, CEO Kathryn Carter with $2,137,736 and chief legal officer Tanja Olano with $693,970.
Wasserman is not paid for his role in LA28.
The 2022 filings also show a $1,065,945 bill from a high-end security company used by Amazon owner Jeff Bezos: Gavin de Becker & Associates.
The handsome and charming businessman was largely raised by his grandfather, renowned entertainment executive Lew Wasserman, from whom he received a more than $100M trust fund he later used to build the Wasserman Media Group which is now one of the leading firms in the entertainment industry
Four sources told DailyMail.com that Wasserman has hired private security to provide elite bodyguard and chauffeur services to himself, Chandler, and his children resembling a Secret Service detail.
'He now has this SUV with bulletproof glass,' one source said. 'Everywhere he goes there's two security people and a driver. Does he need all that security? I don't think so.'
A source close to Wasserman said that the private security team were hired in response to threats against the music mogul, and that any expenses charged to LA28 are regularly reviewed by an oversight committee for the nonprofit.
The source added that Wasserman pays 'millions' of his own money for any extra security needs beyond those approved by the LA28 nonprofit.
Despite his alleged infidelity, multiple sources said Wasserman cared deeply about his children, and commended his work bringing the Olympics to LA.
'While I know he wasn't a faithful husband, I also believed he loved Laura a lot,' said one family friend.
'He is a completely devoted dad. He loves his kids deeply and profoundly. He puts a lot of time into his family.
'I think he really cares about his community. I think he's involved in the Olympics, not for fame, but because he cares.
'But he was a s**t husband. He's complicated.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group