Manage your account
After a police chase that started in Iowa and ended in a Missouri car crash that claimed the lives of two Kearney teens, their families are preparing to bury them.
Lucy Yeates and Kole Cunningham, 18, were killed Nov. 17 when a Nebraska driver fleeing Iowa police hit their car head-on while driving the wrong way in the northbound lanes of Interstate 29.
A celebration of life for Kole Cunningham will be held Nov. 26 from 4 to 7 at Knights of Columbus Hall, at 705 North Jefferson St. in Kearney. Members of the public are invited to attend; however, the service is closed to cameras and to the media.
Memorial services for Lucy Yeates will be held on Dec. 7 at 11 a.m. at Pleasant Valley Baptist Church in Liberty. The services are also open to the public but closed to cameras and the media.
Lucy’s twin sister Aubrey Yeates survived the crash and is being treated for severe injuries at a Nebraska hospital. The three friends were on their way to a Billie Eilish concert at the time of the crash, which happened around 7:20 a.m. in Atchison County, near the Missouri-Iowa border.
The Nebraska man also died in the crash, while his 1-year-old son survived. The Fremont County (Iowa) Sheriff’s Office has said the chase did not violate the agency’s pursuit policy when it crossed state lines, even as some officers joined the suspect in driving southbound in northbound lanes.
Aubrey, Lucy and Kole all graduated from Kearney High School last year. At the time of his death, Kole was a first-semester student at Maple Woods Community college, where he hoped to study botany, according to an obituary shared online.
Kole’s parents Tim and Shannon Cunningham wrote that Kole “illuminated his life with unconditional love and support to all those around him.” Kole was artistic and passionate about music, according to the obituary, taking an active role in fan communities online supporting Billie Eilish and Adele.
Kole is survived by his identical twin brother Kamp, for whose college education Tim and Shannon are collecting donations in honor of Kole’s memory.
Lucy was also a first-year college student, the Yeates family previously shared, with an interest in studying business and leadership.
“This incredibly senseless and tragic event has left our families with a hole that will never be filled,” Lucy’s parents Sam and Mandy Yeates previously shared.
A GoFundMe fundraiser supporting Aubrey’s recovery has raised over $25,000 as of Monday night. A Meal Train fundraiser supporting the Cunningham family raised more than $15,500 by Monday night.
Previous reporting by Kendrick Calfee contributed to this article.