Get ready for Housewives on ice. 
Teresa Guidice appeared on “Watch What Happens Live” in a booty-baring purple Mugler two-piece look Sunday night — and while many a Bravolebrity has worn a similar style over the years, fans couldn’t help but compare her look to a figure skating costume. 
The “Real Housewives of New Jersey” star, 52, looked ready to hit the ice in her figure-hugging bodysuit ($570 $285) and matching leggings ($665 $286), which featured sheer panels that revealed plenty of leg and part of her backside. 
The purple style featured an off-the-shoulder neckline accented with a choker-like collar, and she accented the look with shiny silver pumps. 
Giudice — who famously sported a sky-high hairstyle for her 2022 wedding to Luis Ruelas— pumped up the volume once again, wearing her long brunette hair in a curly teased style. 
She also coordinated with fellow “WWHL” guest Joel Kim Booster, who wore an acid-washed Canadian tuxedo with a purple tye-dyed crop top.
Giudice shared a Reel with Booster as they lip-synced to a classic audio clip of her daughter, Gia, singing happy birthday to her then-five-year old daughter Melania, and fans didn’t hold back on their opinions about this “RHONJ” star’s look.
“What in the Blades of Glory is this?” one fan joked, referring to the Will Ferrell comedy during which Jon Heder sports a similar lavender figure skating costume.
“When you’ve got WWHL @ 9 & an ice skating competition @ 10” another quipped. 
Others couldn’t help but mention the catsuit’s tight fit, like one Instagram user who commented, “There is a camel in Dubai that’s missing its toe.”
Giudice isn’t the first “Real Housewives” star to wear a version of the leotard-like Mugler ensemble, with one fan noting, “I just have to know, is every Housewives franchise contractually obliged to wear a knock-off Mugler body suit? Cause at this point it’s out of control lol.” 
Indeed, everyone from Lisa Hochstein — who wore a neon green iteration of the style in 2022 — to Larsa Pippen, who rocked a blue-and-black version, has stepped out in one of the designer’s skin-tight looks.
Even more controversial than Tre’s outfit were her comments on the Andy Cohen talkshow, including revealing she recently texted rumored frenemy Dina Manzo.  
A-listers including Dua Lipa, Bella Hadid, Billie Eilish, Miley Cyrus, Beyoncé, Irina Shayk and more have all worn versions of the design, which was first released in 2019.
As for whether Teresa straps on her skates, watch this space. 
Advertisement