It is hard to overstate just what Karl-Anthony Towns meant and continues to mean to the Minnesota Timberwolves fanbase. Not a lot of players over the decades have taken a significant amount of pride in suiting up for this organization. But KAT ate, slept, and breathed Minnesota Timberwolves basketball. 
From day one, Towns made it clear that he intended to bring a championship to Minnesota. He was fully committed to his goal, even tweeting in 2019 that "Minny deserves better," and "I plan to give it to them." KAT routinely had Wolves fans ready to run through a wall with statements like this one. 
Towns embodied what being a franchise player is all about. He could have easily asked for a trade years ago and taken his talents to a bigger market, but he never showed any desire to do so. With all this in mind, it makes sense why losing him to the Knicks via trade a few weeks ago was a pretty traumatizing event for long-time, die-hard fans in Minnesota. 
The fanbase will likely take some time before they feel fully over losing KAT. In the meantime, Towns is showing Timberwolves fans that he shares the same feelings they have for him. On Thursday, a video surfaced of KAT attending a Billie Eilish concert with his girlfriend in New York. With the concert actively going on, Towns is looking down at his phone, where he is keeping up with the Timberwolves' preseason game against the Chicago Bulls. 
KAT was locked in on T-Wolves preseason game during Billie Eilish concert at MSG 🥲💙(via @jordynwoods) pic.twitter.com/OgA9hYDpGU
Clearly, KAT has not stopped loving the team that he spent nine years of his life representing. He can not force himself to look away, even with an exciting show going on just a few feet away. This is certain to warm the hearts of Wolves fans everywhere, and maybe even get a few tears going. 
Some fans even made humorous comments about the video, saying Towns is just like the Timberwolves' fanbase in that he can not stop watching Minnesota play even while out at another event in public. A big connection remains between the Wolves' former franchise player and the fanbase, and it is not one that is likely to dissapate any time soon. 
While some will move on and lose interest in cheering for KAT, it feels like the majority of the Timberwolves' fanbase will continue to root for him, even if from a distance (or silently). Few players in this generation were as loyal to an organization as Towns, and that will continue to be shown in how he and the fans relate to each other even following his departure. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.