Living large and living life, Hollywood style. We’re rounding up the latest in celeb lifestyle news with POP TALK! Welcome to the celebrity life!
H O M E S
Hilary Swank Lists NYC Pad
Hilary Swank is letting go of her glitzy New York City pad. The Oscar-winning actress has listed the posh apartment for $6,685,000. She bought the 1,441-sq ft, 2-br 2-bath condo in 2010 for $3,640,243.
R E L A T I O N S H I P S 
DIVORCED: Ali Wong & Justin Hakuta
Ali Wong is officially divorced. The 42-year-old Emmy-Winning actress and comedian and her ex-husband Justin Hakuta have finalized their divorce, five moths after she filed. The couple have been separated for over two years. 
EXPECTING: Colton Underwood & Jordan C. Brown
Colton Underwood is going to be a dad! The 32-year-old Bachelor alum is expecting his first child via surrogate with his husband Jordan C. Brown. Colton revealed the happy news in a new interview with Men’s Health. 
CONFIRMED: Jason Momoa & Adria Arjona
Jason Momoa and Adria Arjona are all coupled up. The 44-year-old Aquaman star confirmed his romance with the 32-year-old Hit Man actress on social media, sharing photos of them and referring to her as ‘mi amor.’
M U S I C
S O C I A L S 
S P O T T E D
By: Michelle |
May 24, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, Extra Stories, FASHION, Featured Post, GOSSIP, LIFESTYLE, MOVIES, MUSIC, TV  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!