Manage your account
Michael Stipe and Jason Isbell joined forces to perform a pair of R.E.M. classics during a Pennsylvania campaign event supporting Kamala Harris and Tim Walz.
On Friday (Oct. 4), the singer-songwriters took the stage during a Get Out the Vote concert at Pittsburgh’s Schenley Plaza, where Stipe sang R.E.M.’s “The One I Love” and “Driver 8,” which he hadn’t performed live since 2008. The former was the iconic rock band’s first top 10 hit, reaching No. 9 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1987.
More from Billboard
Coldplay Drop Deluxe Version of 'Moon Music' Featuring Three New Songs
Sean 'Diddy' Combs' Mother Defends Him Amid Sex Crime Allegations: 'Not the Monster They Have Painted Him to Be'
Sabrina Carpenter Comments on Taylor Swift's Influence: 'She's So Composed, She's Graceful, She's Gracious'
The singer-songwriters also teamed up for a handful of songs from Isbell’s catalog, including “Traveling Alone” and “Hope the High Road.”
During the event, Stipe and Isbell were introduced by potential future First Gentleman Doug Emhoff, who is married to Vice President Harris. Emhoff was present to help rally voters in the battleground state for this year’s Democratic presidential ticket.
“It’s been a while since I’ve sung these songs, 16 years in fact, but I’m really happy to be here with Jason and with the soon-to-be First Gentleman ever of the United States of America,” Stipe told the crowd.
Stipe and Isbell have been vocal in their support for the VP this year, with the “Cover Me Up” singer performing at the Democratic National Convention in August. Stevie Wonder, John Legend, The Chicks, Mickey Guyton and P!nk also took the stage at the Chicago political gathering, while numerous celebrity musicians — including Ariana Grande, Megan Thee Stallion, Taylor Swift, Billie Eilish, Lizzo and Cardi B — have all endorsed Harris for president in 2024.
The Get Out the Vote concert arrived on the heels of the Oct. 1 vice presidential debate between Walz and Donald Trump’s running mate, JD Vance, which took place a few weeks after the Sept. 10 presidential debate between Harris and the former POTUS.
Both campaigns are now working to sway the minds of American voters as Election Day on Nov. 5 approaches, particularly the nation’s swing states of Arizona, Georgia, Michigan, Nevada, North Carolina, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.
Watch Stipe and Isbell’s performances of “The One I Love” and “Driver 8” here.
Best of Billboard
Chart Rewind: In 1989, New Kids on the Block Were 'Hangin' Tough' at No. 1
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Sign up for Billboard's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.