A couple of weeks ago, something unusual happened to the top 10 songs on the Billboard Hot 100, which tracks music consumption habits across streaming services, digital and analog music stores, and radio playlists. The upper echelon of America’s premier cross-genre song consumption chart, where popular-music kingmakers rub elbows with artists from any other spot on the musical spectrum, experienced a near-total turnover.
Individual tracks from Compton MC Kendrick Lamar’s surprise-release “GNX” debuted in seven slots (including the top spot, which was taken by the jittery, confrontational “Squabble Up”), while Mariah Carey’s holiday perennial “All I Want for Christmas Is You” landed at No. 10. (It’s since risen to No. 1, as has become customary this time of year.) The top 10’s other two slots were taken by Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” a neat fusion of modern country and ’00s party rap from an up-and-coming Virginia singer that has so far enjoyed a 17-week run at No. 1, and Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars’ “Die With a Smile,” a blockbuster power ballad featuring two of pop’s brightest stars.
Both those tracks have had staying power, with good reason. Shaboozey’s resonant twang and overflowing charm helped make “A Bar Song” one of those pop confections that immediately felt familiar, as did its borrowing of the drawled hook from St. Louis MC J-Kwon’s mid-‘00s hit “Tipsy.” Mars and Gaga’s combined vocal power made “Die With a Smile” transcend the sum of its parts, and reminded listeners that both these singers’ dominance in the 2010s was fueled by their ability to sing the phone book, no matter what type of accompaniment they’d been given.
Still, the changeover earlier this month felt welcome after a summer and fall where pop felt a bit static, with no new songs entering the top 10 for more than a month between July 20 and Aug. 31, and again between Sept. 7 and Oct. 12. Three tracks aside from “A Bar Song” remained in the top 10 for more than 26 weeks, or half a year: singer-songwriter Benson Boone’s electrified howl “Beautiful Things,” pop flirt Sabrina Carpenter’s frothily nonsensical come-on “Espresso,” and erstwhile white rapper Post Malone’s Morgan Wallen-assisted country flag-plant “I Had Some Help.” Lamar’s party-ready dressing-down of Drake, “Not Like Us,” and bedroom-pop savant Billie Eilish’s glossy, wounded “Birds of a Feather” both came out in May, relatively late in the game, but managed to rack up 21-week and 20-week stints in the top 10, respectively.
Advertisement
This isn’t meant to dismiss any of these songs, of course. “Birds of a Feather” is a gorgeous synthpop cut that contains one of the best vocal performances of Eilish’s short but storied career; “Not Like Us” is acidic enough to power a thousand batteries, and its DJ Mustard-supplied beat only adds to its energy reserves.
But pop felt much more dynamic earlier this year. Chappell Roan’s rise from label castoff to festival attraction was genuinely heartening to watch; her songs, including the anti-heteronormativity kiss-off “Good Luck, Babe!,” are fearlessly hooky, while her live performances burst with creativity and vigor. Tommy Richman’s “Million Dollar Baby” was a dime-store funk boast with a homespun feel and submerged-underwater backing vocals, an ideal cut to toast oneself on the cusp of summer. Even the chart-blanketing debut of songs from Taylor Swift’s seething magnum opus “The Tortured Poets Department” in April offered up a breath of fresh air.
Advertisement
It’s tempting to blame this stasis on any number of factors. There’s the way that charts of currently popular songs like Billboard’s remain a key method of discovery for listeners, creating an endlessly recursive loop. Or you can point to the decline of music radio, which, in Boston, was recently illustrated by Bloomberg Radio taking over the FM-dial frequency of the former Rock 92.9, switching the station from its admittedly tight rock playlists, which still helped encourage ambient exposure to newer tracks, to a music-free news station. But even the always-on news cycle can affect listener interest in new music, especially in an election year, and the more static era in pop charts corresponds roughly with the news cycle kicking into high gear as Kamala Harris rose to the top of the Democratic presidential ticket in July.
The relative stasis at pop’s top is likely masking lower levels that are just too crowded with appealing songs for much consensus to form — indeed, while all the songs named above might be considered hits, the amount of people who can’t win a game of “Name That Tune” featuring each of them is probably higher than those who can. (This is also why the Grammys have the toughest nut to crack of all the major American awards.) On Billboard’s chart of TikTok hits, which the industry pub launched last year, viral sensations like “Stranger Things” actor Djo’s gauzy “End of Beginning,” British producer Artemas’s grimy “I Like the Way You Kiss Me,” country upstart Dasha’s brooding “Austin,” and up-and-coming R&B singer Laila’s dreamy “Like That” displayed the desires of pop listeners’ collective id, which also craved older tracks like Bobby Caldwell’s pillowy “What You Won’t Do for Love” and Sade’s plush “Kiss of Life.”
Advertisement
Since streaming established itself as a digital-era solution for distributing music in the early ’10s, individual tastes have grown ever more fragmented, even as the charts’ upper reaches have seemed static. (It’s worth noting, too, that people who buy physical music are further away from the surveillance of everyday listening that streaming consumers live under; Swift’s “The Tortured Poets Department” is No. 1 on Billboard’s most recent albums chart, but she has no songs in the Hot 100 at the moment.) In my own universe, singles like English singer Jade Thirlwall’s shape-shifting thrill ride “Angel of My Dreams,” Kesha’s wild comeback “Joyride,” and British troublemakers Lambrini Girls’ “Company Culture” all felt as big as “Million Dollar Baby” and “Not Like Us.”
While digital music’s currency has been the individual track since Napster’s wild days, this year was also full of albums that rewarded long-form listening. The British post-agit-punk outfit English Teacher’s debut full-length, “This Could Be Texas,” was a master class in crafting tension; Willow Smith’s latest album, “empathogen,” allowed the prolific 24-year-old, who’d already shown her ability to create abstract bedroom pop and thrash atop guitars, to reveal her vocal-jazz acumen; the Florida-born MC Doechii showed off her storytelling acumen and nimble rapping on “Alligator Bites Never Heal.” And stalwarts like Pet Shop Boys, The Cure, Miranda Lambert, and Kacey Musgraves — as well as Kims Deal and Gordon — kept on releasing fantastic records as well.
Advertisement
When the calendar flips to 2025, the singles charts will inevitably have another changeover as holiday music goes back into hibernation and listeners retrieve their post-break bearings. Whether or not the songs that ruled 2024 will reassert themselves near the chart’s summit remains to be seen, but if there’s one sure thing about popular music over the last 15 years, it’s that sublime surprises and rewarding deeper dives are always a tantalizing possibility.
Top 10 list:
English Teacher, “This Could Be Texas”
Kendrick Lamar, “GNX”
Dawn Richard and Spencer Zahn, “Quiet In A World Full of Noise”
Beyoncé, “Cowboy Carter”
Lainey Wilson, “Whirlwind”
Zach Bryan, “The Great American Bar Scene”
Willow, “Empathogen”
Yard Act, “Where’s My Utopia?”
Nilufer Yanya, “My Method Actor”
The Black Crowes, “Happiness Bastards”
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information