ByRosa Escandon
ByRosa Escandon,
 Contributor. 
Miley Cyrus performs onstage during the 66th GRAMMY Awards on February 04, 2024 in Los Angeles, ... More California. (Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
If you watched this year’s Grammys in hopes of seeing someone EGOT, you might have been disappointed. None of the nominees were one statue away from EGOT status. However, a notable win got one singer closer, and with the Oscars on the horizon, it is an excellent time to check on the celebrities closest to EGOT-ing.
The EGOT is a collection of awards, namely the Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony. Very few celebrities have collected all four of these major awards. While the show 30 Rock popularized the idea of the EGOT, the term was coined by Miami Vice’s Philip Michael Thomas in 1984.
Past EGOT winners include Rita Moreno, Audrey Hepburn, Mel Brooks, Whoopi Goldberg, Andrew Lloyd Webber and Alan Menken. Notably, composer Robert Lopez is the only person to EGOT twice over. The last three years have seen a spike in the number of EGOTs. Of the 19 people who have achieved competitive EGOT status, three have done so since 2022: Jennifer Hudson in 2022, Viola Davis in 2023, and, most recently, Elton John in 2024.
At last night’s Grammys, among the big winners was Miley Cyrus. She won her first Grammys with awards for Record of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance for Flowers. She was one of multiple artists to receive their first Grammy at this year’s ceremony, along with Zach Bryan and Victoria Monét.
While the Grammy is the first of the awards Cyrus has received in an EGOT, her background in film and TV makes her a celebrity who might be in the running to complete all four. Cyrus started on the TV show Hannah Montana and has appeared in several films. This year, she is set to appear in the movie Drive-Away Dolls and has recently appeared in TV shows like Human Resources and Black Mirror. She has also written songs for films and even snagged a Golden Gold nomination for Best Original Song from “I Thought I Lost You” from the film Bolt. Cyrus may also be working on a new album with her godmother, Dolly Parton. While Parton has been nominated for all four of the EGOT awards over her career, she is only half way there with 11 Grammys and an Emmy for Outstanding Television Movie for Christmas on the Square.
Billie Eilish also took home Grammys for Song Of The Year and Best Song Written For Visual Media for “What Was I Made For?” Eilish has already won seven Grammys and is halfway there with an Oscar for Best Original Song for ‘No Time to Die’ and is nominated again this year for “What Was I Made For?”
Jon Batiste was also nominated last night and he too is close to the EGOT. The singer, multi-instrumentalist and composer is only missing a Tony. However, he has said he is not focused on awards.
While the Grammys didn’t produce an EGOT, there may be one this year. H.E.R. is one Tony away from the set. She has previously won an Oscar for Best Original Song for “Fight for You” from Judas and the Black Messiah. She also has an Emmy in Outstanding Short Form Program for “We The People” and five Grammys. She is currently one of the Producers of Here Lies Love, which will be eligible for this year’s Tony nominations which will be announced in April. If Here Lies Love is nominated for Best Musical, H.E.R. may become the youngest EGOT at 26 years old and the fastest person to EGOT, with her first award given in 2019.
While they will not EGOT this year, many celebrities are close. Lily Tomlin is only waiting on an Oscar. She is set to appear in the upcoming comedy The Road Home and is still acting.
Cynthia Nixon is also close and has returned to acting after being defeated in the 2018 New York Governor’s election. She also is only missing an Oscar. While she is mainly working on TV shows with starring roles in The Gilded Age and And Just Like That…, she is another star to watch. However, another Cynthia might be much closer. Cynthia Erivo also just needs an Oscar. She has already been nominated for Harriet in 2020. With several upcoming projects, including the two-part Wicked movie musical in which she stars as Elphaba, she may EGOT in 2025.
Other names to look out for who are missing an Oscar include Lin-Manuel Miranda, Audra McDonald, Hugh Jackman, Ben Platt and Billy Porter. Jackman’s upcoming role as Paul in Apostle Paul, Platt’s work on the Merrily We Roll Along Film and Porter’s upcoming James Baldwin biopic may get them the prestigious show business collection sooner rather than later.