Kate Hudson recently shared some throwback snaps which showed the actress in a skimpy two piece set as she posed in bed.
For the pictures, Kate frolicked around in white bed sheets wearing matching lace underwear as she posed with her hands in her hair and a massive smile on her face. The Bride Wars actress looked toned and tanned as she showed off her incredible figure for the photographer.
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Billie Eilish slips figure into thigh-grazing Barbie mini dress for Grammys gig
Later on in the shoot, Hudson switched to black lingerie to model for Stella McCartney’s intimates line. She wore minimal makeup and embraced her gorgeous natural beauty while her honey blonde locks cascaded in curls over her shoulders.
In the caption, Kate wrote: “Love this @marymccartney [red heart] Mary and I shot @stellamccartney lingerie years back and it was such a fun shoot! Haven’t seen these bed-in pics for sooo long! [tongue out emoji] Repost from @martmccartney - In celebration of @katehudson’s song release #talkaboutlove, I delved into my photo archive to find this photo shoot we did together in London x Mary [music notes emojis] Sound on to listen.”
A-lister Paris Hilton left the actress a heart-eyed emoji and three flames while someone else wrote: “I wish [that] more women were comfortable showing off their bodies. We’re so hung up in America. Self imposed jail bars.”
Another fan branded Hudson “gorgeous as f***” while someone else added: “She’s always been one of the most beautiful women [in] Hollywood in my opinion.” One eager fan even called Kate “amazing in every way”.
More comments read “really hot,” “perfect,” a “goddess” and “beautiful” while someone else simply said she looked “glamorous”. Hudson has recently moved away from film and is focussing on her music career with the release of her debut single.
Kate signed with Virgin Music Group and spoke to Stereoboard about her new venture. The actress explained: “You only have one first single and I wanted it to be something delicious and sexy and all the things I believe in.”
“I wanted it to be open and seeking, searching to find something powerful, but I also wanted the music to be the rock, the pop, the dance music and even a bit of the alternative records that I love.”
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.