Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Netflix featured an instrumental cover of Mr. Worldwide's "Give Me Everything" during season three's carriage sex scene, released last week. 

							By 

	Zoe G. Phillips


Pitbull reacted on Tuesday to his song’s feature in Bridgerton‘s carriage scene, which hit Netflix along with the first half of season three last week. 

	“This again shows the world how music is the international language that transcends over boundaries,” Mr. Worldwide wrote on Instagram beneath a clip of the scene. 



	Netflix’s Bridgerton has featured instrumental covers of hit pop songs since season one. Part 1 of season three included titles from BTS, Nick Jonas, Sia, Billie Eilish, Taylor Swift and more. In episode four, a cover of Pitbull’s “Give Me Everything” featuring Ne-Yo and Afrojack played during a carriage sex scene with stars Colin (Luke Newton) and Penelope (Nicola Coughlan). 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Box Office: 'Thunderbolts*' Storming to $73M-$77M Opening, Alec Baldwin's 'Rust' Flops in Cinemas		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					Jeremy Renner Claims Disney Only Offered "Half" His Salary for a 'Hawkeye' Season 2		
			







A post shared by Pitbull (@pitbull)

	Pitbull added in his post that the moment was an example of “how a hit song can remain timeliness,” and thanked Netflix for the chance to be included. 

	In the comments, Bridgerton‘s Instagram account assumed the voice of the show’s gossip columnist narrator, Lady Whistledown, writing, “This author would most certainly agree with Lord Worldwide… Music speaks when words cannot.” 

	Coughlan and Newton spoke to The Hollywood Reporter about the carriage scene last week, and said the show’s writers and fans made their job easy. 

	“I always say that scene for me has everything that makes Bridgerton magic,” Coughlan said, “because it has the romance, suspense, drama, the miscommunication and then the sexiness, and then the beautiful moments of humor.”

	Newton added, “I think the fans being along for the ride the whole time really makes it special, like a shared experience. The experience that [Nicola and I] shared together, but also they’ve experienced it.” 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.