Photo: Myles Hendrik
The Kills have announced a new EP.
The Anglo-American rock duo, Alison Mosshart and Jamie Hince, will drop 'Happier Girls Sessions' this Friday (September 20) via Domino Recordings. Recorded at Grammy-winning producer Paul Epworth’s Church Studios in London with engineer Riley McIntyre, it'll be available as a 7" as well as digitally.
The vinyl will feature an alt-rock interpretation of Billie Eilish's 2021 single Happier Than Ever, which showcases Mosshart's soulful vocals, while on the b-side there's an unplugged version of My Girls My Girls from The Kills' 2023 album 'God Games'. The digital edition will also include acoustic versions of three other 'God Games' tracks; 103, New York and Better Days. Mosshart commented:
"It’s all Sirius XM’s fault. We were asked to do an acoustic session with them last year and they’d asked for a cover as part of the session. I’d always really dug Happier Than Ever and found myself singing it around the house all the time. It seemed like a good choice, since I loved it and loved singing it. After that radio session hit the airwaves, Laurence Bell from Domino reached out to us enamoured with our acoustic version of the song and asked us to do an electric recording. Here we were in London, recording a non-electric EP and what’s the first song on it? An electric cover of the acoustic cover we did… and the more electricity the better. Thank you Billie for writing such a brilliant song!"
Having performed in North America, Europe and the UK this summer, the two-piece will play shows in Jackson, Mississippi and New Orleans in October, alongside slots at Mempho Music Festival in Memphis, the Billy Reid Shindig in Florence, Alabama, and Festival Hipnosis in Mexico City.
'Happier Girls Sessions' EP tracklist:
1. Happier Than Ever
2. 103 – Non-Electric
3. New York – Non-Electric
4. Better Days – Non-Electric
5. My Girls My Girls – Non-Electric
The Kills Upcoming Tour Dates are as follows
Compare & Buy The Kills Tickets at Stereoboard.com.
The Kills Tour Dates
10 upcoming shows