Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Molly-Mae Hague has revealed she has split from Tommy Fury after five years together.
The pair, who met on Love Island, got engaged last year and share daughter Bambi together. Announcing the news via Instagram, Molly-Mae didn't reveal the reason behind their parting - but did share that she never thought their relationship would end, 'especially not this way'.
"Never in a million years did I think I'd ever have to write this," Molly-Mae, 25, wrote to her 7.9 million followers. "After five years together I never thought our story would end, especially not this way. I am extremely upset to announce that mine and Tommy's relationship has come to an end.
"I will forever be grateful for the most important thing to me now and always, my beautiful daughter. Without us there would be no her, she will always be my priority.
"I want to thank you all for the love you have shown us over the last five years. You have all been a part of our journey and I feel it's right to share this with you all. Whilst I attempt to navigate the coming days and weeks, please kindly respect my privacy over this difficult time. I'll be back when it feels right. Molly-Mae x"
Molly's post was signed off only be herself, rather than a joint statement. Almost an hour afterwards, Tommy, also 25, then took to his Instagram account to write: "I am heartbroken to share that Molly & I have decided to end our relationship. The past 5 years have led to us having our beautiful baby girl, Bambi & I will be forever thankful to Molly for making me a dad.
"Bambi is our priority. Please respect our privacy, and our families privacy, as we navigate our way through this difficult time".
The split shockingly comes after Molly-Mae said she was 'so proud' of boxer Tommy earlier this week as he worked on his audiobook. Opening up in a candid chat with her fans, the influencer explained that she was supporting him but also finding it tough 'solo parenting' their daughter Bambi while he spent time away for work.
She shared: "He's done it now, and I'm so proud of him, because I know that was a really big deal to him, but I have been solo parenting pretty much the entire week. Actually I've been solo parenting for like, two weeks now, basically because Tommy's just been so busy."
Yet, when he does have time away from work, Molly-Mae praised Tommy's parenting prowess. "When he's home from doing work and stuff, he's so incredible and so helpful. I can't say any different, like, he's such an incredible dad, but I have been this week, like, just really... mum life has been mum lifeing."
She added: "I feel like we're going through a little bit of a challenging phase".
Molly-Mae and Tommy have also been sharing gushing posts to social media over recent months, sparking no inkling of a split prior to the announcement. 
Just three weeks ago, Molly-Mae celebrated the one-year anniversary of their engagement - sharing a clip from the moment Tommy popped the question. Alongside it, she wrote: "One year ago today I was tricked into going on a fake brand trip on which the love of my life would ask me to marry him," while Billie Eilish's lyrics 'I'll love you 'til the day that I die' played over the clip.
While Tommy shared a picture with Molly-Mae and Bambi last month, writing: "My everything in a photo." While five weeks before the split, he commented 'Forever and ever amen,' one one of Molly-Mae's posts with him in it.