Netflix streamers are losing their minds over one of the platform's most popular series.
“Shameless is really…shameless! I mean these people, oh my goodness, the nerve,” wrote one member of the Netflix Bangers group on Facebook as others rushed to share their thoughts.
One person typed: “One of the best series I’ve ever watched,” while someone else quipped: “Freaking love it!” A third person said: “One of my favourites, such a dysfunctional family,” as another comment read: “Frank Gallagher, one of the best ever made character[s].”
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Billie Eilish sparks concern over bite marks and bruises after posing in bikini
“What a fantastic series?! One of the reasons I started watching cable shows…lead me to some other greats,” gushed one Netflix streamer. The US version of the show is based on a UK series with the same name and members of the group urged other users to “watch the UK one”.
Some people even compared the two: “It’s not even close to the original series,” “It’s ok. Not a patch on the original though” and “I prefer the original UK version”. Shameless is a drama series which ran for 11 series and was first aired in 2011.
The show stars The Bear’s Jeremy Allen White along with William H. Macy, Emmy Rossum, Cameron Monaghan, Ethan Cutkosky, Emma Kenney, Shanola Hampton, Steve Howey, Noel Fisher, Christian Isaiah and Justin Chatwin.
Netflix’s official description reads: “This dramedy based on a British series centres on siblings in a dysfunctional Chicago family who struggle while coping with their alcoholic father.”
Frank Gallagher, a single father, is the head of the family but is neglectful of his six children - Fiona, Phillip, Ian, Debbie, Carl and Liam. The group learn to fend for themselves as Frank is often out and about, getting high or drunk with whatever he can muster up.
When Shameless’ ninth season premiered, the show became Showtime’s longest running original scripted series. In 2020, the show was renewed for it’s eleventh and final season which was pushed back due to Covid-19.
The all star cast includes William H. Macy, who film fans will recognise from Fargo, Boogie Nights, Jurassic Park III, Wild Hogs and Kingdom of the Planet of the Apes. Jeremy Allen White, who plays his son Lip, was recently awarded a Primetime Emmy and two Golden Globes for his role as Carmy in The Bear.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.