IMPARTIAL NEWS + INTELLIGENT DEBATE

					Thank goodness this isn't the shot-for-shot remake that it tried to pass itself off as					

The people in charge of marketing Mean Girls really have worked hard to hide the fact that it’s a musical. Perhaps “film adaptation of a musical adaptation of a film” felt like a hard sell, because the trailer features none of the songs, none of the dancing, none of what makes this film such a fizzy delight. Viral videos on TikTok show cinema audiences collectively groaning – some even walking out – upon hearing the first tell-tale notes and realising they’ve been duped. But those who walked out missed out; this film is pretty grool.
The plot is just as it was in Tina Fey’s 2004 original: after her family moves back to the US from Kenya (well, it’s Kenya now; in the original it was just generic “Africa”), the bright-eyed, bushy-tailed Cady Heron must navigate the wild and dangerous terrains of high school. Unfamiliar with the subtle social rules of American teenhood, Cady (Angourie Rice, taking on the role that made a superstar of Lindsay Lohan) struggles to make friends, forced to eat her lunch in a toilet stall until she is scooped up by two benevolent misfits, Janis (Moana‘s Auliʻi Cravalho) and Damien (Jaquel Spivey). 
But when she catches the eye of the Plastics, especially their queen bee Regina George (Renee Rapp), she finds herself torn between wanting to take down the popular clique from within and falling under its spell. 
But this time, there are songs. Written by Nell Benjamin (Legally Blonde) and Jeff Richmond, these carefully sprinkled numbers are catchy and clever, sung brilliantly by a cast whose voices range from big, bold and vibrato-filled (Spivey) to sweet and understated (Rice) to straight-up sultry (Rapp). Fans of the stage show might baulk at how some songs have been made slower and lower, backed by dark glitchy beats that are more Billie Eilish than Broadway. But the film knows when to go full jazz hands – as in the eye-popping “Revenge Party” – and when to lean a little grittier. And yes, the dance scenes may self-consciously cater to the kind of choreography that is big on TikTok, but they are still a joy to watch. 
Unavoidably, the legacy of the original Mean Girls weighs heavily at times. The Noughties masterpiece raised the bar for what a teen girl comedy could look like, and its iconic lines have carved themselves so deeply into the pop culture landscape that seeing them replicated here feels a little like sacrilege. 
In her script for this film, Fey has regurgitated some of those lines word for word – “almost too gay to function”, “on Wednesdays, we wear pink”, “she doesn’t even go here” – which means any minor change of intonation jars. Others have been misguidedly, somewhat randomly, tweaked. “I’m not like a regular mom, I’m @coolmom with six 0s,” says Regina’s cloying mother (an otherwise well cast Busy Phillips) in an unnecessary update for the social media age. 
Some of the film’s stars, meanwhile, feel a little out of their depth in such beloved roles. Where Amanda Seyfried gave airhead Karen some heart, Avantika veers too vacant (though her Halloween song “Sexy” is a highlight), and as Gretchen, Bebe Wood does a good job of playing downtrodden and dispirited, but robbed of that incredible “we should totally just stab Caesar” monologue she doesn’t have enough to sink her teeth into. 
But not Renee Rapp. As Regina George, Rapp somehow makes even “get in loser” feel exhilarating and new. From the moment she appears, channelling a post-makeover Olivia Newton John in black leather, dripping with charisma and self-obsession and wielding her beauty like a weapon, her presence cranks everything up a gear. When her inevitable downfall occurs, it is both pleasurable and pitiful.
If it sounds like damning with faint praise to say that Rice also does a perfectly decent job, then bear in mind that Cady was never a very showy character, the straight woman to her funnier and more outrageous peers, so it takes a subtle star quality to stop her being a bit of a wet blanket. Rice sticks the landing. 
Thank goodness this isn’t the shot-for-shot remake that it tried to pass itself off as. By the time a surprise cameo from one of the original cast came around, I was utterly won over. 
Impartial news + intelligent debate
All rights reserved. © 2025 Associated Newspapers Limited.