The trilingual star dropped her latest album, Funk Generation, on Friday (April 26).

													By
												

	Griselda Flores

Senior Editor, Latin

	Anitta unleashed Funk Generation on Friday (April 26), which puts the Brazilian funk that has influenced the trilingual star’s career center stage. Marking her sixth studio album, the set follows 2022’s Versions of Me and is home to the previously released singles “Funk Rave” and “Joga Pra Lua.” 

	It’s safe to say that all songs on the album are certified bangers. After all, Anitta is a bona fide hitmaker. She first cracked the Billboard Hot 100 in 2020 with “Me Gusta” in collaboration with Cardi B and Myke Towers. Since, she’s had two more songs on the Hot 100, including “Bellakeo” with Peso Pluma and “Envolver.” The latter became a viral hit that spent one week at No. 1 on the Billboard Global Excl. U.S. chart, just to name a few of her chart accomplishments.

	










	Anitta is set to embark on her first North American tour in May, in support of Funk Generation. “Funk is ingrained in the culture of those who live in Brazilian favelas, where I come from, and has often been unfairly judged as lacking artistic value, even associated with organized crime,” Anitta said in a statement. “It reflects the classism and racism that haunt our society. I’m part of a generation that embraced the rhythm, emerged from the favelas, and conquered Brazil.”

	“My new project is very special because it signifies my intention to create an international funk album, something I’ve always dreamed of,” she added. “It’s fulfilling to see that funk is now a source of inspiration and art in the global music scene—a genre with value, awards, and admiration.”

	Above, check out Anitta’s rise on the Billboard charts.

	After the video, catch up on more Billboard Explains videos and learn about Peso Pluma and the Mexican music boom, the role record labels play, origins of hip-hop, how Beyoncé arrived at Renaissance, the evolution of girl groups, BBMAs, NFTs, SXSW, the magic of boy bands, American Music Awards, the Billboard Latin Music Awards, the Hot 100 chart, how R&B/hip-hop became the biggest genre in the U.S., how festivals book their lineups, Billie Eilish’s formula for success, the history of rap battles, nonbinary awareness in music, the Billboard Music Awards, the Free Britney movement, rise of K-pop in the U.S., why Taylor Swift is re-recording her first six albums, the boom of hit all-female collaborations, how Grammy nominees and winners are chosen, why songwriters are selling their publishing catalogs, how the Super Bowl halftime show is booked and more.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.