These tunes proved they were more than "Kenough" to earn their very own Oscar nominations. 
Emlyn Travis is a news writer at Entertainment Weekly with over five years of experience covering the latest in entertainment. A proud Kingston University alum, Emlyn has written about music, fandom, film, television, and awards for multiple outlets including MTV News, Teen Vogue, Bustle, BuzzFeed, Paper Magazine, Dazed, and NME. She joined EW in August 2022.
 This morning’s 2024 Oscar nominations were music to everyone’s ears, but none more so than the collection of talented artists who discovered they're up for Best Original Song at the 96th Academy Awards. 

 The category is filled with music that made moviegoers laugh, cry, and everything in between. Barbie’s solid soundtrack continues to dominate the awards circuit, with Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt’s epic power ballad “I’m Just Ken” and Billie Eilish and brother Finneas O’Connell’s moving “What Was I Made For?” both nabbing nominations. Meanwhile, Jon Batiste earned his first-ever Best Original Song nomination for his moving documentary, American Symphony. 

 Check out all of this year's nominees for Best Original Song below.

Warner Bros., Apple TV+, Netflix 
 Get ready to get fired up! Eva Longoria’s directorial debut Flamin’ Hot, which follows the creation of Flamin’ Hot Cheetos, earned a nod for its slow-grooving single, “The Fire Inside.” The song, which was written by Oscar-nominated legend Diane Warren (this is her 15th nod for Best Original Song), is performed by Becky G. 

 Can you feel the Kenergy? Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt's hilarious "I'm Just Ken" from Barbie,  which has already won a Critics' Choice Movie Award, is more than just Kenough — it's Oscar-nominated. The song, which highlights Ken's (Ryan Gosling) inner turmoil, is performed by Gosling, who also received a Best Supporting Actor nomination for the film at this year's Academy Awards.

 Four years after winning Best Original Score for his work with Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross on Pixar's Soul, Jon Batiste has earned his very first Best Original Song nomination for his moving single "It Never Went Away" from his documentary, American Symphony. The track is one of multiple songs featured in the year-long project, which depicts the highs and lows of the musician's personal and professional life amid his wife Suleika Jaouad's battle with leukemia.

 Osage Nation music consultant and composer Scott George earned a nomination on Tuesday for his song “Wahzhazhe (A Song for My People)” from Martin Scorsese’s Killers of the Flower Moon. The film, which chronicles the Osage Reign of Terror in Oklahoma in the 1920s, features a performance of the song by Osage tribal singers.

 Three years after winning Best Original Song for their otherwordly James Bond single “No Time to Die,” Billie Eilish and brother Finneas O’Connell have earned a second nomination for their Barbie hit, “What Was I Made For?” The emotional song, which soundtracked Barbie’s quest to find her true purpose in the film, has already won several awards including a Golden Globe in early January. 

 The 96th Academy Awards will air on Sunday, March 10, at 7 p.m. ET/4 p.m. PT on ABC. See the full list of 2024 Oscar nominations. 

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)