The singer - who is now the world's richest female musician according to Forbes - is up for seven awards, including best video, best artist, best US act, and best collaboration.
Tuesday 8 October 2024 18:46, UK
Taylor Swift has led the MTV Europe Music Awards (EMAs) nominations for the second year running.
The 34-year-old is up for seven awards including best video, best artist, best US act, and best collaboration, after the release of her 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department, earlier this year.
The singer - now the world's richest female musician according to Forbes - was up for the same number of awards in 2023.
However, the ceremony was cancelled over the "volatility of world events" following the outbreak of the Israel-Hamas war.
It comes after Swift's domination at the 2024 Video Music Awards (VMAs) where she took home seven gongs - taking her career total to 30 and equalling Beyonce as the most-awarded musician in VMAs history.
Swift is up against artists including American stars Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, and Billie Eilish, as well as British singer Raye, for best artist.
British stars including Central Cee, Charli XCX, and Coldplay, are all up for awards.
This year, there are 19 nominees who have the chance to bag their first-ever EMA, according to MTV.
These include British and Irish acts like Disclosure and Fred Again for best electronic, post-punk band Fontaines DC for best alternative, and five-piece indie group The Last Dinner Party for best new act.
Big names including Bon Jovi, Coldplay, Green Day, Liam Gallagher and The Killers, will go head-to-head in the best rock category, while Eminem, Kendrick Lamar, Megan Thee Stallion, and Nicki Minaj are among those nominated for best hip-hop.
Read more from Sky News:Flaming Lips protege, 17, killedWhitney Houston's mother diesPeter Capaldi on 'going sinister'
Keep up with all the latest news from the UK and around the world by following Sky News
The ceremony, which celebrates music and artists across the globe, will take place for the first time in Manchester at the Co-op Live arena - which opened its doors earlier this year after weeks of setbacks, cancellations and postponements.
The ceremony on 10 November will be broadcast at 9pm on MTV UK, Channel 5, and Pluto TV, and will also be available on demand on Paramount+ from 12 November.