Popstar Charli XCX suffered a 14-minute wardrobe malfunction as she fought to stop her extreme plunge top from flashing the O2 arena.
The British songwriter and party girl, 32, took her Brat tour to London on Thursday night (November 28) and it would make for an evening that her fans would certainly remember - for more reasons than one.
On the sold-out date, Charli went through multiple clothing changes that all purposely exposed at least one region of her body. She had no issue frolicking around the stage in micro-shorts that flashed her behind - but she didn't prepare for her other body parts to fall out...
READ MORE: Why 'demure' and 'brat' are words of the year as Gen Z slang takes over dictionary
READ MORE: Charli XCX and Billie Eilish donate bras to homeless women after new song collab
As she took to the stage for Act 3 for the brat-fuelled set list, Charli got on her knees for the So I Remix as she flung her hair back and forth while crawling on the floor in some sparkly tights and a blue body suit.
Not before long, the Guess singer's top started to slip revealing most of her chest.
After the song finished, Charli cheekily admitted: "When you have t**s like I do, you should not wear this top on stage. I've learnt that lesson now and I'm really glad about it.
"But, I did it for you London."
After having learnt her lesson, Charli decided to ignore her outfit woes and the possibility of flashing 20,000 roaring fans by breaking into song Spring Breakers.
Charli soldiered on as her top continued to slip and spill her assets out as she frolicked around the pop-up cage tunnel in the middle of the crowd. Expertly, the brat popstar hoisted the top up as she strutted up and down the walkway as if it was all part of the routine.
Charli's wardrobe malfunction lasted just over 14 minutes before she quickly got changed out of the ensemble.
She then stormed back onto stage in some silver micro shorts that exposed her bum cheeks, a pair of black thigh high boots, a green jacket and a crop top.
How brat!
Charli XCX continues her brat tour in Birmingham in Birmingham on Friday, November 29.
Brat was recently made one of the words of the year, thanks to the influence of Charli's album. Demure also has been crowned the word of the year after a viral TikTok trend made the word popular again.
We spoke with trend forecaster and podcast host of Let's Get Ugly Disha Daswaney to get some expert insight into how two very different words and trends - the rebellious brat and the sophistication of demure - have become so simultaneously popular.
The expert told us: "The rise of 'brat' and 'demure' as words of the year perfectly illustrates TikTok’s role in setting cultural and aesthetic agendas, driven by a generation redefining self-expression through contrasting yet complementary identities.
"What’s fascinating is how these aesthetics thrived at the same time, reflecting Gen Z’s fluidity in identity and self-expression.
"TikTok allowed users to seamlessly shift between the rebellion of 'brat' and the sophistication of 'demure', embracing both extremes depending on their mood or message.
"This duality, amplified by the platform’s ability to make aesthetics go viral, has inspired brands to craft campaigns and collections celebrating the messy, the mindful, and everything in between.
"It’s a testament to how digital creativity and individuality are reshaping culture today."
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.