By
Snoop Dogg, accompanied by mentor and longtime friend Dr. Dre, performed alongside an all-star line in Long Beach, California, on Sunday (August 11) for the Paris Olympic Games Closing Ceremony. 
The event is a handoff of the Summer Olympic Games from Paris to Los Angeles, which will be held in 2028. Sunday’s lineup included Red Hot Chilli Peppers and Billie Eilish.
The performance was pre-recorded to be aired on national television later. Ben Winston produced the live performance in coordination with French producers of the Closing Ceremony. Fans took to social media on Sunday with footage of Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg performing “The Next Episode” from the classic album The Chronic 2001. 
With the #Olympics coming to LA in 2028…It only makes sense to have Snoop Dogg & Dr. Dre perform to celebrate 🐐🐐 pic.twitter.com/1YOoC3LJZf
After Sunday’s Closing Ceremony, Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass will accept the Olympic Torch and bring it to the City of Angels. By next week, Los Angeles will have three years and 11 months to prepare for the 2028 Summer Games, which will run from July 14 to July 30.
Snoop Dogg was the lead correspondent and personality at this year’s Paris Olympic Games in France. While rumored he received 500 thousand dollars daily plus accommodations, The Dogfather introduced various games, including the first-ever Breakdancing sport. Snoop carried the Olympic torch to begin the games last month.
Before the Olympics, Dre and Snoop were overseas promoting their new beverage, Gin & Juice By Dre & Snoop. In London, Snoop, Dre, and Eminem reunited on stage to perform their classic collaborations. 
Snoop and Dr. Dre are working on a highly-anticipated Snoop Dogg album. No official word on a release date. The album was announced by Dr. Dre, who shared that he was working on new solo albums with Eminem and 50 Cent. The announcements followed Dr. Dre receiving a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in March.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97