Tonight on the grand finale of "American Idol" season 22, Abi Carter, Jack Blocker and Will Moseley face off one more time for America's vote. Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee Jon Bon Jovi mentors the final three before they take the stage in front of judges Luke Bryan, Katy Perry and Lionel Richie. At the end of the night host Ryan Seacrest will announce this year's champion. Let's go!
Below, follow with our live blog for "American Idol 22" Episode 18 airing Sunday, May 19 (8:00 p.m. - 11:00 p.m. ET).
SEE 'American Idol' deaths: Full list of singers we've lost
8:00 p.m. -- Previously on "American Idol"! The Top 5 performed two songs each on fan-favorite "Disney Night." America voted live for the Top 3, and Emmy Russell and Triston Harper were eliminated. Who will be crowned the winner in tonight's grand finale?
8:05 p.m. -- Ryan introduces viewers to this season finale of "American Idol" as Abi, Jack and Will serenade the audience with "Livin' on a Prayer" by Bon Jovi. Next, Jon himself joins the trio singing "Legendary."
8:10 p.m. -- Luke, Katy and Lionel take their spot at the judges' desk for the final time this season. Katy is a little emotional since this is likely her last night as a judge. Next we see Will sit down with Jon for a mentorship session. Jon teaches him to feel the moment as he sings the Bon Jovi classic "It's My Life," which happens to be one of Will's dad's favorite songs. When Will hits the stage it's clear his voice lends itself well to rock music, he ain't just some country crooner. A solid opening for Will!
8:12 p.m. -- Lionel screams, "Way to go!" before adding, "Let it go and enjoy yourself." Katy says Will sounds like Bon Jovi. Luke says it's fun to watch Will and he never thought he'd see Will not holding a guitar. He notes, "That thing had some teeth on it!"
8:15 p.m. -- Jack has chosen the power ballad "I'll Be There for You" for his Bon Jovi tribute. Jon shares this song reminds me of the time he proposed to his wife -- and says "Jack's gonna win this f***'n contest, let's go!" Jack hits the stage and gives it his all. I don't typically think of him as a balladeer, but he's showing some chops on this song.
8:17 p.m. -- Katy calls it "surreal" to see Jack in the Top 3 after he barely survived his audition and adds, "No one is blocking Jack Blocker, not even me." Luke says Jack's shirt should win it's own award and compliments him on pushing himself. Lionel says their relationship started rocky, but he could always see the potential (which is a bit of a fib). Luke reminds everyone that HE was the judge who fought to keep Jack around.
8:25 p.m. -- Abi meets with Jon and tells him she'll be performing "Bed of Roses." He encourages her to sing the song her own way and not copy his version. He tells her, "You're the whole package." Abi hits the stage to sing this ballad at the piano. It's a gentle, beautiful arrangement like Abi's become known for. She may have just won this first round with that vocal performances.
8:27 p.m. -- The crowd will not stop cheering and delays the judges from making comments. They have little time to talk, but Katy says, "The room may be cheering, but if you're not voting from home it doesn't mean anything, so you better vote." Next, Abi gets a special congratulations from Billie Eilish who wishes her "nothing but the best" and says, "I'm here to support you forever."
8:38 p.m. -- It's time for round two of this contest, which are hometown dedications. Will is dedicating "My Town" by Montgomery Gentry to his hometown of Hazlehurst, Georgia. It sounds like the type of song he'd release to country radio, so that makes it a pretty good choice. Lionel says he can make that song his staple and having a sold-out show in your hometown is unlike any sell-out you can have. Katy says this show keeps the American dream alive and Will is a perfect example of that. Luke compliments Luke's delivery of the song and says he has all the tools for a great career.
8:50 p.m. -- Next Jack dedicates "All My Ex's Live in Texas" by George Strait to his hometown of Dallas, Texas. I love this song, but it's kind of a funny choice for a hometown dedication. Still, it's a fun, upbeat number from Jack who has grown into this season's most unpredictable performer. Katy calls this his "bread and butter" because he's "footloose and fancy free." Luke says everything about that performance was "star" quality and it may be his favorite performance. Lionel says Jack's career is about to take off.
9:03 p.m. -- Wrapping up the first hour of this finale is Abi's dedication of "Somewhere" from "West Side Story" to her hometown of Indio, California. She's shown so much versatility in her song choices this season. What an epic classic to choose for the finale! Lionel calls it a "show-stopping moment" and adds, "It doesn't get any better." Katy calls it "magic."
9:17 p.m. -- Season 3 winner Fantasia Barrino pays a special visit to say hello. She tells the finalists, "God gave you a gift and it's up to you how far you take it." She also says this show opened so many doors for her and she's grateful for it. She'll be back later for another appearance! But first Julia Gagnon joins Jason Mraz for a performance his song, "I Feel Like Dancing." Then Jayna Elise joins Seal for his classic "Crazy."
9:20 p.m. -- After two performances it's time for someone's journey to end right now. Dim the lights! Ryan announces the person who came in third place is Jack.
9:35 p.m. -- James Bay hits the Idol stage with his hit "Let it Go." He's joined by Season 22 contestants McKenna Faith Breinholt and Kaibrienne. Then Luke takes the stage with his single "Love You, Miss You, Mean It." Then Mia Matthews joins him for a tribute to George Strait with "Run."
9:45 p.m. -- Lionel is on stage singing "Running with the Night" when he's joined by entire Top 12. Then country superstar Cody Johnson sings "'Til You Can't" with Triston Harper. It's an all-star concert tonight!
9:57 p.m. -- Abi joins Bishop Briggs for a duet of Briggs' song "River." That's followed by a highlight reel of some of Luke, Katy and Lionel's best moments of the season. After that, Season 14 champ Nick Fradiani hits the stage with a medley of Neil Diamond hits. Fradiani is currently starring as Diamond in the Broadway musical "A Beautiful Noise." Will, Jack, Triston, Kayko and Roman Collins join him for the fun.
10:15 p.m. -- Will joins Grammy-winning band Hootie & the Blowfish for a medley of their hits. They'll be kicking off a summer tour with Darius Rucker rejoining the band -- taking a break from his successful solo country career. Next it's Katy's turn to perform "What Makes a Woman" and she's joined by her new bestie, Jack. Both are flying high above the audience on elevated platforms on opposite sides of the stage. Up next Kayko is back, this time with New Kids on the Block! Who doesn't love "You Got It (The Right Stuff)"?
10:30 p.m. -- Emmy Russell is back to perform "Coal Miner's Daughter" and "No One Else On Earth" with country legend Wynonna Judd. Then Roman joins gospel star CeCe Winans for a performance of "Goodness of God." Roman's enthusiasm gives me the goosebumps every time! He was gone way too early this season. What a performance!
10:40 p.m. -- The ladies of the Top 12 pay tribute to Katy with a medley of "Teenage Dream," "Dark Horse" and "California Gurls." Then Ryan tells Abi and Will that no matter who wins, both win a Disney cruise for four to the Bahamas.
10:50 p.m. -- Both Will and Abi perform their new singles and receive positive feedback, but it's hard not to hear the crowd is definitely on Abi's side. We're gonna find out the winner once and for all after the break!
11:00 p.m. -- Dim the lights! After the nationwide live coast-to-cast vote, the winner of "American Idol 2024" is Abi! She becomes the first Platinum Ticket winner to go all the way! Congratulations to Abi and congrats to all of the other finalists this season. See you in 2025!
Be sure to make your predictions to influence our reality TV racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next episode airs on ABC. You'll compete to win eternal bragging rights and a spot on our "American Idol" leaderboard. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our reality TV forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
Hard to believe Jack Blocker was eliminated in 3rd place. Abi better win because nobody comes close to her in my opinion.
Jack is several level better!
Abi Carter is not an original.  We have enough long brown hair female singers.
Will Moseley is original and identifiable.  He should win.
Umm, no. Just the complete opposite.
Lots of blonde neckbeard singers that look like linebackers in your part of the world? Name 3
Jack blocker didn’t even belong in the top 3. Jumping on the bandwagon turning country all of a sudden the last 3 weeks. Shame
I never understood the fascination with Jack Blocker. I didn’t care for anything he sang. I just couldn’t get past the weird facial antics when he sang. It got slightly better as the season went on, but just not a fan of his voice or his style. Seems like a nice guy though!
agreed
The country voters split the vote between Moseley and Jack leaving Abi the winner.  As the past has shown some of those on American Idol have gone on to do well and were NOT the No. 1 winner.
Jayna Elise was my favorite. Loved her voice and swag. She’ll do really well.
Moseley should have won..
Will or Jack would have been better than abby
I can’t believe that I sat through 3 hours,to find out at the end that Abi Carter won,when ig should have been Jack,the best one,or Will.Jack could sing anything as well as Will.Abi could never sing country.So how can the judges say she is the whole package,and I’ll let you know,she will be one of those winners that doesn’t go anywhere with her singing.She will be forgotten.
I think jack should of been 2nd place I’m
Glad abi won tho will was good don’t get me wrong but he should have been 3rd place.
I can’t believe Katy Perry is leaving American idol it wont be the same without her
There were a couple other performers better than Jack.  Jack was just too much.  The over acting of mouth was ridiculous.  I thought Loretta Lynn’s grand daughter was better than Jack, but that is me.  As for Abe and Will, actually I thought Will should have won, again that is me.  I am a country girl and anything country is a winner with me.  I am however, happy to see Katy Perry leave the show.  She was a total distraction.  Always pulling on her clothes, trying to show as much of herself as she could. She needs to find clothes that fit her and they will stay on and won’t rip and she won’t have to keep pulling them up or down.
Just like Tongat Ali we will forget these people.  Meghan Danielle had more talent and original voicing last year than all of these clowns.  Even Colin too.
Abi…..WHO????
Good riddance Perry.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media