"It gets a little bit violent," said Eilish while discussing her love for the game
 Billie Eilish can sing, act, and play a mean game of Uno!

 The singer's hidden talent was discussed as she and her brother Finneas chatted with Amelia Dimoldenberg for an interview released on the Oscars YouTube page on Friday.

 Finneas (born Finneas O'Connell) was asked to bestow a fictional award upon his sister when he revealed she'd be the perfect contender for the "Most Violent Game of Uno" award.

Lionel Hahn/Getty Images
 "Yeah, that's true," said Eilish, 22, after letting out a big laugh. "It gets a little bit violent. Uno just announced some garbage like 'You can't stack pluses.' Sorry. The game is not fun then. You know what I'm saying? You got to stack all the pluses and reverse the reverses and skip the skips."

 Fans first saw Eilish's love for the game after a clip of her, Denzel Curry, Vince Staples, and a few other friends playing the game in December went viral.

 The video showed the group laughing as draw two and draw four cards were stacked on top of one another.

 At the GRAMMY Live! from the Red Carpet pre-show, Eilish told Amanda Kloots and Alina Vission that she had intended to take most of 2023 off.

 "We put one song out this whole year. And did not think it would get — maybe one, even, let alone six. Which is really, really crazy," Eilish said. "This was supposed to be an off year. Didn’t put an album out, didn’t do anything. We really made one song and we were like, 'Here you go.' "

 The track “What Was I Made For? off the Barbie soundtrack kept both her and Finneas, 26, busy since its release.

Christopher Polk/Billboard via Getty Images
 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 Apart from winning two Grammys, it also won best original song at the 2024 Golden Globes and is up for Best Original Song at the 96th annual Academy Awards.

 The siblings released a joint statement in which they called the nomination "everything."

 "We are so incredibly honored to receive a nomination for 'What Was I Made For?' As lifelong fans of film, music in film and the Academy Awards, this means everything to us. We are so grateful to the Academy, its members, and to be recognized alongside so many songwriters that we respect and admire," the statement read.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)