Margot Robbie is currently embracing her Mother Barbie era, as the Hollywood star is reportedly expecting her first child with husband Tom Ackerley.
While neither the actress nor her producer husband, both 34, have confirmed the news, the star was seen cradling what looked to be a baby bump while on vacation in Lake Como.
Since then, the couple have been spotted together at Wimbledon since, putting on a loved up display, and it looks like they've got other big moves on the horizon.
In a new video with Elle, singer Billie Eilish, who collaborated with Margot for the soundtrack of Barbie with her Oscar-winning song "What Was I Made For?" is tasked with prank calling some of her famous friends with outlandish requests.
Among other calls to friends Dakota Johnson and Tyler the Creator, plus her label head Justin Lubliner, she drops a ring to Margot when asked to find a home to pose as a setting for a fictional music video.
Their banter immediately comes across as warm and friendly, with Margot sweetly asking Billie: "How are you my love?" after the pop star calls her while she's on set, and then takes the time to rave about her new album Hit Me Hard and Soft.
"By the way, sorry, first of all, your album. I'm dead, dead, dead, dying," she began to gush. "We are obsessed with it, cannot stop listening to it. It's unreal, we [expletive] listen to it all the time ever since it came out, we're like 'Let's put Billie on.'"
MORE: Who is Margot Robbie's 'normie' husband Tom Ackerley? All you need to know
Billie, 22, who admitted earlier that she was extremely anxious about pranking her friends to begin with, nervously laughs as she pretends to ask Margot about needing her home to shoot a music video after her original location fell through.
While it's unclear when the segment was filmed, it's likely that the call took place some time before Margot's pregnancy hit headlines, and she admitted to the Grammy-winning singer-songwriter that they were actually in the middle of a move, or at least, a complete remodeling of their home.
READ: I dyed my hair 'Old Money Blonde' like Margot Robbie — here's what a stylist needs you to know
Margot and Tom own a beautiful beach house in Venice Beach, California, which they purchased for $5 million in 2021. They reportedly also were on the hunt for a home in Byron Bay in Margot's native Australia (Tom is English).
"I ordinarily would say [expletive] yeah, but we are packing up our house tomorrow," Margot said, leaving Billie to silently mouth to the watching production team "Wait, what?" at the coincidence of it all.
MORE: Margot Robbie and Ryan Gosling received the exact same salary for Barbie – but here's what sets Margot apart
She continues the bit, however, by asking the Bombshell star whether she knew someone else who could provide their home for the video, which apparently required enough space for 200 extras.
The two then laugh it off once Billie admits it's a prank, with Margot admitting that she actually began racking her brain over which of her friends had homes big enough for this. After some more chit chat, the Barbie star signs off while also telling her friend that she would be more than glad to accommodate her request at any other point.
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information please click here.