By Author Tyler Johnson


Published: Oct 03, 2024 at 9:05 AM • Category Jimmy Fallon 

Reading Time:  3 minutes 
Is Jimmy Fallon on the verge of being fired from The Tonight Show?
When Jimmy first took the reins from previous host Jay Leno, he promptly silenced haters with years of surprisingly solid ratings.
But several consecutive seasons of viewership erosion have left the once-popular comic in a precarious position.
The ratings decline began in 2019. And these days, Jimmy consistently finishes third in his time slot, behind competitors Stephen Colbert and Jimmy Kimmel.
The host took another hit in 2023 when multiple staffers accused Jimmy of fostering a toxic work environment.
According to a new report from Radar Online, The Tonight Show has lost 41 percent of its audience in the past five years.
In response to this decline, NBC has reduced Jimmy from five new episodes a week to four.
And across the industry, the situation is raising questions about late night’s most iconic show.
“When Jimmy took The Tonight Show job ten years ago, he insisted on five tapings a week and promised the decision would pay for itself, and it did for the first few years,” one insider tells Radar.
“But today, the number of advertisers willing to pay tens of thousands of dollars for commercials has definitely shrunk, and even Jimmy admits that.”
According to the source, Jimmy’s many celebrity friendships are keeping him afloat at the moment.
“Jimmy does have a knack for getting big guests and coming up with unusual bits. Jimmy also uses his personal connections to music stars to help increase ratings,” says the insider.
“To Jimmy’s credit, The Tonight Show has become Billie Eilish‘s go-to venue to debut new music, and Jimmy still has a lot of favors he can call in from across the music business.”
But will Jimmy’s connections be enough to save his job? The source points out that his contract extends to 2028, so the beleaguered host has time to turn things around.
“It’s not exactly a bleak situation yet,” says the source.
“The show’s producer, Lorne Michaels, is one of the most powerful people in television, but it’s going to be an uphill battle to grow the audience with an hour less of original content a week.”
Jimmy has already done some damage control by getting in front of the situation and publicly apologizing to his staff.
“I’m sorry if I embarrassed you,” he said, after the allegations came out. “I never set out to create that type of atmosphere at the show. I think sometimes I’m working with the best of the best, you guys are the top of the game.
“There are things I’ve done in the past that are embarrassing but I never mistreated anybody.
“I want this show to be fun, it should be inclusive for everybody, it should be funny, it should be the best show, the best people.”
The PR crisis certainly didn’t do any wonders Jimmy’s reputation. And while faced tough odds before, this might be the most difficult battle of his career.
Ron Hale, Beloved Soap Opera Star, Dead at 78
John Amos’ Kids & Their Family Feud Over Father’s Legacy, Explained