e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass arrived back from Paris on Monday afternoon, Aug. 12, bringing with her the official Olympic flag as the City of Angels gets ready to host the next Summer Games in 2028.
The mayor arrived at LAX aboard a plane also carrying athletes that represented Team USA at the Paris Games, members of the LA28 Olympic Organizing Committee, and local elected officials who were at the Olympics.
“It is wonderful to be home,” Bass said to members of the press after getting off the tarmac, where she, along with Gov. Gavin Newsom, posed for group photos with athletes from Team USA.
Bass said she was excited to see how the Paris Games became an “Olympics for everyone” and hopes to replicate that in four years.
“To land here right now and to see all of these Angelenos here, greeting us, lets me know that it is on,” she said. “So I hope that the excitement continues in L.A. and we do all that we need to do to get ready for 2028.”
L.A. County Supervisor Janice Hahn, L.A. City Council President Paul Krekorian, L.A. Councilmember Traci Park and Long Beach Mayor Rex Richardson were also aboard the plane that traveled back with the Olympic athletes from Paris.
Richardson, who was born in 1983, said he was too young to remember the ’84 Olympics, the last time L.A. hosted the Summer Games. But he committed to doing his part to making the 2028 Games a success.
“I don’t remember ’84,” he said to laughs. But, he said, there’s “a whole generation of people who are really ready to put their best foot forward — from L.A. to Venice Beach to Long Beach and Carson. We’re all going to make sure that we deliver a quality Games and a quality experience.”
Local elected officials said they learned much during their time in Paris about preparing to host, including making sure that the transportation infrastructure and mass transit is adequate.
Bass said she noticed a couple of homeless encampments in France but not massive encampments — an issue her administration will continue to tackle.
Bass was handed the flag during Sunday’s closing ceremony at the Paris Games, making her the first Black female mayor to receive the flag during the event.
The historic transfer of the flag featured Paris’ first female mayor, Anne Hidalgo, handing the flag over to International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach, who in turn passed it on to Bass, during an entertainment extravaganza that featured Southern California natives Billie Eilish, Snoop Dogg, Dr. Dre and the Red Hot Chili Peppers in prerecorded performances on Saturday in Long Beach.
After Bass received the flag, California native H.E.R. performed the U.S. national anthem, then actor Tom Cruise dramatically descended on cables from the top of Stade de France to the stadium’s field, then jumped on a motorcycle to carry the flag out of the stadium on its journey to Los Angeles.
Millions watched on TV as Cruise was shown riding through the streets of Paris and into a transport plane.
Then a pre-filmed segment showed the Mission Impossible star parachuting into the hills above Hollywood and handing the flag to U.S. cyclist Kate Courtney — before the camera pulled back to reveal the Hollywood Sign adorned with the five Olympic rings.
Back in real time in Paris. Bass waved the flag in the air and handed it over to three-time Olympian Simone Biles, the most decorated U.S. gymnast of all time who left Paris with four more medals, three of them gold.
“It’s my hope that when girls around the world watched the first woman Mayor of Paris officially hand off the flag to the first woman Mayor of Los Angeles, they were inspired,” Bass said in a statement after the closing ceremony on Sunday. “Together, we sent the message to girls all around the world that they can do anything — they can run for gold and they can run for office.”
She went on to say, “Tonight, we exchanged more than just the flag, we sent a message all across the world. Now, it’s time for Los Angeles to show the world just how special our city is, and to host the most impactful Olympic and Paralympic Games yet that focus on helping local small businesses, creating local jobs and creating lasting environmental and transportation improvements throughout Los Angeles that generate tangible benefits to Angelenos for generations to come.”
The transfer of the Olympic flag from one host nation to another is a popular tradition during the Games’ closing ceremony.
The five interlocking rings depicted on the flag – to represent the union of Earth’s five continents and athletes from around the world converging in one place – is one of the most recognizable symbols of the Olympic Games.
The flag was designed 111 years ago in July 1913 by Pierre de Coubertin, founder of the modern Olympic Games, for the 1914 Olympic Jubilee Congress in Paris to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the Olympic movement.
The rings and flag were officially adopted by the International Olympic Committee in 1914.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group