A MAN from Conwy who engaged in sexual communication with an “extremely vulnerable” girl has been spared jail.


  Gareth Salisbury, 29, of Penmaen Road, was sentenced to eight months’ imprisonment, suspended for a year-and-a-half, at Mold Crown Court today (March 5).


  He had previously admitted a charge of engaging in sexual communication with a child.


READ MORE:


Llanrwst resident celebrates winning £10,000 in SPAR competition


More than 1,000 jobseekers attend employment expo in Colwyn Bay


Concert celebrates completion of Conwy ship heading for Madagascar


  Prosecuting, Anna Pope told the court that, from November 2022, Salisbury sent various sexually explicit messages to the girl.


  Though the initial messages were not sexual in nature, he later began to speak in a “more crude, sexual language” to her, which made her feel “awkward”.


  She responded as she “didn’t want to upset him”, but Salisbury would continue to send sexual messages, such as encouraging to perform a sex act and referring to them “having a foursome with her boyfriend and (singer) Billie Eilish”.


  The girl began to self-harm and was “panicking in her head” as a result of the messages which Salisbury sent her, the court heard.


  It was her who told him that they should not be having these sort of conversations because of her age; he agreed, said it wouldn’t happen again, and asked her to delete their chat history.


  She did so, but took screenshots of some of them, while Salisbury apologised, deleted the exchanges from his end, and told her “not to tell anyone”.


  The girl later told her mother about what Salisbury had done and blocked him on social media.


  He then asked her why she did this and told her that his grandfather was dying, which made her felt “guilty” and that “what had happened was her fault”.


  Salisbury was later arrested, before saying in his police interview that the girl had started the sexual communication between them.


  Defending Salisbury, who had no previous convictions, Dafydd Roberts asked if his custodial sentence could be suspended.


  He had not re-offended since this matter came to light, has been diagnosed with autism, and is the primary carer for his father, who supported him in court.


  Sentencing, Judge Niclas Parry told him: “It’s quite clear to me that you don’t understand how serious what you’ve done is,” to which Salisbury replied: “I do, sir”.


  Judge Parry added: “Well, let me tell you how serious it is – it’s so serious that only a prison sentence can be imposed.


  “She knew it was wrong. Despite her vulnerabilities, it was her who put a stop to this. She is so decent that she’s been worried about you.


  “It’s better, if possible, for the protection of young females, if work is done with you… (but) it’s going to be a tough 18 months.”


  Salisbury was also ordered to complete 45 days’ rehabilitation activity requirements and a 45-session programme, as well as 80 hours’ unpaid work.


  He will adhere to sex offenders register notification requirements, and a sexual harm prevention order, for 10 years, and will also pay a statutory surcharge.


  Judge Parry warned him: “If you reoffend in the next 18 months, you’re going down the steps.


  “Don’t mess up this opportunity I’m giving you, and take the support you’re going to be given.”


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
Comments are closed on this article
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.