BySteve Baltin
BySteve Baltin,
 Senior Contributor. 
Lucille Wenegieme, the new Executive Director of HeadCount
Regardless of your political affiliation, hopefully one thing we can all agree on is the importance of using your voice to vote. That is the message HeadCount has been using to register voters for the last 20 years.
The organization has utilized the power of music for two decades, teaming with the likes of Harry Styles, Billie Eilish, Ariana Grande, Jay-Z, Dave Matthews Band and countless others to register more than 1.25 million voters since being founded in 2004 by Andy Bernstein and Marc Brownstein.
With this being such a crucial election year, HeadCount has already begun the process of registering new voters, tabling at concerts and festivals (they were at this week’s South by Southwest in Austin). HeadCount has a busy 2024 planned, including collaborations with Fall Out Boy, Dead & Co., Mitski, Madison Beer, Portugal. The Man and more. In addition, HeadCount has signed on dozens of “ambassadors” to work with them on content and touring partnerships to sign up voters. Among the ambassadors are Bob Moses, Faye Webster, Maggie Rose, Johnnie Mikel, Flipturn and many more.
At the head of their ambitious 2024 is Executive Director Lucille Wenegieme, who started in her role last September. I spoke with her about the organizations 2024 plans, the importance of remaining non-partisan in appealing to voters, dreams of going on tour with music’s current big three (Beyonce, Taylor Swift and Eilish), and much more.
Steve Baltin: How long have you been with HeadCount? 
Lucille Wenegieme: In this role, I started mid-September. So, it's a little over five months now.
Baltin: Talk about jumping into the fire. I think there are a great deal of people on all sides who are incredibly disenfranchised. 
Wenegieme: Oh yes. We have a very big challenge ahead of us. It's sort of the best of times and the worst of times. I'm thinking about 2020. In 2020, that's when we, as an ecosystem, set the highest youth voter registration record and turnout record in history. So, it's the best of times in that we are coming off a presidential election where more young people than ever said that voting was a viable way for them to get their voices heard, which if you had told me that, I would [laughter] have been extremely surprised. But then, we have the rematch and a lot more apathy and a lot more distrust. So, the environment is very different to be working on this. And the rules are actively changing as well. How young people can access the ballot, where they can access the ballot, how long they have, the whole variety of things that we're trying to keep young people up to speed on and also keep them optimistic about. So, it's a tall order.
Baltin: How are you handling being five months into the job, seven months from an election that will literally define whether there's democracy?
Wenegieme: For us, it's a mix of doubling down on the things that we know we do really well. In 2020, we were the second highest voter registration organization that doesn't house its own tool. So, what we do really well is we have these peer-to-peer interactions with music fans and we turn them into voters. We get them registered and we talk to them very often, both digitally and in person, about voting. We know that when young people get registered with us, they vote at a higher rate as well. We know those interactions are priceless and of high value. So, we're continuing to do that. Our rigorous approach to non-partisanship is key. Young people can smell BS from a mile away. So, we're rigorous about saying we are not, have never been, over the course of our 20-year history, invested in making you vote a certain way. We are just here to tell you, to remind you, to empower you to have your voice heard. Showing up in those interactions is absolutely key. Then the second piece is around the digital programs, which started in 2020 as the venues were closed. What are we going to do? We figured out another meaningful way to engage with talent. We are partnering with high profile folks in the music industry and content creators and entertainers to offer one-of-a-kind experiences to get folks to check their voter registration. We know that a bunch of those young people will vote. We know that young people experience music in very different ways. We know that young people interact with music in a variety of different ways. They're not necessarily going out, buying the album, listening to it eight million times. They're streaming, they're hearing about new music on TikTok, although some of those are coming off the platform now. We've really strived to create that 360 experience. That's what 2024 is about for us. If you go somewhere out in the world, whether that's a music venue or a community event, you're going to see us in person there. We're going to get you registered. We're going to talk to you about voting. If you are on a platform interacting with your favorite artists on their social media platforms, you're also getting asked to register to vote and you're getting asked in a fun way that feels like you're connecting with your community. So that 360 experience is what we're focusing on. We're also partnering with other organizations in the space. We know that it's bigger than just us. As you mentioned, we are talking about the big project of democracy. So, what does it look like to empower young people at that national scale so that it's not just about the folks at the top of the ticket? It's about young people and the focus is moved back there through the lens of culture. So that's the big game plan. There's a bunch of small programs that feed into that, but that's the big idea.
Baltin: There are those few artists who dominate the media cycle. How do you align with the artists that move the needle?
Wenegieme: Yes, there are those few artists, you could probably name them on one hand, who are really the folks that can change the entire conversation in one go. What do we do if none of them show up? We've been at the festivals, we've been at the shows for 20 years. We keep a pretty packed festival schedule. We're looking to be at least at 50 this year in addition to touring with over 80 artists. That's our bread and butter and we're starting that season in March. That's our festival kickoff. We're going to be at South by Southwest in a couple weeks and that'll get us started for the spring into the summer and into the fall. We have some very interesting things cooked up with Dead & Co. We continue to engage legacy artists that have that fan base that's highly engaged, not just online, but also in person, these people who are really ravenous to engage. And Bobby Weir and the band have been extremely supportive of us, since the early days and so continuing to activate. We're in person. And festivals are really it for us. We get to interact with hundreds of people in a super compressed amount of time. And we get to be part of their live experience. When people spend months getting tickets to Coachella or Electric Forest, which tends to be our highest registered festival every year, Electric Forest. We have folks obviously that spend months making sure that they get there and hanging out with their friends and planning it out. They get there and we get to be part of this experience that they love, seeing artists that maybe they've seen before, discovering new artists, and we get to be a part of that. That's that intangible thing that I think leads to a lot of HeadCount success, because we know that, somebody can get registered with us at South by Southwest, and they actually show up in November, even though that's months later. Because they had this extremely good interaction with us in person during something that they really love. You really can't buy it.
Baltin: You mentioned Electric Forest being the highest registered festival. Are there artists that you’ve noticed generate the highest number of registrants?
Wenegieme: Yeah, I'll tell you, historically who we've worked with. We've worked with Billie [Eilish] before and she registered tens of thousands of voters with us in 2022. We've worked with Harry Styles before. He did the same. I believe it was 55,000 in 2022 as well. We've worked with Ariana Grande, but that was in 2019. So more in person than adding on the digital piece that we've gotten really good at too. When I'm thinking about somebody else who could be in that conversation about changing the game, I'm thinking about like a Kacey Musgraves. Somebody who is high profile, of course, but also has that fan connection. It's not just about volume, it's also about quality. It's about the connection between the artist and the fan. That's one artist. Hozier is another artist that when we're talking about artists that have this authentic community feel among their fan base, when we're talking about fans that are super engaged and you have an artist saying, “I care about this, you should care about it too,” and it actually means something. That's when the list gets longer of folks that obviously we're continuing to talk to, but those are just a couple that come to mind. We are also knocking on the doors of the top three. So if any of them happen to read Forbes, you definitely have emails from us [chuckle].
Baltin: I love Hozier. I've done so much with him over the years. He and I have spent a lot of time geeking out over [Bruce] Springsteen. So he's very aware of the social contract that artists have with fans.
Wenegieme: I'm glad that you mentioned the social contract. When we're thinking about Rock the Vote and, maybe the most recent generation, it is that social contract and reminding artists in particular, as they're starting to think about what their influence means, that it is a social contract. There is a contribution that you have in society and with your fans. There is a clean, easy way to have that impact. It doesn't have to be messy. I think sometimes folks think about their image in a way that can make this difficult. And this isn't difficult. This isn't hard. This is saying that we have a democracy and that young people should be a part of it. When we have those conversations with artists and management, bringing it down to that level and reminding folks that it really is that clear, that tends to be really effective for us. It gets people on board for all the fun stuff that you can do from there, whether that's registering tens of thousands of voters through a contest where folks get to fly to Harryween, or making a PSA, or throwing a concert.
Baltin: Music has always been a huge part of social change. As you're talking about that, people don't need to be partisan. Nor do they need to write protest songs. People can come in and use their social media platforms, can be way bigger than a song.
Wenegieme: Yeah, and that's always the holy grail when we talk to artists about this. Is that they come to the table the same way that we do. It's about co-creating this broader experience for their fans. It's not just, “Hey, we show up at these tour dates and we register.” It's not just, “Hey, you reposted a link and you've got people to do stuff.” It's how do you make that meaningful connection, create meaningful media and arts that are connected to social change and social impact. When artists are really down to do that, that's when the magic happens. Every interaction I have, when we're trying to collaborate with artists and management is, “How do we make this larger than life? How do we make this real? How do we make this visceral? How do we make this exciting?” The protest song model is definitely one of the ways in the past where it's like creating that anthem. That's absolutely still on the table. But now there are more levers to pull. Does that look like a campaign on social? Does that look like a shout out from stage? Does that look like an unexpected team up across genre? Where you create this echo chamber, this amplifying effect. There's just more we can do now because of social media to layer on and completely blow out of the water these experiences while also keeping the core. Musicians make music to be consumed in a whole variety of ways, not just online. That's why we continue to always bring it back to, what is the live experience? What is the connection? What is the magical thing that I can give a social media platform, a bunch of money in an ad campaign to produce for me? What is the core? And that that's always what we're coming to and what we're talking with artists about.
Baltin: How do you work with newer artists? 
Wenegieme: That is absolutely so much of what we do. It's easy to talk about the Ariana’s and the Harry’s, but most of the artists that we activate with are club level. So, we are talking about folks that are forming what their careers look like. They're building fan bases. They're trying to distinguish themselves in a variety of ways. Honestly, they're being so brave. They're like, ”Yes, at this stage of my career, I am tying myself to this work and this purpose.” It's extremely exciting. I'm thinking about Noah Kahan, who is somebody that we've worked with for a while now and who is starting to play those larger rooms. He continues to blossom as an artist and gain new fans. The Sofi Tukker’s of the world as well. We're on tour right now with Chappell Roan. We're getting to engage with her fans around our Vote With Pride campaign. So really, again it’s making that perfect match of, you as an artist, what are you into? What drives you? How can we make this exciting for you and your fans? That's absolutely something that we do. It's not just for the folks paying the biggest arenas. That's something we do for artists at a whole host of levels. We also have our ambassador program, which is another place for emerging artists to share voting tools, voting resources with their fans and to engage with us when we're out in the world at festivals to create content and things like that. That is realistically what takes up the most of our time and energy on any given day.
Baltin: What is the ambassador program and how do you find the artists you work with in that program?
Wenegieme: Our Ambassador program is really great. We've done it in a variety of ways over the years. But, 2024, it's really starting to hum and to sing. We are music lovers, like the people that are in our staff, our volunteer base. There are over 60,000 of us across the country. We are constantly trading recommendations of who we're listening to. Who's our hometown artist, who did we just see? We're never wanting for recommendations of artists that might be interested in engaging their fans in civic engagement. We usually pick somewhere between 25 and 50. By pick I mean we engage them and ask if they're up for it. That Ambassador program is a cohort of folks that agree to either make media with us, so share voting media on their platforms, come with us and create content out at festivals. So, if they're playing out at a place that we're at, we're creating media with them, for them and for their fans and for HeadCount followers about how to get engaged. Then depending on the size of the rooms that they're playing, we're also tabling their shows and registering voters in person there. So, the Ambassador program is our main way of engaging folks that are emerging artists playing smaller venues, and making sure that, A, we're banking on the next class of talent. But B, it takes all of us. It's not just the largest artist with the biggest influence. It's important for all of us to be a part of.