Shakira arrives for the 49th Annual Grammy Awards years back in Los Angeles. E! will play host to “Live from the Grammys Carpet” — a glitz and glam production that brims with plenty of star power, an eclectic mix of high style fashion coverage and chatty celebrity interviews — all beginning at 6 p.m. ET on Sunday, Feb. 4. (AP Photo/Matt Sayles)AP
Viewers are invited to celebrate “music’s biggest night” when the 2024 Grammy Awards, the 66th annual — which will honor music’s biggest stars, upcoming artists and features show-stopping live performances — airs live on Sunday, Feb. 4 from 8 to 11:30 p.m. ET and 5 to 8:30 p.m. PT from the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
In addition, and in true Grammy style, E! will play host to “Live from the Grammys Carpet” — a glitz and glam production that brims with plenty of star power, an eclectic mix of high style fashion coverage and chatty celebrity interviews.
According to E News, “Live From E!: Countdown to the Grammys” kicks off at 4 p.m. ET/1 p.m. PT on E! with co-hosts Zuri Hall, The Real Housewives of Atlanta’s Kandi Burruss and Zanna Roberts Rassi.
The panel will discuss the night’s biggest nominees and anticipate what all the stylish stars will be wearing when they arrive.
Then, at 6 p.m. ET/3 p.m. PT, E!’s “Live From E!: 2024 Grammys Show” hosted by Laverne Cox and comedian Heather McMahan kicks off with all the celebrities on the red carpet.
HOW TO STREAM ‘E! GRAMMY RED CARPET’ ONLINE FOR FREE
If you’re a cord-cutter or don’t have cable, you can watch “E! Grammy Red Carpet” online on any one of the following streaming platforms, and get it for free via a trial offer:
WHAT CHANNEL IS E! ON?
If you are watching on cable, catch “E! Grammy Red Carpet” on E!.
You can find which channel CBS is on by using the channel finders here: Verizon Fios, AT&T U-verse, Comcast Xfinity, Spectrum/Charter, Optimum/Altice, DIRECTV and Dish.
The Associated Press will also stream a three-hour red carpet show with interviews and fashion footage to be streamed on YouTube, Twitter and APNews.com.
HERE’S A LITTLE PREVIEW
On the E! Red Carpet show, panelists Zanna Roberts Rassi and Keltie Knight will provide real-time fashion reactions, behind the scenes stories and fun fashion facts.
The Glambot, a high-definition cinema camera attached to a high-speed robot arm, will also be returning to capture the stars on thi highly anticipated fashionable night.
Thanks to brand partner CÎROC, viewers tuning in to the “Live From E!: 2024 Grammy Awards” will learn how to make the CÎROC Limonata Spritz, as well as witness a moment with their brand ambassador and Grammy nominee Victoria Monét.
The festivities continue with a red-carpet tour as well as how to get glam ready with Zuri Hall provided across social platforms by the Wells Fargo Active Cash Credit Card.
2024 AWARDS SEASON
The 2024 awards season has been off to a hot start, with the Golden Globes and the 2024 Critics Choice Awards in January.
Technically the 2023 show, the Primetime Emmy Awards were also held in January. The show was delayed due to the writers strike.
And while the Grammys are music’s biggest night, still to come is Hollywood’s biggest night: the 2024 Academy Awards.
THE 2024 GRAMMY NOMINEES
The Grammy Awards announced last week that SZA and Victoria Monét lead the pack with nine and seven nods, respectively, while Taylor Swift is nominated for six.
Burna Boy, Luke Combs, Billie Eilish, Billy Joel, Dua Lipa, Olivia Rodrigo, Travis Scott, SZA and U2 have also been announced as performers.
Nominees Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, and Olivia Rodrigo will hit the stage at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards as the first batch of performers.
The three singers have won a combined 14 Grammys and are all up for Song of the Year at this year’s awards.
Billie Eilish is nominated for six Grammy awards this year, with “What Was I Made For?” up for Song of the Year, Dua Lipa is nominated for two Grammy awards with “Dance The Night” up for Song of the Year, and Olivia Rodrigo is nominated for six Grammy awards with “vampire” up for Song of the Year.
All but one nominee for Album of the Year are women.
Top nominees include SZA, who earned the most nods in nine categories, as well as Phoebe Bridgers, Serban Ghenea, and Victoria Monét, who earned seven nominations each. Jack Antonoff, Jon Batiste, boygenius, Brandy Clark, Miley Cyrus, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, and Taylor Swift all earned six nominations.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices