Let us know your top track of the year by voting in our poll.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	With 2024 coming to a close, we at Billboard shared our annual roundup of our top songs of the year on Thursday (Dec. 5).

	Coming in at No. 1 was Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us,” which was released May 4 amid the height of the rapper’s feud with Drake. The track topped countless Billboard charts, including the all-genre Hot 100, Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, US Rhythmic, Hot Rap Songs and Rap Streaming Songs.

	“Not like us? Not like us is the energy of who I am, the type of man I represent,” Lamar shared of the song in conversation with SZA for Harper’s Bazaar 2024 November Voices Issue. “Now, if you identify with the man that I represent . This man has morals, he has values, he believes in something, he stands on something. He’s not pandering.”

	He continued, “He’s a man who can recognize his mistakes and not be afraid to share the mistakes and can dig deep down into fear-based ideologies or experiences to be able to express them without feeling like he’s less of a man. If I’m thinking of ‘Not Like Us,’ I’m thinking of me and whoever identifies with that.”

	










	The rest of the top 10 include, in descending order, Chappell Roan’s “Good Luck, Babe!,” Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso,” Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather,” Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” Charli XCX’s “Girl So Confusing” with Lorde, Beyoncé’s “Bodyguard,” Addison Rae’s “Diet Pepsi,” Tommy Richman’s “Million Dollar Baby” and Taylor Swift’s “Fortnight” with Post Malone.




			Trending on Billboard		






	We’ve told you our favorites, and now it’s time for you to tell us your top track. Check out all 100 songs we chose for our best songs of 2024 here, and vote between the top 10 here and below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.