Virgin Radio
16 Aug 2024, 09:45
Credit: Virgin Radio
He hosted the The Late Late Show in America for eight years, so it’s no surprise that James Corden has got plenty of abiding memories.
The Gavin & Stacey star presented The Late Late Show with James Corden on CBS from 2015 to 2023, before returning to the UK.
Joining the Chris Evans Breakfast Show, James said: “Going to Liverpool with Paul McCartney was an extraordinary day that I'll never forget, ever. That was nuts.”
------------------------------------
DON'T MISS:
Celebrity Race Across The World 2024 begins and viewers have already chosen their favourite team
Richard Osman poses with Hollywood legend on The Thursday Murder Club set
McFly’s Tom Fletcher says new Paddington musical ‘is going to make people cry’
------------------------------------
Explaining that often “you only really enjoy things retrospectively… but at the time you were kind of stressed,” the award-winning writer and actor said: “That day, I was like, ‘This is fun. This is a pinch yourself [moment].’ Driving down Penny Lane with Paul McCartney, going into all those things, ending with that concert. It was amazing.”
He also said that “Jumping out of an aeroplane with Tom Cruise” was “incredible” and “really, really, really special.”
Thinking back to more highlights, James went back to the very first show. “We recreated Tom Hanks' film career in seven minutes. And that became a thing, and that really landed,” he said. “And then the next day, we put out the Carpool Karaoke with Mariah Carey. And then the day after that, I can't remember what went out in the third show. And then a week later, we did a thing where we just turned up at someone's house and did an entire show from this person's house, and they didn't know. And so that's the thing that I probably miss the most.
“We didn't have the benefit of time, and we didn't have an audience, and we hadn't come off Saturday Night Live or The Daily Show. We knew we had to sort of come out the blocks fast.”
Recalling other lifelong memories, the Smithy actor said: “We played dodge ball with Michelle Obama and a crazy group of people. I was lucky enough to spend, like, 45 minutes in the Oval Office with President Biden, filming a skit. That was nuts. He did a message for me on my last show, which I didn't know about.
“Just the whole time you're like, ‘It's crazy. This is all nuts.’” 
As well as personal highlights there were also plenty of moments that James is “immensely proud of” from The Late Late Show. “We were the first TV show Billie Eilish ever came on. We were the first TV show that Khalid ever came on. And, you know, we did a week of shows with Harry Styles and a week of shows with Ed Sheeran.”
He added: “It was all just a blast, but that's why it's great to leave those things.”
James and his family moved back to the UK in 2023.  “Six, seven months ago, [my wife] said, ‘God, isn't it weird that we're just… back?’ And I said, ‘It's not weird that we're back.’ I said ‘It's weird that we ever went. That's the thing. It's nuts that we ever went. It's crazy that we had such an adventure!’”
James also revealed whether he and Ruth knew what Smithy’s answer would be when Nessa proposed to him, when writing the Gavin & Stacey cliffhanger. Read about it here.
Find out why James “almost crashed” while listening to Chris’ show here.
Chris returns from his summer holiday on Monday 19th August. For more great interviews listen to The Chris Evans Breakfast Show weekdays from 6:30am on Virgin Radio, or catch up on-demand here.
Advertisement
You’ve likely heard Benson Boone playing over the airwaves recently, but who is he, where is he...
Philip Glenister has described the cancelled Life on Mars sequel as a “mixed blessing” after being...
National comedy treasure Al Murray has opened up about parenting and grandparenting
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit