The pop star opened up about fame and her personal life in a 'Rolling Stone' cover story on Wednesday, April 24
Aidan Zamiri
 Billie Eilish is "happier than ever" when she can decompress.

 In a cover story interview with Rolling Stone, the pop star, 22, opened up about her favorite way to decompress — sex.

 “I basically talk about sex any time I possibly can," she told the outlet. "That’s literally my favorite topic. My experience as a woman has been that it’s seen in such a weird way. People are so uncomfortable talking about it, and weirded out when women are very comfortable in their sexuality and communicative in it. I think it’s such a frowned-upon thing to talk about, and I think that should change."

 Eilish continued: "You asked me what I do to decompress? That s--- can really, really save you sometimes, just saying. Can’t recommend it more, to be real.”

Aidan Zamiri
 The "Ocean Eyes" singer also revealed how masturbation has helped her become more confident.

 “TMI, but self-pleasure is an enormous, enormous part of my life, and a huge, huge help for me,” Eilish said. “People should be jerking it, man. I can’t stress it enough, as somebody with extreme body issues and dysmorphia that I’ve had my entire life.”

 She added that she enjoys pleasuring herself "in front of a mirror."

 “Partly because it’s hot, but it also makes me have such a raw, deep connection to myself and my body, and have a love for my body that I have not really ever had,” Eilish said. “I got to say, looking at yourself in the mirror and thinking ‘I look really good right now’ is so helpful."

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

Rolling Stone
 Part of what makes it so enjoyable to her is how she "can manufacture the situation" to your liking.

 "You can make the light super dim, you can be in a specific outfit or in a specific position that’s more flattering," Eilish told the publication. I have learned that looking at myself and watching myself feel pleasure has been an extreme help in loving myself and accepting myself, and feeling empowered and comfortable.”

 The nine-time Grammy winner concluded: “I should have a Ph.D. in masturbation."

Aidan Zamiri
 Earlier this month, Eilish announced her third album, Hit Me Hard and Soft.

 Instead of sharing singles ahead of the release as she did for her past two albums, 2019's When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? and 2021's Happier Than Ever, the "Bad Guy" artist will share the 10-track project all at once.

 Hit Me Hard and Soft will be released on May 17.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)