Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Elizabeth Debicki in Oscar de la Renta, Quinta Brunson in Georges Hobeika and Colman Domingo in Valentino were among those who ranked high among the most talked-about looks at Sunday night's event. 

							By 

	Laurie Brookins

Freelance Contributor

	Santa Monica Airport’s Barker Hangar is no stranger to events both starry and stylish, and on Sunday, Jan. 14, the 2024 Critics Choice Awards joined that list, offering up a plethora of high fashion amid the trophies determined by the voting body consisting of digital, print and broadcast journalists. 

	A variety of fashion trends carried over from the 2024 Golden Globe Awards, notably in the crimson-hued dresses worn by Dua Lipa, Abby Elliott and others. Rose details, seen on the custom Balmain gown worn by Margot Robbie, as well as with the rosettes that cascaded down the shoulder of Emily Blunt’s Giorgio Armani Privé gown were also notable. New trends that emerged at the 29th Critics Choice Awards included black as the dominant color in gowns, such as Angela Bassett’s Pamella Roland design or best actress winner Emma Stone’s custom Louis Vuitton. But voluminous white looks also ruled the carpet, including Greta Gerwig’s Molly Goddard dress and Keri Russell’s artful gown by Stéphane Rolland. Evening trousers and jumpsuits proved popular, including Allison Williams in Zuhair Murad and best supporting actress winner Ayo Edebiri in a slouchy-chic suit from The Row.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Far East Film Festival: Yihui Shao's Feminist Drama 'Her Story' Wins Top Prize		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					The Hottest New Timepieces from Watches & Wonders, from a Brand-New Rolex to the IWC Brad Pitt Wears in 'F1		
			








	The men in attendance likewise worked a wide spectrum of styles, from the relaxed open-collar look of Ryan Gosling’s all-white Gucci to the classic black two-button Giorgio Armani tuxedo worn by Brendan Fraser — with many layers of sartorial interpretation in between. 

	Below, The Hollywood Reporter narrowed the night’s best-dressed stars to just 10 looks. 

	An early arrival on the Critics Choice Awards red carpet, Abbott Elementary creator and star Quinta Brunson looked equal parts elegant and on-trend in this sheer sleeveless gown with a lush silver floral embroidery from Georges Hobeika haute couture. The skirt is just sheer enough to play into the naked-dress trend, but in a decidedly subtle way, partly thanks to that gorgeous embroidery. Brunson paired the look with diamonds by Nicole Rose Jewelry and Christian Louboutin’s Movida Jane platform sandal. 

	Not everyone can pull off the standup pleats adorning the necklines of many gowns sent down the runways these days, but Celia Gooding, a best supporting actress nominee for Star Trek: Strange New Worlds, carried it with ease. Her black silk crepe column gown with oversized tulle ruffle detailing is from Pamella Roland’s Pre-Fall 2023 collection, paired with diamonds by Ritique, Ashaha and Lionheart. 

	










	She won a Critics Choice Award for playing one of the most famous and stylish women of the 20th century, but Elizabeth Debicki long ago established her own fashion bona fides. Taking home a best supporting actress trophy for her role as Princess Diana in The Crown, the actress exuded standout style in a look from the Oscar de la Renta Pre-Fall 2024 collection, consisting of a crystal-embroidered top with bow-tied waistline and high-waisted trousers, finished with jewels by Dior and shoes by Betsey Johnson.  

Fargo‘s Lamorne Morris paired a sleek black tux from Spring 2024 by Dolce & Gabbana, consisting of the label’s Sicilia-fit jacket with peak lapels and off-center buttons and coordinating trousers, with a pair of vintage diamond brooches by Jewels Aficionado. 

	If any designer excels at a beautifully sculpted gown, it’s Giorgio Armani, and Maestro best actress nominee Carey Mulligan wore it to perfection. Her custom Armani Privé black silk velvet gown featured a plunging neckline and bodice details embroidered with diminutive black crystals. Mulligan’s look was finished with platinum and diamond jewels by Tiffany & Co., including a pair of earrings circa 1950-60 from the house’s archives. 

	Among the sharpest-dressed men at the Critics Choice Awards was Tom Holland, a nominee for best actor in a limited series or TV movie for The Crowded Room. Holland’s combination of a brown techno-stretch double-breasted jacket and waistcoat with a begonia poplin shirt and black silk-faille tie, all by Prada, caused a flurry of social-media conversation for its crisp tailoring and peacock-influenced hues. Black brushed-leather boots, also by Prada, finished the look. 

	










	A best actor nominee for Rustin, Colman Domingo is on track to become a 2024 red-carpet MVP, if the Golden Globes and Critics Choice Awards are any indication. On Sunday, Domingo said he “felt like a king” in his Valentino Haute Couture look, consisting of a mustard-yellow suit with pale blue shirt, but it was the lush tweed coat Domingo wore on his shoulders that caught everyone’s eye. He finished the look with gold and diamond jewels by Bulgari and Christian Louboutin’s William boot in gold calf leather. 

	Best song nominee — for “What Was I Made For?” from Barbie — Billie Eilish is known for her forward-thinking style, which looked wholly polished in this look by Thom Browne, consisting of a round-collar shirtdress that extended to ankle length and was topped by a demi-cup bodice with exposed seam binding and low-rise pencil skirt, both in black mohair, finished with Browne’s leather brogues and Calidor sunglasses by Oliver Peoples. 

	From its empire styling to the inclusion of pockets, there was a wonderful ease about the Chanel strapless sheath dress in plum-toned silk worn by Julianne Moore, a best supporting actress nominee for May December. A look from the house’s Fall 2020/21 haute-couture collection, the dress highlighted a Byzantine-style brooch at the neckline, while Moore also wore Chanel high jewelry in gold, diamonds, yellow sapphires and rock crystal.  

	










	Fashion should be fun, and no one exemplified that idea better than Danielle Brooks, a best supporting actress nominee for The Color Purple. Star stylist Jennifer Austin secured a fanciful pink tulle gown with a dramatic black satin bow from Monsoori, the Bahrain-based label that’s also outfitted Keke Palmer, Cameron Dove and Beyoncé. Brooks twirled on the red carpet in her lighter-than-air gown and looked like she was loving every second of it. Diamonds by Norman Silverman and Graziela finished her look. 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.