Alec Baldwin portrays Fox News anchor Bret Baier in a "Saturday Night Live" skit Saturday, Oct. 19, 2024. (NBC video still)NBC
Surprise! Alec Baldwin returned to “Saturday Night Live” over the weekend, but not as former President Donald Trump.
The former “30 Rock” star appeared in the cold open of “SNL” as Fox News anchor Bret Baier, spoofing his recent interview with Democratic presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris (played by Maya Rudolph).
“Good evening, I’m Bret Baier,” Baldwin said. “And to clear the air, yes, I do look like someone made a businessman in ‘Minecraft.’”
Baldwin repeatedly interrupted Rudolph, who insisted as Harris that she was trying to tell him her plan if she wins the 2024 election.
“I’m trying to listen,” Baldwin said.
“Then stop talking,” Rudolph responded.
“I don’t know how,” he said.
Baldwin previously won an Emmy for playing Trump on multiple “SNL” episodes between 2016 and 2020. Baldwin most recently made a cameo in November 2023 for a Calm sleep app skit with Timothee Chalamet; “SNL” cast member James Austin Johnson took over playing Trump in 2021.
Other highlights from Saturday’s episode included an Uber game show, a Menendez brothers gag on “Weekend Update,” musical guest Billie Eilish and a Halloween cookies skit with host Michael Keaton, who previously co-starred with Baldwin in the 1988 movie “Beetlejuice.” Baldwin did not appear in the 2024 sequel, “Beetlejuice Beetlejuice,” and next appears in the controversial film “Rust,” which was postponed by the fatal on-set shooting of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins.
MORE BUZZ:
Buzz is a daily roundup of entertainment news about movies, TV, music and celebrities.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices