By CAROLINA PIRAS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  13:47, 5 January 2024   |  Updated:  13:52, 5 January 2024   
 20
View  comments
Emma Stone was the epitome of class as she won a Desert Palm Achievement award at the 35th Palm Springs International Film Festival Film Awards on Thursday.
The La La Land actress, 35, was quite the star of the night after collecting the prize for her performance on Yorgos Lanthimos' latest film Poor Things - which she also produced.
The Spider-Man alum exuded grace in an elaborate Louis Vuitton black sequinned robe, teamed with a white silk shirt with a black tie.
She complete her look with black wide-leg silk trousers and gave herself a few extra inches with minimalist black strappy heels.
Emma added more glitz to her ensemble with dazzling gold brooches and a small pair of silver hoop earrings.
Emma Stone was the epitome of class in a black sequinned robe as she won a Desert Palm Achievement award at the 35th Palm Springs International Film Festival on Thursday
The La La Land sensation, 35, was quite the star of the night after collecting the prize for her performance on Yorgos Lanthimos' latest film Poor Things - which she also produced
The Spider-Man alum exuded grace as she completed her elegant ensemble with a white silk tie with gleaming beads and a long black tie
She attended the annual film event alongside director Yorgos as the duo were captured posing up a storm together.
The Greek director, 50, previously directed Emma in the critically lauded movie The Favourite (2018) and 2022's short film Bleat before working together for the third time on Poor Things.
The pair posed for a group picture alongside others stars of the cast including Willem Dafoe and Mark Ruffalo, as they all appeared in jovial spirits.
Later on in the event, the Superbad actress took to the stage to accept her Desert Palm Achievement award - one of the most coveted honors.
The prize was presented and formally given to her by Mark, 56, who plays Duncan Wedderburn in Poor Things, and Hollywood legend Willem, 68, as they all praised her.
The star appeared emotional as she expressed her gratitude for that special moment.
Talking to the crowd as she accepted the award, Emma said:  'I'm grateful that I get to keep trying new things and for the opportunity to make choices when it comes to work because I know how rare and fleeting it can be to choose what you want to do, or who you want to work with, as an actor.
The elaborately sequinned monochrome robe from Louis Vuitton gave a further classy touch
The Cruella star sported black wide-leg silk trousers and teamed them with conventional black strappy heels, flaunting a flawless pedicure
Emma channelled an Old Hollywood style with her trademark red hair teased into a silkily wavy do, and added small diamond earrings
Her gorgeous features were boosted by a subtle make-up including eyeliner and a watermelon red lipstick
The Academy Award-winner looked radiant, giving plenty of cheerful smiles to the camera as she posed with her award
'I was not always sure that that would be the case, because when I first moved to L.A., I went to one of those general meetings that they sometimes send you to. 
'An executive told me that for male actors, it's a marathon, not a sprint, and in his eyes, for women, it was a sprint, not a marathon.' 
'That was 20 years ago, and I realised that advice is total garbage because the majority of the women that I look up to in this industry, many of whom are in this room, have proven that as time goes on, life and work only get more interesting and more fulfilling,' Emma went on as she was praised with a round of applause. 
The Arizona-born actress continued discussing her challenging role in Poor Things as Bella Baxter, saying it was unlike anything she'd ever read in 'a woman who is immune to external expectations and impervious to judgment and shame'.
She went on: 'Playing Bella was challenging because I had to try to unlearn those aspects in myself, and it also made her an absolute joy to play. To make this film has been a highlight of my life, mainly thanks to a true creative soulmate,' she sang the praises of film director Yorgos.
Emma discussed her role as Bella Baxter in Poor Things, saying it was unlike anything she'd ever read in 'a woman who is immune to external expectations'
She attended the annual film event alongside director Yorgos as the duo were captured beaming down the lenses
The pair also posed for a group picture alongside others stars of the cast including Willem Dafoe and Mark Ruffalo, as they all appeared in jovial spirits
Later on in the event, the Superbad actress took to the stage to accept her Desert Palm Achievement award - one of the most coveted honors
The prize was presented and formally given to her by Mark, 56, who plays Duncan Wedderburn in Poor Things, alongside Hollywood legend Willem, 68, as they all acclaimed her
Talking to the crowd as she accepted the award, Emma said: 'I'm grateful that I get to keep trying new things and for the opportunity to make choices when it comes to work because I know how rare and fleeting it can be to choose what you want to do, or who you want to work with, as an actor'
'That was 20 years ago, and I realised that advice is total garbage because the majority of the women that I look up to in this industry, many of whom are in this room, have proven that as time goes on, life and work only get more interesting and more fulfilling,' Emma went on as she was praised with a round of applause
'Playing Bella was challenging because I had to try to unlearn those aspects in myself, and it also made her an absolute joy to play,' she said
'I hope for many more years of the chance to take swings and to try new things and to keep this marathon going,' she finished off before leaving the stage.
But the glitzy night brought more surprises for fans of the actress, as Emma opened up about the long-awaited sequel to her 2021 smash hit Cruella, confirming it's still happening when she was asked by Variety for an update. 
The Easy A star won rave reviews for her portrayal of 101 Dalmatians villain Cruella de Vil in the 2021 prequel film Cruella.
Just a month after it hit theaters, Disney officially confirmed that a sequel is happening, with Emma closing her deal to return two months later.
It went on to gross $235.5million worldwide from a budget estimated to be $100million during its summer 2021 theatrical run. 
When asked when the sequel would start shooting, Emma said, 'You tell me. Hopefully it's sooner rather than later.'
The star was asked if she's seen a script for the sequel quite yet, and she admitted it's a, 'work in progress kind of thing going on.'
On the night, Emma opened up about the long-awaited sequel to her 2021 smash hit Cruella, confirming it's still happening when she was asked by Variety for an update on the sequel 
Emma won rave reviews for her portrayal of 101 Dalmatians villain Cruella de Vil in the 2021 prequel film Cruella
Both Cruella director Craig Gillespie (I, Tonya) and screenwriter Tony McNamara (Poor Things) are expected to return for the sequel, but there has been little movement on the project since
'Yeah, we'll see what happens,' she said, as she was asked, 'How much do you want to revisit that?' 
'It's a blast. She's a blast. So yeah, we'll see. It's a very... it's a work in progress,' Stone admitted.
Both Cruella director Craig Gillespie (I, Tonya) and screenwriter Tony McNamara (Poor Things) are expected to return for the sequel, but there has been little movement on the project since
Disney hasn't set a release date for Cruella 2 yet, nor have they announced any sort of production schedule. 
Vanguard Award:  Killers Of The Flower Moon
 Desert Palm Achievement Award: Emma Stone - Poor Things
Emma Stone took one of the most coveted honors - Desert Palm Achievement Award- for her work in Poor Things
 Desert Palm Achievement Award: Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer
 Breakthrough Performance Award: Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers
 Director of the Year Award: Greta Gerwig - Barbie
Career Achievement Award: Jeffrey Wright - American Fiction
 International Star Award: Carey Mulligan - Maestro
Spotlight Award: Colman Domingo - Rustin
Spotlight Award: Danielle Brooks - The Color Purple
Danielle Brooks was recognized as she was given the Spotlight Award for her mesmerizing performance in The Color Purple
Chairman's Award: Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell - Barbie
Icon Award: Paul Giammati - The Holdovers 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group