By 

	Tomás Mier


	After Barbie‘s awards season promo run, we’re kinda Barbie‘d out, but an exception will be made for Miss Kelly Clarkson!

	On Thursday, the singer and talk show host performed the Oscar-winning song “What Was I Made For?” and gave the Billie Eilish track her own twist by adding some Clarkson-esque high notes with sweet moments from My Band Y’all’s pianist and guitarist.

	“Think I forgot how to be happy/Something I’m not, but something I can be,” Clarkson sang. “Something I wait for/Something I’m made for.”

	“What Was I Made For?” won big at several awards shows this year. The track earned Eilish the Grammys for Song of the Year and Best Song Written for Visual Media, Best Original Song at the Golden Globes, and the Oscar for Best Original Song.

	“I had a nightmare about this last night,” Eilish said as she accepted the Oscar. “I just didn’t think this would happen. I wasn’t expecting this. I feel so incredibly lucky and honored.”

	










	“I’m grateful for this song and this movie and the way it made me feel,” she added.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Clarkson is an Eilish fan and previously said she “wished she could’ve written” her track “Happier Than Ever,” which she included on her 2022 Kellyoke covers EP. Rolling Stone even ranked her cover of the song as the second-best Kellyoke rendition.

	“You can feel Clarkson seething during her performance, and it’s what turns the song into a rock opera of her own making,” read a review by Ilana Kaplan.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.