Manage your account
With the U.S. Presidential election now just 69 days away, the electronic music community is more forcefully entering the conversation with a new initiative from Rave The Vote and Headcount.
As part of a new initiative, a lineup’s worth of dance artists will help provide a free bundle of music to people who check their voter registration status via the non-partisan voter registration organization Head Count.
More from Billboard
Swifties for Kamala Harris Aren’t Waiting Around for Taylor Swift’s Endorsement to Take Action
You Weren't the Only One: DNC Exec Producer Says Even His Staff Thought Beyoncé Was Going to Pop Out
Donald Trump Had Permission to Play Foo Fighters' 'My Hero' at Rally, Campaign Says
Participants will receive the downloadable bundle by checking their voter registration status via this link and opting in to text reminders about voting. Participants will receive the treasure trove of dance music in late September.
The batch of tracks and mixes includes work by artists including Tokimonsta, Carl Craig, Seth Troxler, Ardalan, Walker & Royce, Rochelle Jordan, Mary Droppinz, Life On Planets, Baby Weight, DJ E-Clyps and Hercules & Love Affair.
“Dance music in America is bigger than ever, it’s crucial that our community gets out and votes, and ensures its voice is heard,” Rave the Vote organizers say in a statement. “There is a lot at stake in this election, and we need dance music fans to show up and vote for values that are synonymous with our culture; peace, love, unity and respect.”
“Partnering with Rave the Vote is a fantastic opportunity to connect the vibrant energy of dance music with the power of voting,” adds Lucille Wenegieme, Executive Director of HeadCount. “We’re thrilled to join forces in this effort to engage fans and inspire them to make their voices heard at the polls. Music and democracy go hand in hand, and with the support of these incredible artists, we’re confident that we’ll see a strong turnout and a real impact in this year’s elections.”
Launched in 2020, Rave the Vote is a collaborative project headed by Infamous PR. Since 2004, HeadCount has registered over 1.2 million voters through work with artists including Harry Styles, Lizzo, Dead & Company, Billie Eilish and more.
Best of Billboard
Kelly Clarkson, Michael Buble, Pentatonix & Train Will Bring Their Holiday Hits to iHeart Christmas Concert
Fox Plans NFT Debut With $20 'Masked Singer' Collectibles
14 Things That Changed (or Didn’t) at Farm Aid 2021