The resemblance is wild.
Getty
 Daisy Sudeikis is all grown up and looking just like her famous dad. 

 On Wednesday, Daisy, who is the 7-year-old daughter of actors Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis, made a very rare appearance on her mom's Instagram, and her resemblance to Sudeikis is absolutely uncanny. In the candid photo, Daisy can be seen outdoors while looking down and away from the camera, as her long, dirty blonde hair tumbled past her shoulders. Despite the obscure angle of the photo, it's still obvious that Daisy has taken after her dad when it comes to her looks—from the shape of her eyes to her cheekbones. 

Olivia Wilde Instagram
 Wilde captioned the snapshot simply, adding just a fairy emoji. 

 Exes Wilde and Sudeikis, who called off their engagement in 2020 after nine years together, are also parents to a son, 10-year-old Otis Alexander. Back in January, the Booksmart director adorably revealed that the former couple's two children are her "best friends" while speaking with People.

Getty
 “They're so great. They're huge and they're so healthy and happy,” Wilde said of Daisy and Otis. “I already feel like they're giant teenagers, but we're having a lot of fun. They're my best friends.” She added, “We have so much fun. They're so active. They're musicians and they're athletes and they're just cool. They both play drums and they sing and we just have a great time. We're a big karaoke family.”

 As for the Wilde-Sudeikis clan's go-to songs? "Right now we have a lot of Taylor Swift happening in our house," Wilde said. "It's wall-to-wall Taylor and Olivia Rodrigo and Billie Eilish. And now Daisy has brought in Dua Lipa."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)