When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The Golden Globes red carpet kicked off awards season in style, with the likes of Taylor Swift, Jennifer Lopez, Dua Lipa and Natalie Portman donning their finest designer dresses for the occasion.
While there were some epic looks, none stood out to me quite as much as Margot Robbie's hot pink sequin gown and ruffle cape, custom made by Armani Privé.
The actor, who was nominated for her role in Great Gerwig's Barbie, stayed in character for the evening, since her dress was inspired by the beloved doll.
As with the film's press tour, where designers re-imagined a certain Barbie for each of Margot's looks, Armani took inspiration from 1977's 50th anniversary SuperStar Barbie.
According to the packaging, Barbie entered the 'dazzling superstar era, wowing fans with dazzling fashions and hairstyles' and was one of the 'glitziest' looks ever, thanks to a pink satin gown and a ruffle boa.
Armani re-imagined this iconic look with hand-sewn sequins and a tulle boa, reminiscent of his AW22 Haute Couture show which also featured plenty of pink. You can see a detailed video below.
A post shared by Giorgio Armani
A photo posted by giorgioarmani on 
Later that evening, Margot changed into an identical look, this time all in black. We can expect some more Barbie-inspired looks as the movie carries on sweeping awards season.
Celebrity news, beauty, fashion advice, and fascinating features, delivered straight to your inbox!
While the actor narrowly missed out on a gong (Emma Stone won instead for her performance in Poor Things), Barbie did win the Cinematic and Box Office Achievement Award while Billie Eilish won Original Song with What Was I Made For?
Penny Goldstone is the Contributing Fashion Editor at Marie Claire UK. She writes about catwalk trends and the latest high street and Instagram sartorial must-haves. She also helms the Women Who Win franchise. 
She has worked in fashion for over 10 years, contributing to publications such as Cosmopolitan, Red, Good Housekeeping, and Stylist.  

Welcome to the jungle 


The revival of a mid-century classic


How to get the look


Award-season magpies; rejoice


A vision in Valentino


See who wore what at the 2024 Golden Globes


Marie Claire UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.