By 

	Chris Willman

Senior Music Writer and Chief Music Critic

	If you’re lining up for Record Store Day Black Friday 2024, you may be experiencing just a little whiff of Record Store Day Black Friday 2023 deja vu. That’s because last year at this time, if you did a survey of people waiting in the cold to see the exclusive vinyl titles they were most interested in (and we did), the answers were Olivia Rodrigo and Noah Kahan. Flash forward a year, and the artists with the hottest RSD-BF releases may be… Rodrigo and Kahan.

	The fact that artists with such strong younger-demo appeal are making it a tradition to put out exclusives for these semi-annual events is a good confirmation that RSD isn’t just for the classic-rock crowd anymore. But if you’re of a certain venerated age or inclination, don’t worry, the youth of America will not be completely taking over your local indie shop… not when the 2024 titles include covetable releases from other returning RSD favorites like U2, Joni Mitchell, the Doors, Bill Evans, the Beatles and the Grateful Dead.

	Will the lines be any lighter because of the cross-town competition from Target, which has its own exclusive Black Friday vinyl release, in the form of a deluxe edition of Taylor Swift’s “The Tortured Poets Department”? Maybe just a little, but we suspect a lot of vinyl aficionados will be making two stops. And if your main interest is not so much in Swift as, say, tortured jazzers, you may be glad for what line alleviation you can get.

	Here’s a lineup of 20 RSD items we were able to preview and particularly recommend this time around. But if you don’t care about our best bets and just want a full rundown of this year’s releases, in alphabetical order by artist, scroll down and we’ve got that too. (You can also go to Record Store Day’s website for more details on all 158 releases or find a list of participating independent stores.)

(LP, brown vinyl, 15,000 copies)The description for the color of Kahan’s LP is “tiger-eye brown,” but we prefer to look at the pleasing shade of vinyl here as “coffee-stained,” because there’s something about Vermont in winter that suggests a lot of cups of joe are in order. A lot of cups of Kahan, too. The singer-songwriter closed out his “Stick Season” era by digitally issuing eight alternate versions of songs from that album with all-star duet partners. For the first time, those eight digital tracks have been collected in a physical-media release, so this exclusive is a one-stop shopping source for “Dial Drunk” with Post Malone, “Call Your Mom” with Lizzy McAlpine, “She Calls Me Back” with Kacey Musgraves, “Northern Attitude” with Hozier, “Everywhere, Everything” with Gracie Abrams, “Homesick” with Sam Fender, “You’re Gonna Go Far” with Brandi Carlile, and “Paul Revere” with Gregory Alan Isakov.

(4-LP boxed set, black vinyl, 5,000 copies)

	Doors live releases for Record Store Day have been a fairly common event, but for some reason, the keepers of the legacy waited until now to put out a vinyl version of one of the group’s most coveted shows, a 1970 gig that happened to not only have a superior audio capture but to be the longest set the band ever had recorded. So you will have to do a lot of flipping if you pick this up — no, not flipping in the instant-markup sense (although there may be some of that, if this sells out fast), but in the sense that it takes eight sides to translate the entire transfixing gig. This show did get one prior release, as a very limited-edition Rhino Handmade CD in the year 2000. There are four LPs’ worth of reasons why the show continues to loom in legend, from the fact that John Sebastian shows up to sit in on an unusual amount of blues covers to a rare, side-long reading of “The End.” The last Doors RSD release, of a Bakersfield live album, had a great performance that was worth dealing with some so-so audio quality to hear. On this one, though? You get it all.

(5000 copies, on green vinyl)As pretty much everyone does nowadays, Musgraves followed the release of her latest album, “Deeper Well” — which Variety previously heralded as one of the year’s best albums — with a deluxe digital version that appended a good number of bonus studio tracks. None of those seven extra songs showed up in any physical format until this RSD exclusive vinyl pressing of the “Deeper Into the Wells” extras. All of those songs are grouped together on one side of the LP, while Side 2 contains a “20-minute woodland sound experience” — basically, some ambient guitar picking with bonus crickets. The likewise woods-colored vinyl comes in a jacket within a clear slipcase, in case you want to pull it out and just stare at Musgraves’ face without the lettering overlay. While Musgraves generally made the right choices in which songs to put on the standard album and which to hold back for bonuses, it’s lovely to have this addendum to live just a little more in that universe, and there are some real keepers here — especially the closing “Irish Goodbye,” which lets us know that even Kacey Musgraves can be heartbreakingly ghosted. 

(20,000 copies on black-and-red marble vinyl)U2 has called this collection of outtakes from the 20-year-old “How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb” a “shadow album.” If they had been recording and releasing the original release in the modern age, they would’ve just released all of these 10 bonus tracks as part of a deluxe digital release the day after the standard release came out. But because that was not how folks thought back in the day, it took two decades for most of these tracks to come out. Fans already heard the material as of a week ago, when it was issues as part of a nine-LP “Atomic Bomb” boxed set, and the response was enthusiastic. Most people won’t be able to afford that larger set, of course, but even those who can will be keen to have this collection as a stand-alone vinyl release, as if another proper album has been added to the canon while we hit the seven-year mark since U2’s last proper new album. 

(5000 copies, on black vinyl)Solo Joni is a remarkable thing, and in the tradition of the “Blue” demos that Rhino recently gave us as a stand-along vinyl LP exclusive for a previous Record Store Day, they’ve now done the same for “Hejira.” These versions have Mitchell and her guitar alone in the studio, save for one vocal cameo by pal Chaka Khan. Serious fans will already own a copy of this material in CD or download form, as it came out earlier this year in those formats as part of the “Joni Mitchell Archives, Vol. 4” boxed set. But once again, it makes for a swell stand-alone release to slap onto the turntable… and they always come up with lovely covers for these breakout pieces. The only regret is the absence of liner notes, although if you’re that concerned for editorial context, you probably already own the CD box. 

(LP, black vinyl, 25,000 copies)While some of you were dismissing her as a kid and not looking, Eilish has quietly turned into one of the best vocalists of her generation. So there is nothing but pleasure to be had in a variant of her third full album, “HIt Me Hard and Soft,” that strips away every accoutrement Finneas had to layer over that voice, leaving just the artist’s lead and backing lines. Yes, the punch is even softer. It came out once before, briefly, as a digital download that was briefly put on sale exclusively in her own webstore, but this is the first and only physical edition, exclusively for RSD Black Friday. It’s easy to distinguish from the original album release in your collection by way of its inverted version of the album cover. Don’t be surprised if this suddenly starts becoming your go-to version — Eilish all by herself is a more-than-OK chorale.

(30,000 copies, on red-and-purple marble vinyl)The bonus tracks attached to Rodrigo’s sophomore album, “Guts,” have been on quite a journey. First, they appeared one at a time, unbilled, on separate variants of the LPs of that release. Then they were collected together as an EP exclusively for last year’s Record Store day event. Then slightly remixed versions all got packaged together with the original album for a two-LP set that came out via her webstore. This RSD release is a variant of that previous variant, coming out in a gatefold jacket with a purple sleeve, pressed on red and purple vinyl. A subsequent edition will be released to retail next year, with different packaging, ensuring this one maintains its exclusivity. Keeping track of the different ways this material has been collated is fun, but the important thing is just to make sure you access the four extra tracks in some form — they’re as good as the core album.

(double LP, black vinyl, 1,500 copies) 

	The Blasters were one of the greatest things to come out of Los Angeles — and we include temperate weather, Googie architecture and the ’24 Dodgers on that list. This two-LP live show offers some redress for a historical injustice: the fact that Slash/Warner Bros. had this whole show in the can in 1982 but chose at the time to just put out a six-song live EP. OK, it probably made some sense at the time, putting out a mini-LP consisting almost entirely of covers as a stop-gap between studio albums. But of course the British concert that was captured was full of Dave Alvin’s great original material, and it shouldn’t have taken another 42 years to get a proper, great Blasters live album. Variety contributor Chris Morris, who used to cover the band as a columnist for the L.A. Reader, penned the liner notes on the inside of the gatefold jacket, doing fresh interviews with Dave A. and assorted other surviving band members who recall how they quickly went from zeroes to heroes as part of the American invasion of Britannia in the ’80s. (A CD of the 73-minute performance comes out a week later, on Dec. 6.)

(7-inch single, black vinyl, 10,000 copies in U.S.)The 60th anniversary of the British Invasion is not going uncommemorated — maybe you noticed, with the hoopla surrounding the documentary “Beatles ’64” debuting on Disney+ this same weekend. Do you “need” this straight reissue of a single that was rush-released in the U.S. in January 1964 and went No. 1 the following month? Do you want it anyway? Even if you bought the just-released boxed set of 1964 U.S. Beatles LPs, whose masters were also used for this single? Possibly so, if you’re into the relative novelty of audiophile vinyl — this is billed as having been cut from the original masters, using an all-analog cutting process on a vintage Capitol lathe. 

	By the way, if you’re into very, very non-audio singles, Capitol is also putting out a 3-inch Beatles single this same day (requiring a separate player, for what it’s worth), “All My Loving.”

(double LP, 4,500 copies, black vinyl)Is the rare cover photo of the jazz piano great wielding a wicked ‘stache not reason enough to pick this up? But maybe you require even more rationale than that, given the number of Evans releases that have come out for RSD over the years from “jazz detective” Zev Feldman via Resonance or (in this case) Elemental Record; we’ve previously even referred to the pianist as Record Store Day’s patron saint, and this is the 12th such release. Even with that library already having been built up, there are solid reasons for continuing to dip into his lost live tapes. This recording — found in the Kongsberg Jazz Festival archives after it was long believed that the show had not even been recorded, let alone saved for posterity — is top quality; maybe there’s something about those long Norway winters that lends itself even to accidental preservation. As always with Elemental releases, an extensive booklet offers freshly penned essays, never-before-published photos and interviews with contemporaries and influencees. Bassist Eddie Gomez and drummer Marty Morell are still around to offer their perspective, and Evans himself is heard from via a rare printed archival interview from after his appearance. 

(LP, black vinyl, 3,000 copies)

	Like the Joni Mitchell “Hejira Demos” LP release, this is another example of Rhino going into a recent boxed set and pulling out some material for a Record Store Day stand-alone vinyl piece. Using a combination of rough starts and alternate takes, the label offers an alternate version of (most of) the “Fragile” album, from demos all the way to contemporary Steven Wilson remixes. It starts off with a real highlight in an early version of “Roundabout,” in which it’s clear that, yes, Yes was a rock ‘n’ roll band, and for all its progginess, could sound downright scrappy.

(LP, black vinyl, 2,000 copies)

	This isn’t one of the better-known or more heavily-pressed titles for this edition of Record Store Day, but it will have a real cachet for lovers of ’90s independent rock who are able to find a copy. A collection of material from bands associated with the Elephant scene that came to be centered in Athens, Georgia, it’s billed as a soundtrack to the 2023 documentary about the movement. But it’s not to be confused with the 50-track-plus soundtrack that went up for streaming when the movie premiered. This soundtrack — which is exclusive to vinyl and exclusive to RSD — consists of rarer or previously unreleased material from bands that specialized in the intersection of psychedelia and power pop, like Apples in Stereo. Most notable of all for fans is the two cuts that open the two sides, both of them previously unheard songs from the Olivia Tremor Control. The band was working on its third album in 2012 when co-founder Bill Doss died; recently, the surviving members have worked toward getting that swan song finished and out, and the two previews from that project show that hope hasn’t been in vain. Special merit goes to the packaging, which includes a die-cut tableau of Elephant habitues that folds open to reveal some liner notes. This is the kind of smaller-scale release that can make RSD a real treasure hunt, beyond the big dogs.

(double LP, black vinyl, 1,300 copies)

	A label can beat around the push, but why not put an effective one-word review right in the title, if you have the previously unissued tapes to back it up? The Resonance label and producer Zev Feldman have mostly concentrated their efforts on legendary jazz musicians, not vocalists, and they make up for lost time on the latter front with a 1976 live show from Jarreau, who at the time was coming off his second album, making his first D.C. club appearance and still just a couple of years shy of stardom. He wasn’t shy of proving his prowess — further testified to in the extensive liner notes booklet that includes commentary from fans like Nile Rodgers and Dionne Warwick as well as Jarreau’s longtime keyboard player Tom Canning.  

(double LP, black vinyl, 1,500 copies)

	You could hardly ask for more dissimilar products from a single label in a single day than Resonance’s disparate twin focus on pop-jazz crossover star Al Jarreau and gonzo avant-garde king Sun Ra. The liner notes for “Lights on a Satellite” talk about how many more people have heard of the ultra-free jazz giant than have ever heard him, and you have to think actual fear might have to do with some of that, given his “not for everybody, to say the least” reputation. This typically strange yet outstanding set is a good chance for the courageous to get their feet wet. It is true that reading about Mr. Ra is as much fun as listening to him, and it’s a kick hearing from some of the musicians who played with him and folks who booked him in the liner notes here, who can attest that he really did claim to come from Saturn. This show feels like it’s being beamed in from somewhere even farther out than that, but, with a cast of actual dozens of players enacting his unique vision for a big band, it’s transfixing. (The CD and download versions come out Dec. 6.)

(LP, violent/blue splatter vinyl, 3,500 copies)

	Todd’s true prog period was fleeting but unforgettable, reaching an early peak in the ’75 album that was the first from the different variations of the Utopia group concept that passed under Rundgren’s leadership over the years, before the collective switched from wild instrumental jams to succinct power pop. As 15-minute mostly instrumental rock suites go, you’d be hard-pressed to find a better one than the opener here, however short-lived this direction ultimately proved for the wizard/true star. It’s been out on vinyl several times before, of course, but one reason to pick it up anew, even if you already own a copy, is not just the pretty splatter vinyl but a fresh essay from the world’s foremost Rundgren expert, Paul Myers, who interviewed Todd afresh about the early days of his Utopian ideal.

(double LP, black vinyl, 2,500 copies)

	B.B. had a gun and he knew how to use it — and if you like the combination of that searing tone with a bigger band than you might be accustomed to hearing King playing with, this set is hard to beat. He’s got a three-man horn section joining his group on this European tour, when he was still riding off the success of “The Thrill is Gone,” more than a quarter-century into his career, with that much still left to go. All that brass helps when he’s covering Thelonious Monk for an opener, even if the real thrill arrives when he’s zeroing in on his own original material and getting down — really getting down — to blues essence. It’s the second release on Zev Feldman’s Deep Digs label, after Sister Rosetta Tharpe, an apparent outlet for the “jazz detective’s” extracurricular efforts… though it’s almost jazzy enough in itself to belong on one of Feldman’s more traditional label homes. Let’s hope there are more where these came from. (The CD and digital versions come out Dec. 6.)

(LP, black vinyl, 2,500 copies)

	Sometimes a straight reissue merits the same kind of recommendation as an RSD effort that digs up previously unreleased material, and this limited release of one of live jazz’s late ’50s essentials certainly deserves that attention. The drummer eschews piano in this lineup but does find room for a tuba player, a mostly but not entirely subliminal addition that helps make the hard bop rock even harder. The packaging of this one-time mono pressing is meant to exactly duplicate the original, down to the bar code-less tip-on jacket and labels on the wax that bear no indication of the present day. It’s the best of all worlds — time travel that lets you pretend you just dug through crates to find the cleanest pressing of a classic that ever existed.

(LP, red vinyl, 1,500 copies)

	Although it’s not immediately evident from the title, this is not a best-of from the late, great film scorer, but an adaptation of some of those bests, along with some more obscure material, as arranged and adopted for a full orchestra. What if the themes from “Twin Peaks,” “Blue Velvet” and “Mulholland Drive” got the symphonic instead of synth treatment? The answers lie here. This previously got a CD release many years back, with more severe cover art, but it’s lovely to have it on vinyl for the first time, with or without a more sympathetic cover portrait of David Lynch’s maestro.

(3-LP set, black vinyl, 1,400 copies)

	If you choose Record Store Day events as a chance not just to bolster your collection with existing favorite artists but to take a chance on a lesser-known legacy artist you’ve never heard of, then this Resonance tribute to a mostly unsung female jazz guitar hero exactly fits the bill this time around. Emily Resner didn’t live long enough to truly capitalize on society’s growing appreciation for women instrumental hotshots — she died in 1989 at age 32 — but Resonance is making sure she doesn’t go forgotten with the first album release for her in 33 years. In the liner notes, producer and “jazz detective” Zev Feldman calls this “one of the most important projects I’ve worked on to date,” and as passionate as he is about all his projects, he doesn’t say that about all the girls. That essays and oral history in the extensive booklet are a history class unto themselves, recalling a moment when Remler could get a profile in People magazine and say, “I may look like a nice Jewish girl from New Jersey, but inside I’m a 50-year-old, heavyset black man with a big thumb, like Wes Montgomery.” This live set, recorded in a vintage Vegas casino, is the kind of collection that could appeal equally hardcore jazz heads into the intricacy of her playing and casual music fans who just want some ambient bliss — in other words, a very Montgomery-style sweet spot. (CD and digital editions come out Dec. 6.)

(5-LP boxed set, black vinyl, 1,500 copies)

	What is it good for? Plenty. Rhino has been going all-in on the multi-faceted history of War, and that continues with this boxed set containing five albums released by the band during its second major period of output, newly remastered by Bernie Grundman and with fresh cover art that pays tribute to the bridge linking East L.A. with downtown, a more than appropriately symbolic illustration for a group that bridged so many gaps. 

(LP, black vinyl, 1,000 copies)

	Record Store day was really made for casting a greater light on small-scale releases like this one that might go more easily overlooked if they were released any other day of the year. This remarkable LP is the product of a lot of lover and devotion from the folkhs at the Country Music Hall of Fame… even though it’s not remotely a country album. It’s a collection of material that was posthumously found not in the archives but a garage of Johnny Bragg, who is best known as the lead singer of the Prisonaires, an actual group of prisoners that had R&B hits in the ’50s including “Just Walkin’ in the Rain.” As a free man, he continued to record a lot more material than he ever had the chance to release, and his daughter offered up these recently discovered tapes to the Hall of Fame after its Michael Gray spoke at his funeral. The release also marks the 20th anniversary of “Night Train to Nashville,” an exhibit/boxed set that put the spotlight on Nashville’s unknown history as an R&B mecca. Listening to the silken-voiced Bragg wail his way through long-lost material that turned up only as a quirk of fate is a testament to how much unknown great music has existed that will never land anywhere but the ether; that this will be making it to a thousand or so turntables is inspiring.

Allman Brothers Band – Manley Field House, Syracuse NY April 7, 1972 3LP

Amigo the Devil – The Wiltern (Live) 2LP

Anitta – Funk Generation LP

Asking Alexandria – The Black 2LP

Angelo Badalamenti – Music for Film and Television LP

Joe Bataan – Riot LP

The Beaches – Blame Jocelyn 7-inch

The Beatles – All My Loving 3-inch + carrying care

The Beatles – I Wanna Hold Your Hand / I Saw Here Standing There 7-inch

Better Than Ezra – Deluxe 2LP

Dickey Betts and Great Southern – Southern Jam New York 1978 3LP

Big Brother and the Holding Company – Live at the Grande Ballroom Detroit, March 2, 1968 LP

Big Freedia – Hitz Vol. 2 2010-2020 LP

Biohazard – Mata Leão LP

The Blasters – Over There: Live at The Venue London 1982, The Complete Concert 2LP

Bluey – RSD Black Friday 2024 Picture Disc 7-inch picture disc

Born Jamericans – Kids From Foreign LP

Johnny Bragg – Let Me Dream LP

Critters Buggin – Host 2LP

The Byrds/Buffalo Springfield – Live at the Monterey International Pop Festival 2LP

Circa Survive – Descensus LP

Phil Collins – Live From the Board… The Official Bootleg 10-inch

Sam Cooke – A Change is Gonna Come: The Diamond Edition 7-inch

Christopher Cross – A Christopher Cross Christmas LP

Cypress Hill – Live at Rock Im Park 1999 LP and CD

Jesse Ed Davis – Tomorrow May Not Be Your Day: The Unissued Atco Recordings 1970-1971 2LP

Dead or Alive – You Spin Me Round (Like a Record) 40th Anniversary 7-inch picture disc

Dead Prez – RBG: Revolutionary But Gangsta LP

Djo – DECIDE (Deluxe) LP

The Doors – Live in Detroit 4LP

Dave Douglas – GIFTS 2LP

Earl Sweatshirt – Feet of Clay (5th Anniversary Edition) LP

Echo and the Bunnymen – The Killing Moon 12-inch

Echo and the Bunnymen – Silver 12-inch

Billie Eilish – Hit Me Hard and Soft (Isolated Vocals) LP

Engine Kid – The 1993 Steve Albini Sessions 2LP

The English Beat – Special Beat Service 2LP

Eramus Hall – Lost and Found LP

Bill Evans Trio – Live at Kongsberg 1970 2LP

Explosions In the Sky and Steve Jablonsky – Lone Survivor Original Soundtrack 2LP

Flamin’ Groovies – Let It Rock! Live from the San Francisco Civic Center October 26, 1980 LP

Garbage – copy/paste LP

Jerry Garcia – Electric on the Eel: August 29th, 1987 3LP

The Gaslight Anthem – Live at Park Ave (15 Year Anniversary) 10-inch

Ghostface Killah – Set the Tone (Guns and Roses) 2LP picture disc

Charles Wesley Godwin – Live from Echo Mountain LP

Grateful Dead – Veterans Memorial Coliseum, New Haven, CT 5/5/77

Harry Gregson-Williams – Gladiator II (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) 2LP

David Grisman – Dawg ’90 (Deluxe) 2LP

GROUPLOVE – i want a little bit more 10-inch

Beres Hammond – Just a Man LP

Herbie Hancock – Possibilities 3LP

Isaac Hayes – Truck Turner Original Soundtrack 2LP

Helmet – Betty 2LP

Jimi Hendrix – Songs for Groovy Children: The Fillmore East Concerts LP

John Lee Hooker – Don’t Turn Me From Your Door LP

Whitney Houston – Love is Live From South Africa… and More 12-inch

Illenium – Awake 2LP

Jane’s Addiction – Imminent Redemption 12-inch

Al Jarreau – Wow! Recorded Live in Performance at the Childe Harold 1976 2LP

Jazz Sabbath – The 1968 Tapes LP w/ CD

Scarlett Johansson – Anywhere I Lay My Head LP

Jungle – Back on 74 12-inch

Noah Kahan – Town Hall (Stick Season Collaborations) LP

Jorma Kaukonen and Jack Casady – Reno Road: Unreleased Tracks from the ‘60s 2LP and CD 

King Missile – Happy Hour LP

B.B. King – In France: Live at the 1977 Nancy Jazz Pulsations Festival 2LP

Lacuna Coil – The EPs: Lacuna Coil and Halflife LP

Julian Lage – Live in Los Angeles 12-inch

Lamb of God – Ashes of the Wake Live 2LP

Tony Levin – Bringing It Down to the Bass 2LP

LSD (Labrinth, Sia and Diplo) – Labrinth, Sia and Diplo Present LSD Remixes LP

Steve Martin – King Tut 12-inch picture disc

Duff McKagan – Live at Easy Street LP

Merry Marvel Marching Society! – Merry Marvel Marching Society! LP

MF DOOM – Operation: Doomsday 25th Anniversary 2LP, longbox CD and cassette

The Minus 5 – Down with Wilco LP

Joni Mitchell – Hejira Demos LP

Modest Mouse – Baron Von Bullshit Rides Again LP

Morphine – B-Sides and Otherwise LP

Motley Crue – Dr. Feelgood: The Singles 5×7-inch box set

Keith Murray – The Most Beautifullest Thing in This World: 30th Anniversary Edition 2LP

Kacey Musgraves – Deeper into the Well LP

Paul Ngozi – Viva Ngozi LP

Stevie Nicks – The Lighthouse 7-inch

Norma Jean – Wrongdoers LP

Ohgeesy – GEEZYWORLD LP

OneRepublic – Artificial Paradise Double LP 2LP

Orgone – Bacano 2LP

Buck Owens – I’ve Got a Tiger By the Tail LP

Charley Patton – The Father of Delta Blues: Selections from Paramount Recordings LP

Pearl Jam – RSD Song of the Year 12-inch

Daniel Powter – DP LP

Raekwon – Immobilarity: 25th Anniversary Edition 2LP

Rage Against the Machine – Democratic National Convention 2000 12-inch

Ramones – Greatest Hits LP

Emily Remler – Live at the 4-Queens (1985-88) 3LP

Bebe Rexha – Expectations LP

Trent Reznor and Atticus Ross, Boys Noise – Challengers [MIXED] by Boys Noize LP

Max Roach – Deeds, Not Words (MONO) LP

Olivia Rodrigo – Guts Spilled 2LP

The Rolling Stones – Get Yer Ya-Ya’s Out! LP

Mykal Rose, Subatomic Sound System and Hollie Cook – Rockin’ Like a Champion LP

Todd Rundgren – Todd Rundgren’s Utopia LP

Leon Russell – Hymns of Christmas LP

Santana – Let the Guitar Play 12-inch

Larry Saunders the Prophet of Soul – Stranger LP

Gil Scott-Heron and Brian Jackson – From South Africa to South Carolina 2LP and CD

Sahib Shihab – Sahib’s Jazz Party and After Hours 2LP

Bobby Shmurda – Shmurda She Wrote 12-inch

Sixpence None the Richer – The Dawn of Grace LP

Slaughter Beach, Dog – Live at the Cabin 2LP

Snoop Dogg – Live at Forest National 2005 2LP

Soul Dog – Movin’ On LP

Souls of Mischief – No Man’s Land 2LP

Lauren Spencer Smith – Last Christmas / Santa Baby 7-inch

Springhouse – From Now to OK LP w/ CD

The Carl Stalling Project – Music From Warner Bros. Cartoons 1936-1958 2LP

Cat Stevens – Saturnight: Cat Stevens Live in Tokyo LP

Genevieve Stokes – Catching Rabbits 12-inch

Stone Temple Pilots – Purple Rarities LP

Stress Eater – Everybody Eats! 2LP

Sun Ra – Lights on a Satellite: Live at the Left Bank 1978 2LP

Sunn O))) – Black One (Deluxe Edition) 2LP

Teddy Swims – I’ve Tried Everything But Therapy (Part 1.5) LP

T. Rex – Tanx LP

Tangerine Dream – Live at the Kelvin Hall, Glasgow 1974: 50th Anniversary Edition 2LP

Cecil Taylor – Live at the Cafe Montmartre 2LP

Tegan and Sara – So Jealous 20th Anniversary 2LP

Thievery Corporation – The Richest Man in Babylon 2LP

Charles Tolliver Music Inc – Live at the Captain’s Cabin 2LP

Too $hort – Cocktails 2LP

Tribe – Dedication LP

John Trudell – Wounded Indians LP

U2 – How to Re-Assemble an Atomic Bomb LP

Ultravox – Lament (Steven Wilson Stereo Mix) 2LP and 2CD

Various Artists – The Elephant 6 Recording Co. Soundtrack)

Various Artists – Jazz Dispensary: The Golden Hour LP

Various Artists – The Soul and Songs of Young Curtis Mayfield: The Spirit of Chicago 2LP

Various Artists – The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie: Music from the Movie and More… LP

Various Artists – Brah, Humbug! Xmas in NOLA LP

Van Halen – Live in Dallas 1991 2LP

The Veronicas – Hook Me Up LP

Vitamin String Quartet – VSQ Performs BTS LP

WAR – The Vinyl 1977-1994 5LP box set

ZZ Ward – Put the Gun Down (Reimagined 2024) 7-inch

The Warning – Error 2LP

Wolves in the Throne Room – Black Cascade (15 Year Anniversary Edition) 2LP

Yes – Fragile Outtakes LP
The Business of Entertainment