Taylor Swift has smashed a Disney+ viewing record with her Eras Tour film.
The singer, 34, released the movie on 14 March and figures now show it set a massive 16.2 million hours viewed in its opening weekend on the TV streamer – and also became the most-watched music film ever on the streamer, beating hit films from The Beatles and Billie Eilish as well as a previous movie from Taylor.
The Wrap reported on Tuesday (March 19): “In its opening weekend, the concert film logged 4.6 million views and 16.2 million hours on Disney+, marking the streamer’s most-watched music film to date, according to internal viewing data.”
Taylor’s three-and-a-half-hour movie features performances of new songs not featured in the theatrical release of the movie, including "Cardigan," and four acoustic tunes: "Maroon," "Death by a Thousand Cuts," "You Are in Love" and "I Can See You."
The film also grossed nearly $262 million worldwide at the global box office.
It outperformed other hit music films released on Disney+ such as 22-year-old Billie Eilish’s Happier Than Ever: A Love Letter to Los Angeles, Sir Elton John’s Elton John: Farewell From Dodger Stadium and Black Is King: A Film by Beyoncé, as well as The Beatles: Get Back and Taylor’s 2020 movie Folklore: The Long Pond Studio Sessions.
Taylor recently delighted fans in Singapore when she announced the fourth and final version of her upcoming album The Tortured Poets Department, due out April 19.
An image of the new version of the record, featuring previously unseen artwork of the singer, who is dating 34-year-old NFL star Travis Kelce, running her hands through her hair appeared behind her on stage, and it was also revealed a bonus track titled "The Black Dog" will be included in the latest edition of the album.
Taylor also posted the news on Instagram, which came a day after she shared a glimpse into her own family ties with Singapore.
During her first sold-out show at Singapore National earlier this month, she reflected on the childhood of her mom, Andrea Swift in a video posted to X, saying: “My mom actually spent a lot of her childhood with her mom and dad and sister growing up in Singapore.
“So a lot of the time when we’d come here on tour, my mom would take me and drive me past her old house, where she used to go to school.
“So I’ve been hearing about Singapore my whole life.
“To get to come here and play a show this big with so many beautiful, generous people who are essentially honoring my family with what you just did with that song, it means the world.
“I already love you. We’re going to have a blast tonight.”
Gallery Credit: Erica Russell