Gay men march in the New Orleans' Pride parade with Phoenix Bar, a 24/7 gay bar catering to the leather crowd in the Marigny.Emily Topping
Southern Decadence arrives in New Orleans this Labor Day Weekend in a flurry of glitter, feathers, rainbow flags, outlandish outfits and 24/7 block parties.
The annual celebration of LGBTQ+ culture is like Pride, but slightly more debaucherous.
In the words of former Southern Decadence grand marshal Frank Perez, the five-day-long festival is a time when gay men ”get really drunk, they do a lot of drugs, and they have a lot of sex. It’s a wonderful weekend."
Oh, and there’s a parade.
On Sunday, Sep. 1, the Decadence parade lines up outside the Golden Lantern bar at 1239 Royal St.
Kicking off at 2 p.m., the procession heads toward Uptown on Royal Street, turns right on St. Louis Street, then right again on Burgundy Street. It then turns right on St. Ann Street and left on Bourbon Street, where the route concludes.
The 52nd annual Southern Decadence parades kicks off at 2 p.m. on Sunday, Sep. 1.Eureeka Starfish
Inspired by the Billie Eilish song of the same name, this year’s theme is “Birds of a Feather Flock Together.” The key colors are pink, gold and bright blue.
If you’d like to walk in the parade, there’s still time to sign up. Volunteers will receive a free T-shirt for helping with registration outside of the Golden Lantern, starting at 10 a.m.
As with most New Orleans parades, the best place to watch is wherever you can show up the earliest.
If you’d like to drink while you dance, however, the following gay bars are situated directly on the parade route. All of them have second-story balconies (except for Rawhide Lounge), which make for ideal viewing spots.
Cafe Laffite in Exile, the oldest continuously operating gay bar in the country, is located a block away from the Southern Decadence parade route. Emily Topping
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices