By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:03, 18 December 2024   |  Updated:  20:19, 21 January 2025   
 66
View  comments
Kim Kardashian has continued to tease fans with sexy snaps from new angles as she promoted SKIMS' holiday campaign again on Wednesday.
The 44-year-old reality star took to her Instagram page to turn up the heat as she re-shared a image of herself showing off her sultry pinup look while straddling a fur- lined bench.
Fans saw the mother-of-four model's voluminous, dirty blonde locks while posing in a ribbed pink tank top, matching cheeky panties and sheer stockings as she placed her hands on her thighs. 
She added a new image of herself stretching out her leg and flaunting her bottom on the fuzzy platform in a blue knitted bra and matching fold over pants, holding a sleep mask.
The All's Fair star wrapped the post with a re-shared snap of herself leaving nothing to the imagination in a barely-there furry string bikini and tan knee-high boots.
Kim made headlines on Monday when she debuted some of the racy NSFW images and revealed the release date for SKIMS' winter lingerie line.
Kim Kardashian continued to tease fans with sexy snaps as she plugged SKIMS' holiday campaign again on Wednesday. In one snap, she straddled a fur throw covered bench
'JUST DROPPED: SKIMS WINTER HEAT,' she penned in the caption of Wednesday's post, signaling the collection was available for purchase.
The post earned likes from model Hailey Bieber, influencer Steven Kelly and Jeff Bezos' wife Lauren Sanchez.
Fans spiraled in the comments with some praising the multihyphenate while others buzzed that she looked unrecognizable. 
'I don't think this is gon help in winter kim,' one follower quipped.
'It’s giving… beyonce?' various fans suggested. Another chimed in, 'fs i thought this was beyoncé again!' 
Others insisted the style maven bared a striking remembrance to Playboy alum Pamela Anderson, Colombian singer Shakira and even French actress Brigitte Bardot.
One fan slammed the billionaire for wearing a 'horrible' blonde wig, writing, 'Horrible wig !! The wig is killing me, I cannot with it.'
Kim's Winter Heat collection includes thong underwear, knit sweaters, bralettes and a plethora of other fashion basics. 
Products range in price from $16 for knit socks to $698 for a cheetah print silk robe. 
She added a new image of herself stretching out her leg and flaunting her bottom on the fuzzy platform in a blue knitted bra and matching fold over pants
The All's Fair star wrapped the post with a re-shared snap of herself leaving nothing to the imagination in a barely-there furry string bikini
Kim made headlines on Monday when she debuted some of the racy NSFW images as she revealed the release date for SKIMS' winter lingerie line
Some fans insisted the style maven bared a striking remembrance to Playboy alum Pamela Anderson, Colombian singer Shakira and even French actress Brigitte Bardot
Kim's Winter Heat collection includes thong underwear, men's socks, T-shirts, bralettes and a plethora of other fashion basics
Products range in price from $16 for knit socks to $698 for a cheetah print silk robe
Back in 2020, a year after being in business, Kim opened up to Bazaar about what inspired her to start the company.
'When I said I wanted seamless shapewear, everyone looked and thought that I was crazy. The thing that always bothered me [with other brands] was that there would be a seam up the front,' she explained.
'You would have this really tight dress and then see this seam, defeating the purpose of wearing something that is supposed to look like there is nothing underneath. I’m all about comfort and glamour at the same time.
'I always think you can do it all, so why not have everything that you need as far as your products?' the mum-of-four finished.
SKIMS has five brick-and-mortar stores — Washington, D.C.; Aventura, Florida; Austin and Houston, Texas; and Atlanta, Georgia.
The sexy snaps come after the ex-wife of Kanye West revealed that she had attended Billie Eilish's LA concert for her Hit Me Hard and Soft Tour while healing from a broken foot.  
SKIMS, which was recently valued at $4 billion, initially sold shapewear before branching out into loungewear, swimwear, and most recently, menswear.
The company has a focus on body positivity and inclusivity across the brand and practices inclusive sizing.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group