Kylie Minogue fans are completely stunned after the pop icon failed to receive a  Brit Award nomination for her 2023 hit song Padam Padam. 
This year’s star-studded awards ceremony is set to take place on Saturday, March 2 live from London’s O2 Arena with Dua Lipa confirmed as the first performer. The nominations were announced on Wednesday afternoon by radio and TV presenter Yinka Bokkini and it’s safe to say, Raye is leading the way. 
Pop queen Kylie Minogue, 55, has been nominated for international artist following her comeback with album Tension, but sadly her hit single Padam Padam didn’t get a nod in the international song category. 
Padam Padam became a Pride anthem in 2023 and it peaked at number one on the Big Top 40 chart in the UK. 
Reacting to the major snub, one fan said: ‘I think i need to go to specsavers cuz where tf is padam padam.’ 
@bethbwestbrook declared on X: ‘Justice for padam padam.’ 
@andrealovesgaga felt very passionately about the snub and said: ‘Still no Padam Padam what the actual f**k.’ 
Meanwhile, Raye has made history with her nominations this year but there’s one category that may particularly raise eyebrows. 
The Prada singer, 26, enjoyed a phenomenal 2023 after becoming an independent artist and releasing her critically acclaimed album My 21st Century Blues while also going viral on TikTok with her monster track Escapism. 
Her run of good luck may not be over as Raye has now received a staggering seven nominations at the Brits 2024, making her the most-nominated artist in a single year. Categories include British song of the year for Escapism and album of the year. 
However, Raye has also been nominated in both the best new artist and artist of the year categories which is quite a head-scratcher given her years of success. 
My 21st Century Blues may be her debut album but Raye has been releasing hits since 2016, with notable tracks including Decline, Tequila, Bed and Secrets which peaked at number six on the UK charts. She’s also written for the likes of Beyonce, Little Mix and Ellie Goulding. 
Sorry, this video isn't available any more.
Nonetheless, it’s an exciting moment for Raye who told Brits nominations host Yinka that she had to fight back the tears and couldn’t have imagined she’d be nominated after essentially being ‘written off’ by the industry amid her record label issue. 
Elsewhere, Barbie’s run of good luck after the Oscars nominations this week has continued with Dua Lipa receiving a British song of the year nod for her dance banger Dance The Night, which features on the soundtrack of last summer’s blockbuster hit. 
Dua, 28, has also been announced as a performer at the awards show with a teaser clip showing her in the middle of rehearsals. However, what song she’ll be singing remains a mystery. 
Other top nominees include Lewis Capaldi, Stormzy, Calvin Harris and Ed Sheeran who will battle it out for song of the year, while J Hus has received a handful of nominations including album of the year with Beautiful and Brutal Yard. 
Host Yinka was beyond thrilled to do the honours of announcing the nominees this year and said ahead of the announcement: ‘I’m so incredibly excited to be hosting Bring on the Brits – revealing the nominees for the 2024 Brit Awards is such an honour and a real pinch-me moment. 
‘It’s been an incredible year for music – I can’t wait to see the breakout stars from the last 12 months get their first ever Brits moment – plus of course celebrating the amazing artists we know and love…it’s going to be huge!’ 
This year’s Brit Awards will be taking place slightly later in the year on Saturday March 2, 2024. The show will broadcast live from London’s O2 Arena on ITV1 and ITVX. 
Tickets for the public went on sale at 10am today with a variety of tickets available to buy at AXS. 
The public will also have the opportunity to vote for all five genre awards – Alternative/Rock act, dance act, hip-hop/grime/rap act, pop act and R&B act – exclusively on Instagram, with voting set to open on February 1.
The Brit Awards 2024 with Mastercard will take place on Saturday March 2 – once again back in a primetime Saturday night slot – and will broadcast live on ITV1 and ITVX – from The O2 arena.
Album of the year 
Raye – My 21 Century Blues 
J Hus – Beautiful and Brutal Yard 
Lil Simz – No Thank You 
Blur – The Ballad of Darren 
Young Fathers – Heavy Heavy 
Song of the year with Mastercard 
Stormzy – Firebabe 
Raye – Prada 
Raye – Escapism 
Dua Lipa – Dance The Night 
Ed Sheeran – Eyes Closed 
Calvin Harris + Ellie Goulding – Miracle 
J Hus and Drake – Who Told You 
Lewis Capaldi – Wish You The Best 
Dave + Central Cee – Sprinter
Kenya Grace – Strangers
Rudimental – Dancing Is Healing 
Central Cee – Let Go 
Best new artist 
Raye
Pink Pantheress
Olivia Dean
Mahalia 
Yussef Dayes
Artist of the Year
Arlo Parks
Raye
Dave
Dua Lipa 
Fred Again
J Hus 
Jessie Ware 
Lil Simz
Olivia Dean 
Group of the year
Blur
Chase & Status
Headie One + K Trap
Jungle
Young Fathers
International song 
Billie Eilish – What Was I Made For 
Doja Cat – Paint The Town Red 
Olivia Rodrigo – Vampire 
David Kushner – Daylight 
Sza – Kill Bill 
Tyla – Water
Miley Cyrus – Flowers 
Noah Kahan – Stick Season 
Libianca – People 
Meghan Trainor – Made You Look
Jazzy – Giving Me 
Oliver Tree – Miss You 
Peggy Gou – (It Goes Like) Nanana 
Rema – Calm Down
Tate McRae – Greedy 
International artist of the year 
Kylie Minogue 
Taylor Swift
Asake
Burna Boy
Lana Del Rey
Miley Cyrus 
Olivia Rodrigo
Sza
Taylor Swift
International group of the year 
Blink-182 
BoyGenius 
Foo Fighters
Gabriels
Paramore 
Dance act
Becky Hill
Calvin Harris
Fred Again
Romy
Barry Can’t Swim
R&B act
Cleo Sol
Jorja Smith
Mahalia
Raye
Sault 
Alternative/Rock act
Blur 
Bring Me The Horizon
Rolling Stones
Young Fathers
Yussef Dayes
Hip hop/grime/rap act
Casisdead
Central Cee
Dave
J Hus
Little Simz
Pop act
Calvin Harris
Charli XCX
Dua Lipa
Olivia Dean
Raye
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Brit Awards host steps down after two years
Arrow
MORE: I loved Barbie too. That doesn’t mean it deserves an Oscar