Cillian Murphy (left) as J. Robert Oppenheimer and Robert Downey Jr. as Lewis Strauss in "Oppenheimer." 
The question for Sunday night isn’t whether “Oppenheimer” will win any Academy Awards. It’s how many little statuettes it will take.
Nominated in 13 categories, director Christopher Nolan’s blockbuster biopic of the “father of the atomic bomb” J. Robert Oppenheimer could easily win as many as eight Oscars and sweep the major awards for which it is nominated.
The other contender likely to get multiple Oscars is “Poor Things.” But it’s likely only to take two or three.
That’s how Sunday’s Academy Awards, set for a 6 p.m. telecast on ABC, shapes up based on reading the industry “tea leaves” that have come into focus in the past month.
Here’s a look at the projected winners and the vote I would have cast if I was an Academy member in the major categories:
The Oscar goes to: “Oppenheimer.”
Nolan’s three-hour epic, which at $960.6 million is the highest-grossing biographical movie ever, was the early favorite to take Oscar’s biggest prize. And it solidified the likely win with the BAFTA (the British Oscars) win for best film and the best ensemble Screen Actors Guild award.
Those results and other prizes that “Oppenheimer” has taken essentially eliminated what were expected to be its primary competitors, “Killers of the Flower Moon” and “Poor Things.”
If I had a vote: “Poor Things.”
I had “Oppenheimer” as my best picture of 2023 in December. But, having now seen it multiple times, I’d vote for “Poor Things.”
The Oscar goes to: Lily Gladstone, "Killers of the Flower Moon.”
The closest race for any of this year’s Oscars is between Gladstone, who will become the first Native woman to win an Academy Award, and Emma Stone, whose performance as a Frankenstein-like reanimated woman in “Poor Things” is astounding.
Gladstone won the SAG award, usually the best indicator of an Oscar win. But Stone’s run dead-even with her in industry surveys, raising the possibility of an upset.
If I had a vote: Stone.
The Oscar goes to: Cillian Murphy, “Oppenheimer.”
This is where the “Oppenheimer” near sweep picks up momentum. Murphy, who plays the title character, was the early Best Actor favorite until Paul Giamatti, nominated for playing the curmudgeonly teacher in “The Holdovers,” picked up support late last year.
But Murphy has now won both the BAFTA and SAG Awards, making him a near lock to take the Oscar Sunday.
If I had a vote: Paul Giamatti, "The Holdovers."
The Oscar goes to: Da'Vine Joy Randolph, “The Holdovers.”
An absolute lock, Randolph has every major award — starting with the Golden Globes and including BAFTA and SAG — for her performance as the school’s cafeteria manager in “The Holdovers.” She’ll be picking up a little gold man on Sunday.
If I had a vote: Randolph.
The Oscar goes to: Robert Downey Jr. for “Oppenheimer." Downey, one of the most popular actors of the past 30 years who has appeared in some of the highest-grossing films of that period, has previously been nominated for two Oscars. His work as Rear Adm. Lewis Strauss, which took the Golden Globe, BAFTA and SAG awards, will make the third time a charm for what can be seen as a career achievement Academy Award.
If I had a vote: Downey Jr.
The Oscar goes to:  Christopher Nolan for “Oppenheimer.” The BAFTA and Director’s Guild award winner, Nolan is the odds-on favorite to be honored for the box office success of "Oppenheimer," its return of audiences for serious films and, as with Downey, career achievement.
There’s not much doubt that Nolan will take the Oscar, with only Yorgos Lanthimos generating any buzz. That won’t be enough for the “Poor Things” director.
If I had a vote: Lanthimos.
The Oscar goes to: “American Fiction.”
If I had a vote: “Poor Things.”
The Oscar goes to: “Anatomy of a Fall.”
If I had a vote: “Past Lives.”
The Oscar goes to: “Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse."
If I had a vote: “The Boy and the Heron.”
The Oscar goes to: “The Zone of Interest.”
If I had a vote: “The Zone of Interest.”
The Oscar goes to: “20 Days in Mariupol.”
If I had a vote: "20 Days in Mariupol."
The Oscar goes to: “Oppenheimer.”
The Oscar goes to: “Poor Things.”
The Oscar goes to: “Maestro.”
The Oscar goes to: "Poor Things."
The Oscar goes to: “Oppenheimer.”
The Oscar goes to: “Oppenheimer.”
The Oscar goes to: “Godzilla Minus One.”
The Oscar goes to: “What Was I Made For?" From Barbie. Music and lyrics by Billie Eilish and Finneas O’Connell.
The Oscar goes to: “Oppenheimer.”
The Oscar goes to: “Letter to a Pig.”
The Oscar goes to: “The ABCs of Book Burning.”
The Oscar goes to: “The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar.”
Reach the writer at 402-473-7244 or kwolgamott@journalstar.com. On Twitter @KentWolgamott  
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Entertainment reporter/columnist
“The Friend” is a touchingly sweet, slyly funny “dog movie” that’s not for kids. For it is really about friendship, loss and the complicated past.
This film about the pioneering modernist painter and feminist icon is as comprehensive, carefully crafted and enlightening as a documentary ab…
Going in to see “One to One: John & Yoko,” my big question was do we really need another Beatle documentary?
Staff at Lincoln theaters say there have been disruptions during screenings of "A Minecraft Movie" but added that things have improved since t…
"No Other Land," the raw on-the-ground in the Israeli occupation of the West Band Oscar winning documentary and a 1999 restored unique rom-com…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.