By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:18, 25 January 2024   |  Updated:  00:26, 26 January 2024   
 19
View  comments
While Sofia Richie grew up in the spotlight as the daughter of legendary performer Lionel Richie, her husband, Elliot Grainge, only became a public figure after they went public with their relationship in early 2021. 
Interest in the 25-year-old model's partner has only continued to grow since their lavish wedding became one of the most-talked about celebrations of 2023.
Grainge and Richie, who is six months pregnant, got engaged after a year of dating, following the end of her three-year relationship with Scott Disick.
With the news that the couple are preparing to welcome their first child, a baby girl, somewhere between May 21 and June 20, DailyMail.com gathered everything to know about the British music executive, 30, that makes Richie feel 'safe and loved.'
While Sofia Richie grew up in the spotlight as the daughter of legendary performer Lionel Richie, from a young age, her husband, Elliot Grainge, only became a public figure after they went public with their relationship in in early 2021 (seen in September)
He is also the son of music industry royalty
Like his wife, Grainge comes from music industry royalty. His father is Universal Music Group Chairman and Chief Executive Lucian Grainge.
Over his career, Lucian has landed on Billboard's annual Power 100 list seven times and steered UMG toward 'becoming a publicly traded company,' according to the Los Angeles Times. 
In 2022, his company reported revenues of more than $10 billion and the CEO, 63, extended his 'contract to 2028 with a one-time transition equity award of $100 million.' 
His clients include Taylor Swift, Billie Eilish, Rihanna, the Weeknd, Morgan Wallen, Lady Gaga and the Beatles. 
Among his greatest achievements is being knighted by Queen Elizabeth in 2016 and receiving a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. 
Like his wife, Grainge comes from music industry royalty. His father is Universal Music Group Chairman and Chief Executive Lucian Grainge (pictured with his dad in 2020)
Elliot was raised in the United Kingdom 
The Northeastern University graduate grew up in England, before moving to the United States in 2009.
His mother, Samantha Berg, suffered an amniotic fluid embolism while giving birth to Elliot in 1993, and fell into a coma from which she never recovered. 
She died in England in 2007 
'I was a weird kid who used to read the music trades,' he told Variety back in 2019. 
Elliot continued: 'What I noticed about my father's negotiating style was how transparent, honest and sensible he was. When you put your cards on the table like that, negotiating is less competitive and more about teamwork.' 
The Northeastern University graduate grew up in England, before moving to the United States in 2009; seen in June 2022
He is the founder of 10K Projects
Elliot founded and runs the independent record label, 10K Projects, right after earning his bachelor's degree. 
According to the LA Times, he started his company using the 'couple hundred grand' he made 'flipping an apartment in Boston.' 
Within his first seven years of business, he's proven to be a force in the industry by releasing 'more than 30 singles that have been certified platinum.' 
Grainge has been vocal about his belief that record executives should give artists creative control. 
'I don't think there's ever gonna be a label exec or an A&R guy or a marketing guy who says, 'Go and sing this different,' and pushes music forward,' Grainge told the outlet. 
Elliot founded and runs the independent record label, 10K Projects, right after earning his bachelor's degree (pictured in May 2023)
They were friends first 
Grainge and Richie have known each other since they were young. 
A source told ET that the couple were 'friends for years' and that 'Elliot is also close with Sofia's brother, Miles.' 
'It's very nice for Sofia to date someone her family approves of and likes,' the insider added. 
Back in July, she recalled the wonderful moment their friendship turned romantic during an interview with Who What Wear. 
'I would always tell him, 'Whoever you end up with is the luckiest girl,'' she told the outlet. 'I thought that person is going to be really loved, appreciated, and worshiped. And then I realized one day … Why can't that lucky girl be me?' 
Grainge and Richie have known each other since they were young; seen in November 2023
He and Richie purchased a $17 million home together
Grainge and Richie knew their relationship was serious from the start. 
Early in their relationship, they bought a home in in Beverly Hills in April 2021 for $17 million.
They ultimately sold the purchase, just over a year later, for $22 million.
Grainge and Richie knew their relationship was serious from the start
He makes Sofia feel 'safe' 
The socialite previously revealed that she always had a feeling they would get married.
'I knew when we started dating that he was my husband,' she told Who What Wear. 'It wasn't a 'Do you think one day he'll propose?' It was like, 'This is my husband — 100 percent.'
'She continued: 'I felt this love for him that I never felt ever in my life.'
 The beauty went on to say Elliot gives her a 'feeling of safety.'
The socialite previously revealed that she always had a feeling they would get married because he makes her feel 'safe'
He was 'obsessed' with Eminem 
Grainge admitted that he was 'obsessed' with rapper Eminem. 
'[I] thought he was the coolest thing in the world,' the music executive told Variety during a rare interview in 2019. 
He added: 'If you look at the streaming data and analytics over the past six years, you'll see anyone under 28 around the world has been raised on hip-hop. It's a lifestyle, a culture, as rock once was for another generation. And I believe it was Eminem who took it to the next step in terms of global reach.' 
Grainge admitted that he was 'obsessed' with rapper Eminem 
He's a private person 
Unlike most millennials, he keeps his personal life offline. 
Despite having having more than 130,000 followers on Instagram, he no longer has any posts and just a picture of two puppies snuggling as his profile picture. 
Unlike most millennials, he keeps his personal life offline
He was 'a nervous wreck' asking for Lionel Richie's blessing 
Richie's father, Lionel, told Access Hollywood that Grainge was 'a nervous wreck' when asking for his blessing. 
'I thought he was going to pass out, but he survived it,' he told the outlet. 
Lionel mused: 'I was going to rib him a little bit, but I didn't want to play, he was going to faint. It was wonderful … They're deeply in love, so all I can say is, that's what you really want as a dad.' 
Despite pointing out his son-in-law's jitters, the singer also told the outlet that he loves Elliot and has 'known him since he was 12.'
Richie's father, Lionel, told Access Hollywood that Grainge was 'a nervous wreck' when asking for his blessing
He is happiest with Richie 
When describing what makes him happiest, Grainge imagines a quiet night in with his wife.
'My happy place is with my girl on the couch binging a TV series where we argue about which episode we're on,' he told the LA Times. 
When asked about navigating a life with someone that has made their living sharing their life online, he pointed out 'you can't help who you fall in love with.' 
'I really try and keep the profile as low as possible,' he insisted.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group