No singles will be issued ahead of the album’s release on May 17.
 By Andy Kahn Apr 8, 2024 • 12:08 pm PDT
Billie Eilish will release a new album, Hit Me Hard And Soft, on May 17. The singer-songwriter will not issue any singles ahead of the arrival of her third full-length album.
Eilish released her debut album, When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? in 2019, which followed her 2017 EP, Don’t Smile at Me. Eilish’s most recent full-length release was 2021’s Happier Than Ever. The 22-year-old recently earned the Academy Award for Best Original Song for “What Was I Made For?,” which she co-wrote and recorded with her brother, FINNEAS.
“[N]ot doing singles, I wanna give it to you all at once,” Eilish shared. “Finneas and I truly could not be more proud of this album and we absolutely can’t wait for you to hear it.” 
The 10-track album will be released through Darkroom/Interscope Records. According to a description accompanying the forthcoming release, the album is Eilish’s “most daring body of work to date, a diverse yet cohesive collection of songs — ideally listened to in its entirety from beginning to end — does exactly as the album title suggests; hits you hard and soft both lyrically and sonically, while bending genres and defying trends along the way. With the help of her brother and sole collaborator, FINNEAS, the pair wrote, recorded, and produced the album together in their hometown of Los Angeles.”
Eilish, who recently called out other musicians for wastefully producing excessive vinyl variants, will offer eight vinyl variants of Hit Me Hard And Soft, each of which will maintain the same tracklist and be available on the same day. Eilish added a “Sustainability” section to her online store detailing her efforts to produce the various editions of Hit Me Hard And Soft “with the most sustainable practices available.”
Speaking to Billboard, Eilish further explained her efforts to reduce waste:
“The fact that I have a far bigger audience and platform than I’ve ever had in my life means I can reach that many more people, and that’s such a huge responsibility and privilege to have. If I don’t use that privilege to do some good in the world, then what’s the point?”
“My parents have always kept me well informed and hyper-aware that every choice we make and every action we take has an impact somewhere or on someone, good or bad, and that has always stuck with me. I can’t just ignore what I know and go about my business and career and not do something. That’s just not how I was raised, or how I want to live my life.”
“We are doing everything we can to minimize waste in every aspect of my music. [My label has] listened to my concerns and helped me find the best way forward when releasing music and product into the world. [I hope] that others will adopt the same practices, and they will eventually become standard. It really is as simple as that.”
Read more about Eilish’s sustainability efforts related to the release of Hit Me Hard And Soft at her official website. 
The Hit Me Hard And Soft announcement arrived with an 18-second video clip, see it below:

 Loading tour dates
    
 Everything you need to
 Go See Live Music
  Personalized music news & recommendations 
 Create a free account or log in.
 Join or log in via email.
 Not you?
 Forgot password?
 Let’s create your account to get started.
  8 or more characters
  At least 1 letter
  At least 1 number
 We’ll only send you notifications you opt into.
  Valid phone number
 By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.