When A-list performers head out on the road for a tour, custom-made stage looks—and lots of them!—are necessary for slipping into superstar mode. This year alone, headliners like Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, Kacey Musgraves, Taylor Swift, Doechii, and more have all brought epic statement looks to the stage, designs that are bejeweled, bedazzled, and created to stand out in an arena. Ever wonder who is making all these fabulous frocks? One rising designer whom top celebrities have on speed dial: Lacey Dalimonte.
Based in Los Angeles, Dalimonte creates looks for Chappell Roan, Madonna, Conan Gray, Christina Aguilera, Billie Eilish, and countless others. Even more impressive than her stacked roster is that she is a total one-woman show, often turning out a high volume of looks by herself in her studio. “I still work mostly alone, developing everything from concept, sketch, and patterning to the final finished piece, sewing everything myself,” Dalimonte tells Vogue.
Dalimonte’s aesthetic keeps celebrities coming back by bringing their wildest fashion fantasies to life, whether it is a Western-inspired corset for Madonna or a teardrop-adorned mesh top for Gray. A prime example is the campy, furry robe she created for Roan back in May, festooned with hair rollers, lipsticks, and cigarettes. “As a Midwest princess myself, I was so excited to design for Chappell and loved being able to push myself creatively for the drag of it all,” says Dalimonte. “Last month I designed a new leather outfit for her headlining show at ACL Festival, and it’s so inspiring to see how much she’s grown, with her record-breaking crowds, in just a few months.”
You could say Dalimonte’s own star is rising in the fashion world too. As more performers tap her for one-of-a-kind looks, Vogue caught up with the designer to chat about her inspirations, process, and what she wants to create next.
Vogue: Can you tell us about when you first started designing?
Lacey Dalimonte: My earliest designs were more conceptual with a “fashion for fashion’s sake” approach. I have a deep love and appreciation for avant-garde pieces that are destined for the runway. But as recognition for my name and brand grew, I began to get approached by celebrity clientele who wanted something custom they could not only wear onstage but sometimes even do the splits in, often to be delivered in a matter of days. These projects have helped me adapt and innovate through tough problems surrounding functionality, quick changes, and fabricating something beautiful that can also take a beating night after night.
I’ve always aspired to be a multifaceted designer, so over the years, I’ve also taken on roles to work as part of a team in positions that challenged me and my creative process in different ways. While some things have always been constant, each experience has taught me new things about myself and helped shape me into the designer I am today.
When did you start posting your process on TikTok? You have quite a following there.
January 2021 was my first TikTok. I honestly hesitated to even start one, but now it’s my preferred platform. It allows me to let go a little; I tend to be a perfectionist when it comes to sharing my work elsewhere. Not everything has to be so serious, and I love the creativity TikTok brings. It has helped me reach an entirely new audience while also supporting and connecting with other small, independent artists.
Did you ever expect your fashions to resonate with people so much?
I have a family VHS tape of myself at four years old, nudging my little brother out of focus, saying, “I’m the star!”—if that tells you anything. I’ve always had big dreams from a very young age and am working my ass off to achieve them. I never do things for others’ approval but feel lucky to have found my audience and love connecting with them.
I take pride in my craftsmanship and love sharing my process to show the amount of detail and intention that goes into everything I do. Having my work appreciated and reaching the right people has truly meant so much to me. It has helped me keep going when I’ve felt burnout from sleepless nights and the not-so-glamorous sides of fashion. It’s surreal to go from working on something in my small home studio to seeing it be loved by thousands, sometimes millions, of people.
What would you say generally inspires your work?
Sometimes, it’s more of a feeling than something I can put into words. Other times, it’s as simple as finding an oddity at the antique store that sparks an idea. A few things I draw inspiration from are fetish, period corsetry, innovative technology, couture craftsmanship, and historical garments.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
You have created looks for so many artists. How did they find you?
I’m still in disbelief that I’ve gotten to work with such iconic artists and humbled to even be on their radar! All my projects have come about as a result of a lot of moving parts. The effort you put into taking chances and putting yourself out there can wind up creating the circumstances that lead to those kinds of opportunities. I’ve worked hard to build strong and meaningful relationships throughout my career and spent endless hours strategizing ways to get my name out there, never sacrificing the integrity of the work that defines my brand.
Social media has played a huge part in all of it and has allowed me to connect with people I aspire to work with and be discovered too. Most often I’m working with the stylists of these artists, who either contact me through Instagram or email. Occasionally I’m connected through peers I’ve worked with in the past. In truth, there’s no one way of navigating the fashion industry. I’m still figuring it out. It’s a chaotic, tightly interwoven web, and it’s a lot smaller than some may think.
Tell us about this fabulous robe coat you made for Chappell Roan. What was the inspiration?
I designed an opening look for the Boston Calling Music Festival, commissioned by her stylist Genesis Webb. She has very theatrical shows with designated dress-code themes for her fans, which I love, and this one was My Kink Is Karma—her black and red sultry theme. We were inspired by vintage burlesque and showgirl references, and I immediately began sketching a dramatic, camp boudoir robe. To elevate the look, I combined black ostrich feathers, faux fur, horsehair, and real hair extensions for the collar, cuffs, and hem to give it an exaggerated silhouette, even sculpting the hair with hairspray and gel to get the right look.
Growing up as a professional dancer, I loved getting ready in front of my vanity and had the idea that every showgirl needs her accessories on hand. I adorned the collar like an I Spy book but with everything that could be found in her dressing room: crystallized matches, cigarettes, hair rollers, lipstick, a tiara, locks and keys, vintage brooches, pearls and chains, and heart lockets with a picture of herself—and Divine, of course. For the robe base, I was lucky to source a vintage deadstock metallic red and black brocade that was buried in the back of a shop in the fashion district. It’s like a treasure hunt, trying to find something you’ve envisioned but don’t know if it exists, all while on a deadline from sketch to reality in a little over a week.
Have you had a favorite celebrity look you’ve done thus far?
The first that comes to mind is working on Madonna’s Celebration Tour last year, because it was one of the most rewarding experiences of my career. Listening to her rehearse live while creating her Western leather corset just a few feet away was surreal! I had the opportunity to develop and enjoy the design process in a deeper way than I had in a while. It’s also so inspiring to be surrounded by such talented people who have been doing it forever and share tips and tricks you’d only learn on the job. I was brought onto her team by my brilliant friend Sam Ososki as the leather specialist, but that quickly evolved into so much more. Witnessing Madonna’s artistry and dedication impacted me forever, and to be a part of such an iconic team was a dream.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Anything you want to create next?
After years of custom-driven projects, I’m hoping to shift back to designing on my own time, establishing myself as a brand, and continuing to grow Lacey Dalimonte into the empire I envision it to be. I’m eager to fully immerse myself in the creative process, see where it takes me with developing new pieces, and push toward collections—while continuing to connect with people through my work and building a brand where all the freaks are welcome.
I have tons of people I aspire to work with, but I would love to design looks for Lady Gaga’s new album. Growing up in a small town in Michigan as a fashion outcast, she’s always been an inspiration for me. Coincidentally, she was my first major commission in 2020 during the Chromatica era, but I would love the full-circle moment to create for her now that I’m a more experienced designer. Also, Megan Thee Stallion, Law Roach, Rihanna, Dita Von Teese, and Britney Spears—feel free to call anytime too!
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty