In keeping with the lyrics of the Billie Eilish tune “Birds of a Feather” she sang in her Monday night battle on NBC’s “The Voice,” West Seneca West junior Sydney Sterlace didn’t want to say goodbye to the reality singing competition.
And she won’t have to.
The 15-year-old Sterlace was chosen by her coach, Gwen Stefani, in the Battle Round competition with 19-year-old Sloane Simon of Pittsburgh.
Sydney Sterlace advances on “The Voice.”
Stefani’s choice came after two of the three other judges on the program, Michael Buble and Reba McEntire, said they would have voted for Sloane because she was older and appeared to be more ready to continue.
There was some doubt about Stefani’s decision due to the suggestions from the other judges.
Stefani said she was “going to go with from this little voice inside of me” and picked Sydney.
“She can take care of the lyric and she is dynamic,” said Stefani. “And she really did grow from rehearsal. She listened to me.”
It was a happy ending for both young singers as Buble, McEntire and Snoop Dogg all voted to steal Sloane and allowed her to stay in the competition. She chose Buble as her coach.
It is still early in the competition. The Battle Rounds start with 14 singers cut down to nine on each of the four coaches’ teams. The next step is the Knockout Rounds among three singers at a time. Then it is on to the playoffs between five-member teams. Only two artists from each team make the live shows.
In an interview after singing Olivia Rodrigo’s “Drivers License” for her blind audition, Sydney said her mother, Stefanie, convinced her to try out for the show.
“My mom pushed me to audition. She just told me just to try and the worst that can happen is I don’t make it,” said Sydney.
At age 3, Sydney’s mother saw something special in her voice and sent her to local voice coach Debbie Monroe of Bello Voice Studio.
“I was really young, it was before I could even read,” she recalled.
She was too young then. She was brought back to Monroe for lessons when she was about 8 years old.
“My mom always tells me that she would listen to me sing, ‘Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star’ around the house. And she said, ‘your voice sounds different than a regular little kid.’ She put me in singing lessons and I just haven’t stopped singing.”
She credits Monroe for her advancement.
“She’s been very helpful,” said Sydney. “She’s helped me with a bunch of different things with stage presence, with my voice. She’s definitely been one of the people who has helped me get to where I am right now.”
She credited Stefani for preparing her to sing “Birds of a Feather,” which Eilish sang two nights earlier on “Saturday Night Live.”
“She (Stefani) gave me a song that’s out of my comfort zone,” said Sydney. “She told me to add like the teenage angst and the sass to the song because it’s not really a song that I normally sing. She helped me with my stage presence and confidence for my battle song.”
“I usually sing like slow ballads, and it was a little bit like out of that area for me. I think she was trying to challenge me and see if I can do different things because if you want to be an artist you have to be able to do a lot of different styles.”
Sydney has performed at the Music is Art Festival, coffee shops and nursing homes here and was in the ensemble of a school production of “Mamma Mia.”
She now wants to use her voice to prove something on the reality show.
“I think being 15, I just hope that I can show everybody that you can do whatever you want to do. And if you keep working at something that you love to do, age doesn’t matter. Because I think one thing is like being 15, a lot of people are like, ‘she wouldn’t make it far.’ So I want to show everyone that you can.”
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
TV Critic
“I haven’t met anyone who sings as good as you,” "Voice" judge Snoop Dogg said of 15-year-old Sydney Sterlace.
The 15-year-old became one of two singers during the playoff round on Team Gwen Stefani to advance to the upcoming live shows with seven other…
“She moves me,” said her coach, Gwen Stefani. “When she gets on the stage, I want to see more, and I don’t want to let her go home.”
Sydney began her run on "The Voice" during the blind audition episode when she sang Olivia Rodrigo's "Driver's License" and earned the coveted…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.