Ten years ago, “Weird Al” Yankovic made history, as he is wont to do. “Mandatory Fun,” his 14th and final studio album, debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200. It was not only unprecedented for Yankovic, but unprecedented for his genre as a whole: Never before had a comedy album debuted at the top spot.
“I know it feels ironic to decide to stop making albums after having had a number one album,” Yankovic told The Associated Press over Zoom. “But I just like the freedom of being able to really use whatever I want, whenever I want, and not have to be beholden to a label.”
As an exercise of that freedom, and to celebrate 10 years of “Mandatory Fun,” Yankovic has released a new polka medley, “Polkamania!,” a creative cover of some of the biggest songs of the last decade: Billie Eilish’s “Bad Guy,” Adele’s “Hello,” Miley Cyrus’ “Flowers,” “We Don’t Talk About Bruno” from Disney’s “Encanto,” Olivia Rodrigo’s “Vampire,” Lil Nas X’s “Old Town Road,” Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee’s “Despacito,” Ed Sheeran’s “Shape of You,” Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars’ “Uptown Funk,” Cardi B and Megan Thee Stallion’s “WAP,” Ariana Grande’s “Thank U, Next” and Taylor Swift’s “Shake It Off.”
The interview, in which Yankovic discusses the anniversary, the new song, and just what makes the accordion a funny instrument, has been edited for clarity and brevity.
AP: Ten years ago, you told the AP that “Mandatory Fun” would be your last album. Does it still feel that way?YANKOVIC: It does. You know, I got a pretty good sense 10 years ago of what I wanted to do. It still makes sense to me, in that releasing 12 songs at a time doesn’t feel like the best business model for me, because I like to be topical. And if you have to sit around and wait till you have 12 songs, so you can release them all at once, sometimes that means that a few of those tracks are not going to be quite so topical.
AP: And it debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200.YANKOVIC: I never dreamed it would happen. No. It really took me by surprise, because, as you said, there was no precedent for it. Comedy albums just didn’t do that well on the charts. And the fact that I had a couple top 10 albums, I thought, “Oh, well, great. That’s amazing.” And I saw other comedy artists also have big hit albums, but nobody was making No. 1. Comedy just didn’t do that. So, when I was able to pull that off, against all odds, that was a big deal for me. That was very emotional because I had done something that I just thought was far beyond the realm of possibility.
AP: You’re celebrating the 10 years of “Mandatory Fun” with “Polkamania!” Why another polka medley?YANKOVIC: Well, it’s several things. I wanted to do it because I hadn’t released anything in a while and at some point I want to be back on the road and touring, and it would be nice to have some new material to play live.
And also, another reason is that over the last 10 years, there are a lot of songs that have been on the charts that, for whatever reason, I didn’t take a shot at. And I just thought that those were missed opportunities. I wanted to circle back and pay tribute to a lot of those big hits over the last 10 years.
AP: How did you select the songs to parody?YANKOVIC: I started by limiting it to songs that have been No. 1 on the Billboard charts. That narrowed it down quite a bit to begin with. I didn’t do like one song per year, but I wanted it to be pretty spread out over that 10-year period. And (I picked) songs that I thought were iconic and artists who I thought were iconic, with some of the most memorable songs — songs that had a very identifiable, hook to them. And, you know, (there was) a lot of personal preference as well.
Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP)

				This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.				Accept Read More