Watch CBS News

Updated on:  February 4, 2024 / 8:31 PM EST
          / CBS News
        
Grammy nominees Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, Olivia Rodrigo and Sza, legendary singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell, and U2 are among the performers taking the stage at the 2024 Grammys on Sunday, Feb. 4, the Recording Academy has announced.
Billie Eilish is nominated for six Grammy Awards this year, with "What Was I Made For?" up for Song of the Year; Dua Lipa is nominated for two Grammy Awards with "Dance The Night" up for Song of the Year; and Olivia Rodrigo is nominated for six Grammy awards with "vampire" up for Song of the Year. The three singers have won a combined 14 Grammys before their latest nominations.
This year's top Grammy nominees include SZA, who earned the most nods in nine categories, followed by Phoebe Bridgers, Serban Ghenea, and Victoria Monét, who earned seven nominations each. Jack Antonoff, Jon Batiste, boygenius, Brandy Clark, Miley Cyrus, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, and Taylor Swift all earned six nominations.
Joni Mitchell, 80, won her 10th Grammy this year for her live album, "Joni Mitchell at Newport," in the category of Best Folk Album. She received a lifetime achievement award from the Recording Academy in 2002. 
Performers appearing at the 2024 Grammys include:
U2 will be performing from The Sphere in Las Vegas, the groundbreaking high-tech venue where the band began a residency in September.
The Recording Academy says a special In Memoriam segment of the show will feature performances from Stevie Wonder paying homage to Tony Bennett; Annie Lenox honoring Sinead O'Connor, joined by Wendy Melvoin and Lisa Coleman; Jon Batiste honoring Clarence Avant, with participation from Lenny Kravitz; and Fantasia Barrino with a tribute to Tina Turner.
Additional performers may be announced in the lead-up to Sunday's show.
The list of presenters at the Grammys includes Christina Aguilera, Samara Joy, Lenny Kravitz, Maluma, Lionel Richie, Mark Ronson, Meryl Streep, Taylor Tomlinson and Oprah Winfrey.
Taylor Swift could have a very big night at the Grammys, with six nominations including Album of the Year for "Midnights." If she clinches that category it would be her fourth career win for Album of the Year, the most for any artist. She's also making headlines for her hugely successful Eras Tour and her romance with the Kansas Chiefs' Travis Kelce.
But will she perform at the Grammys? While a surprise can't be completely ruled out, Taylor Swift has not been announced as a performer.
Fans have also been speculating about the possibility of a Beyoncé performance — but Queen Bey has not been announced as a performer in this year's Grammys show.
You can watch the Grammy performances and all the big winners being announced as the Grammy Awards will return to Los Angeles' Crypto.com Arena on Sunday, Feb. 4, 2024, airing live on the CBS Television Network and streaming on Paramount+ beginning at 8 p.m. ET / 5 p.m. PT. 
That follows special live coverage of the Grammys red carpet you can stream on CBS Los Angeles from 6:30 p.m.-8 p.m. ET / 3:30 p.m.-5 p.m. PT. Join Suzanne Marques, KCAL entertainment reporter and host of "The Lot", for Live From the Red Carpet: The GRAMMYs, talking with nominees, presenters and personalities as they make their way into the show. KCAL's Lesley Marin will be joined by fashion stylist Jennifer Rodriguez to break down red carpet looks and music writer Suzy Exposito to offer insight into nominees and what to expect.

© 2024 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.