It wasn't a very eventful Billboard 200 for the tracking week that ended September 12, but it was significant as it continued to show the staying power of Sabrina Carpenter's "Short n' Sweet." The album topped the chart for the third week in a row, dropping just 25% to 117,000 equivalent album units based on its combined traditional album sales, individual track sales and online streams. So even though none of her previous albums reached the top 20, she has now achieved six-figure unit totals for three weeks in a row with her latest. Read more about this week's chart here at Billboard.com.
Everything in the top five this week showed impressive stability. In fact, the top six spots on the chart are exactly the same as they were last week. Post Malone's "F-1 Trillion" was at number-two with 72,000 units. Chappell Roan's "The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess" stayed at number-three with 57,000 units. Morgan Wallen's "One Thing at a Time" maintained its number-four position with 52,000 units. And Taylor Swift's "The Tortured Poets Department" stuck to number-five with 51,000 units. Just missing the top five was Billie Eilish's "Hit Me Hard and Soft," locked in at number-six with 47,000 units.
In our weekly Billboard 200 predictions contest, the vast majority of game players were correct that "Short n' Sweet" would remain at number-one, though we underestimated again just how well it would do: our consensus was that it would achieve fewer than 100,000 album units. The rest of the top five was a little harder to predict despite everything staying put.
For instance, the lion's share of players placed "Midwest Princess" at number-two and "F-1 Trillion" at number-three, instead of the other way around. We also just missed the mark betting on number-four: our combined odds favored "Tortured Poets" instead of "One Thing at a Time." And we thought number-five would be "Hit Me Hard and Soft," not "Tortured Poets." Despite a tricky predictions week, though, seven users got a perfect score answering this week's prediction questions. How well did you do? Find out here.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media