The stars were out at Hollywood's biggest night, but so were their parents and siblings.
Christina House / Los Angeles Times via Getty Images
 The hottest accessory at the 96th Academy Awards was family!

 A slew of A-list stars brought their parents and siblings as their plus-ones for Hollywood’s biggest night.

 Before Ryan Gosling brought the house down with his much-anticipated performance of “I’m Just Ken” from the Barbie movie, he posed on the red carpet with his equally gorgeous sister Mandi. The two even coordinated outfits, with Ryan wearing a black Gucci suit with silver accents, and his sister wearing a deep-plunging black, gold, and silver dress. The Supporting Actor nominee also had extra support at the event from his mom Donna Gosling and his stepdad Valerio Attanasio.

 While Gosling and his wife, actress Eva Mendes, are known for skipping events together, Eva couldn’t resist expressing her admiration for her husband on Instagram. Wearing the same pink bedazzled jacket and cowboy hat Gosling wore for his performance, she captioned the photo, “You took Ken all the way to the Oscar’s [sic], RG. Now come home, we need to put the kids to bed,” she concluded with a kiss emoji sign. The two share daughters Esmeralda Amada, 9, and Amada Lee, 7.

Jeff Kravitz / FilmMagic via Getty Images
 Speaking of kids, actress Vanessa Hudgens surprised fans with her “plus one,” revealing her pregnant belly on the red carpet. The High School Musical alum served as host of the Oscars pre-show Countdown to Oscars: On the Red Carpet Live! 

 While wearing a tight, floor-length black gown she playfully cradled her belly in red carpet photos. Hudgens married MLB player Cole Tucker in Tulum, Mexico in December.

Frederic J. Brown/ AFP via Getty Images
 Bradley Cooper is no stranger to having his mom, Gloria Campano, as his date at almost every awards show he attends. The Best Actor nominee's endearing tradition has become a recurring theme, even prompting Oscars host Jimmy Kimmel to comment on it during his opening monologue.

 “Bradley brings his mother to every award show,” Kimmel quipped. “Last year at the Oscars, and the Tonys, and the Soul Train Awards.” He added with a sly grin, “It’s very sweet but I guess the question is, how many times can one bring his mom as his date before he is actually dating his mom?”

Robert Gauthier / Los Angeles Times via Getty Images
 Dynamic brother and sister duo Billie Eilish and Finneas O’Connell achieved a historic feat, becoming the youngest-ever two-time Oscar winners. Their victory in the Best Original Song category for Barbie’s “What Was I Made For?” marked their second win after the Bond theme “No Time To Die,” in 2022. In their acceptance, they of course thanked their parents. But Eilish also thanked her choir teachers and dance teachers!

 Jeffrey Wright, who snagged a Best Actor nomination for his role in American Fiction, proudly showed off his kids Elijah and Juno on the red carpet.

 The Holdovers director Alexander Payne, whose film was nominated for Best Picture, brought his adorable 6-year-old daughter as his plus-one. Family presence wasn't exclusive to nominees, as presenters and attendees also embraced the trend.

 Broadway legend Rita Moreno, who presented the Best Supporting Actress award, walked the Oscars red carpet with her daughter Fernanda Luisa Gordon. Valerie Bertinelli stepped out with her son Wolfgang Van Halen. Oscar winner Marlee Matlin matched in purple with her son, Tyler Grandalski, and singer Andrea Bocelli sported matching black tuxedos with his son Matteo.

 Actor and comedian David Alan Grier talked about his 15-year-old daughter Luisa on the ABC Oscars pre-show and his promise that he’d bring her to the party.

 "When Lulu was in grade school, the morning after the Oscars, she said, 'Daddy, I want you to take me to the Oscars next year,’” he recalled.

 "I said, 'I'd love to. Now, I need you to get me a script. Get that script produced. It needs to be a good part. Something like where someone died. We'll both get to the Oscars!' But here we are, belatedly," he laughed.

Kevin Winter / Getty Images
 The most endearing Oscars “dates” were two young students who were featured in the Oscar-winning Short Documentary The Last Repair Shop, and walked the red carpet.

 11-year-old Porché Brinker, who donned a light blue sparkly gown, stole the spotlight as she took the stage with directors Ben Proudfoot and Kris Bowers to accept the Oscar award. The short documentary dives into the inner workings of a workshop that is dedicated to providing free musical instrument repairs for Los Angeles students. Her presence on stage became a poignant representation of the film’s message and the familial bond she created with its creators.

Rich Polk / Variety via Getty Images
 In her emotional acceptance speech, Best Actress winner Emma Stone thanked her husband Dave McCary but concluded by shouting out her daughter, Louise.

 "And, most importantly, my daughter, who's gonna be 3 in three days and has turned our lives technicolor," the star said. "I love you bigger than the whole sky, my girl." (In case you don't recognize that reference, "Bigger Than the Whole Sky" is the name of a song on Taylor Swift's album Midnights.)

 The Oscar Awards were more than just a celebration of cinematic excellence; they also served as a poignant reminder that amid the grand spectacle of Hollywood's glamour, it was also a moment to honor and celebrate the essence of family.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)