Amnon Harman and Herve Guillaume
BACKNANG, Germany and MARCOUSSIS, France – Pro audio technology companies d&b audiotechnik and L-Acoustics have joined forces in a new collaboration to advance technologies and tools for the benefit of the industry. The first result of this alliance is a project to jointly develop an innovative software platform designed to revolutionize the configuration and management of Milan AVB networks.
More details from d&b (www.dbaudio.com) and L-Acoustics (www.l-acoustics.com):
In a remarkable departure from traditional competition, born from the companies’ shared commitment within the Avnu Alliance, L-Acoustics and d&b audiotechnik are co-designing a new software platform that addresses some of the challenges which currently discourage widespread adoption of Milan AVB technology. The software will be a neutral and free-to-use solution that eliminates any branding affiliations to help further foster universal acceptance. This collaboration reflects the commitment of the two manufacturers to removing barriers and paving the way for broader adoption of Milan AVB, the most stable and open networking technology.
Both companies believe in the high performance reliability of Milan AVB to enhance the artist’s art and the audience’s emotion. This project is a testament to their combined dedication to advancing technological standards in professional live events. While d&b audiotechnik and L-Acoustics lead the initial development, the project actively encourages additional contributors, emphasizing inclusivity and collective industry advancement.
L-Acoustics and d&b audiotechnik are also collaborating with SoundPLAN on the key issue of noise impact, working to define an exchange format between professional audio manufacturers’ software and environmental noise simulation software.
“Our two companies each have individual value propositions for our customers, and we will continue to enjoy healthy competition. However, we are also excited to be cooperating on technical standards that will provide value to our industry,” says Amnon Harman, CEO at d&b audiotechnik. “This new form of competing on one side and cooperating on the other side results in higher quality products, faster development times, and better functionality for all of our customers.”
“This groundbreaking collaboration underscores our shared commitment to advancing technology that improves workflow and delivers a memorable experience that connects artist and audience, and a safe and comfortable experience for crew and neighbors,” states Hervé Guillaume, CEO at L-Acoustics Group. “Together, these projects will create benefit for the entire industry, reinforcing our collective strength.”
Milan Manager is set to be officially launched at InfoComm 2024.
About L-Acoustics
L-Acoustics is renowned for developing innovative sound systems and technologies that elevate the listening experience. Founded in France in 1984, L-Acoustics currently employs 800 team members worldwide, with headquarters in Paris, Los Angeles, London, and Singapore. Recognized for pioneering the line source array, L-Acoustics continues to shape the future of sound with solutions such as the L-ISA Immersive Hyperreal Sound technology, which offers 3D multi-dimensional audio. L-Acoustics also provides exceptional concert-grade sound systems and immersive sound spaces for residential and architectural environments. In recognition of introducing these groundbreaking creative technologies, L-Acoustics was named one of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies of 2020 and 2023.
L-Acoustics sound systems can be heard around the globe in venues like the Hollywood Bowl and the Philharmonie de Paris, at the world’s top-grossing festivals such as Coachella and Tomorrowland, international special events like the World Expo 2020 and World Cup 2022, and on tour with world-class artists such as Billie Eilish, Post Malone, Arctic Monkeys, and Jacky Cheung, and in the Las Vegas residencies of Katy Perry, Adele, and more.
1) LA_Herve_Guillaume.jpg – Hervé Guillaume, CEO of L-Acoustics Group
2) db_Amnon_Harman.jpg – Amnon Harman, CEO of d&b audiotechnik
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
"*" indicates required fields
Δ


May 2025Articles | Digital IssueApril 2025Articles | Digital IssueMarch 2025Articles | Digital IssueFebruary 2025Articles | Digital IssueJanuary 2025Articles | Digital Issue
Timeless Communications Corp.
6700 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite C
Las Vegas, NV 89119
P: (702) 932-5585
© 2025 Timeless Communications, LLC
Timeless Communications Corp.
6700 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite C
Las Vegas, NV 89119
P: (702) 932-5585
© 2025 Timeless Communications, LLC