The Fix The Tix coalition is planning a July 9th Day Of Action to push the U.S. Congress to pass comprehensive ticketing reform that protects fans and artists and restores trust in the ticketing experience.
The House of Representatives recently passed The Ticket Act, and the more comprehensive bipartisan Fans First Act is working its way through the Senate. The Tuesday, July 9th Day Of Action is designed to ramp up the pressure on Congress to finally take action.
Fix The Tix coalition members include NIVA, NITO, the RIAA, UMG, Bandsintown, Eventbrite, CashOrTrade, A2IM, and two dozen more industry players.
Over 250 major artists support Fix The Tix, including Billie Eilish, Finneas, Dave Matthews, Cyndi Lauper, Lorde, Sia, Train, Fall Out Boy, and Green Day.
All fans and artists are asked to sign on to this letter of support, which will be sent to their Senators and Representatives.
Artists and music companies are encouraged to support the Day Of Action to activate thier fans by posting to their networks on July 9th. FixTheTix has published a sample script for short videos and provided visual assets for use on social media.
Find more info on Fix The Tix and the Tuesday, July 9th Day Of Action here.
Bruce Houghton is the Founder and Editor of Hypebot, a Senior Advisor at Bandsintown, President of the Skyline Artists Agency, and a Berklee College Of Music professor.
With the internet and digital technologies driving rapid change within the music industry, articles about new releases and who has been hired and fired are no longer enough. Our up to the minute industry news alongside insightful commentary helps our readers sift through the rumors and developments to find the information they need to keep their businesses moving forward.
 Hypebot is read daily by more than 30,000 music industry professionals including executives and senior staff of music related tech firms, internet based music sites, every major label group and most indies as well as many managers, artists and members of the live music community:
Contact us for the latesst stats, ad rates and sponosorship opportunites. We also offer combined rates with MusicThinkTank.
 “I swear by Hypebot every morning over breakfast.” Derek Sivers Founder, CD Baby
 “Hypebot is the most focused music business centric resource we have.” Celia Hirschman One Little Indian, Downtown Marketing & KCRW-FM
 “Well done.” Seth Godin Marketing guru