Satire and Student Features
Bold, sapphic, raw and vulnerable, Billie Eilish’s third album Hit Me Hard and Soft (following the previous release of critically acclaimed albums When We All Fall Asleep Where Do We Go and Happier Than Ever) is, as the title suggests, a confusing mix of emotions, and of highs and lows. In Hit Me Hard And Soft, Eilish tells the story of love, of insecurity, and of lust and obsession. Multiple characters surface throughout her songs – a woman mending her heart after a breakup, a girl lost in a strange world, or a stalker going after his favourite pop star. 
What struck me most, therefore, was the multitude of stories and their refreshingly creative telling. The tension between the “hard” and the “soft” becomes evident in the songs, many of which convey conflicting emotions within one song. L’amour De Ma Vie (French for “love of my life”), for instance, transitions midway from a mournful ballad to a euphoric chant, as she declares “You were so mediocre/And we’re so glad it’s over now”. 
Love, as Billie Eilish suggests, hits both hard and soft. In Lunch, a playful, upbeat, flirty bop, Eilish sings about her obsession with a woman in a song with boldly sapphic undertones. Another song about lust, Bittersuite, (a word play on “bittersweet”) similarly conveys the singer’s forbidden lust for an unnamed lover, singing “I see the way you want me/I wanna be the one…I’ll see you in the suite/We can be discreet”. 
In Birds Of A Feather, Eilish uses the motif of death to bring out the intensity of her love. She writes “I want you to stay/Til I’m in the grave/Til I rot away, dead and buried/Til I’m in the casket you carry”, which is at once beautiful and haunting. Love, in Lunch, Bittersuite and Birds Of A Feather, is exciting, tantalising, and above all, something to get your heart racing. 
I knew you in another life, you had that same look in your eyes. I love you, don’t act so surprised.
But love can at times be soft, sad, and sorrowful. The Greatest, contrary to the title, is a declaration of vulnerability and disillusionment, as Eilish sings about having to fight for love, and how tiring it can get. In a ballad-style song similar to songs in Happier Than Ever, Eilish divulges the heart-wrenching reality of sacrifice, devotion, and unrequited effort, as the build-up in the song parallels her growing disappointment with her lover. Wildflower is similarly a tender, slow-paced song that conveys the singer’s attempts at seeking clarity whilst bound by her regret and guilt after being someone’s “rebound” whilst being his ex’s emotional support (complicated, I know). 
But of course, not all the songs on this album are about love. The opening track, Skinny, for instance, harks back to Eilish’s Oscar-winning track What Was I Made For? in its existential ruminations. Skinny, as the title suggests, discusses body image and the pressure to conform to societal beauty standards. Billie sings “Am I acting my age now? Am I already on my way out?” in an intimate confession of her insecurities. Ultimately, I love the song for its raw turmoil, as well as the line “People say I look happy just because I got skinny/But the old me is still me and maybe the real me/And I think she’s pretty”, which seems to suggest that who you are is never defined by how you look. 
You said your heart was jaded, you couldn’t even break it. 
Two songs I also found really fascinating were Chihiro and Blue. Chihiro is named after the titular character of Spirited Away, the Oscar-winning film from Studio Ghibli. As a huge Spirited Away fan myself, I loved the world-building within the song and the feelings of being lost and vulnerable that were captured in it. Lyrics like “Open up the door, can you open up the door?” and “Tell me it’s all been a trap/don’t know if you’ll make it back” evoke the feeling of a scared child desperate for a way out, a nice nod to the film itself, which follows the journey of Chihiro as she tries to escape the spirit world she stumbles upon and make it back home. 
Blue, on the other hand, explores the ways we are irreversibly shaped by our childhood and growing up. Eilish sings “You were born reaching for your mother’s hands/Victim of your father’s plans to rule the world/Too afraid to step outside”, which I felt was deeply relatable regardless of the character of one’s childhood. 
In all, Hit Me Hard and Soft wonderfully combines the softer, more ballad-like songs with harder, more addictive techno beats in a fashion true to the album’s title. I love the intricate, air-tight world-building and storytelling as well as the immersiveness of the whole album – and I can’t wait to see more.