This week's most important music industry stories in Canada.

Major artists are speaking out about the state of concert ticketing.

	“The current system is broken,” reads a new letter signed by over 250 artists, including Billie Eilish, Green Day, Fall Out Boy, Cyndi Lauper, Lorde and more. The letter, dubbed “Fix The Tix,” addresses pervasive issues in the ticketing industry, like fake tickets, misleading marketing strategies and unclear pricing.

	Addressed to Maria Cantwell and Ted Cruz, the respective Chair and Ranking Member of the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, & Transportation, the letter calls on the legislators to support the Fans First Act. The Act would take a series of steps to make ticketing more transparent for consumers, including banning “deceptive marketing tactics,” which lure fans into “paying more for tickets that may never get them into a show.”

	“Predatory resellers have gone unregulated while siphoning money from the live entertainment ecosystem for their sole benefit,” the letter reads. “As artists and members of the music community, we rely on touring for our livelihood, and we value music fans above all else. We are joining together to say that the current system is broken.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Though the letter addresses American lawmakers, ticket resale practices are not limited to the U.S., and several Canadian acts have signed in support of letter’s aims, including Blue Rodeo, The Sadies, Cowboy Junkies, Suzie Ungerleider and Alvvays’ Alec O’Hanley.

	“Marking tickets up is indicative of yet another layer in a broken system,” Canadian singer-songwriter Lauren Spear, who releases music as Le Ren and signed on to the letter, tells Billboard Canada. “It’s hard enough making money with streaming services taking revenue away from artists. Markups create an invisible hand that both gatekeeps the audience and pockets money that should be going to the labour of the musicians and crew.”

	The Fans First Act would require ticket sellers to display the full price of a ticket from the outset of a purchase, tackling hidden fees that often catch consumers by surprise at the end of a transaction. – Rosie Long Decter

	Like many major labels and streaming companies, YouTube has a major presence in Canada. For artists and content creators, it provides access to an audience that stretches beyond borders.

	“When you think about YouTube, the beauty for all artists and Canadian artists is the global reach,” says Vivien Lewit, Global Head of Artists at YouTube, in an interview with Billboard Canada, after a recent trip to Halifax for the Juno Awards. “There are over two billion really logged in viewers that watch music videos each month on YouTube. The exposure is enormous.”

	With the Online Streaming Act becoming law, digital distributors and media will soon face updated government regulation and possible new forms of Canadian Content requirements. YouTube and its parent company Google have been critical of the act ever since it was introduced as Bill C-11. But much of the company’s criticism revolved around user-created content, which has since been clarified as immune from certain forms of regulation. YouTube maintains an ongoing partnership with record labels in Canada led by Canadian Head of Music Partnerships, Gabriel Obadia.

	YouTube has a number of marketing and support initiatives and programs, and Lewit says they make sure to promote Canadian artists as part of all of them. Those include features like Artist on the Rise and Fifty Deep, a grant program to support Black artists. This year, Francophone Quebec rapper Lost was a participant.

	YouTube Shorts has also been a big driver of the Punjabi Wave, including the B.C.-based Karan Aujla his collaborator Ikky. Together, they made YouTube’s list of most-watched music videos in Canada in 2023, and Aujla has 1.66 billion global plays in the last year. Numbers like those are hard to ignore, and those, along with streaming tallies, proved the potential of Punjabi music well before the Canadian music industry started to support it.

	“It’s fascinating because I hear about the fast-growing popularity of Punjabi music in Canada from both our teams in India and our teams in Canada,” Lewit says.

	In Canada, those YouTube numbers will now be recognized by Music Canada’s Gold/Platinum Singles Program. So, as in the U.S. since 2020, an artist with high stream counts on YouTube (or other Digital Service Providers like Apple Music) could earn a gold or platinum record. 

	Read more here about how YouTube is working with Canadian labels on another potential thread and opportunity: generative AI. – Richard Trapunski
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.