ONE of the UK's leading pop concerts for children, Pop Divas Live!, arrives in Bridgwater this month.


  The critically acclaimed touring production is set to run at The McMillan Theatre on September 29, starting at 2pm.


  Hailed for its family-friendly choreography and lyrics, the show promises a thrilling experience for all young music fans attending.


  According to the event organisers, Pop Divas Live! will feature tributes to a wide range of popular music artists.


  This includes current sensations like Taylor Swift, Dua Lipa, Olivia Rodrigo and Billie Eilish, alongside fan favourites such as Ariana Grande, Katy Perry, Beyonce, Miley Cyrus and others.


  The show will open and close with a tribute to Little Mix.


  A spokesperson for the event said: "Whether you’re a mum or dad who listens on the radio or a little diva who watches on a tablet, you can sing and dance along to all your favourite pop stars."


  The performance will also see a few lucky young fans get the chance to join the performers live on stage to sing and dance.


  The music-filled extravaganza has been created by PJD Productions founder and creative director Phil Dale, alongside the show’s creative lead Katie Barker-Dale.


  Katie, who has been in the entertainment industry for a decade as a professional dancer and choreographer, will bring her extensive experience to the family-friendly event.


  She said: "It's been amazing to see my vision come to life with the help of a fantastic team.


  "I’ve always wanted to create a show like this, and the best part of the whole experience has been seeing the kids and their parents having fun, singing and dancing along together."


  Tickets for Pop Divas Live! on Sunday, September 29, are available from The McMillan Theatre Box Office on 01278 556677 or online via mcmillantheatre.com.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.