With awards season about to kick off, the first months of 2024 be packed with glam red carpet moments.
And if you’re giving your own beauty drawer a New Year’s clean-out, why not invest in products as award-winning as the stars who swear by them?
In addition to a slew of stars’ budget-friendly favorites, Amazon’s vast beauty section includes a shop dedicated to products boasting Allure’s Best of Beauty seal. 
From the makeup sponge celebrities can’t live without to the luxe eye serum Kourtney Kardashian slathers on from head to toe, we’ve spotlighted 10 top beauty and skincare scores worth snapping up ASAP.
After all, you won’t need a Grammy or Golden Globe nomination to shop these acclaimed products — they’re all just a click away.
A shining smile might be the best red carpet accessory. Just ask stars like Ashley Graham and Alix Earle, both of whom rely on Crest’s award-winning whitening strips to keep their pearly whites in tip-top shape.
Earle has name-checked Crest in her TikTok comments, and Graham partnered with Crest while getting ready for the 2017 Met Gala.
From Montecito to Beverly Hills, famous folks swear by Beautyblender’s signature sponge. Meghan Markle’s former makeup artist used it on the “Suits” set, while Kyle Richards once sang its praises in an interview with Page Six Style.
“It’s perfect for blending concealer, foundation and even some of those pesky mistakes — but most importantly, it keeps my hands clean from all the products I’m using,” the “Real Housewives of Beverly Hills” star raved. “Absolute game changer.”
Dyson’s a magnet for celebrity fans, and its viral multi-tasking Airwrap tool is no exception. Kylie Jenner once used it in a TikTok, while her sister Khloé Kardashian told the Hollywood Reporter it “gives you that beautiful blowout look that we all long for, and it’s super easy to use.”
You might say this under-$20 product makes Billie Eilish happier than ever; she once told Vogue she has a tube “with [her] at all times, 24/7.”
Beyoncé is also a fan of the drugstore score, as she told Elle in 2010 that she slathers Aquaphor over her face before bed.
Oprah Winfrey and Drew Barrymore agree on Sunday Riley’s exfoliating powers. The former named it a “Favorite Thing” in 2018, while Barrymore once wrote on Instagram, “I’ve been using this product one to two times a week at night and love the results!” 
Kourtney Kardashian loves this serum so much, she gifted it to all of her friends and family members in Poosh’s summer mailer last year.
“I use this on my whole body, and I know that’s a treat but my body deserves it,” she gushed in an unboxing video.
In addition to Allure’s stamp of approval, this facial toning device also managed to score Oprah’s coveted endorsement. The media mogul included it on her famed “Favorite Things” list in 2023, writing that it’s “for anyone looking for lifting and tightening but afraid of needles.”
These silk scrunchies have had celebrity admirers for years — and they likely won’t slip stars’ minds anytime soon. Hailey Bieber, Taylor Swift and Sofia Richie (to name but a few) all own the fashionable-yet-functional hair ties, designed to minimize breakage. 
While stars like Jennifer Lopez, Billie Eilish and Kim Kardashian swear by Olaplex products, you won’t need to suds up every day to keep your strands clean. In 2023, the company launched an award-winning dry shampoo designed to detoxify the scalp sans washing. 
Brooke Burke and Allure have both endorsed Madison Reed’s at-home root touch-up kit, which scored the magazine’s Best of Beauty Award in 2022.
“It’s about efficiency … and feeling my best [but] not having to make that commitment financially,” Madison Reed partner Burke told Page Six Style.