Trump signed an executive order to end federal funding for NPR and PBS, accusing the organizations of political bias. And, a federal judge ruled Trump's usage of the Alien Enemies Act was unlawful.
The U.S. economy shrank during the first three months of the year and consumer confidence has plummeted. And, Ukraine and the U.S. have signed a minerals deal that both sides say is a win.
House Republicans are focused on passing Trump's "big beautiful bill" by Memorial Day. And, Steve Bannon shows support for Trump's agenda in an interview with NPR's Steve Inskeep.
Nearly half of the respondents in an NPR poll gave Trump an F on the first 100 days of his second term. And, detained student Mohsen Madhawi speaks with Morning Edition's Leila Fadel.
Critics say the Trump administration is making mistakes as it tries to drive up deportation numbers. And, Canada's election for the next prime minister is heavily influenced by Trump.
National Adopt a Shelter Pet Day is on April 30. To bring awareness to the day, the Up First newsletter is sharing some stories from readers about how their pet has impacted their lives.
Russia launched a deadly strike on the Ukrainian capital of Kyiv. Trump says he wants peace quickly. And, NPR looks inside Sudan's capital city of Khartoum after two years of war.
Trump is changing his tone about tariffs on China, but it is unclear if he will change any policies. And, a sweeping list of executive actions targeting higher education and K-12 schools.
The International Monetary Fund is warning that President Trump's tariffs could pose significant challenges for the global economy. And, Pope Francis' body lies in state until his Saturday funeral.
The White House is searching for a new defense secretary to replace Pete Hegseth after a second Signal group chat controversy. And, Pope Francis' legacy is remembered worldwide.
Gone at age 88, Pope Francis was one of the most popular popes in decades and a towering figure on the world stage. And, House Democrats visit El Salvador to demand Kilmar Abrego Garcia's return.
A shooting on Florida State University's campus has left two people dead and six people injured. And, President Trump criticizes the Fed chairman for not cutting interest rates.
Trump's administration is exploring ways to detain U.S. citizens involved in criminal activity and send them to Salvadoran prisons. And, Trump's tariffs lead Americans to splurge before they hit.
Trump has signed an executive action aimed at lowering prescription drug prices. And, the president threatened to revoke Harvard University's tax-exempt status after it rejected government demands.
A whistleblower who works at NLRB says that DOGE may have taken sensitive labor data. And, the Trump administration froze over $2 billion for Harvard after it rejected demands.
Trump spared electronics from his sweeping tariffs. Here's why he wants to levy semiconductors next. And, the Federal Trade Commission's antitrust case against Meta  begins today.
China retaliated against the imposed U.S. tariffs with a hefty 125% tariff on U.S. goods. And, how people on college campuses feel about free speech since President Trump has been in office.
Yesterday, Trump abruptly announced a pause to big, sweeping tariff hikes for most countries. And, teachers across the U.S. share how freedom of speech is changing in their classrooms.
Trump's new sweeping tariffs took effect after midnight. China says it's toughing out the trade war. And, the Supreme Court ruled that firings of thousands of federal workers could proceed.
President Trump defended his new tariffs and asked for patience as experts warn of economic repercussions. And, immigration advocates worry about SCOTUS' Alien Enemies Act ruling.
Trump's trade war against most of the world has caused global markets to fall drastically. And, a second child in Texas has died from measles as the outbreak continues to spread.
National Adopt a Shelter Pet Day is on April 30. To celebrate, NPR wants to know how your pet has changed your life. We would also love to see photos of your purr-fect fur-ever friend.
President Trump's new tariffs are expected to take effect tomorrow. Small retailers are bracing for the impact. And, Trump denies reports of Laura Loomer's influence in yesterday's NSC firings.
Trump announced new tariffs on goods from all countries yesterday. Economists are worried about the domestic and worldwide impact this could cause. And, TikTok nears its sell-by date.
Trump is expected to impose "reciprocal tariffs," which economists believe could be painful for U.S. consumers. And, the Trump administration says it mistakenly deported a man to El Salvador.
Florida Democrats believe they have a chance to pick up one of two congressional seats in the special election races. And, Trump is expected to announce new tariffs tomorrow, worrying investors.
President Trump says he isn't ruling out the possibility of seeking a 3rd term in office. And, an executive order targets the Smithsonian Institution to restore "sanity to American history."
Secretary of State Marco Rubio says hundreds of visas have been revoked in an effort to repress student activism. And, the Trump administration plans to cut 20,000 jobs from health agencies.
Trump announced he'll impose 25% tariffs on imported cars starting next week. The decision received mixed reactions. And, Democrats are demanding answers after bombing plans were discussed on Signal.
Top Democrats call for an investigation into how war plans were shared with a journalist on Signal. And, federal employees face complications and shortages when returning to the office.
A journalist at The Atlantic was unintentionally added to a group chat with top U.S. national security officials discussing war plans. And, the legal battle over the Alien Enemies Act continues.
Israel is considering plans for a full-scale ground invasion of Gaza within a few months. And, examining the pros and cons of "buy-now, pay-later" loans.
President Trump signed an executive action yesterday to start shutting down the Education Department, which could hurt low-income and rural schools. And, this week's new music, movies and books.
The Federal Reserve held interest rates steady yesterday as concerns loom over President Trump's new tariffs. And, a judge denied a request to block DOGE's takeover of the U.S. Institute of Peace.
A federal judge ruled that Elon Musk and DOGE likely violated the Constitution when shuttering the USAID. And, a look at when egg prices are likely to drop.
A federal judge is requesting the DOJ give a sworn declaration about deportations over the weekend. And, Israel launched surprise airstrikes in Gaza early Tuesday, killing over 400.
Residents are assessing damage from severe weather that hit multiple U.S. states over the weekend. And, hundreds of people accused of being in a Venezuelan gang have been deported.
Senate Democrats must choose between a government shutdown or a bill they hate, as the deadline to pass a spending bill looms.
The Environmental Protection Agency announced yesterday plans to reconsider more than two dozen rules. And, astronauts "stranded" on the International Space Station may be able to return to Earth.
The Department of Education said it will cut around 50% of its workforce. And, the U.S. has announced it will be resuming military aid to Ukraine.
The stock market fell yesterday as investors worry that Trump's tariffs will slow the economy and possibly lead the U.S. into a recession. And, fatal fentanyl overdoses are down in every U.S. state.
House Republicans unveiled a bill that has to be approved by Friday to avoid a government shutdown. And, what we know about Mark Carney, who won the leadership contest for Canada's Liberal Party.
Since 1995, presidents have issued a series of proclamations celebrating Women's History in March. NPR readers share stories of the women who have made the biggest impacts on their lives.
The Labor Department will release the monthly jobs report card today, which is expected to show solid growth. But that's not the whole picture. And, the White House will host a cryptocurrency summit.
President Trump announced a one-month reprieve from import tariffs for automakers after he imposed them on Canada and Mexico. And, thousands of fired USDA workers return to work today.
President Trump delivered a partisan address to a joint session of Congress last night, boasting about his accomplishments from the first six weeks. And, China projects confidence in its economy.
Trump will deliver a speech to Congress tonight, during which he is expected to discuss steps he has taken to further his agenda since taking office. And, Canada and China retaliate against tariffs.
Several global leaders pledged support for Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy's efforts to stop Russia's war. And, heartfelt speeches, a big surprise and history were made at the Oscars.
Trump and Zelenskyy are expected to meet today in Washington, D.C., to sign a preliminary deal. And, AOC tells NPR why she believes the government only works for the wealthy.
Nearly all USAID programs have been eliminated. One official says it's a "global health massacre." And, a federal judge will hear arguments over the decision to fire thousands of probationary workers.
House Republicans rallied together yesterday to pass multitrillion-dollar plan to address defense, immigration and more. And, why farmers don't like the idea of vaccinating poultry for bird flu.
Is there a woman who has impacted your life in a profound way? NPR wants to hear your story.
Trump's funding freezes could threaten the Colorado River. Some money was intended to keep the shrinking river flowing. And, the U.S. voted against a U.N. peace resolution for Ukraine.
Medicaid cuts loom over House Republicans' budget reconciliation. Rep. Jeff Hurd, R-Colo. says the "right reforms," like work requirements and stopping "improper" spending, could save money.
Shein and Temu goods might not be so cheap anymore. Starting today, the U.S. will start collecting import fees on small packages from China, much of which comes from Chinese e-commerce sites.
With nearly 40 years of legal practice, lawyer Abbe Lowell has represented many powerful people. Now he's starting a new law firm to represent those who have drawn the ire of President Trump.
Ed Martin, President Trump's pick for U.S. attorney for D.C., is distancing himself from a Jan. 6 rioter known for antisemitic views. NPR's reporting raises questions about his ties to the rioter.
Broadway isn't just back — it's raising the bar. Buena Vista Social Club, Death Becomes Her and Maybe Happy Ending tied for most nominations. Plus, nods to George Clooney, Nicole Scherzinger and more.
The interim U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia has sent letters to several leading medical journals asking for information about their editorial practices.
Scientists have created a broadly effective antivenom using the blood of a Wisconsin man who has spent years exposing himself to deadly snakebites from black mambas, taipans, cobras and many others.
The Trump administration has decimated an agency responsible for carrying out much of the research and prevention efforts to curb exposure to dangerous substances and situations in the workplace. 
U.S. employers added 177,000 jobs in April — a modest slowdown from the previous month, while the unemployment rate held steady at 4.2%.
After backing Joe Biden in 2020, Asian American voters in Nevada swung decisively toward Donald Trump in 2024. Now, they reflect on how his presidency is going so far. 
Formula 1 racing has a ban on cursing, with fines starting at about $46,000. NPR's Scott Simon explains why drivers are darn unhappy with that.
As he prepares to enter the seclusion of a conclave to elect a new pope, Cardinal Vincent Nichols, the Archbishop of Westminster, reflects on diversity and sexual abuse in the Catholic Church.