We keep you informed.
It's now November, and that means UNC's a cappella season is in full swing. Various a cappella groups on campus are in the midst of concert performances and preparation. The Clef Hangers, Psalm 100, the Tarpeggios and Cadence held their fall semester concerts this past Friday and Saturday. 
The overarching theme of each concert widely varied among the groups. The Tarpeggios show, called Tarps on the Farm, heavily leaned into a country and folksy vibe. Cadence's show was titled Dreaming of Cadence, taking on a fun, carefree slumber party theme. 
While Cadence usually pulls from the pop genre, the group performed “Circus” by Summer Walker on Saturday, showing they can venture into indie and R&B songs. 
“Watching the girls rally around music and wanting to put in the work, I think has just been so rewarding for me as somebody who cares so much about the music,” Olivia Stokes, Cadence music director, said.
Although some of these shows have passed, there is still much more to come. The Loreleis, the Walk-Ons and Tar Heel Voices have concerts coming up throughout the rest of the month. Tickets are on sale for all performances. 
The Loreleis, UNC's premier upper voices a cappella group, will hold their fall show on Nov. 22 at 8 p.m. Ramya Kunduru, president of the group, said she is most looking forward to the ensemble's rendition of “WILDFLOWER” from Billie Eilish's new album, “HIT ME HARD AND SOFT” at this semester's show. 
For many of these groups, strong community-building is at the heart of what they do. Tar Heel Voices singer Franklin Kennedy said the group engages in a tradition called “Love Week” to manage pre-show stress. During that time, members exchange small gifts and perform thoughtful acts for each other. 
Similarly, the UNC Walk-Ons engage in a “Secret Singer” gift exchange leading up to performance night, President Mason Roth said. Members are randomly assigned a person to give gifts to for the week. 
The Walk-Ons' show, happening Nov. 23 at 7:30 p.m., is titled Walk-Ons Go To Work. The theme draws from the essence of an edgy workplace environment and the office siren trend on TikTok. 
“We just want it to feel like a big party where we're singing, but everyone is just enjoying it,” Roth said. “Those are our friends out there. We're all friends on stage, and it's a really, really fun atmosphere.”
Tar Heel Voices' upcoming concert on Nov. 15 is titled Reality T(H)V, including entertaining pieces inspired by popular reality programs like Survivor, The X Factor and Keeping Up With The Kardashians. 
For many of the a cappella seniors, these shows come with a whirlwind of emotions as they prepare to pass on the torch. However, a shared love and appreciation for their respective tight-knit musical communities is a driving force that keeps them going, even when it's hard to stay optimistic. 
“I think it's very lucky, the community that we formed and the space that we've made to just be vulnerable with each other and to make art together, no matter what the circumstances in our lives, on campus or in the world,” Jack Wilson, Tarpeggios singer, said.
For some groups, a portion of the show's proceeds are donated to community organizations. Cadence donated to a local women's shelter after the performance, which Stokes said was really gratifying and rewarding.  
For more information on upcoming concerts, visit Heel Life or the groups' Instagrams. 
@dthlifestyle | lifestyle@dailytarheel.com

        To get the day's news and headlines in your inbox each morning, sign up for our email newsletters.