The rapper's three most streamed hits have amassed more than 770 million U.K. streams.

													By
												

	Paul Grein


Eminem could tweak the lyric of one of his most famous hits to “Love the Way You Stream.” The American rapper has received a Brit Billion Award by the BPI, which represents the U.K.’s leading music companies. The award recognizes artists who have achieved more than one billion U.K. career streams – a mark that Eminem has met seven times over. He has reached seven billion U.K. streams, as calculated by the Official Charts Company.

	Fifteen of Eminem’s songs have been certified multiplatinum in the U.K. His top three most streamed hits – “Without Me,” the Oscar-winning “Lose Yourself” and “Love the Way You Lie” featuring Rihanna — have accumulated more than 770 million U.K. streams.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Eminem has amassed 11 No. 1 hits on the Official U.K. Singles chart and 11 No. 1 albums on the Official U.K. Albums chart. (By way of comparison, he has landed five No. 1 hits on the Billboard Hot 100 and 11 No. 1 albums on the Billboard 200.)

	A total of 39 artists have been recognized with a Brit Billion award. The roster includes global icons such as Green Day, The Rolling Stones, Queen, ABBA and Whitney Houston; pioneering rap and hip-hop artists including AJ Tracey and Headie One; and chart-dominating pop artists and singer-songwriters, including Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, Camila Cabello, Lewis Capaldi and Raye. 

	The Brit Billion award, which officially launched in 2023, reflects the extent to which streaming has transformed the music landscape over the past decade. More than 85% of the U.K.’s recorded music consumption now takes place through streaming. In 2023 there were a record 180 billion audio streams in the U.K. In the U.K., more than 2,000 artists now annually amass at least 10 million audio streams, while more than 10,000 artists are streamed over a million times.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.