The Eilish siblings are having a moment.
22-year-old Billie is currently midway through her nationwide ‘Hit Me Hard and Soft Tour’ and stopping into NYC’s Madison Square Garden on Oct. 16-18.
As for her older brother Finneas, he just released his second studio album “For Cryin’ Out Loud!” and announced a 2025 tour with the same name.
Ahead of next year’s trek, the ten-time Grammy winner is playing an intimate show at Brooklyn’s Warsaw on Saturday, Oct. 12 to celebrate the record’s release.
He’ll be back next year for a concert that’s officially part of the tour at the Brooklyn Paramount on Saturday, Feb. 22.
Special guest Bad Suns will join him at all 2025 performances in the U.S. and Canada.
“I had the honor of making these songs with some of my closest friends,” Finneas shared on Instagram when announcing the album back in August. “I can’t wait for them to be yours.”
Finneas fans can purchase tickets for all ‘For All Cryin’ Out Loud’ upcoming shows on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale for the newly announced dates is Friday, Oct. 11.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar, including all tour dates, venues, and links to buy tickets, can be found below.
From now through December, Eilish is touring arenas all over North America.
In addition to her aforementioned MSG concerts, she’s also dropping into Newark, NJ’s Prudential Center on Wednesday, Oct. 9.
If you want to see if she’s headed to a venue in your neck of the woods, Billie Eilish’s complete ‘Hit Me Hard and Soft Tour’ schedule can be found here.
The upcoming Oct. 12 Warsaw show isn’t the only album release party Finneas scheduled.
He also performed at Los Angeles’ Ford Theater on Oct. 3. According to Set List FM, here’s what he performed that evening:
01.) “For Cryin’ Out Loud!”02.) “Cleats”03.) “Angel” (Dedicated to Claudia)04.) “What’s It Gonna Take to Break Your Heart?”05.) “Little Window”06.) “I Lost a Friend”07.) “Family Feud” (Dedicated to Billie)08.) “Break My Heart Again”09.) “Till Forever Falls Apart”10.) “Let’s Fall in Love for the Night”11.) “Lotus Eater”
“For Cryin’ Out Loud!” hit shelves on Friday, Oct. 4.
The ten-track album is a gorgeous piece of pop that warrants multiple listens; it’s dense, richly-layered, thoughtful and, most importantly, a hell of a lot of fun. Think Coldplay meets Electric Light Orchestra with a smidge of space-age jazz thrown in at the last minute.
To make the album, Finneas enlisted the talents of his producer friends Aron Forbes, David Marinelli, Lucy Healy, Matthew Fildey, and Miles Morris.
Together, they’ve woven a rich tapestry that will likely add to Finneas’ Grammy trophy haul.
Standout tracks here include the musical theater-esque piano ballad “Starf—er,” plucky ditty “Cleats” and funky “For Cryin’ Out Loud.”
What will stick the most with us though is the hard left turn “Sweet Cherries” takes at the 3:10 mark. The weepy song transforms into a percussive toe tapper seemingly out of nowhere. This transition feels less like something from a songwriting book and more like a magic trick. Truth be told, it’s stopped me dead in my tracks on three listens now and I’ll be going back for a fourth soon. 
If you want to hear for yourself, “For Cryin’ Out Loud” can be found here. 
At all 2025 North American shows, Bad Suns will handle opening duties.
If you’ve never had the pleasure of listening to the dream pop alt-rockers before, we recommend starting with their peppy “Cardiac Arrest,” propulsive “Daft Pretty Boys” and shimmery, trippy “Violet.”
Sound like your kind of thing?
Click here to check out Bad Suns’ complete discography.
A number of gifted singer-songwriters are belting their hearts out on the road these next few months.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live.
• Zayn
• David Kushner
• Benson Boone
• Alec Benjamin
• Conan Gray
Who else is out and about? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change