Miley Cyrus looked incredible as she stripped to a plunging black bra and matching knickers before the Grammys kick off on Sunday.
The Flowers hitmaker, 31, seemed to be ushering in a new era as she showed off the intricate tattoos dotting her upper ribs and right arm. In a string black bra that left her cleavage exposed, Miley slipped into a pair of low-rise panties that hit just below her bellybutton.
Finishing off the daring ensemble was a pair of trendy black stiletto heels with the backs cut out, leaving Miley’s endless legs totally bare along with her toned midriff. She slipped a pair of thin black sunglasses over her eyes and arranged her brunette tresses in a lion’s mane style around her face.
READ MORE: Kylie Jenner fans spot ‘unsanitary’ detail as she strips pantless in oversized fur coat
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
The Tennessee native swiped on a pastel pink pout but otherwise laid off the make-up as she prepared for this weekend’s Grammys, which she is expected to attend. She’s racked up six nominations and will go against other superstars like Taylor Swift and Olivia Rodrigo.
Miley is up for Record of the Year for Flowers and Album of the Year for Endless Summer Vacation, as well as Song of the Year, Best Pop Solo Performance, Best Pop Duo Performance and Best Pop Vocal Album. Fans reckon her latest post could be ushering in a new era for the country-pop superstar.
One fan reacted to the snaps on Instagram: “Pre-Grammy win!” as someone else agreed: “Oh mother mother mother… MY mother!” A third fan wrote: “NEW ERA I SCREAM!”
“She is coming,” another posted. While a fifth social media user said: “WHAT IS HAPPENING?”
Her godmother Dolly Parton has already wished Miley all the best, and hopes she scoops “every” award at the music award ceremony. She told People magazine: “I’m so happy for her. I just hope she wins as many as she can.”
Adding: “I really love her song Flowers. That was a big, big song this past year, and so I hope she wins everything. I’ll be happy for her with whatever she does win. She's my little sweetheart. You know? My little goddaughter, so I feel very close to her.”
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
Dolly says Miley is “nervous and excited” ahead of the ceremony – and she would know exactly how it feels, having won 10 Grammys herself. She was awarded Person of the Year in 2019, and this year she’s nominated for Best Country Solo Performance for her track The Last Thing on My Mind.
Competing for Record of the Year with Miley are Victoria Monét’s On My Mama, Taylor Swift’s Anti-Hero, Olivia Rodrigo’s Vampire, and Billie Eilish’s What Was I Made For? Also in the running are Jon Batiste for Worship, Boygenius for Not Strong Enough and SZA’s Kill Bill.
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.