The Voice alum’s special show at Swallow Hill Music will take place on Friday, October 4.
 By Andy Kahn Sep 25, 2024 • 12:55 pm PDT
Singer-songwriter Alexa Wildish will celebrate the release of her new EP, After Love, with an album release concert at Swallow Hill Music in Denver. Tickets are now available for the full-band celebratory concert show for Friday, October 4.
Based in Lyons, Colorado, Wildish released her self-titled debut EP of original music in 2020. Wildish had a successful run on NBC’s The Voice, appearing on the network’s singing contest series in 2023. 
Arriving this Friday, September 27 and consisting of Wildish’s interpretations of six cover songs, After Love has several ties to her The Voice experience. The tracklist includes a cover of “Songbird” by Fleetwood Mac, which she successfully auditioned with to make The Voice. Fellow The Voice contestant Lennon VanderDoes contributed to the cover of Brandi Carlile’s “This Time Tomorrow.” A cover of Billie Eilish’s “everything i wanted” was often requested during Wildish’s The Voice stint.  
Rounding out the After Love tracklist are Wildish’s takes on Tom Petty’s “You Don’t Know How It Feels,” Cher’s “Believe” and the Keith Whitley-popularized “I’m No Stranger to the Rain.” Recorded with producer Russell Durham in Los Angeles, After Love sees Wildish supported by bassist Benjamin Lazar Davis, guitarist Harrison Whitford and drummer John Fatum.
Wildish will follow this Friday’s release of After Love with an album release concert at Swallow Hill Music in Denver on Friday, October 4. A full band will back Wildish at the show also featuring Courtney Hartman with special guest Russell Durham, and a performance by Lennon VanderDoes. Purchase tickets via the link below and scroll on to stream three After Love singles in advance of the EP’s release on Friday.

Get Alexa Wildish album release concert tickets through Eventbrite.

Get Alexa Wildish album release concert tickets through Eventbrite.

 Loading tour dates
    
 Everything you need to
 Go See Live Music
  Personalized music news & recommendations 
 Create a free account or log in.
 Join or log in via email.
 Not you?
 Forgot password?
 Let’s create your account to get started.
  8 or more characters
  At least 1 letter
  At least 1 number
 We’ll only send you notifications you opt into.
  Valid phone number
 By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.