By GLENN THOMAS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:34, 18 July 2024   |  Updated:  01:38, 18 July 2024   
 34
View  comments
Olivia Wilde is giving a rare peek at her life as a mother.
The actress and director, 40, shared a photo to Instagram on Wednesday of her 7-year-old daughter Daisy Josephine, whom she shares with ex-fiancé Jason Sudeikis.
She captioned the photo with only a fairy emoji. 
Wilde also shares son Otis Alexander, 10, with Sudeikis, 48, whom she was with from 2011 to 2020.
The Booksmart director previously raved about both her kids in January. 'They're so great. They're huge and they're so healthy and happy,' she told People.
Olivia Wilde shared a photo to Instagram on Wednesday of her 7-year-old daughter Daisy Josephine, whom she shares with ex-fiancé Jason Sudeikis
She captioned the photo with only a fairy emoji
'I already feel like they're giant teenagers, but we're having a lot of fun,' added Wilde. 'They're my best friends.
'We have so much fun. They're so active. They're musicians and they're athletes and they're just cool.'
She said, 'They both play drums and they sing and we just have a great time. We're a big karaoke family.'
While revealing her song choices, Wilde explained, 'My go-to changes. It changes a lot. Right now we have a lot of Taylor Swift happening in our house.
'It's wall-to-wall Taylor and Olivia Rodrigo and Billie Eilish,' added Wilde. 'And now Daisy has brought in Dua Lipa, but we're like Taylor first.'
In October, a source told People that she and Sudeikis are 'in a good place' after reaching a 'week-on, week-off' joint custody agreement.
'If there's any resentment over where to live or child custody payments, they certainly don't show it,' they added.
'It's a united front,' the insider added. 'And they are clearly both deeply devoted parents.' 
Wilde also shares son Otis Alexander, 10, with Sudeikis, 48, whom she was with from 2011 to 2020
In October, a source told People that she and Sudeikis are 'in a good place' after reaching a 'week-on, week-off' joint custody agreement
Court documents obtained by DailyMail.com in September showed that the Ted Lasso agreed to pay his ex $27,500 a month in child support, as well as 25% of their childcare expenses
Court documents obtained by DailyMail.com in September showed that the Ted Lasso agreed to pay his ex $27,500 a month in child support, as well as 25% of their childcare expenses.    
Sudeikis infamously had Wilde publicly served with child custody papers during CinemaCon 2022 as she presented Don't Worry Darling.
The exes appear to have been amicably co-parenting, recently spotted on a family outing at a park in Los Angeles.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group