Billie Eilish's album listening party will take place on May 15 in Brooklyn, N.Y.AP
Billie Eilish is taking a quick trip to New York for an album-listening party, and we can’t be more excited.
Before the release of her third album “Hit Me Hard and Soft,” which is set to drop on May 17, Eilish will perform two pre-release album listening parties: one on May 15 in Brooklyn, N.Y. at the Barclays Center and the second on May 16 in Los Angeles.
The singer will only head to New York again during her “Hit Me Hard and Soft: The Tour,” which will begin on Sept. 29 in Quebec and ending on Dec. 17 in Inglewood, Calif.
Alongside her brother and producer FINNEAS, Eilish will make one stop at Prudential Center in Newark on Oct. 9 and three stops at Madison Square Garden in New York City from Oct. 16-18 (if you didn’t make the presale, here’s how to score tickets to one of the shows).
At the Brooklyn arena, American Express card members can access the American Express Card Member Entrance, which allows them to skip the line and enter the arena before non-AMEX card members. Cardholders can also get 10% off on food and drinks at concession stands and two free drinks, including alcoholic beverages, in the 40/40 Club and Modelo Bar.
After her North American tour dates, Eilish will take the tour internationally with concerts across Australia, Europe, the U.K. and Ireland from February through July 2025.
If you want to secure free tickets for the pre-album release listening party in New York, fans have until May 7 at 12 p.m. through Ticketmaster. Fans can request up to two free tickets.
Submissions do not guarantee tickets to the event, and ticket confirmations will be sent out on May 10.
If you miss out on tickets for the listening party but want to still see Eilish live, fans can secure tickets for her tour through StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
TicketCity users can save $15 on orders over $400 using promo code TCITYSAVE15 at checkout.
You can find a full calendar of Billie Eilish’s tour dates here.
Billie Eilish is not the only artist heading out on a big tour this year.
Here are a few more artists you don’t want to miss: Avril Lavigne, Pitbull, Maggie Rogers and Charli XCX with Troye Sivan.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices