Sign up to our free daily newsletter for daily roundups of the biggest headlines and breaking news from SurreyLive
We have more newsletters
Sign up to our free daily newsletter for daily roundups of the biggest headlines and breaking news from SurreyLive
We have more newsletters
A James Bond film widely praised by fans is airing on TV tonight, coinciding with New Year's Eve celebrations. Released in 2021, the Daniel Craig-starring film will be broadcast on ITV1 at 8:45 pm and is also available for streaming on ITVX.
No Time to Die, marking the conclusion of Craig's tenure as 007, features a cast including Rami Malek, Lashana Lynch, Ana de Armas, and Lea Seydoux.
Directed by Cary Joji Fukunaga, the film follows Bond after his departure from MI6, only to be pulled back in for a high-stakes mission by an old acquaintance.
 The film achieved significant box office success, grossing $774 million worldwide, and received critical acclaim for its sendoff of the lead actor, reports the Manchester Evening News. 
Rotten Tomatoes gave it a fresh 83% rating, with critics agreeing that while it may not be the "sleekest or most daring" Bond film, "No Time to Die concludes Daniel Craig's franchise tenure in satisfying style."
The Academy Awards also honored the film, with Billie Eilish winning the Oscar for Best Achievement in Music Written for Motion Pictures for her song of the same name.
Audiences echoed the sentiments of critics, with some declaring it the 'best Bond film. 'One fan was effusive in their praise on IMDB, writing: "Utterly brilliant from start to finish, threw everything you didn't expect at us, Bond showed a completely different side to himself and came out of his shell - never a dull moment and has you on the edge of your seat from start to finish! 10/10."
Another viewer shared their thoughts saying: "We watched this at the cinema today. I've been a life long fan of Bond but I have to say, Craig's performances and portrayal of 007 have been brilliant, brilliant, brilliant. It was the swan song that he deserved, that his loyal fans deserved. The sadness, the wit, action and legendary Bond appeal for all generations to watch."
A third person added their voice to the chorus of approval: "This film has it all and is the best of the best and a fitting end to DC's tenure. This is from a person who has been Bond obsessed for 48 of his 56 years."
Catch No Time To Die on New Year's Eve at 8:45 PM on ITV1