Prepare your air accordion.
Weird Al just announced he’s embarking on his ‘Bigger & Weirder Tour’ that will send him and special guest Puddles Pity Party to venues all over North America from June from September 2025.
Early in the run, the “Like A Surgeon” singer will make four stops in New York.
First, Yankovic is slated to swing into Buffalo’s Darien Lake Amphitheater on July 11. After that, he’ll bring his one-of-a-kind parodies to New York City’s Madison Square Garden on July 12, Bethel’s Bethel Woods Center For The Arts on July 13 and Saratoga Springs’ Saratoga Performing Arts Center on July 17.
And, yes, Weird Al really is going bigger and weirder this time as promised.
“We’re back to doing a full-production high-energy show and playing the hits… and we’re super-sizing the band for this one – adding 4 more musicians! – so we can play a few things we’ve never been able to play live before!” the 64-year-old shared on Instagram. “This show is gonna be INSANE!”
As of now, there is no news about whether or not Yankovic has another album in the works; most recently, he dropped the rousing four-minute “Polkamania!” — which reimagines tunes by Billie Eilish, Adele, Miley Cyrus,  Olivia Rodrigo, Taylor Swift and more as polka — back in July. 
Fans can purchase tickets for all upcoming ‘Bigger & Weirder’ shows on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale is Friday, Sept. 27.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, and links to buy tickets can be found below.
While it appears Weird Al mixes things up at live shows, here’s what he performed at his last full headlining gig in Kahului, HI back on March 26, 2023.
01.) “Fun Zone”02.) “Lame Claim to Fame”03.) “Melanie”04.) “Close but No Cigar”05.) “Bob”06.) “Dare to Be Stupid” (Lounge version)07.) “Dog Eat Dog”08.) “One More Minute”09.) “Good Old Days”10.) “When I Was Your Age”11.) “Nature Trail to Hell”12.) “The Night Santa Went Crazy”13.) “I’ll Sue Ya”14.) “You Don’t Love Me Anymore”15.) “Craigslist”16.) “CNR”17.) “Albuquerque”
Encore
18.) “(You Make Me Feel Like) A Natural Woman” (Carole King cover)19.) “Amish Paradise / Smells Like Nirvana / White & Nerdy / Word Crimes / Yoda”
The above comes courtesy of Set List FM.
This past July, Weird Al released two singles. On top of the aforementioned “Polkamania!,” he also put out “Deja Vu (But Worse)” with The Gregory Brothers.
In the five-minute ditty, Yankovic belts over auto-tuned soundbites from President Joe Biden and Republican candidate Donald Trump. Unfortunately, the track is already a bit dated since Biden dropped out of the race after its release.
That being said, it’s still very fun and includes a deft “Temple of Doom” burn.
If you’d like to hear both goofy tracks, you can find them here.
For those unfamiliar with Puddles Pity Party, who is currently on tour, we’re about to blow your mind.
The vocalist appears onstage in full clown regalia — including caked-on makeup — and delivers earnest, heartbreaking covers of songs you know and love like “All The Small Things,” “Royals,” “Mad World” and more.
For those who want to do a deep dive, click here to find Puddles Pity Party’s complete discography.
It’s a good time to be a comedy fan.
In addition to Weird Al, here are just five huge shows you won’t want to miss when they come to a venue near you.
• Steve Martin and Martin Short
• Larry David
• Jenny Slate
• Jerry Seinfeld with Jim Gaffigan
• Wolves of Glendale
Who else is out and about? Take a look at our list of the 107 biggest comedians on tour in 2024 to find the show for you.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change