Want to feel old? EverQuest is celebrating its 25th anniversary this year, with an all-new expansion for both its and its sister MMORPG.


                    Chris McMullen                


Published: Jan 18, 2024 
Think World of Warcraft and Runescape have been around for a long time? EverQuest has got both of them beat. This year marks its 25th anniversary, and the devs are honoring the occasion with celebratory events and an all-new expansion.

Want to feel really ancient, as in five minutes from crumbling to dust? It's been all of 25 years since MMORPG EverQuest was released, making it older than World of Warcraft, Runescape, and Billie Eilish.


And while it's not as popular as WoW in terms of player count, EverQuest survives with tens of thousands of active players. Publisher and developer Darkpaw Games has a year-long celebration planned, which includes the release of a new expansion.


The developer has modestly dubbed 2024 the "Year of Darkpaw," partly because it's also the 20th anniversary of EverQuest 2. The celebrations have already begun, with Darkpaw dropping the EverQuest soundtrack onto Spotify and other music services.


Darkpaw Games provided PC Gamer with a roadmap detailing everything in store, and it's quite a year. In-game, there's already a floating 'anniversary tower' to explore, with new challenges popping up over the course of the celebration.


On top of that there are giveaways, items, new raids, and it all culminates in the release of EverQuest's 31st expansion in December 2024. And while it launched as a paid game, this MMORPG is currently free-to-play, so there's no excuse not to dive in.


Celebrations are also planned for Everquest 2, though despite it being a follow-up, the original remains the more popular of the two. You can download EverQuest from Steam here.


Or if you're looking for other reams to explore, check out our list of all the best fantasy games, as well as our rundown of the best RPGs in 2024.


You can also follow us on Google News for daily PC games news, reviews, and guides, or grab our PCGN deals tracker to net yourself some bargains.





                    Chris McMullen                 When not binging horror shorts or trying to persuade his inner self to go cycling, Chris can be found wrangling with a variety of games, from pleasant through to post-apocalyptic. He shakes his fist at Bethesda  every time they don't announce a Fallout: New Vegas remaster though right now he's engrossed in Alan Wake 2 and the even stranger Slay the Princess. As a writer he's covered everything from news and reviews through to guides and deals. He's the weekend writer at GameSpew and his words have appeared at The Escapist, VG247, Space and others.