ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CA - MAY 16:  Singer Billie Eilish attends the '2017 Billboard Music Awards' and ELLE ... More Present Women In Music at YouTube Space LA at YouTube Space LA on May 16, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. Billie Eilish's debut EP Don’t Smile at Me returns to a trio of Billboard charts this week as fans across the country continue to stream the career-making project. (Photo by Rich Fury/Getty Images)
In the span of less than a decade, Billie Eilish has gone from a teenager having fun making music in her bedroom with her brother to one of the most successful artists in the world. She’s released three massively successful albums during her career, but before those arrived, a short collection helped her rocket from obscurity to stardom–and it’s that project that’s mounting something of a comeback.
Don’t Smile at Me, Eilish’s debut EP, returns to the Billboard charts this week. The eight-song effort breaks back onto three different tallies in the U.S. this frame, becoming a hit all over again in several ways.
Eilish’s debut release manages to make a home on the Billboard 200 once more. On the most competitive ranking of the most-consumed albums in the country, Don’t Smile at Me reappears at No. 179.
Luminate reports that the EP shifted another 8,300 equivalent units last tracking frame. That sum includes about 500 sales, which is a fair number for a years-old mini album. Don’t Smile at Me has now lived on the Billboard 200 for 254 frames, including this latest turn.
The same project is also back on two genre-specific rosters. Don’t Smile at Me re-enters the Top Alternative Albums chart at No. 23. At the same time, it lands at No. 44 on the Top Rock & Alternative Albums ranking after not being present on that tally just a few days ago.
Don’t Smile at Me introduced Eilish to millions of listeners around the world when it arrived in 2017, and it quickly made her a household name. The EP produced three Hot 100 hits, led by “Ocean Eyes,” which was a breakout smash for the young talent.
As Don’t Smile at Me returns to multiple charts, the rest of Eilish’s discography is also present on a number of Billboard lists. Her three full-lengths–When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?, Happier Than Ever, and her most recent release, Hit Me Hard and Soft–can all be found on the Billboard 200 and the rock and alternative tallies as well.