Georgia's Best Weekly
Sunday, May 4, 2025
By Savannah Tribune | on August 14, 2024
The Savannah Tribune Staff Report 
The 2024 Olympics closing ceremony held Sunday, August 11th in Paris was filled with so much excitement just as the opening ceremony was in Paris on Friday, July 26. The closing ceremony included the President of France and the International Olympic Committee president stepping out as the French National Anthem was sung as the host nation’s flag was raised.
There was a parade of flags, a parade of athletes led by four-time Olympic swimmer Katie Ledecky and two-time Olympic rower Nick Mead. They were selected to lead the 2024 U.S. Olympic Team into the Closing Ceremony as flag bearers. Tom Cruise skydived in during the closing ceremony to take the Olympic flag from Los Angeles Mayor Karen Bass and Simone Biles. As H.E.R. began to perform her music filled the air, Cruise then exited on a motorbike to deliver the flag to a sunny West Coast which is the site for the Olympics in 2028. Some final medals were also given out during the closing ceremony. The 2024 Olympics closing ceremony was called “Records.” Thomas Jolly, who was artistic director of the opening ceremony, also directed the closing ceremony.
The all-star lineup hit the stage as part of the handover to the 2028 Los Angeles Games. Each of the music artists was a California native. H.E.R. sang the U.S. National Anthem live from the Stade de France, while Billie Eilish and the Red Hot Chili Peppers performed in Los Angeles.
The next Summer Olympics will be held in Los Angeles from July 14-30, 2028.
 At the end, the Olympic flame was extinguished.
For more information on the medal count olympics.com/en/Paris-2024. 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Our Hometown
DMCA NoticesNewspaper web site content management software and services 
			
Copyright © 2018-2020 The Savannah Tribune. All Rights Reserved.