Living a normal life as a global pop sensation is downright impossible (unless you Hannah Montana it). But yesterday, save for her burgundy hair, Dua Lipa could have been any other twenty-something in New York City.
The singer and her boyfriend, Callum Turner, stopped by a Ralph’s Famous Italian Ices & Ice Cream in SoHo for an afternoon pit-stop. Dua dressed to beat the heat in an outfit that’s on every Gen-Z-er’s mood board. In a monochromatic ’fit, she wore a simple white racerback tank top and a low-waisted white midi skirt with floral embroidery from Shushu/tong. She accessorized with black Puma sneakers, thick white calf-length socks, and her new favorite Alaïa mesh bag. To top it all off, she added a pair of ultra-trendy rectangular eyeglasses.
Dua Lipa joins the long line of young celebrities leaning into geek-chic. Last night, Sabrina Carpenter wore a pair of thick black Guizio x Quay frames on a date with Barry Keoghan, while Billie Eilish, Bella Hadid, Doja Cat, and Renée Rapp are all on board with the bespectacled look.
Turner, for his part, kept it classic—the Yin to Dua’s Yang. He wore a short-sleeved navy polo shirt and matching trousers, which pooled around a pair of light gray sneakers. Together, the two look like just an average couple traipsing through the city on a summer afternoon.
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty