Fender Play is the perfect one-stop shop for those looking to get started on the guitar. With 60% off this Black Friday, there's never been a better time to get yourself – or a loved one – started on guitar

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

When it comes to online guitar lessons designed for those just picking up the instrument, Fender Play – the supremely smooth and easy-to-use tuition platform from one of the industry's giants – is simply without competition. Now, with 60% off Fender Play subscriptions this Black Friday, there's never been a better time to get yourself – or a loved one – started on guitar.
Fender Play is the perfect one-stop shop for those looking to get started on the guitar. Brilliantly designed, and with plenty of personalization along the way, it's a fun platform that does away with the intimidation that always comes with learning a new instrument. With 60% off this Black Friday, this is the perfect time to begin your guitar journey, or take it beyond the beginner level.
Picking up the guitar for the first time can be quite intimidating. Even if your greatest musical love is that of guitar-driven music, it can be hard to shake the memory of fourth-grade recorder or piano lessons.
While conducting R&D for Fender Play, Fender itself discovered that a whopping 90 percent of those learning the guitar for the first time abandon the instrument within their first year of playing.
With that in mind, the company gave Fender Play a remarkably personalized feel.
You begin by selecting which instrument you'd like to learn (acoustic guitar, electric guitar, bass guitar, or ukulele). If you select guitar, you're immediately greeted with a number of tuition paths to follow.
Don't want to spend your time learning Mary Had a Little Lamb? (Unless, of course, you mean this one) Fender offers a choice of half a dozen genres right off the bat – rock, pop, blues, country, folk, and R&B/soul. Upon your selection, you'll be taken down a learning path featuring five to seven levels, depending on your genre and instrument of choice.
Fender compiled a huge library of songs for the app, unrivaled by any of its competitors, and the company is constantly adding to it, ensuring the platform never grows stale.
You can run Fender Play as a web application that runs in any browser, or as an app for iPad, iPhone, or Android, giving you plenty of flexibility in your learning process.
Our four-and-a-half star Fender Play review goes far more in-depth into the platform's features, now that we've piqued your curiosity. Needless to say, for those who just picked up the guitar, and have no idea where to start; well, you're looking at where to start.
If you're looking for a Fender guitar – perhaps a Stratocaster or Telecaster? – to go with your new Fender Play subscription, be sure to check out our Black Friday Fender deals guide, and take a gander at our full Black Friday guitar deals while you're at it.
All the latest guitar news, interviews, lessons, reviews, deals and more, direct to your inbox!
Jackson is an Associate Editor at GuitarWorld.com. He’s been writing and editing stories about new gear, technique and guitar-driven music both old and new since 2014, and has also written extensively on the same topics for Guitar Player. Elsewhere, his album reviews and essays have appeared in Louder and Unrecorded. Though open to music of all kinds, his greatest love has always been indie, and everything that falls under its massive umbrella. To that end, you can find him on Twitter crowing about whatever great new guitar band you need to drop everything to hear right now.
How to hold the guitar, pick strings and fret your first note! Beginners guitar lesson 1
Proggy pentatonic! How to use the good ol’ pentatonic scale in cool new ways
“I remember there was a video of Gary Moore and he played Red House on this Fiesta Red Strat, and I thought it was just the most incredible thing”: Is Toby Lee Britain’s next blues-rock superstar?

Guitar World is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.