The pop singer also shared that a “full-length other project,” is in the works
Charli XCX has revealed that she has been working in the studio alongside the likes of Bon Iver and Danielle Haim.
In a new interview with New York Magazine, the ‘Brat‘ singer opened up about what the future holds for her following the major success of her sixth studio album and shared who she has currently been collaborating with.
Speaking to the outlet, she told journalist Brock Colyar that the night prior to their chat, she had spent in the studio with the ‘Skinny Love’ hitmaker and the middle sister of the Haim group.
XCX also revealed that a “full-length other project,” is in the works, however, she didn’t confirm if it would be a remix album. “But it’s definitely in the bratosphere, so to speak,” she said.
Charli XCX at the 2024 Met Gala: ‘Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion’ held at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 6, 2024 in New York City CREDIT: Gilbert Flores/Variety via Getty Images
The ‘Guess’ singer also used the interview to respond to the several think pieces that declared ‘Brat’ summer to be over after she tweeted “Kamala IS brat”, following Joe Biden’s endorsement of Kamala Harris in the 2024 US presidential race. The tweet went viral and was adopted by Harris’s campaign team, leading to a strange collision of worlds when CNN attempted to explain the concept of ‘Brat’, live on air.
“To be on the right side of democracy, the right side of women’s rights, is hugely important to me,” the singer explained. “I’m happy to help to prevent democracy from failing forever.
“I obviously knew what I was doing,” she continued, though added that she didn’t expect the immense response to the tweet. “Did I think me talking about being a messy bitch and, like, partying and needing a Bic lighter and a pack of Marlboro Lights would end up on CNN? No.”
A post shared by Charli (@charli_xcx)
XCX also said that she doesn’t want to be “a political artist”. “I’m not Bob Dylan, and I’ve never pretended to be. My music is not political.”
“Everything I do in my life feeds back into my art. Everything I say, wear, think, enjoy – it all funnels back into my art. Politics doesn’t feed my art.”
Last week, she teased a new remix on TikTok as she prepares to head into “Brat Autumn”. The new track appears to sample Fleetwood Mac’s ‘Dreams’ and would follow on from the Billie Eilish-featuring remix of ‘Guess’.
In a four-star review of ‘Brat’, NME wrote: “It all paints a picture of who XCX is in 2024. Growing pains, grief and aching doubts come alongside self-confidence, celebration and the knowledge of the place XCX holds in the musical landscape – indeed, she kicks off ‘360’ with the knowing: “I went my own way and I made it / I’m your favourite reference baby”.
“With ‘Brat’, XCX demonstrates that going her own way will always sound pretty good.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.