ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE - SEPTEMBER 20: NSAI Songwriter-Artist of the Decade honoree, Taylor Swift ... More performs onstage during NSAI 2022 Nashville Songwriter Awards at Ryman Auditorium on September 20, 2022 in Nashville, Tennessee. (Photo by Terry Wyatt/Getty Images)
Taylor Swift’s The Tortured Poets Department is in charge of the U.K. albums chart once again this week. The set holds atop the ranking of the most-consumed full-lengths in the country, and as it adds one more frame at No. 1, the recently-released project matches one of her own personal records.
The Tortured Poets Department is now tied as Swift’s longest-running No. 1 on the U.K. albums chart. With six weeks spent atop the tally, it’s now on the same level as another project, and they share the honor of being her sets that have racked up the most stays in first place.
Before The Tortured Poets Department, Swift’s longest-running No. 1 in the U.K. was Midnights. That 2022 release became her first to earn half a dozen turns in first place on the list. Now, it shares its historic significance…at least for the time being.
The singer’s new length studio effort has now lived on the list of the most popular albums in the U.K. for eight weeks. All but two of those have been spent on top, as few artists have proved powerful enough to push her from the throne.
Dua Lipa was the first musician to nab the top spot on the U.K. albums chart from Swift. Her latest full-length Radical Optimism brought her to No. 1 in the nation, but it only held on for one frame. Billie Eilish also managed to spend a single week at No. 1, replacing The Tortured Poets Department for a short period.
In a few days, The Tortured Poets Department could become Swift’s first album to spend seven weeks at No. 1. If it doesn’t make it to that mark during the next chart frame, it could easily manage the feat soon enough, as the project remains incredibly popular in the U.K.
The Tortured Poets Department is one of 11 titles from Swift that find space on the U.K. albums ranking. She owns more than 10% of the entire ranking this time around, as much of her catalog remains popular enough to chart. This frame, two re-recordings return, upping her total count of current wins.