Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The music star stepped out in an understated twist on holiday-time sparkle. 

Taylor Swift put her own spin on holiday sparkle on Saturday in New York City.

	The music star stepped out in a glittering yet understated look alongside Kansas City Chiefs tight end, Travis Kelce. Swift wore Simkhai’s crystals-topped coat with Stella McCartney‘s crystal fringe Falabella bag. She paired both with Christian Louboutin’s Movida Sabina platform sandals and dangling diamond earrings — De Beers’ Arpeggia set in 18k white gold and consisting of 60 diamonds weighing 4.74 carats. Swift finished her look with a black winged eyeliner, with a tip underlined in silver, and a red lip.

	Kelce also got into the holiday spirit (once again), wearing a red denim set consisting of a waxed jean jacket and waxed jeans by Nahmias. The football star, who recently wore an oversize Santa-inspired coat with an athletic twist while celebrating the Kansas City Chiefs’ Christmas Day victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers, topped his look with the Miracle Way trucker hat by Nahmias.

	










			You May Also Like		







	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			'RuPaul's Drag Race': Michelle Visage and Carson Kressley Reflect on the Show's Fashion Evolution Ahead of 'All Stars' 10 Premiere	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			A Look Back at Anna Nicole Smith's Kentucky Derby Style That Lives On Through Her Daughter Dannielynn Birkhead	
			








	Swift has been on a holiday statement coat streak as of late. Last weekend she attended a Kansas City Chiefs game to support Kelce while wearing a red fur-trimmed coat that nodded to the ’70s by Charlotte Simone. Swift paired the Lulu coat, which has also been worn in varying colors by celebrities such as Millie Bobby Brown, Christina Aguilera and Emily Ratajkowski, with a black vintage Chanel bucket hat, a small leather handbag from Tod’s and boots by Manolo Blahnik.

	Swift’s crystal Simkhai coat is still up for sale from various retailers online, but it might not be for long. Last year Swift made a habit of selling out pieces she wore to NFL games, including Area’s crystal-cut shorts. Shortly after, the piece went out of stock on Farfetch, Mode Sens and other shopping platforms.

	This year, according to Launchmetrics, the music artist was the top red carpet female celebrity of 2024 and generated $319.2 million in media impact value across six award show red carpets — a figure that’s more than double the value of the second top name, Billie Eilish. Swift’s choices included the likes of Gucci, Dior, Christian Louboutin and more. A Schiaparelli gown for the Grammy Awards brought in $6.8 million in media impact value for that company. When she wore Dion Lee for Super Bowl LVIII, she brought in $1.8 million in media impact value.

	Kelce has also had a similar effect on the brands he’s worn, including J. Logan Home, which saw an increase of 65 percent in its website traffic after the athlete wore it to pre-game arrivals last year. “As a young brand, it’s always exciting when we are introduced to a new client, when the client happens to be a fashionable footballer whose name is on almost everyone’s lips, we have no choice but to appreciate the exposure for the J. Logan Home brand, and for the growth of the business it has caused,” designer J. Logan told WWD at the time. 
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.