Billie Eilish’s new snaps show her tied up and hanging from the ceiling.
In one picture, Billie was suspended from a rope while wearing camouflage trousers, a black bodysuit and a yellow shrug over her shoulders. She hung upside down as her long black hair swayed in the breeze.
Another picture showed the singer hanging sideways from a trapeze-style hanging, which was once again suspended from the ceiling. In a third picture Billie hung horizontally as she held her arms out above her head in mid-air.
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Desperate Housewives raunchy scenes – maid costume, kitchen sex and wet T-shirt
For the rest of her Instagram “dump,” Billie added a picture of herself wearing a bright yellow t-shirt as she smiled for the camera and ran her hands through her hair. She wore teeny black glasses and minimal makeup as she fixed her hair style and gazed off into the distance.
She also added a video of herself wearing a white tank top covered in mud as she held the camera at a low angle and looked down. Eilish’s hair was soaked through as she swayed from side to side, while her face appeared to also be covered in mud as she posed.
In the caption, Billie wrote “that’s when you found me” and her fans went wild down in the comment section. One person said: “*chefs kiss so hard my lips explode off my face*,” while another said: “4th slide so good it needed to be in the dump and not just [your] Story, [for real].”
Someone else branded her “hot” while another fan joked that Eilish was sending their “mommy issues absolutely feral right now”. More called her “bad,” told the singer they are “obsessed” and one person even said she is a “perfect girl”.
A kind fan told Billie: “You’re getting more and more beautiful,” as others said they are “so ready” for her new music. Billie recently unleashed a frenzy online after offering limited free tickets to her listening party for the new album Hit Me Hard and Soft.
As she made the announcement, Eilish’s fans went wild online as they realised the “link is not working” while her team worked to get the website back up and running.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.