By 

	Althea Legaspi


Christina Aguilera, Lionel Richie, Maluma, Lenny Kravitz, Mark Ronson, Meryl Streep, and Oprah Winfrey are among the presenters for the 2024 Grammy Awards this Sunday, Billboard reports.

	Samara Joy, who won Best New Artist last year, will also present. She joins fellow category winner Aguilera, who took home Best New Artist 24 years ago. Maluma is up for his third nomination, vying for Best Latin Pop Album with Don Juan.

	Kravitz will receive the 2024 Recording Academy Global Impact Award, which will be presented on Feb. 1 before the big night.

	Richie took home the Album of the Year trophy 39 years ago for Can’t Slow Down, and a year later won Song of the Year for “We Are the World,” which he co-wrote with Michael Jackson (and is the subject of a new documentary).  Meanwhile, seven-time Grammy winner Ronson is up for five nominations for his work on Barbie.

	Streep is nominated for Best Audio Book, Narration and Storytelling Recording for Big Tree. This marks Streep’s seventh nomination.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	They all join previously announced presenters Burna Boy, Luke Combs, Billie Eilish, Billy Joel, Dua Lipa, Joni Mitchell, Olivia Rodrigo, Travis Scott, SZA, and U2, who will perform live at the Grammys from their residency at The Sphere in Las Vegas.

	The show will air on Sunday, Feb. 4, on CBS and Paramount Plus at 8 p.m. ET. Trevor Noah will once again serve as the Grammys’ host, his fourth year in a row taking on hosting duties.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.