While there are no rules when it comes to wearing perfume and you can wear your favourite bottle - whether it's sweet, floral or spicy - all year long, many fragrance fans like to match their daily scent to the season. Now that we're in autumn, many will be reaching for comforting and cosy perfumes that feel like a warm hug.
If you could do with a new autumn and fragrance - or are planning on gifting one to a loved one at Christmas - you'll want to check out Boots. The high street retailer is offering almost £10 off a big 100ml bottle of Eilish by Billie Eilish.
Now £39.20, Eilish is a captivating amber gourmand scent featuring notes of sugared petals, creamy vanilla, and warm musks, leaving a lasting impression that is warm sensual and powerfully you. It was launched back in 2021 and has become a firm favourite among fragrance collectors since then.
READ MORE: 'I've worn the same £27 Clarins perfume for decades and still get compliments from friends'
READ MORE: 'Rarely do I find a perfume so long-lasting': Boots shoppers praise 'divine' designer perfume slashed by £34
It opens up with notes of sugar, red berries and mandarin orange. It's heart is where we see more of its signature with vanilla, cacao, spicy notes and rose. It has a comforting base of tonka bean, amber, musk and woody notes, creating a gorgeous scent that's perfect for the cooler months.
The nose behind the scent is Steve DeMercado. DeMercado has worked on over 45 scents including a number of celebrity fragrances but also Classique Prestige by Jean Paul Gaultier.
Eilish boasts an impressive overall rating of 4.5 out of five from 85 reviews at Boots. Giving the perfume a glowing five stars, one shopper said: "This perfumes smells utterly divine, I smelt it once and immediately knew I needed it. It has instantly has become a favourite and so budget-friendly, too."
A second wrote: "Delicious. Absolutely love this scent, it's definitely an autumn/winter vanilla. I blind bought it because so many people love it and I couldn’t be happier with it."
Somebody else said: "I love it so much, I might need to buy another. Smells like cupcakes or some delicious vanilla dessert and lasts all day. Ended up getting the body spray too."
However, one person didn't like Eilish as much, giving it a three-star review. They mentioned: "Not worth the price. I was disappointed with scent. It also barely lasts."
But another loved their latest Boots fragrance purchase, adding: "I bought this product two months ago and I haven’t gone a day without wearing it. I have always been a fan of vanilla so I knew this would be a good perfume for me. Recommend to all the vanilla girlies out there."
Elsewhere, a 50ml bottle of Kayali Vanilla 28 is available from Sephora and Selfridges for £73. At LookFantastic, the Mugler Alien Goddess Eau de Parfum 30ml is available for £56.95 down from £67.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.