Once again the bravery, creativity and talent of St Albans' youngsters was clear for all to see, as the Scouts & Guides Gang Show returned to the city.


  Performances took place at a packed Alban Arena from Wednesday, February 14 to Sunday, February 17.


The Herts Advertiser attended on Friday (February 16) to experience the energetic and positive atmosphere for ourselves.


  As with last year, the Gang Show's costumes, production and teamwork from all involved is a true delight.


A Cluedo-themed section was included this year.  (Image: St Albans Scouts & Guides Gang Show)


  Each child performed their role with enthusiasm and a smile, demonstrating astounding organisation considering the size of this year's cast.


  Large group scenes, featuring musical numbers and imaginative ideas, were separated by smaller moments that often showcased individual talents or comedic storylines.


  This year, an IKEA sketch stood out - in which shoppers expressed their dislike for bookcases called 'Billy' - along with a police line-up, in which a witness could only identify the suspect by singing.


Smaller comedy sketches took place between large musical numbers.  (Image: St Albans Scouts & Guides Gang Show)


  Sections focused on different hats, the game of Cluedo and birds all demonstrated the artistic flair of those involved.


  The Scouts and Guides have been rehearsing the variety show since October, which is evident in their coordination and teamwork.


  Spanning several decades and a wide breadth of musical genres, the cast performed hits by One Direction, Dean Martin, Run DMC, Glenn Miller, Blur, Billie Eilish, Pink and many more.


Birds were another area of focus for this year's event.  (Image: St Albans Scouts & Guides Gang Show)


  The Gang Show is run by a dedicated team of volunteers, with 150 adults giving their free time to build the show and lead rehearsals, more than 1,000 costumes made, a live band of professional musicians, 96 children taking part and a behind-the-scenes team of set builders, managers and administrators.


St Albans Scouts and Guides Gang Show returns to Alban Arena


  Last year (2023), some members of the cast were asked to perform at Windsor Castle for a national scout event.


A superhero scene during the Gang Show.  (Image: St Albans Scouts & Guides Gang Show)


  This involved performing in front of members of the Royal Family and chief Scout Bear Grylls.


  Having had two years off due to the Covid-19 pandemic, the St Albans Scouts & Guides Gang Show returned with a bang last year and looks set to continue this tradition for years to come.


A team of 96 St Albans scouts and guides are all involved in bringing the production to life.  (Image: St Albans Scouts & Guides Gang Show)


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.