Follow us
As a child, Rachel Chinouriri wanted to be either a performer or a detective. She excelled at singing, but she also had a desire to understand the psychology of evil deeds. “The circumstances someone has been put in will sometimes determine their actions,” says the singer-songwriter, sitting in a café close to her Hackney flat, a double espresso in front of her. While Chinouriri’s detective career is on the back burner, the emotional architecture of decision-making is all over her music. On her debut album, What a Devastating Turn of Events – the title track of which refers to the suicide of a loved one in her family – indie-pop tracks contemplate mental health issues, abandoning relationally ineffectual men and leaving behind the fun of youth.
Chinouriri’s observant character emerged from her upbringing; her parents fought in Zimbabwe’s war for independence when they were only 13 and 14. “My child-soldier parents have always been like, ‘There is always evil around every corner. Everyone is capable of it.’ Because of [that] experience, I think their view of the world is constantly being in fear of their lives,” Chinouriri reflects. As a teenager, she wasn’t allowed out much to socialise with others, which instilled in her a lack of trust for those outside the family unit.
Today, 25-year-old Chinouriri is a pop of colour on a grey day, dressed in a pink and purple patchwork shirt and thin Prada secretary glasses of the style recently popularised by Billie Eilish. Thankfully, she professes to be happier now by virtue of embracing the full spectrum of life; she hopes to help people heal through lyrics. “I really delve into the darker sides of me as a person, or my darkest thoughts, all the way to my lightest thoughts,” she says. Her music draws parallels with Holly Humberstone and further back to the conversational noughties lyricism of Kate Nash or Lily Allen. Or, as Chinouriri puts it, she’s doing the “whole Y2K, hyper-English cunty vibe thing”.
Chinouriri was raised between two cultures, on the Surrey side of Croydon. “I was so in tune with London and POC culture, but then grew up on a street where we were the only Black family in a quite conservative neighbourhood,” she says. “I learned so much from both worlds.” Anything that wasn’t Christian or world music was banned from her household – except Bob Marley and Michael Jackson – so when it came to discovering her own taste, she relished the mainstream indie pop of early Katy Perry, Coldplay and James Blake. “I thought I was so fucking cool because I was the one Black kid in school who listened to Coldplay,” she smiles. After studying musical theatre at the prestigious BRIT School, Chinouriri realised she wanted to see and hear herself fronting a project that made popular music with guitars.
“There’s a duty for people like me to keep changing the narrative and continue the conversation so that it makes it easier for everyone else trying to do what they want while being Black or POC.”
Her choice didn’t come entirely without resistance. Back in 2022 Chinouriri went semi-viral when she posted about her music being indie pop – not R&B, not soul or anything else. The results of her personal investigation were as follows: “To be put into genres I never grew up listening to was so bizarre to me, then it clicked it was because of my skin.” Arlo Parks commented in support, and Chinouriri’s Black British musician friends who similarly don’t make R&B, like Cat Burns, Lava La Rue, Hak Baker, and Shingai Shoniwa of The Noisettes, messaged her about it. That support from Chinouriri’s peers reinforced the idea that there was a space for her in an historically white scene.
The misguided anxiety from marketing departments at record labels (she’s now with Parlophone) comes from the idea that, in the minds of some executives, there is no playlist to put you on and no way to sell you as a Black artist to mostly white listeners. But as Chinouriri points out, her audience is the exact same audience that white artists have. “I feel lucky that I was able to call it out before I even had my first album out,” she says. “There’s a duty for people like me to keep changing the narrative and continue the conversation so that it makes it easier for everyone else trying to do what they want while being Black or POC.”
As she puts it, before leaving the table to do her grocery shopping and go home for the afternoon, “Most people do not give a fuck about skin colour if the music sounds like what they want to listen to.”
See Rachel Chinouriri at GQ Heroes in Oxfordshire, from 3-5 July, in association with BMW UK. For more information and tickets, visit GQHeroes.com.
Photograph by Lauren Harris
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast