By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:39, 9 April 2024   |  Updated:  04:27, 9 April 2024   
 47
View  comments
Billish Eilish excitedly announced her forthcoming third album Hit Me Hard And Soft on Monday.
But the 22-year-old singer's celebratory moment turned sour when the project's tracklist was leaked by Rolling Stone.
She didn't hold back as she used her Instagram Stories to send a clear message to the publication: 'F*** you guys @rollingstone.'
The Oscar-winning songstress — who has been teasing the new music since last week —  added a clown emoji and uploaded another post with a similar note typed in white font against a black background that read, 'f*** rolling stone.'
The two stories have since been deleted. Billie noted in an earlier Instagram caption that she wanted to give fans the new music 'all at once.'
Billish Eilish announced her forthcoming third album Hit Me Hard and Soft on Monday. The celebratory moment turned sour when the project's tracklist was leaked by Rolling Stone
She didn't hold back as she used her Instagram Stories to send a clear message to the publication: 'F*** you guys @rollingstone.' The Oscar-winning songstress added a clown emoji and uploaded another post with a similar note
Engaging her 120 million followers, the announcement began: '“HIT ME HARD AND SOFT” MY THIRD ALBUMMMMMMMMMMMMM COMES OUT MAY 17THHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH AHHHHHHHHHH.'
And she added, 'not doing singles i wanna give it to you all at once.'
Mentioning her brother and collaborator Finneas, she wrote to readers, 'finneas and i truly could not be more proud of this album and we absolutely can’t wait for you to hear it. love you love you love you.'
Eilish also wrote in the caption, 'so crazy to be writing this right now i’m nervyyyyy & exciteddd.'
Hit Me Hard and Soft — available in digital, CD, vinyl, and cassette formats — will feature songs named Skinny, Chihiro, The Greatest, and L'amour de ma vie, among others. 
Billie has also released a line of new merchandise including two T-shirts, two hoodies, a tank top, a poster, shoelaces, and a necklace.
According to a press release, Eilish's new record promises to 'hit you hard and soft both lyrically and sonically.'
It was also noted that the music 'journeys through a vast and expansive audio landscape, immersing listeners into a full spectrum of emotions.'
Billie covered the legacy magazine in 2021
Engaging her 120 million followers, the announcement began: '“HIT ME HARD AND SOFT” MY THIRD ALBUMMMMMMMMMMMMM COMES OUT MAY 17THHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH AHHHHHHHHHH'
Hit Me Hard and Soft — available in digital, CD, vinyl, and cassette formats — will feature songs named Skinny, Chihiro, The Greatest, and L'amour de ma vie, among others
New billboards for the album have been plastered around various cities and tease lyrics like 'She's the headlights I'm the deer,' 'I try to live in black and white,' and 'Did I cross the line?'
Last Thursday, Billie shared a snapshot of her 'Hard & Soft' hip tattoo, which fans now know is her album title.
Eilish first unveiled the ink while attending the Variety Hitmakers Brunch in Los Angeles on December 2.
Billie and Finneas (last name O'Connell) recently won two Grammy Awards, a Golden Globe Award, and an Academy Award for their haunting ballad What Was I Made For? written for the Barbie soundtrack.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group