The much-awaited third season of the global hit Netflix series "Bridgerton" is finally here and coming along with its arrival is a tracklist of incredible instrumental covers of hits from both the classical canon and modern pop sphere.
Known for its immaculate song choices and music, the first part of the show's new season strengthens that notion with a new set accompanied by a great original score from American composer Kristopher Bowers ("Green Book," "King Richard," and "The Color Purple").
With the narrative ramping up, the series is also getting bolder with the featured songs it includes, matching the story's pace. From TikTok sensations and club hits to intense decade-old compositions, "Bridgerton" is set on continuing its musically enriched storytelling.
In episode 1, the first standalone music featured in the new season is Mozart's "Little Funeral March" or "Kleine Trauermarsch," performed by the character of Francesca Bridgerton (Hannah Dodd).
The song itself is recognized as a parody of the genre, encapsulating the character's feelings about her loss of freedom and indifference to the showmanship involved in her new status.
In the same episode, Vitula's classical cover of the viral "abcdefu" song by Gayle was also featured, ushering forth this season's focus on Penelope Featherington, who Nicola Coughlan plays.
Vitamin String Quartet's cover of the BTS hit, "Dynamite," is joined by Shimmer's cover of "Jealous" by Nick Jonas for episode 2. Beethoven's "Sonata No. 23 in F minor, 'Appassionata'" also appeared in the episode, famous for its explosive outer movements.
Episode 3 included Sia's "Cheap Thrills" and Billie Eilish's "Happier Than Ever," both of which were covered by Vitamin String Quartet.
In the final episode of the first half, a bombastic set of songs was featured, matching the intensifying story beats.
First to be showcased was Haydn's "String Quartet in F Major, Op. 3 No. 5 'Serenade,'" followed by a "Snow on the Beach" cover by Atwood Quartet, plucked straight from Taylor Swift's "Midnights" album and in absence of the Lana Del Rey feature.
Finally, the climax was topped off with Archer Marsh's cover of Pitbull's seductive club banger: "Give Me Everything."
You can now stream part one's tracks by clicking here or you could also sample them right below.
Read Also :
Elton John and David Furnish Showcase Mystifying Photo Collection in V&A Museum's New 'Fragile Beauty' Exhibition