Sunday night's 96th Academy Awards signaled the end of a memorable Oscar season, inspiring Gold Derby senior editors Denton Davidson, Marcus James Dixon and Daniel Montgomery along with news and features editor Ray Richmond and Tariq Khan - prolific Gold Derby contributor and encyclopedic awards expert extraordinaire - to slug it out one last time over Zoom and mourn the categories that got away in their forecast. But before grieving their misguided last-minute prediction switches, the men discussed what they liked (and in one case, didn't) about the ceremony itself. Watch their colorful and opinionated discussion above.
Dixon loved the banter interplay of presenter duos Arnold Schwarzenegger/Danny DeVito and Emily Blunt/Ryan Gosling. Montgomery found it a "pretty solid" show that peaked for him in Jonathan Glazer's acceptance speech after winning international film for "The Zone of Interest." Davidson applauded director Mstyslav Chernov's powerful speech after winning in Best Documentary Feature for "20 Days in Mariupol." Richmond went crazy for Gosling's effervescent, irreverent, rip-roaring rendition of the "Barbie" tune "I'm Just Ken," which he called "the greatest Best Song production number is Oscar history" - a sentiment with which all five guys seemed to agree. The only concern he had about it, Davidson said, was where it was placed in the ceremony. "Maybe it should have opened the show," he believes. "He blew the roof off the auditorium, and then they immediately are like, 'And the winner is Billie Eilish' for a very dreary, depressing song."
Most of them had generally positive things to say about the job host Jimmy Kimmel pulled off, with Montgomery noting, "I think it's really difficult to walk that fine line where you're poking fun at the audience, but you still need the audience on your side. So I think he walked that line successfully. He had the crowd kind of rooting for him. But the material wasn't always his best. It lacked bite a lot of times."
Khan also had decidedly mixed feelings about Kimmel. "May I just say that I miss Bob Hope, and I miss Johnny Carson, and I miss Billy Crystal as hosts," he stresses. "Jimmy Kimmel, he was fine, but in his opening monologue, some of his jokes fell short." He referred to many of those jokes as "pretty juvenile." He adds, "I don't understand why these people who write for the Oscars can't do a better job." Dixon wondered why he was making a nose joke about Michael Jackson in 2024.
Moving on to the actual winners of the night, they all marveled that after the Oscars and BAFTAs were completely out of sync in their common eight categories in 2023, this time they matched up 8 for 8. Lily Gladstone of Killers of the Flower Moon" was the Best Actress odds-on favorite at Gold Derby going in following her triumph at the SAG Awards, but Emma Stone took home the Academy Award for "Poor Things." "I had Emma, Emma, Emma all season long, then after the SAGs I thought it had to be Lily, so I switched," Richmond says with significant regret. "I was going with the whole Native American/indigenous actress narrative."
"I think we've seen time and time again now that we blow the narrative out of proportion," Davidson believes. This was why Khan didn't go with the prevailing wisdom and instead looked to Sandra Hüller to pull off a huge upset for "Anatomy of a Fall." "I was thinking there'd be one big shocker, and this would be it," he says. But it was not to be. Adds Dixon: "One thing we haven't talked about is the screen time issue. Emma Stone was in virtually every scene of 'Poor Things,' whereas Lily Gladstone was only in about a fourth of 'Killers.' And I think that matters." On a similar note, had Gladstone stayed in the supporting actress race instead of switching to lead in September. It makes you wonder if Gladstone would have been the toast of the supporting category throughout awards season rather than Oscar winner Da'Vine Joy Randolph for "The Holdovers."
"Da'Vine should have thanked Lily Gladstone in her acceptance," Davidson quips.
Chimes in Montgomery: "I honestly think it would have been Lily running the board in supporting (instead of Randolph)."
One thing all five slugfest-ians agree on is that this will be remembered as the year of "Oppenheimer" following its seven trophies. "We made all of these comparisons between ("Oppenheimer" director) Christopher Nolan winning and Steven Spielberg finally winning for 'Schindler's List'," Davidson says, "and that was a really cool moment that Spielberg handed him his Oscar."
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify Hollywood chiefs and stars. Don’t miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where 5,000 showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media