Artists
"Global Citizen Festival is an annual music festival where fans take actions toward ending extreme poverty in order to earn free tickets. Our festivals bring together Global Citizens, artists, activists, world leaders, philanthropists, corporate leaders, and more, with one collective mission: end extreme poverty now. It’s a moment both to celebrate all we have achieved together, and all we continue to achieve together.
The inaugural Global Citizen Festival took place on September 29, 2012, with 60,000 people in attendance on the Great Lawn in New York’s iconic Central Park. The festival featured live performances by Neil Young with Crazy Horse, Foo Fighters, The Black Keys, Band of Horses, K’Naan and more. Since then, artists like Rihanna, Beyoncé, JAY-Z, Pearl Jam, Stevie Wonder, Coldplay, Billie Eilish, and many more have performed on Global Citizen Festival stages around the world. 
Global Citizen Festival is timed to coincide with the UN General Assembly to leverage opportunities to get policy and financial commitments from government, corporate, and philanthropic leaders to defeat poverty, demand equity, and defend the planet. Tickets to Global Citizen Festival are awarded through points earned by taking actions to fight extreme poverty, such as signing petitions, calling your political representatives, participating in challenges, and more.
On Saturday, September 28, 2024, Global Citizen Festival will return to the iconic Great Lawn of Central Park in New York City to drive urgent action to End Extreme Poverty NOW. Post Malone, Doja Cat, Jelly Roll and Rauw Alejandro will headline this year’s festival with additional performers to be announced in the coming weeks. Global Citizen Ambassador Hugh Jackman will host the event which will also feature appearances by Dr. Jane Goodall, DBE, Founder, the Jane Goodall Institute & UN Messenger of Peace and Global Citizen Festival Curator, Chris Martin of Coldplay." -Global Citizen
Take action with us to earn your free tickets.
Featured Events
Featured Events
Featured Venues
© Brooklyn Vegan All rights reserved