Bruce Springsteen has remained one of the most iconic musicians on the planet, but he has been neglecting the UK.
Now, his absence has come to an end, as the Dancing in the Dark singer has just confirmed a string of UK tour dates with his E-Street Band.
These three stadium shows are taking place at Manchester's Co-op Live and Liverpool's Anfield Stadium in May and June 2025.
Tickets for these monumental shows will be released next week, but presale begins far sooner.
We've got a full breakdown of when and where you can get your Bruce Springsteen tickets, beginning with some presale and moving on to general onsale.
  Don't miss...    Chris McCausland tickets and how to see Strictly star live after show ends  
Bruce Springsteen is holding two presale events.
The first comes from O2 Priority and begins on Wednesday, October 9, 2024, at 10am.
Fans who are part of the O2 mobile phone network will have access to this presale, which you can then purchase through Ticketmaster below.
Here's the link:
Buy Bruce Springsteen presale tickets from Ticketmaster here.
Subscribers to the O2 mobile phone network will automatically gain access to the O2 Priority portal. This allows music and live event fans to grab early access to tickets before anyone else. 
All you have to do is begin a contract with O2 and you'll gain access to these tickets, as well as deals on food and drink, cinema tickets, days out and much more. 
Sign up for O2 Priority here.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
The second presale event comes directly from Live Nation and begins on Thursday, October 10, 2024, at 10am.
E-Street Band fans will only be able to gain access to this presale by signing up for the My Live Nation newsletter.
After that, tickets will be released from Live Nation on the link below:
Buy Bruce Springsteen presale tickets from Live Nation here.
  Don't miss...    Finneas details UK tour tickets release after Billie Eilish support announcement  
Bruce Springsteen tickets will be released on Friday, October 11, 2024, at 10am.
These general onsale tickets will be available to everyone - that means you don't need any kind of presale code or link to get involved.
These tickets will also be available from the aforementioned retailers including Ticketmaster and Live Nation.
Here's the list:
TICKETMASTER - Buy Bruce Springsteen tickets here.
LIVE NATION - Buy Bruce Springsteen tickets here.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated