Virgin Radio
29 Jan 2024, 08:25
Credit: ITV / Instagram @dancingonice
Another star has said goodbye to the current series of Dancing on Ice, following a tweak to the format.
Previously, the two lowest-scoring pairs would have to take each other on in a skate-off, but last night’s show (28th January) ditched the skate-off. Instead, the public vote and the judges scores were used to send the couple with the lowest score home in a straightforward elimination.
After all of the couples had performed, it was actor and former S Club member Hannah Spearritt who was eliminated. 
The singer - who was partnered with professional skater Andy Buchanan - delivered a routine to Let It Go from Frozen during Movie Week. However, with a combined score of just 20 points, they landed at the bottom of the leader board, and were ultimately sent home, as revealed by hosts Holly Willoughby and Stephen Mulhern.
Following her elimination, Hannah said: “It would be sad to see anybody go, but I've really enjoyed it.
“Everybody's been fantastic, and to be partnered with Andy has been an absolute joy. Thank you for the journey.”
Speaking exclusively to virginradio.co.uk prior to her eviction about how her S Club history helped her on Dancing on Ice, Hannah said: "It's helped me on a personal level, knowing that I haven't gotten to think about that as well. I think... for me anyway, it would have been too much to take on if I hadn't had a bit of performing in my locker, but I think everybody might have had an edge in a different way."
At the other end of the leader board, Amber Davies scored an impressive 31, having performed a routine to Billie Eilish's Barbie hit, What Was I Made For? Adele Roberts and Miles Nazaire who both scored 29 with their respective routines.
Hannah Spearitt is the second celebrity to leave the 2024 series of Dancing on Ice, after Ricky Hatton was sent home at the end of last week’s show.
Meanwhile, pro skater Colin Grafton has defended his celebrity partner Claire Sweeney after rumours began to swirl about her potentially quitting the competition. Colin took time out of his busy rehearsal schedule with Claire to chat to Virgin Radio’s Jayne Middlemiss. Read what he had to say here.
Dancing on Ice can be watched on ITV1 and ITVX.
Advertisement
With Wimbledon just around the corner, Sue Barker spoke to Chris Evans about attending the...
Philip Glenister has described the cancelled Life on Mars sequel as a “mixed blessing” after being...
National comedy treasure Al Murray has opened up about parenting and grandparenting
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit