Jelly is making his Saturday Night Live debut this weekend as the musical guest alongside host Jean Smart.

													By
												

	Katie Atkinson

Executive Digital Director, West Coast

	In promos for the season 50 premiere of Saturday Night Live, former castmember Maya Rudolph is making her presence known.

	Musical guest Jelly Roll and host Jean Smart — both making their SNL debuts this weekend — are joined by castmember Marcello Hernandez in the new promos, but there was one more on the way.

	“You never know who will show up,” Smart teases after introducing herself and Jelly. “Did someone say ‘show up’?” Rudolph asks as she slides into frame. “Yes, yes, I did say ‘show up,'” Smart concedes, to which Rudolph replies, “Oh good. I was hoping someone would say ‘show up.’ So I could show up.”

	“You OK, Maya?” the country singer/songwriter asks. “I’m not sure, Jelly,” Rudolph earnestly answers.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Elsewhere in the promos, Hernandez proves he knows the word “palpable” (and that he read at least one book this summer), while the 73-year-old Hacks star gets offended when Hernandez asks what it was like when SNL premiered 50 years ago (“Why the hell you asking me?”).

	After Jelly and Jean’s episode this weekend, the SNL season 50 lineup continues on Oct. 5, when comedian Nate Bargatze will host and Coldplay will be the musical guest; followed by the Oct. 12 show with Ariana Grande hosting and Stevie Nicks performing; then Michael Keaton hosts with Billie Eilish as musical guest on Oct. 19; and Nov. 2 will see John Mulaney hosting and Chappell Roan performing for the first time.

	Watch Jean Smart and Jelly Roll’s Saturday Night Live promos below, and catch the season 50 premiere on Saturday (Sept. 28) at 11:30 p.m. ET/8:30 p.m. PT on NBC, before it streams on Peacock.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.