Netflix fans can’t stop recommending one super steamy series.
In the Netflix Bangers group on Facebook, one member asked the others whether “Vampire Diaries is worth watching,” which was met with a flurry of comments urging them to give the steamy series a chance.
One person wrote: “Yes, definitely is,” while someone else simply typed “100%”. “Will forever be my ultimate favourite show,” gushed one Netflix fan.
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Billie Eilish sparks concern over bite marks and bruises after posing in bikini
Another Vampire Diaries stan explained: “Yes! The first 7 episodes are so cringe but the rest of the show is nothing like it! The whole ‘dear diary’ stuff stops…so do the flying vampires and fog, etc.”
Someone else added “without a doubt” while others reassured the original poster with: “Oh hell yes,” “Absolutely,” “Really good” and “Of course”. The Vampire Diaries is a drama series that first aired in 2009 and ran for eight seasons.
The supernatural teen show was adapted from the book series of the same name by L. J. Smith. The series was a massive success and has received praise from critics and viewers alike, garnering a huge cult following in the years since it first aired.
The official Netflix description reads: “Trapped in adolescent bodies, feuding vampire brothers Stefan and Damon vie for the affection of a captivating young woman.” The cast includes a whole host of famous faces, including Nina Dobrev, Ian Somerholder, Paul Wesley, Candice King, Kat Graham, Zach Roerig, Michael Trevino and Matthew Davis.
The show is set in the fictional town of Mystic Falls, which is laced with a history of the supernatural, and the storyline follows Dobrev’s character Elena Gilbert as she navigates life after losing her parents in a car crash.
She quickly falls in love with Stefan Salvatore, played by Wesley, a 161-year-old blood-sucking creature, to whom she is none the wiser to his real identity. The plotline gets messy as his brother Damon, played by Somerholder, returns to Mystic Falls and attempts to resurrect their past love interest and Elena’s lookalike Katherine Pierce.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.