Reese Witherspoon and her daughter Ava Phillippe are causing havoc as fans fail to tell the difference between the pair.
In a recent picture, Reese and her daughter Ava sat at a quaint Parisian café sipping drinks together as they posed for a sweet picture. Reese sat on the right wearing a large black cape as she flashed a mischievous smile at the camera while clutching her drink.
The star wore her iconic blonde locks in a loose updo with face framing layers and emphasised her natural beauty with light makeup. Ava sat next to her mother, her ultimate doppelganger which left their fans totally baffled.
READ MORE: Iggy Azalea exposes curves in tiny short tennis skirt and topless shower snaps
READ MORE: Billie Eilish zooms in on curves in rare snap as she teases 'heartbreak' in cryptic post
Phillipe channelled her mother’s vibe in an all-black ensemble and long blonde hair as she beamed from ear to ear. She wore her blonde locks in a sleek middle parting and wore a full face of makeup, including a berry red lipstick.
Witherspoon uploaded the picture to Instagram as part of a carousel post for her 30.1 million followers. They wasted no time noting the pair’s incredible likeness and couldn’t resist sharing their smart quips in the comment section.
Fans rushed to comment on their similar look as many were confused over who was who. One person joked “which Reese is Reese,” another said that they “get them both mixed up” while someone else told the actress that her “daughter is her twin”.
Another hilarious comment renamed the star “Reese Witherdaughter” as one read: “Who is who? [laughing emoji] both beauties!” One keen fan typed: “[Oh my god], you’re twins. Have a fabulous time [wine glass emoji].”
Other people branded the mother-daughter duo as “wonderful,” “adorable,” “a queen and a princess” and “the ultimate pair”.
In other snaps, Reese and Ava continued to amaze the Hollywood actress’ fans as she posted many more images from their time in Paris, which only baffled them further.
Witherspoon shares her daughter with actor Ryan Phillippe, who she met at her 21st birthday party back in 1997. The pair got engaged in 1998 and later married in 1999.
They have two children together - Ava and Deacon Phillippe. The couple announced their separation in October 2006 and their marriage officially ended in October 2007.
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.