E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
Several young singers from Rock Town Music Academy, an afterschool arts school at 401 Broadway in Lorain, performed Sept. 6 in the 5th street artist’s alley next to “Speak of the Devil.”
Despite the rain, the students performed songs by Fleetwood Mac, Eagles, Billie Eilish and others, under tents, to an audience of community members, families and art enthusiasts, according to a news release.
“I am thankful and proud of our talented voice teachers, brave students and amazing families who radiate positivity and celebrate music in any weather,” said Jaclyn Bradley, director of Rock Town, in the release.
Aside from voice, Rock Town teaches private lessons in piano, guitar, drums, violin and acting.
Rock Town holds a recital for all students at the Lorain Palace Theater in February each year, and many students regularly perform at community events, according to the release.
Voice students who participated in the Sept. 6 performance were Korra Soto, Mason Mitchell, Logan Hunt, Violet Potts, Alina Montanez, Rebecca Berman, Rosalind Louis, Gracie Elisabeth Strohsack, Roma Palmer, Ella Burke and Cooper Harpster, the release said.
The voice department of Rock Town, which prepared students for this performance, consists of Bradley along with Dee Lovett, Jared Koepp and Gabrielle Dobbins.
Sound was delivered by Michael Kokinda, according to the release.
During the monthly summer series, Fire It Up! First Fridays feature a community performance.
“We were thrilled to wrap up this year’s series with Rock Town students,” said Candice Pettigrew Ruckman, director of marketing and operations for FireFish Arts, in the release. “Their talent and dedication to giving an outstanding performance in any situation, including rain, shined bright.
“We are grateful to everyone who joined us to support local talented youth in reaching their dreams.”
The collaboration between Firefish and Rock Town will continue Sept. 21 at the FireFish Festival in downtown Lorain.
The FireFish festival is an art event that combines music, art, dance, food, crafts and community collaboration.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group