Pop culture is constantly evolving, as are the celebrities who capture the spotlight. While we still hold the legendary icons of the past in high esteem, these 20 celebrities are the ones Generation Z can't stop talking about.
Although some wouldn't consider him a celebrity, Noah Beck has a massive following from TikTok. Since blowing up on the app in 2020, the 23-year-old has become one of the most talked-about influencers among Gen Z today, landing spots at some of the most exclusive events in the industry, including Paris Fashion Week.
Since her debut, Simone Biles has had Gen Z in the palm of her hand, captivating them with her unparalleled athletic talent and authentic personality. And, if you needed another reason to love her, she's the world's most decorated gymnast, earning four Olympic gold medals and several World Championship titles. 
Tate McRae is one of Gen Z's favorite pop stars. She's released massive hits, including "exes" and "greedy," both of which have gone viral on the popular social media app TikTok.
The Kardashians are extremely popular celebrities, but Kylie Jenner is the No. 1 girl in the group among their Gen Z fans. 
Dua's songs take off on TikTok and mainstream radio, so you already know she's a hit with the Gen Z crowd.
Let's be real: Taylor Swift is loved by every generation. Have you seen her streaming records?
Lukas Gage popped on the scene out of nowhere and took off, but we aren't mad about it. The actor has a growing career with credits, including The White Lotus and Gossip Girl . His wedding (officiated by Kim Kardashian) also made headlines. The only sad part about it is that the marriage ended seven months later.  
Like Noah, Addison Rae amassed an enormous number of followers on the social media app TikTok, which generated a large amount of attention, lead roles in Netflix films, winning Streamy awards, and hanging out with Kardashians on their reality shows on E! and Hulu.
Olivia Rodrigo is a master singer and songwriter with three No. 1 hits, two massive albums, and a multitude of Gen Z fans.
Billie Eilish is Gen Z, so it's understandable why she's a pretty big deal in their eyes.
There's more to Timothée Chalamet than his good looks, like his work in blockbuster hits, including Willy Wonka and Dune. However, we do recognize his good looks and unique sense of style, and so do the digital natives.
There are so many things to love about Shawn Mendes, including his catchy music and striking smile. However, we can also admit that those shirtless Instagram photos are likely the reason he has nearly 75 million followers and a growing fanbase on TikTok. 
Generation Z has been rocking with Zendaya since her time on Shake It Up. Since leaving Disney Channel, her fans have been supporting the actor through it all, including Spider-Man, Euphoria, and Dune.
It's hard to pick just one member from the boy band BTS, so we're listing them all. From Jin to Suga to V, Gen Z can't get enough of these fellas from South Korea.
Jack Harlow releases music that Generation Z seems to love. "What's Poppin," "Industry Baby," and "First Class," to name a few. They love his music so much that whenever he drops, it blows up online, especially TikTok. Plus, he's good-looking with a fly sense of style. We can't help but to stan.
We (and much of Gen Z) love Travis Kelce because of his athletic ability, infectious personality, and style. But there's also a collective love for him because he'll be bringing Taylor Swift to our televisions every Sunday this coming fall.
It's hard not to cheer for Marsai Martin. The actor has been making moves since the young age of 10, starring in shows like Black-ish and Lego Star Wars. She's also all about her money, striking production deals with studios like Universal and producing blockbuster hits, including Little and the upcoming film Amari and the Night Brothers.
After watching Maddie go through one of the most challenging times of her life on Dance Moms, the only thing people want is for her to win, so the massive support she receives from Gen Z makes perfect sense. 
Sabrina Carpenter's single "Espresso" has been blowing up since its release in April 2024. It reached No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 and has sold over one million copies in the United States, solidifying her as one of Gen Z's best new pop divas.
Like Travis, Gen Z appreciates Tom Holland for giving them Spider-Man and more access to his superstar girlfriend, Zendaya.
Jacquez Printup has been writing about all things entertainment, including reality TV, pop culture, and celebrity news, since his time as a student at Ohio University.  Since graduating, he's continued binging seasons of "Vanderpump Rules" and “Big Brother” and talking about them online.  His writing has been featured in publications like ScreenRant, Yahoo, RealityTea, Yardbarker, and in the popular television series "The Real Housewives of Atlanta
More must-reads:
Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!