By CHIKAMSO CHUKWUENYEM FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:43, 17 September 2024   |  Updated:  12:03, 17 September 2024   
 11
View  comments
Charli XCX stunned in a blue dress on Sunday after thrilling fans by announcing she will release a remixed version of her album Brat.
The English singer, 32, looked beautiful in the Acne Studios-branded dress which she wore with several black belts with silver detailing.
Charli finished her edgy look with a black pair of fingerless gloves and a studded black bracelet. 
She shared the image to her Instagram page with the caption: 'Detroit was c***' and footage of her concert in the Michigan city.
On Thursday, Charli took to Twitter, formerly X, to announce that on October 11 she will release a new version of her sixth studio album Brat. 
Charli XCX, 32, stunned in a blue dress from Acne Studios after thrilling fans by announcing she will release a remixed version of her smash-hit album Brat
On Thursday, Charli took to Twitter, formerly X, to announce that on October 11 she will release a new version of her sixth studio album Brat 
She described the new album as: 'Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat'. 
Charli released the first Brat in June, and it was preceded by its singles Von Dutch and 360. 
Its third single, Apple, was a runaway hit, going viral on TikTok - along with its dance - and being used in over 1.5million videos.
Brat as a whole is the highest-rated album of 2024, according to Metacritic, and Charli's achieved Charli's highest chart debut in the 11 years she has been releasing albums.
Guess, a song from Brat's deluxe version and featuring American singer Billie Eilish, became Charli's second number one single - 11 years after I Love It with Icona Pop.
Thursday's news of Brat the remix sent fans into a frenzy and they took to the tweet's replies to express their excitement. 
They wrote: 'WERE SO READY'; 'No way we getting brat (reversed)'; 'ITS BRAT AUTUMN YALL, BRAT WILL NEVER DIE'; 'ALL OF MY DREAMS HAVE COME TRUE.'
According to Variety, the project will contain 16 songs, five of which are previously released remixes of songs from the original album. 
Brat is the highest-rated album of 2024 and its deluxe version spawned Guess, Charli's first number-one in 11 years (Charli pictured in 2022)
The announcement comes as she prepares to launch her North American SWEAT tour with Troye Sivan, 29 (both pictured in June)
While the other 11 songs have not yet been revealed, the album features '360' with Robyn and Yung Lean, 'Von Dutch' with Addison Rae, 'Girl, So Confusing' with Lorde, 'Guess' with Billie Eilish, and 'Talk talk' with Troye Sivan.
The album will also reportedly include a second disc, which is the original tracklist of BRAT plus its three bonus tracks.
MailOnline has contacted Charli XCX's representatives for comment.  
Meanwhile, Charli is just days away from launching her SWEAT tour with Troye Sivan, 29. 
The tour will take the two of them to arenas across North America, including New York City’s Madison Square Garden on September 23 and L.A.’s Kia Forum on October 15. 
Charli XCX is just days away from launching her SWEAT tour with Troye Sivan, 29. 
The tour will take the two of them to arenas across North America, including New York City’s Madison Square Garden on September 23 and L.A.’s Kia Forum on October 15. 
On the day, the joint tour general sale went live ticket sales for the pop star spiked by 906% on ticket marketplace viagogo compared to the month prior.
Charli XCX has been going from strength to strength after releasing her album Brat in June this year. 
On the day of her album release thousands of fans flocked to viagogo to view Charli XCX tickets causing a massive 235% increase in page views.
According to viagogo, Charli XCX's best-selling show is currently her upcoming stop at New York's Madison Square Garden in late September, as the singer takes stateside by storm.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group