Confirm your voter registration status and be ready for election day in your area.
 By Team JamBase Mar 5, 2024 • 2:16 pm PST
 Photos via HeadCount
Registering to vote in the United States is not just a civic duty, it is a fundamental right and a cornerstone of democracy. At its core, registering to vote is about empowerment giving eligible citizens a voice in the political process, allowing them to have a say in the decisions that impact their lives. 
Whether it’s choosing elected officials, approving legislation, or deciding on critical issues, voting is the mechanism through which citizens can express their preferences and hold their representatives accountable. Today, Super Tuesday voters in 15 states will cast their ballots in the U.S. Presidential primary elections ahead of the general election in November.   
HeadCount, a non-partisan organization that focuses on voter registration and civic engagement, was founded in 2004 by Andy Bernstein and the Disco Biscuits’ Marc Brownstein. HeadCount recently named Lucille Wenegieme as its new Executive Director, taking over for Andy Bernstein who continues to consult the organization.
HeadCount has a large presence within the live music community, using the power of music to engage people in the democratic process and promote participation in elections. HeadCount has registered over one million voters through its work with musicians like Phish, Dead & Company, Dave Matthews Band, Beyoncé, Billie Eilish, Jay-Z, Harry Styles, Lizzo, Ariana Grande and Alicia Keys among others. 
HeadCount has also partnered with organizations such as Global Citizen; events including Lollapalooza, Bonnaroo, pride festivals and RuPaul’s DragCon; as well as with brands like Spotify, Major League Baseball and American Eagle. In addition to voter registration, HeadCount also provides educational resources on issues such as voting rights, election procedures, and the importance of civic engagement. 
Visit HeadCount.org to find links to check your voter Registration Status and links to Register to Vote in your state. Find out the dates of important registration deadlines (registration deadlines differ from state to state) and upcoming elections in your area. Locate your polling place. Educate yourself on eligibility requirements and find other frequently asked voter registration questions. 
When voters cast ballots it gives them the power to shape the composition of legislative bodies, electing officials who reflect their values and priorities. Whether at the local, state, or national level, every vote counts and can make a difference in determining the course of governance and the direction of public policy.
[Article sponsored by Single and Sober.]
 Everything you need to
 Go See Live Music
  Personalized music news & recommendations 
 Create a free account or log in.
 Join or log in via email.
 Not you?
 Forgot password?
 Let’s create your account to get started.
  8 or more characters
  At least 1 letter
  At least 1 number
 We’ll only send you notifications you opt into.
  Valid phone number
 By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.