Manage your account
The Puerto Rican rapper Bad Bunny has purchased billboards across San Juan in protest of the New Progressive Party, which has a lead in the November gubernatorial election. Across the city’s main streets, several billboards have popped up, with one reading, “A vote for the PNP is a vote for corruption.”
On X , Bad Bunny wrote that he bought the billboards to show his love for Puerto Rico. Bad Bunny has yet to endorse a candidate but has rallied against the two main parties, the ruling PNP and the Popular Democratic Party, who share political power on the island.
More from Rolling Stone
Chappell Roan Clears Up Her Election Stance: 'I'm Voting for F-cking Kamala'
Chappell Roan Clarifies Election Comments: 'Nuance to What I Say'
Country Music Just Loves to Cover Chappell Roan
Although a poll shows PNP candidate Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon leading the governor’s race, Puerto Rican Independence Party Juan Dalmau has gained steam, especially with young voters angered by the island’s sluggish recovery following Hurricane Maria in 2017.
Though Bad Bunny has been outspoken about Puerto Rico, he has steered clear of broader U.S. politics during a time when pop artists like Billie Eilish and Taylor Swift have supported the Harris-Walz campaign.
In an interview on the “El Tony Pregunta” podcast, Bad Bunny said, “I am not getting involved in politics; politics gets into my life because it affects my country, because it affects Puerto Rico.”
Puerto Rican artist Anuel AA and reggaeton star Nicky Jam have pledged their support for Donald Trump’s presidential campaign. Anuel AA and Justin Quiles attended a Pennsylvania Trump rally on Aug. 30, with Anuel calling Trump, “the best president the world has seen.”
Bad Bunny’s representatives declined Rolling Stone’s requests for comment.
Best of Rolling Stone
The 50 Greatest Eminem Songs
All 274 of Taylor Swift's Songs, Ranked
The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time
Sign up for RollingStone's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.