Simply the best new dance tracks of the week.

													By
												

	Katie Bain


	This week in dance music: A load of classic (and signed!) vinyl trance classics are being auctioned off for charity, we spoke to Phoenix about their performance during the 2024 Olympics Closing Ceremony in Paris, an electronic-infused show that generated a streaming surge for Kavinsky’s 2010 classic “Nightcall.” Bicep’s Matt McBriar revealed that he’s recovering from surgery for a non-cancerous brain tumor, the lineup was announced for Damian Lazarus’ annual Day Zero party in Tulum, as was the lineup for the four-day Art of the Wild happening this fall at the Wynn Las Vegas. Charli XCX revealed that one more Brat remix will be released before Brat summer becomes Brat fall, and we chatted about the chart success of her Billie Eilish-featuring edit of “Guess.”

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Bonobo		
					






















	
		
					Kylie Minogue		
					






















	
		
					Peggy Gou		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	And of course, we’ve got the goods. These are the best new dance tracks of the week. 




			Trending on Billboard		






The Blessed Madonna & Kylie Minogue, “Edge of Saturday Night”

	The Blessed Madonna ramps up ahead of the release of her debut album, Godspeed, with its latest single, a banger of a singalong party anthem featuring the queen herself, Kylie Minogue. Having demonstrated her dexterity in fusing the pop world and dance realms of her Club Future Nostalgia megamix of Dua Lipa’s Future Nostalgia, the artist born Marea Stamper again demonstrates the seamless crossover between the two world’s with a piano-laced, shimmeringly synthy party anthem that maintains a lot of muscle in its bassline. An official video for the track, filmed at Ibiza’s classic club Pikes, is forthcoming, with Godspeed itself out on October 11 via Warner Records.

Bonobo, “Xpander”

	Who else but the master Bonobo could so deftly arrange spare beats, an ethereal acapella and what sounds like flute into a kinetic, hard-hitting electronic track that’s long been a weapon in his sets. After playing it out all summer the England-born, Los Angeles based producer had officially dropped fan favorite “Xpander” through Ninja Tune and will surely play it in upcoming performances that include his Outlier shows happening at Red Rocks in Colorado in September and throughout Europe into the fall and a Los Angeles Boiler Room event on September 21. 

	










Peggy Gou, “Find the Way”

	Ahead of her biggest ever headlining show tomorrow (Aug. 17) in London, Peggy Gou has released a one-off single, “Find the Way.” Featuring her own vocals, the track very much extends the cool, dreamy vibe of her June album, I Hear You, and particularly its hit single “It Goes Like (Nanana),” ultimately taking a slightly darker and subtly more psychedelic turn in its final third. “Find the Way” is out through Gou’s own Gudu Records and comes ahead of her show tomorrow in London’s Gunnersbury Park that will also feature Mochakk, LSDXOXO, Sally C and Hiver.

What So Not & Habstrakt feat. Maiah Manser “Realise”

	The Australian producer releases his full Motions EP today, adding two more tracks to the project’s already out and genuinely excellent two singles “Lights Go Out” and “Slow Motion.” Produced alongside French artist Habstrakt and featuring vocals from L.A.-based singer Maiah Manser, “Realise” folds elements of garage and progressive house into a glowing, cerebral anthem for the afterhours. The EP follows What So Not’s Dance Dance Revival Tour, which hit 11 venues around Australia with the goal of platforming rising Australian artists who’ve had a hard time breaking through due to pandemic-related shutdowns, inflation and fewer opportunities, given how far the country is from so many other places, with the run ending with a sweet, raucous finale. Motions is out via Create Music Group. 

Radio Slave, “The Lunatics” (Solomun Edit)

	The master Solomun puts his unmistakable touch on Radio Slaves’ “The Lunatics,” from that artist’s May album, Venti. The Bosnian-German producer transforms the original into tough, 80s-influenced and darkly hypnotic anthem in the grand tradition of New Order, and just in time for these sweaty late days of summer. 

	










Duke Dumont feat. Clementine Douglas, “Ain’t Giving Up”

	The English producer returns in fine form with “Ain’t Giving Up,” on which he demonstrates his signature synth forward take on house music, with the power-lunged Clementine Douglas adding chest-pumping vocals about refusing to give up on someone you love over the bewitching production. Dumont’s upcoming shows include Las Vegas’ Zouk this weekend, two nights at the Brooklyn Mirage later this month and two major sold out shows in London and Dublin this fall. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.