"I've had my eye on him since the Mickey Mouse Club," lead singer Blóthar the Berserker says.
Jessica is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where she covers TV, movies, and pop culture. Her work has appeared in Bustle, NYLON, Cosmopolitan, InStyle, and more. She lives in California with her dog.
 Welcome to the Barbie Gwarhouse.

 Heavy metal band Gwar recently channeled their inner Kenergies with a cover of Ryan Gosling's Oscar-nominated Barbie anthem "I'm Just Ken," and now you can witness the results.

 In the latest installment of the A.V. Club's music web series A.V. Undercover, vocalist Blóthar the Berserker, drummer JiZMak da Gusha, guitarist and keyboardist BälSäc the Jaws 'o Death, and fellow guitarists Beefcake the Mighty and Grodius Maximus give their own unique (and expletive-filled) take on the song.

 Much like Gosling's himbo alter ego, Gwar lament that it doesn't seem to matter what they do, they're always No. 2, and still "too gross" and "too much for most." Blóthar later sings: "We're just Gwar / We are shock-rock superstars / Yes we are clowns and we exist."

 The sci-fi-themed rockers, who assume the role of interplanetary warriors, are set to embark on their Stoned Age tour this fall, spanning venues across New York, Texas, Ohio, California, and Arizona.

 So, why "I'm Just Ken"? "I'd love to say it's our long love affair with musical theater," Blóthar says in the video, "but unfortunately it's in my prurient interest in Ryan Gosling. I've had my eye on him since The Mickey Mouse Club."

Warner Bros. Pictures
 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 "I'm Just Ken," from Greta Gerwig's 2023 blockbuster, was written and produced by Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt. It was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Song, alongside ultimate winner — also from the Barbie soundtrack — "What Was I Made For," by Billie Eilish and Finneas.

 Speaking with Entertainment Weekly last year, Gosling said he channeled his Mouseketeer past to play the musical Ken. "At a certain point I thought I had left that kid behind, and I realized that I needed his help to make this movie," he said. "So I had to go back and make peace with him and ask for his help. It was good for me."

 Watch Gwar's rendition of "I'm Just Ken" above.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)