The Oscars are far more than just the biggest night in Hollywood these days — and watching the show has become about far more than who wins and who get snubbed.
When the curtain goes up for the 96th Academy Awards on March 10 from the Dolby Theater in Los Angeles, we'll watching for the moments that we can't stop talking about the next day.
And go figure, you can bet on quite a few of them (in some places).
FanDuel Sportsbook in Ontario has already drawn up a number props to go with their full odds for all 23 categories. But not all are created equal. Let's run through the wagers starting from most-likely to hit to least-likely.
Oppenheimer is now -3500 to win Best Picture.
Murphy is -1000 to win Best Actor.
Oppenheimer is a movie about men talking in rooms. Murphy plays the titular man.
Lock this one up.
Figuring out this one means trying to first decipher who is going to win.
Cillian Murphy and the cast of Oppenheimer won't give too many long speeches if their previous awards appearance this season are to be trusted. The same goes for Emma Stone in best actress.
However, if Lily Gladstone wins over Stone, we may get an incredible moment — and a very well-deserved one at that — which the show should let go as long as she pleases.
Other candidates to go long: Robert Downey Jr., Jonathan Glazer, 20 Days in Mariupol and Anatomy of a Fall.
This seems like a lock. Christopher Nolan has already been awarded Best Director for Oppenheimer from the BAFTAs, Critics Choice Awards, Directors Guild of America and the Golden Globes.
He's the heavy favorite to win Best Director at the Oscars at -2000.
Billie Eilish also won Best Original Song at the Golden Globes. Everyone will rightfully be excited to see I'm Just Ken performed at the Oscars, but I'm not sold it's going to end up winning.
Yeah, this is going to be an easy win for Oppenheimer. Even if the epic film doesn't win all 13 awards it's nominated for (more on this later), it should pretty easily come away with Best Picture, Actor, Director, Sound, Original Score, Editing and Cinematography. Those combined are more than enough.
(Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP, File)
This feels like it happens every other year and those steps are steep!
As far as longshots go, this feels like one of the most winnable.
It does seem strange that an award-winner would be missing from the biggest night in Hollywood, but as the Academy has become more internationally focused, it wouldn't be surprising if one of the lower ticket categories isn't as well-represented.
As much as I love La La Land, I don't expect Ryan Gosling to come close to stealing Best Supporting Actor from Robert Downey Jr.
Even if I did, I'm not convinced Emma Stone has locked up Best Actress over Lily Gladstone.
(Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)
Is it impossible for this to happen again? Of course not. But after the La La Land-Moonlight debacle, this will be the one thing the Academy gets right for the foreseeable future.
Winners often claim its heavier than they were expecting, but the Oscars statuette is only 8.5 pounds. Even with he extra nerves associated with walking up on stage to accept, it's likely not getting dropped.
I just don't see this one happening. Not because Kimmel couldn't come up with good material, but because it doesn't seem like he'll want to revisit a saga that involved legitimate threats of legal action.
Blame Christopher Nolan here. Emily Blunt was excellent in Oppenheimer, and if she had more screen time to show off her serious acting chops — like in the hearing scene — she'd have a pretty solid case for Best Actress. But she's not going to get more love than Emma Stone or Lily Gladstone this year, so the dream of an Oppenheimer sweep is dead.