Filed under:
Or, as R-Truth insists, proof of Tom & Nick Mysterio’s existence.
Recently, Tony, Emmy & Grammy winner* Lin-Manuel Miranda reminded the world that he’s a big pro wrestling fan. While appearing on Ebro in the Morning earlier this month, Miranda revealed that he regularly texts Ebro’s regular Hot 97 co-host and sometime WWE commentator Peter Rosenberg about wrestling — and that Dirty Dom Mysterio is one of the modern characters he gets the most joy from.
“I could list lots of heroes — I am way too into wrestling. But I’m loving Dom Mysterio’s heel-to-superheel turn. 
“He was already over as a heel, and then he left Rhea Ripley for Liv Morgan, and they don’t even let him talk. They boo so much when he talks that he has to break into Spanish [laughs]. It is the most over I’ve seen a heel since ‘The Million Dollar Man’ [TedDiBiase] was kicking basketballs out from under kids’ hands in the 80s. 
“He’s just also — like, the fact that we grew up watching him, that Eddie Guerrero and Rey Mysterio fought over custody of him in a match, and he was a little boy just being like, ‘Which one’s my dad?’, and now he’s super heel with a mullet!”
We bring that up because the man behind Hamilton (and a musical version of Walter Hill’s 1979 classic film The Warriors... which is a weird idea that probably shouldn’t work, but most would have said the same about putting a hip-hop history lesson on Broadway) attended SmackDown last Friday while WWE was in Brooklyn. And while he was there, he got dressed up as his current favorite.
He even got the Dirty One himself and the WWE Women’s World champion to join in the fun (and apparently got a costuming assist from Chief Creative Officer Paul Levesque and his wife, someone named Stephanie McMahon).
A post shared by Lin-Manuel Miranda (@lin_manuel)
If that’s not enough fun for you, check out what our guy R-Truth did with one of the pics from that post...
Y’all believe me now??? Tom&Nick right before your eyes  !!  Nick…did you delete your Facebook account? I can’t find you   pic.twitter.com/EymSN9mOMp
We never doubted Truth about Tom & Nick Mysterio’s existence. Now if someone can track down Little Jimmy... that kid’s got to be in his 20s by now. We’re sure he has some stories to tell.
* Get this man an Oscar so we can just call him an EGOT. I’m sure one of his future Disney songs will be better than whatever Billie Eilish ballad will be nominated that year.
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.