She also gave a garage punk rendition of Harry Styles "Watermelon Sugar."

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

Doja Cat brought her quirky-eccentric personality and undeniable vocal talent to The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon on Wednesday (May 1).

	Not only did the Grammy-winner perform her new single, “Acknowledge Me” from the Scarlet deluxe album Claude, but she also spoke on her recent festival performance and played a few games that showed off her improv skills. 

	Besides Doja transforming Fallon into one of her very hairy background dancers from her iconic Coachella set, she also effortlessly transformed her top-charting Scarlet hit, “Paint The Town Red” into a Broadway tune during the “Musical Genre Challenge.”

	Fallon kicked off the segment with a Disco remix to Billie Eilish’s “What Was I Made For?” before Doja gave a garage punk rendition to “Watermelon Sugar” by Harry Styles. 

	










	As the next round called for “Paint The Town Red” to be sang in a Broadway voice, she recalled her early days of being “adjacent to theater kids.” She disclaimed that she’s never taken acting classes, but “was around them enough to absorb their life-force energy.”

	“Bi**h, I said what I said, I’d rather be famous instead/ I let all that get to my head, I don’t care I’d paint the town red …red/ Bi**h …. Bi**h,” she sang in her most theatrical voice as the audience went wild.

	See below.

	Ahead of her late night TV appearance, Doja made a historic feat last month at Coachella as the first female rapper to headline the annual festival. 

	Throughout her set mostly consisting of songs from her latest album, she also surprised fans with special guests 21 Savage, A$AP Rocky and Teezo Touchdown for collaborative efforts. 

	Tale a look at Doja Cat singing in her best Broadway voice above and performing “Acknowledge Me” on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.