Home    Forums    Music    AOTY: The 8th spot
Considering that The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess is eligible, let’s discuss the 8th spot for Album of the Year?
The final nominee is being discussed a lot since there is a consensus on the other 7 contenders being safe bets: Beyoncé, Sabrina Carpenter, Charli XCX, Billie Eilish, Ariana Grande, Chappell Roan, and Taylor Swift. BRAT could still be at risk of missing out, but again, these are not locks—just safer bets.
Starting with Country, the two biggest country darlings of this generation released new albums during this eligibility period: Chris Stapleton’s Higher and Kacey Musgraves’ Deeper Well. Although Chris is probably the favorite and will likely sweep the Country Field, Kacey could still attract votes from the Pop and Americana blocks, in addition to the Country one. I have some hesitation about predicting Country in the GF after a series of snubs, so I wouldn’t consider either of these a great bet. Besides, they might split votes, and these albums aren’t as big or as strong as their most popular records.
Childish Gambino’s Bando Stone & the New World OST and Jacob Collier’s Djesse Vol. 4 are two albums from previously nominated artists that blend various genres. Childish, former ROTY/SOTY winner, has good celebrity status and it seems like it could happen. I didn’t like the album, but I see a lot of people did. On the other hand, Jacob Collier is well-liked by voters in Arrangement and Instrumental categories, and his cross-genre appeal might help him reach voters from different areas, such as American Roots and Global Music. The album would be similar to Jon Batiste’s World Music Radio nomination.
Speaking of Global Music, Tyla’s debut, which mixes Amapiano and R&B, is performing well, and she has already built a big fanbase. However, I wonder if she will have enough strenght to make it into AOTY, especially given her ballot placement. Another R&B artist to consider is USHER. While people generally liked his album, it didn’t create a huge buzz, and he wasn’t nominated for his album’s biggest hit last year, “Good Good.” He’s also not generating much discussion as a contender for R&B categories this year, except for Album. Lucky Daye, working with GRAMMY favorites D’Mile and Bruno Mars, is also an option. His song “That’s You” is doing well on R&B radio, and he’s always in the mix for something. I don’t think he can break into the GF, but we should wait and see. It’s important to note that the R&B block is large, and voters WILL go for their favorites.
I think boygenius and Lana Del Rey are quite different from the main Alternative contenders this year, such as Brittany Howard, St. Vincent, and Vampire Weekend. The former two have never been nominated for AOTY as solo artists, and Vampire Weekend’s album, though highly acclaimed, underperformed and has a poor ballot placement.
If any rap artist could make it into AOTY this year, it would be Doja Cat. There are theories about why “Paint The Town Red” was snubbed in the GF, but some time has passed, and personal criticisms against her may have faded. Scarlet had “Agora Hills” to maintain buzz, even though it didn’t last until now, near voting. With a good ballot placement, she will likely receive votes from R&B, rap, and pop members of the Recording Academy. It’s still a possibility. Oh, and there’s Dua Lipa.
What do you all think? After Janelle Monáe’s surprise appearance in the lineup last year, I believe any of these could happen, and predictions shouldn’t be judged too harshly. One thing that could explain the The Age of Pleasure nomination is that Janelle worked with many musicians liked by the Recording Academy. They might have also had an internal FYC campaign.
There is also a narrative about NARAS potentially having its first all-female AOTY lineup. This almost happened last year, with Jon Batiste being the only man nominated for the top prize, and it was also close in 1999, with Lauryn Hill, Shania Twain, Sheryl Crow, Madonna, and Garbage all being nominated. Perhaps this will be the year of women!
One of them:
Black Pumas – Chronicles Of A Diamond
Childish Gambino – Bando Stone & the New World
Muni Long – Revenge
Lucky Daye – Algorithm
Tyla – Tyla
Usher – Coming Home
I think I’m between Muni Long and Lucky Daye right now. But my hope is Tyla.
I feel like Gambino is the closest to Janelle, in terms of being a previous nominee with a less acclaimed, less big album that’s still not panned or a massive flop necessarily either. 
Vampire Weekend will get that 8th spot. Their last album was also nominated for AOTY. It was one of the most acclaimed albums of the year. On top of that, Ezra is well liked in the industry. His father-in-law mr. Quincy Jones could manoeuvre his ass into that category.
Let’s be real. Ms Grande is not a safe bet in AOTY. Ole girl only scored an AOTY nom once and that album was released in the peak of her career. If Positions didn’t even get in with 10 slots and a very dull year, I’d say Eternal Sunshine is definitely missing AOTY.
 I’d say Eternal Sunshine is definitely missing AOTY. 
lol, you’re hatedicting
i think i’m leaning towards Childish Gambino, although he isn’t in the PC yet so i have Jacob Collier rn. i do feel like you’ve named all of the realistic possibilities, and considering there’s usually always at least one shocker, you’ve probably just cursed them all
I’m also betting on Gambino. Since the removal of the BRP, the “surprise” nominee has had most if not all of the following: R&B support, other industry endeavors, previous GF nom, and high alphabetical placement. Jon, Mary, and Janelle are all musicians you see in film and TV – that helped them stand out. Gambino fits right in that group. Bando Stone being Donald’s last album as Childish Gambino will also factor into voting.
Since Beyoncé is not the R&B pick this year, that block is gonna push someone else. IMO, it’s Gambino with Lucky Daye right behind him as I feel like he’ll have passion after years of building goodwill. Having a D’Mile-produced album also helps.
I think I’m the only one in the world predicting it so I will explain why I’m betting on Muni Long. 
1. I’m totally sure the 8th spot will be R&B/Urban Contemporary
2. I think we shouldn’t look for someone similar to Mary J. Blige or Janelle Monáe because both were unexpected and this time it’s probably gonna be something similar again. So I don’t buy comparations of Usher to Mary J. Blige or Childish Gambino to Janelle Monáe because it’s too obvious. I reach deeper and I try to get in mind of r&b voters
3. This definitely has to be someone very very liked by the black industry. Muni Long is well known as a songwriter for years and she’s already awarded with important awards. She won a Grammy and a Soul Train Award for Song Of The Year.
4. She has the biggest r&b hit of the year. Made For Me is probably a lock to win Best R&B Performance and the song is part of her album. Other singles are doing fine too. She is really representative of r&b in 2023/24.
5. She was an opening act of Chris Brown tour. You can like him or not, but the black industry is totally behind him. In other threads you can see videos of r&b stars attending the shows. So this is a big exposure for Muni.
6. Grammys sometimes like to nominate previous Best New Artist nominees in AOTY with their first albums after the BNA nomination. Some examples: Black Pumas (2020 BNA 2021 AOTY), Doja Cat (2021 BNA, 2022 AOTY), Phoebe Bridges (2021 BNA, 2024 AOTY).
I think I’m the only one in the world predicting it so I will explain why I’m betting on Muni Long.
You make some great points! I’ll also add that her new album is a frontrunner for R&B Album and will be released at the end of the eligibility period so it’ll be fresh in voters’ minds.
To me, it’s Childish for a lot of reasons. I like the possibilities of being Lucky Daye, Muni Long or Usher but if Monet didn’t get with that support, I don’t know if Lucky and Muni are getting, and Usher is too low in the alphabetical order. I would say that none of them had major support from industry like Childish has too and he reminds Mary and Janelle in this sense.
Childish is a previous AOTY nominee and ROTY/SOTY winner, he could get support from many fields (pop, r&b, even alternative and rap), even if this album had no buzz it had the thing being “the last Childish Gambino record” which couldn’t matter or not but anyway, he had some noms at the Emmys this year so helps this kind of visibility.
I wonder if we’re missing someone from alternative and rock but the possibilities are Vampire Weekend, St. Vincent and Brittany Howard and don’t feel confident in predicting any of them.
Honey, this thread should be about the 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th & 8th spots in AOTY.  Only Beyoncé, Billie Eilish, and Taylor Swift are guaranteed.
How do we all feel about AOTY being this pop heavy? I’m getting second thoughts after someone brought this up to me.
How do we all feel about AOTY being this pop heavy? I’m getting second thoughts after someone brought this up to me. 
TBH, I don’t like it at all. I don’t think it would be fair to the other genres if AOTY was this pop heavy again. I felt the same way the last two ceremonies. I still believe that no one is a guarantee or a ‘safe bet’ in any category. I think we should just wait until it gets closer to the nominations coming out.
How do we all feel about AOTY being this pop heavy? I’m getting second thoughts after someone brought this up to me. 
All Pop Album nominees in 2023 got nominated for AOTY so a repeat is possible. The eventual AOTY winner was a Pop album, so we have to see where the support lies this year. It’ll be harder this time though cause you have multiple successful albums with big hits.
Billie, Taylor, Sabrina, and Chappell are safe IMO. You have a Grammy favorite, the highest-selling album, the hitmaker, and the breakout star in these contenders. Add in Beyoncé because duh + she’ll be a Country/Americana/R&B representative. Ariana’s probably gonna make it in despite falling behind the rest. Household name + comeback narrative + Wicked “buzz.” Then there’s Charli. A few weeks ago you could’ve argued that she’s not getting nominated because of her Grammy history and unconventional pop star status. But, Brat is showing stability and generating hits. Most importantly, its genius marketing. You just know if she gets those noms, she’s gonna have an excellent campaign. All of them can totally get in and it’s seeming like they will.
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				1 hour ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				3 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media