Manage your account
The Boss has spoken.
Bruce Springsteen took to social media on Thursday (Oct. 3) to officially announce that in the upcoming presidential election, he will be voting for the Kamala Harris and Tim Walz ticket. “We are shortly coming up on one of the most consequential elections in our nation’s history,” he explains in the video, in which the “Born in the U.S.A.” star is seen at the bar of what appears to be a diner. “Perhaps not since the Civil War has this great country felt as politically, emotionally and spiritually divided as it does at this moment. It doesn’t have to be this way. The common values, the shared stories that make this a great and united nation are waiting to be rediscovered and retold once again. That will take time, hard work, intelligence, faith and women and men with the national good guiding their hearts.”
More from Billboard
All the Musicians Supporting Kamala Harris in the 2024 Presidential Election
Joe Jonas Drops New Single 'What This Could Be': Stream It Now
Rich Homie Quan's Family Releases 'Forever Goin In' Posthumous Album: Stream It Now
He continued that what makes America “great” are values that Harris believes in — “freedom, social justice, equal opportunity, the right to be in love with who you want,” he shared, before adding that Donald Trump “is the most dangerous candidate for president in my lifetime.”
Springsteen continued, “His disdain for the sanctity of our Constitution, the sanctity of democracy, the sanctity of the rule of law, and the sanctity for the peaceful transfer of power should disqualify him from the office of president ever again. He doesn’t understand the meaning of this country, its history or what it means to be deeply American.”
The star concluded by noting that his right to vote is “one of the most precious possessions I have,” and that he respects everyone’s “choices” as a fellow American citizen.
Springsteen joins a long list of artists who have also come forward with their support for Harris, including Taylor Swift, Billie Eilish, Stevie Nicks, Cardi B, Jason Isbell, John Legend, Katy Perry and many more. See his full statement via Instagram here.
Best of Billboard
Chart Rewind: In 1989, New Kids on the Block Were 'Hangin' Tough' at No. 1
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Sign up for Billboard's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.