Advertisement

                May 30, 2024 | 8 min read
            


                        Listen to article
                    
4 min

The luxury fashion brand has raised eyebrows with an Instagram video featuring a fake Beyoncé, Ariana Grande, Kylie Jenner and Taylor Swift in a cheeky take on dupes.
Alexander Wang has sparked debate online
“I would drag him to court” and “This marketing is genuinely genius” are just two of the polarizing comments on an ad posted to the Alexander Wang Instagram account. The New York-based luxury fashion brand has made headlines with an ‘unboxing’ style video featuring superstar lookalikes to promote its new Ricco bag.
In the video, individuals who resemble Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande, Beyoncé, and Kylie Jenner all appear in a short clip with a sassy caption that reads “100% certified authentic.” This tongue-in-cheek message is a playful nod to the fact that the latest accessory is strikingly similar to the brand’s Rocco bag, which was popular in the early 2010s. The ad playfully acknowledges the similarities and differences between the two purses, drawing attention to the concept of authenticity in luxury fashion.
A post shared by alexanderwang (@alexanderwangny)
However, it is a bold move for the fashion house. Over the past few years, lookalikes have found viral fame online, often to the dismay of the real celebrities they imitate. For instance, Billie Eilish has criticized the trend, famously asking a fan not to pretend to be her over safety concerns. This controversy doesn’t even take into account the murky waters of AI and digital deepfakes, which further complicate issues of likeness and authenticity in the digital age.
The concept of imitation in the fashion industry is nothing new, but it also risks legal repercussions and ethical concerns. In 2019, Ariana Grande sued Forever 21 for $10m for using her likeness in an ad without permission. At the time, the singer said that the fashion retailer was piggybacking on her fame and influence to sell products.
Designer Wang has faced personal controversy and judicial woes himself in recent years, which have been well-documented.
Katie Mitchell, managing director at Seen Studios, which counts Coach, Flannels and Nike among its clients, says she isn’t at all surprised by this marketing tactic.
“In a world where AI and bots are flooding our media channels, it’s not surprising to see lookalikes of high-profile celebrities being used in advertising campaigns, but this doesn’t play into the hands of building trust with a brand, as it can be deemed as unnerving and ingenuine which is problematic for brands and the industry,” she explained.
“Wang is playing into ‘dupe’ culture, which has been a risky move for well-known brands historically. Recognizing dupe culture is one thing, but the use of celebrity identification is another; this won’t sit well with fans, who are quite possibly the same customer base of Wang’s.”
It’s something that Rankin agrees with, the world-renowned photographer believing that this isn’t a great look for the brand. “It definitely works as a piece of marketing, as we are all talking about it and it’s getting lots of press. But let’s be honest, it’s pretty crap and, reputation-ally, it’s not leaning into authenticity or anything to do with luxury,” he told The Drum.
“It also feels like an advert from the movie Idiocracy, so it will work for who the bags are aimed at: all of those wannabe celebs on TikTok and Instagram. To them, it will be relatable, an in-joke and therefore works!”
Susan Pratchett agrees with this sentiment. The president of Spring Studios, which counts Marni, Mulberry and Victoria Beckham as clients, believes that the strategy behind it is clever but feels it’s all too familiar and shaky territory for a brand already dealing with bad press.
“There’s a lot of fun that can be had by embracing dupe culture and the cult of celebrity – we’ve seen that with the recent ‘paparazzi’ style campaigns. But the execution itself doesn’t feel fresh or confident enough. On one level, the celebrity look-a-like angle has been done before and better – Kate Moss and her Aldi bag spring to mind,” she says.
“For a brand that has reputational issues already, this feels short-sighted. If the celebrities were in on the gag it could maintain credibility, but using their likeness without perpetuates the concern around IP and risks the brand coming off as self-serving.”
Marketing can change the world.

        © Carnyx Group Ltd 2025 | The Drum is a Registered Trademark and property of Carnyx Group Limited. All rights reserved.