Barbie + Billie & Finneas = awards + money.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Oscar night is known to have a pretty positive effect on many of the films nominated, and this years’ winners fared no differently. Not just the actors, directors, writers and producers, but also musicians such as Billie Eilish, who at 22 became the youngest ever two-time winner in the ceremony’s 96th year, and brother Finneas. The duo’s awards season success with the Barbie single “What Was I Made For?” continued even beyond their win and “whoa”-inspiring live performance, with the news that it enjoyed a last-minute Academy-fueled burst of singles purchases that equaled out to a wowzers 704% increase in sales.
That highly impressive percentage increase is based on the number of singles sold the previous week ahead of the Oscars, according to BIllboard, which was just under eight months after the song was first released back in July 2023, and it only incorporated the night of the Oscars, March 10, and the Monday after, March 11. Which is all to say, not exactly a time when buying the track would have been something tons of people would still be doing, so for things to jump up so noticeably is definitely a nod to Oscar-sourced buzz.
‘I Feel Like It’s One Of My Best Vocal Performances’: Billie Eilish Gets Real About The Struggles Of Making ‘What Was I Made For’ And How It All Worked Out
As far as the actual totals go, “What Was I Made For?” logged more than 5,300 digital song sales during that two-day stretch, so it’s not like it just went from 2 copies to 100 copies, or whatever numbers make that math work way more properly. It also produced 2.2 million on-demand U.S. streams during that same two-day window, which was a 27% increase from the prior week. So not as big of a percentage jump in the slightest, but a far larger total number to gawk at. But any way you gawk, it’s a crowning achievement for a Summer 2023 jam.
Relive the telecast performance below:
Another reason why Eilish and Phinneas’ tender ballad may have racked up big sales coming out of that weekend is that the pair performed for the March 9 episode of Saturday Night Live, in which Scarlett Johansson appeared as Katie Britt. It hadn’t yet won at that point, so it’s harder to gauge, but it couldn’t have hurt. 
Speaking of live acts and Barbie, Ryan Gosling’s Oscars stage performance of “I’m Just Ken” was a mightily impressive sight to behold, and on the opposite end of the spectrum from Billie Eilish’s traditionally subdued vibes. (Eilish seemed to love it, too, judging by her reactions.) While that track obviously didn’t end up winning for Best Song, it also enjoyed a big burst of sales thanks to its prominents across Oscar weekend, and nearly tripled the percentage increase of “What Was I Made For?”
While only 900 digital copies of "I'm Just Ken" were sold during that Sunday and Monday, it marked a 2,000% increase. And the song also enjoyed a 176% uptick in digital streams, totalling somewhere around 417,000.
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Barbie can be streamed now with a Max subscription, and fans can find Billie Eilish's music in one out of every five movies and TV shows being produced today. Which is hyperbole, but not by that much.
Nick is a Cajun Country native and an Assistant Managing Editor with a focus on TV and features. His humble origin story with CinemaBlend began all the way back in the pre-streaming era, circa 2009, as a freelancing DVD reviewer and TV recapper.  Nick leapfrogged over to the small screen to cover more and more television news and interviews, eventually taking over the section for the current era and covering topics like Yellowstone, The Walking Dead and horror. Born in Louisiana and currently living in Texas — Who Dat Nation over America’s Team all day, all night — Nick spent several years in the hospitality industry, and also worked as a 911 operator. If you ever happened to hear his music or read his comics/short stories, you have his sympathy.
Florence Pugh Recalls Taking Her Family To See Midsommar, And Her Grandfather’s Honest Reaction Has Me Laughing
Nicolas Cage Plays A Surfer In His New Thriller, But It Turns Out He Also Has Real-Life Surfing Horror Stories: 'I've Been Pounded To Smithereens' 
How To Watch The Walking Dead: Dead City Season 2 Online And Stream Return Of Zombie Drama Spin-Off

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.