Now 
54
 Sun 
72
 Mon 
72
by ALEXX ALTMAN-DEVILBISS | The National Desk
TOPICS:
LOS ANGELES (TND)  — Among the shiny dresses and finely pressed suits on the Oscars red carpet Sunday night were red pins calling for a cease-fire in Gaza.
A number of celebrities attending the awards show wore the red pin with a hand and black heart calling on the US government to facilitate a cease-fire in the Israel-Hamas war. 
Actor Mark Ruffalo, comedian Ramy Youssef and musicians Finneas O'Connell and Billie Eilish were among them.
The organization that designed the pins,Artists4Ceasefire, also wrote a letter to President Biden demanding a cease-fire, the release of hostages and the delivery of more humanitarian aid to the region.
The letter contains the signatures of more than 400 actors, musicians and filmmakers.
"More than 30,000 people have been killed over the last 5 months, and over 69,000 injured* – numbers that any person of conscience knows are catastrophic," the letter reads in part. "We believe all life is sacred, no matter faith or ethnicity and we condemn the killing of Palestinian and Israeli civilians."
A news release from Artists4Ceasefire states:“The pin symbolizes collective support for an immediate and permanent cease-fire, the release of all of the hostages and for the urgent delivery of humanitarian aid to civilians in Gaza.”
Youssef, who co-starred in "Poor Things" with Emma Stone and Mark Ruffalo voiced his frustration with the war during an interview with Variety.
"It’s a universal message of, ‘Let’s stop killing kids. Let’s not be part of more war.’ No one has ever looked back at war and thought a bombing campaign was a good idea," he said.
As stars arrived at the 96th Academy Awards protestors could be seen stopping traffic near the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles.
Ruffalo supported a cease-fire and protesters while speaking with reporters on the red carpet.
"The Palestinian protest shut down the Oscars tonight! Humanity wins!" he said.
Other prominent stars who signed the Artists4Ceasefire letter include Cate Blanchett, Ben Affleck, Jennifer Lopez, Bradley Cooper, America Ferrera and Rachel McAdams.