I did something last night that I have not done in a while - I watched the Oscars ceremony. I have a few things to say. The show didn't get my undivided attention but I had it on for the whole time it was televised. 
In the days leading up to the big night, the producers said that they were doing all they could to make sure the ceremony was not disrupted by protesters. I was curious if pro-Hamas protesters would appear and how the audience would react. It didn't happen inside the Dolby Theater but traffic was held up by demonstrators outside the theatre. Streets were closed and others were clogged up. The chant "From the river to the sea" was heard. 
Reuters reported hundreds of demonstrators.
Hundreds of pro-Palestinian demonstrators gathered at the perimeter of the Oscars ceremony venue, Chanting ‘while you're watching bombs are dropping’ as Hollywood's glitterati celebrated the 96th Academy Awards https://t.co/Z0qk7fFVcm pic.twitter.com/wZdV17edsT
Ceasefire pins were worn by Oscar guests. There is usually a pin worn during these ceremonies for the guests to show how much they care about a timely issue and a ceasefire was the topic this year. 
Ceasefire pins among Oscar guests and nominees were numerous on this afternoon’s red carpet with Poor Things actor Ramy Youssef and Barbie “What Was I Made For?” songwriting team Billie Eilish and Finneas O’Connell donning them.
Youssef told Deadline, “This is for Artists for Ceasefire” about the pin.“We have a growing list of so many artists who want a permanent immediate ceasefire in Gaza,” the actor added.
“To get really universal about it, it’s about stop killing kids,” he continued.
There is no shortage of clueless people in Hollyweird. Do they realize an immediate and permanent ceasefire would destroy Israel and kill the Jews? Or, is that ok with them? 
Jimmy Kimmel was the host. He was his usual misogynist self. He took a shot at Senator Katie Britt (R-AL) for her delivery of the Republican response to the State of the Union address. 
“Emma Stone is an Oscar nominee for a fifth time. Right? The fifth time,” said Kimmel. “This is, and she is — Emma, you are, you were so unbelievably great in Poor Things.”
He turned to the audience and cameras to explain.
“Emma played an adult woman with the brain of a child, like the lady who gave the rebuttal to the State of the Union on Thursday night,” he said. “And you were just amazing.”
The audience loved it. You'll notice that Kimmel didn't have the balls to say the senator's name. Like most bullies, he's a coward. 
The most offensive speech to Jews on social media was delivered by the director of "The Zone of Interest." Jonathan Glazer spoke on behalf of himself and his collaborators on stage with him as he refuted his Jewishness. The film won the Best International Feature category. 
“All our choices were made to reflect and confront us in the present — not to say, ‘Look what they did then,’ rather, ‘Look what we do now.’ Our film shows where dehumanization leads at its worst. It shaped all of our past and present.”
Glazer, who is Jewish, said that he rejected “Jewishness and the Holocaust being hijacked by an occupation, which has led to conflict for so many innocent people,” he said.
He continued: “Whether the victims of October the seventh in Israel or the ongoing attack on Gaza, all the victims of this dehumanization, how do we resist?”
The film is about "the domestic life of a Nazi commandant whose house is just outside the Auschwitz concentration camp." Social media lit up over the remarks.
I am pleased that Zone of Interest was won the best international film at the Oscars - but as a survivor of the Holocaust I am shocked the director would slap the memory of over 1 million Jews who died because they were Jews by announcing he refutes his Jewishness. Shame on you.
Writer/director Jonathan Glazer stood at the #Oscars and said, “We stand here as men who refute their Jewishness and the Holocaust being hijacked by an occupation which has led to conflict”There is a lot to debate in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, but let’s be clear -… pic.twitter.com/o0ksYjKTsi
The Holocaust being hijacked? Unbelievable. 
My only complaint is that Jonathan Glazer won anything because he is literally a shondeh, a disgrace to the Jewish people and a foul and factitious supporter of evil in the guise of a peace lover.
Naturally, a progressive MSNBC host came to the defense of the hideous words said by Glazer. 
Yes. Here's what he said "Right now, we stand here as men who refute their Jewishness and the Holocaust being hijacked by an occupation which has led to conflict for so many innocent people."He's saying he refutes his Jewishness being hijacked.
Jew hatred is disgusting. It is even more disgusting coming from other Jews. 
Jewish history has plenty of kapos and villains, and I’m reminded this evening how deep the cut is when it’s family doing the stabbing. I’m angered by the culprit but I also pity him. He has failed to learn what my grandmother taught me; there are no first class tickets on the…
Toward the end of the show, a smack to Donald Trump happened when Kimmel read a Truth Social post by Trump about Kimmel's performance as host. We almost went the whole evening without a Trump joke or reference. It was too good to be true. Thin-skinned Kimmel didn't like the criticism.
Jimmy Kimmel wraps up the Oscar evening by (selectively) reading a Trump Truth Social post panning his performance. "Get rid of Kimmel and replace him" with "George Slopanopoulos.""Thank you for watching...Isn't it past your jail time?" [Raucous Hollywood applause] pic.twitter.com/BEbDQfscxK
Jail time. That's hilarious, Jimmy. Trump was right and that probably hurts him the most. Kimmel is not a good host. He isn't funny. Shouldn't he have been canceled over his days as host of The Man Show or his appearances in blackface? He's allowed to escape any consequences. 
I have not seen any of the movies that were up for Best Movie. I have streamed "Nyad" and it was good. Annette Bening was nominated as Best Actress for her role as Diane Nyad. She didn't win. 
As I mentioned, the show didn't get my full attention but it still inserts politics into the ceremony, which is why so many Americans no longer tune in. Viewers just want to see their favorite stars. They should just say thank you for an award and tell everyone how grateful they are to live such privileged lives. Then get off the stage. 

                        Copyright ©2025 HotAir.com/Salem Media. All Rights Reserved.