Justin Bieber broke down in tears four years ago as he recalled his disturbing "encounters" in the music industry.
The 30-year-old, who is yet to speak out about his former mentor P Diddy's arrest and subsequent incarceration following sex trafficking charges against the rapper, shot to fame as a teenager.
However, despite becoming an overnight success and amassing millions of adoring fans around the world, Justin said the reality was quite different as he gave advice to a then 18-year-old, Billie Eilish, who was just breaking into the music industry.
In an interview in 2020 with Zane Lowe for Apple Music, the Baby star was in tears talking about his experiences as a 15-year-old pop star, saying he wanted to protect Billie as she started out on her journey.
With his head bowed and his voice breaking, he said: "It was hard for me being the music industry and being that young and not knowing where to turn and everyone, you know, telling me they loved me, and, you know, just turn your back on you in a second."
He continued: "If she [Billie] ever needs me I'm going to be here for her... but, yeah, just protecting those moments because people take for granted... encounters...and...I just want to protect her. I don't want her to go through anything I went through. I don't wish that upon anybody." The interview is an uncomfortable watch, with seasoned interviewer, Zane, looking visibly upset as he listens to Justin's recollection of troubling events.
A source close to the singer, who recently welcomed son Jack Blues into the world with wife Hailey, told People the new dad has been "in a happy bubble" since Jack was born and "just wants to focus on being a great dad and husband."
Justin 27-year-old model Hailey are proud parents to son Jack Blues Bieber and after announcing his birth on Saturday (24.06.24), insiders have explained that Justin was "over the moon" to become a dad and that he and his wife are "overjoyed" with the arrival.
A source told People: "They're doing well. They're both overjoyed. The baby is such a miracle. He's adorable and doing well! Hailey's doing well, too. The pregnancy was something that they very much wished and prayed for."
"The day they found out that Hailey was pregnant was the best ever for Justin. He was over the moon with excitement. It was a big celebration for them. Justin's already a great dad."
The 'Baby' hitmaker confirmed the news that he had become a dad with a snap of the newborn's foot held by new mum Hailey. He captioned the picture: "WELCOME HOME. JACK BLUES BIEBER." The Rhode Skin founder and the Sorr' singer announced in early May that they were expecting a child and revealed Hailey was six months along at the time, making her due date sometime in early August.
Hailey didn't announce their big news until she was six months pregnant as she was able to hide her small bump using "big jackets". She told W magazine: "I was honestly able to keep it quiet because I stayed small for a long time. I didn't have a belly, really, until I was six months pregnant, which was when I announced it. I was able to wear big jackets and stuff."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.