The chart race had a tight finish, with Benson Boone's "Beautiful Things" falling 1,700 chart units short.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Beyoncé’s “Texas Hold ‘Em” (via Columbia/Parkwood Ent) is still the one to beat in the U.K., where it clocks a fourth consecutive week at No. 1. 

	That’s a personal best streak for Bey, improving on the three-week peaks of 2003’s “Crazy In Love” with Jay-Z and 2007’s “Beautiful Liar” with Shakira. It also bests the two No. 1 singles she earned as a member of Destiny’s Child — 2000’s “Independent Women” and 2001’s “Survivor,” which both logged one week at the top. 

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					4batz		
					






















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					






















	
		
					beyonce		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The leader at the midweek point, “Texas Hold ‘Em” is Bey’s sixth U.K. leader, and is housed by her forthcoming LP Cowboy Carter, due out March 29.




			Trending on Billboard		






	The chart race had a tight finish, with Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” (Warner Records) finishing in second place, falling 1,700 chart units short.  

	Meanwhile, Ariana Grande completes the podium as Eternal Sunshine cut “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love)” (via Republic Records), new at No. 3 for the week’s top debut. It’s Grande’s 22nd U.K. top 10 appearance. 

	With Eternal Sunshine debuting at No. 1 on the Official U.K. Albums Chart, Grande lands a maximum three songs from it on the national singles survey, published Friday, March 15. Lead single “Yes, And?” lifts 11-6 while “Bye” bows at No. 13. 

	After claiming the Academy Award for best original song, and performing the song on the night, Billie Eilish former leader “What Was I Made For?” (Interscope) re-enters the top 40 at No. 16. 

	Up-and-coming U.S. R&B singer-songwriter 4batz makes his Official U.K. Chart debut with “act ii – date @ 8” (via 4batz OVO Sound) featuring Drake, new at No. 18, while California artist Dasha makes her U.K. top 40 debut country track “Austin,” up 57-25. 

	Also cracking the top 40 for the first time is Colorado indie-folk act Richy Mitch & the Coal Miners with “Evergreen” (via Richy Mitch & the Coal Miners) up 41-37.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.