Watch CBS News

Updated on:  January 8, 2024 / 2:23 PM PST
          / Essentials
        

            We may receive commissions from some links to products on this page. Promotions are subject to availability and retailer terms.
          
The 2024 awards season is on, with last night's 81st Golden Globe Awards kicking things off. This year's Golden Globes were filled with hilarious moments (thank you Keri Russell and Ray Romano), fashion risks on display thanks to Billie Eilish and Natasha Lyonne, hot couples like Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet sizzling all night, and seriously heartfelt acceptance speeches courtesy of "The Bear" star Jeremy Allen White.
But what everyone is talking about today is Golden Globes host Jo Koy. If you missed the show, you're probably suffering from a major cause of award show FOMO today, leaving you out of the loop on all those Jo Koy-related chats going on. Don't worry, you can stream the 81st Golden Globe Awards and find out what everyone is talking about.
Keep reading to find out how to stream the 2024 Golden Globes -- and you can decide if Koy's Taylor Swift joke was worthy of the Swift stare-down.
Note: CBS Essentials and Paramount+ are both subsidiaries of Paramount.
While the 2024 Golden Globe Awards aired live on CBS on Sunday, Jan. 7, 2024, you can stream the 2024 Golden Globes on demand on Paramount+ now, even if you don't have a cable subscription.
All tiers of the Paramount+ subscription service (Paramount+ Essential and Paramount+ with Showtime) offer the ability to stream the 2024 Golden Globes on demand. In addition, all Paramount+ subscribers get access to NFL games aired on CBS (including the 2024 Super Bowl), top-tier soccer like the Champions League live, plus popular CBS shows such as "Survivor" and "NCIS."
The ad-supported Paramount+ Essential tier costs $5.99 per month; a seven-day free trial is available. The ad-free (live content excepted) Paramount+ with Showtime includes all the benefits of Paramount+ Essential, with added access to Showtime shows such as "Billions" and "Yellowjackets," plus access to livestream your local CBS affiliate. Paramount+ with Showtime costs $11.99 per month.
With steep competition between "Barbie" and "Oppenheimer" for all the major film category awards, the 81st Golden Globe Awards were filled with surprise winners, historic award winners and plenty of first-timers taking the stage to claim their prize. Ali Wong's surprise thank you to her ex-husband was as much a surprise as her film "Beef" cleaning up with one win after the next.
The Golden Globes were filled with so many heartfelt award speeches, not to mention hilarious ones, too. We won't spoil the fun of revealing all the winners before you've had a chance to stream the show yourself. That said, if you don't mind being spoiled, CBS News has the full list of Golden Globe 2024 winners.

          These gifts from Stanley, Apple, AllTrails and more won't bust your budget.
        

          From top-rated smart mugs to cold brew starter kits, we've rounded up the coffee lover presents to gift this Christmas.
        

          Discover if it's worth upgrading to the new Apple iPhone 16 Pro Max or if you should stick with your current iPhone
        

          Just in time for the holiday season, Nintendo has released Nintendo Switch bundles and special editions.
        

          For that authentic grilling experience, you can't beat a charcoal grill. We've rounded up the best grill options.
        

          Discover the best tech gifts during the 2024 holiday season that your friends and loved ones will absolutely adore.
        

          What will likely be the hottest gift for gamers this holiday season -- the PS5 Pro -- is now available for preorder
        

          The new iPhone 16 Pro is Apple's mid-priced and mid-powered phone, but is it worth it? Here's our hands-on review.
        

          Discover everything you need to know about the new lineup of Apple iPhone 16 smartphones.
        
©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.