By Natalie Oganesyan 
Weekend Editor

Alec Baldwin and Michael Keaton were among the Hollywood vets who are issuing 11th hour bids encouraging people to cast their vote in the ballot box.

	“I think nearly all of us know what’s at stake,” Baldwin began in a front-facing video appeal posted to Instagram. “People say, ‘Oh, the future of the country is at stake,’ and that might be true, but what’s at stake is the next four years, and in terms of certain problems we have with — yes, the border and yes, what our military is gonna be asked to do and what we’re gonna pay for that, but the environment is the most important thing to me right now ’cause you can’t undo it.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					'Saturday Night Live' Opens With Donald Trump Signing Executive Orders, Including The "Belichick Law": "Old Men Can Now Date Far Younger Women"		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Warren Buffett Announces He's Stepping Down As Berkshire Hathaway CEO		
			







	Baldwin’s plea, in support of VP and presidential candidate Kamala Harris, focused largely on climate protection. The actor cited the sea levels rising, air pollution and proliferation of plastics as major issues, name-dropping Tesla CEO Elon Musk: “Maybe the Musks of the world could turn their attention toward solving those problems on a grand scale, that would be great,” he said.




			Watch on Deadline		






	The Saturday Night Live alum, who formerly portrayed GOP candidate Donald Trump, mentioned other important policy issues like affordability of rent, food and gas, as well as global conflicts in Ukraine and Russia, as well as Israel and Gaza, the humanitarian crisis of which he called “inconceivable.”

	“Although [Harris] might not dot every I and cross every T in terms of environmental protection, they’re far better than their opponent,” he said. “One candidate wants to put the military on the streets to quash rebellion and quash free speech. The other candidate would be a history-making statement — not that we vote for somebody for that reason alone — about how progressive this country really is.”

	He concluded his message with a resounding statement: “I think everybody knows what to do. Vote.”

	Meanwhile, Keaton posted an image of his recent appearance on SNL alongside musical guest Billie Eilish, captioning the picture: “this young woman is great!!! trumps project 2025 – no safety from school(or any other) shooting where you guys and your little bros and sisters go to school. immediately repeal all ENVIRONMENTAL safeguards!! i TRULY believe all of you young voters can save us. please vote and stop this demented 80 year old from being your prez!!”

	










	In numerous videos posted online, film icon Robert De Niro unexpectedly popped up at a tailgate for the Philadelphia Eagles ahead of the team’s matchup against the Jacksonville Jaguars. Alongside former Secretary of State John Kerry, reports said De Niro was advocating for people to get out the vote.

	“Protect reproductive rights,” the Oscar winner and vocal Trump hater said in a excerpt of a speech captured online. “Let me be clear, women making their own healthcare decisions.”

	In an Instagram post over the weekend, actress Chloë Grace Moretz announced she voted early for Harris. In the impassioned caption, she wrote about feeling the election’s personal stakes “as a gay woman.” 

	“There is so much on the line this election,” Moretz said. “I believe the government has no right over my body as a woman, and that the decisions over my body should come ONLY from myself and my doctor. Kamala Harris will protect that for us. I believe in the need for legal protections that protects the LGBTQ+ community as a gay woman. We need protections in this country and to have access to the care we need and deserve. SO… Are you voting early? Let’s get a plan together to get to your polling place with your friends! Go to IWillVote.com to figure out the best plan for you.”

	Queen Latifah also vocalized her support for the Harris-Tim Walz ticket, tying the Democratic duo’s plan for small businesses and early career entrepreneurs to her own backstory as founder of Flavor Unit Entertainment at 19. 

	“We’re days away, y’all! We have the power and opportunity to elect a leader that cares enough about the everyday lives of all Americans,” the rapper and actress shared on X. “Someone who considers EVERYONE and passionately works to create better pathways forward. Kamala Harris’ plan to create more space and opportunity for entrepreneurs is but one example of the type of leadership we need in order to turn the page.”

	The multi-hyphenate continued in the caption alongside a video appeal, “When she’s elected President of The United States on Tuesday, it will be the start of a brand new day for our country. She represents everything that it means to be an American. …AND WE ARE NOT GOING BACK! Tag an entrepreneur in the chat that needs to see this, and make sure you get out and VOTE! #HarrisWalz2024 #KamalaHarris #TimWalz #Vote2024.”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.