Esther Magedera provides an all-inclusive guide on how to dress to impress abroad whilst avoiding those pesky baggage charges
by Esther Magedera
  	Thursday September 5 2024, 3:36pm  	
Fleeing the British weather seems to be one of Cambridge’s most popular hobbies. Honestly, who can blame us? With Ryanair and EasyJet offering flights to Italy cheaper than a train ticket to Scotland, it’s a no-brainer. So, my friends and I decided it would be more economical (not to mention more enjoyable) to swap dreary skies for the 'Coast of the Gods' in Italy – where our biggest concern would be choosing between Berlioz and Aperol Spritz for our daily dose of culture.
It almost felt too easy. Our only complication was avoiding the extra luggage charge. Paying for extra baggage? That wouldn’t be very BRAT summer of us. So, in the spirit of keeping it cheap, I have concocted the ultimate list of beach holiday essentials that can fit snugly into a carry-on, so you can live your best life without needing a second mortgage.
First things first: The Bag
“Your carry-on should double as a beach bag, shopping tote, and maybe even a picnic basket”
Correctly choosing which bag you bring is crucial. With strict luggage limits, everything has to multi-task. Your carry-on should double as a beach bag, shopping tote, and maybe even a picnic basket. I’d suggest a big woven tote bag, or a bold red leather bag, to add a pop of colour to your outfits as you travel.
Clothes: Packing smart
Clothes might seem secondary to bikinis when going on a beach holiday, but choosing the right pieces is more challenging than it seems. The goal? Elevating your beach look without overheating or over-packing. Start by focusing on lightweight, compact pieces. Anything linen is your best friend here.
Pack a mix of dresses – both long and short – to throw over a bikini when transitioning from beach bum to café connoisseur. Your secret weapon? Easy-to-wear dresses. No fussing over matching tops and bottoms, just throw it on, accessorise and voila!
Be realistic: Will I actually wear this?
“Take photos of all your planned outfits, and create a separate album on your phone”
We’ve all been there – staring at a suitcase of clothes, yet wearing the same two outfits on repeat. To avoid this classic holiday pitfall, take photos of all your planned outfits, and create a separate album on your phone. If you’re ever stuck for ideas, you can scroll through your looks and get inspired.
Must-have pieces:
You will want a long flowing skirt. This versatile piece is a lifesaver. It’s elegant, keeps you cool and doubles as a dress when you’re feeling bloated or just need a quick outfit change. Long, linen dresses are also easy to slip on and are effortlessly chic, whilst a light, white blazer is perfect for throwing over a bikini for sun protecting whilst also acting as a means of upgrading your look.
Shoes: The ultimate challenge
If I had it my way, I would have an extra suitcase just for shoes. But alas, budget airlines demand that we make tough choices. Here’s my advice: think Converse or another comfy shoe. They’re perfect for exploring new places and easy to walk in. Flip flops are also an absolute must. They’re perfect for the beach and take up virtually no space in your luggage.
However, platform shoes are the most essential choice for a longer trip. They can be dressed both up and down; a good pair of platforms can take you from the beach to an evening meal with ease. I opted for a baby blue pair, to add colour to my outfits. (Pro tip: match your nail varnish to your shoes for a coordinated look).
Accessories: The cherry on top
Onto my favourite part of packing: the accessories. They’re small and are sure to complete any outfit. Think maximalist here – big rings, even bigger bangles, hair clips and statement earrings.
READ MORE
Is all-white the 'classiest' summer trend?
Go bold with coloured lenses and finish the look with a chic head wrap. Choose sunglasses that compliment your accessories in both colour and style. Bring a bandana and a cap – inspired by queen Billie Eilish – and a mini bag with a matching wooden fan. The bag should be just big enough for your phone, money, keys and a deck of cards. You should also consider a waist chain and matching earrings – subtle and stylish.
With these essential beach items, your week-long holiday will be a breeze – no dragging around suitcases and certainly no excuse not to go from beach, to café and, finally, to a toast to the fact that you’ve successfully outrun the British weather.
Support Varsity
Varsity is the independent newspaper for the University of Cambridge, established in its current form in 1947. In order to maintain our editorial independence, our print newspaper and news website receives no funding from the University of Cambridge or its constituent Colleges.
We are therefore almost entirely reliant on advertising for funding and we expect to have a tough few months and years ahead.
In spite of this situation, we are going to look at inventive ways to look at serving our readership with digital content and of course in print too!
Therefore we are asking our readers, if they wish, to make a donation from as little as £1, to help with our running costs. Many thanks, we hope you can help!
Sponsored Links
Partner Links
First published in 1947, Varsity is the independent student newspaper for the University of Cambridge.
All content © 1996-2025 Varsity Publications Ltd.