"It’s just a great pop song, it’s hooky and it’s catchy, it’s an earworm”
Girl In Red has performed an electric guitar-fuelled live version of Billie Eilish’s ‘Lunch’ – check out the video below.
The Norwegian artist was appearing on Triple J’s Like a Version series and chose the provocative lead single from ‘Hit Me Hard and Soft’.
Watch the raucous performance below:
Speaking about why she chose the song, Girl In Red – aka Marie Ulven – explained: ““I chose this cover because I was listening to Billie’s new album when this opportunity came into my inbox, and it was gay, it was sexy, it was hot, it was fun, so I was like, ‘Okay, how can I make this into my own version?’”
“I think for me, what drew me to the song is it’s just very different from her other songs, and I thought it was cool of her to be a little bit more, I dunno, naughty and a little bit more sexual, I guess,” she added.
“I’ve been a fan of Billie for years so just seeing how her artistry is changing and she’s growing, but also I just think it’s a vibe. It’s just a great pop song, it’s hooky and it’s catchy, it’s an earworm.”
Ulven first told NME about her love of Eilish in 2021 when she revealed that the ‘Bad Guy’ singer was a fan of Girl In Red’s ‘Serotonin’, which was produced by Eilish’s brother Finneas.  “Billie said that the lyrics were bonkers, and that’s insane. I’m so stoked,” Ulven told us.
At that time, Ulven said she felt her chances of ever collaborating with Eilish were far-fetched, but a year later, Eilish surprised her by presenting her with a Spellemann Award, often referred to as a Norwegian Grammy, at Coachella 2022.
“What the fuck?!” said a shocked Girl In Red. “What the actual fuck?! That’s a Norwegian Grammy, y’know.” Eilish responded: “I am aware. You have won the Spellemann… Album Of The Year!”
The pair then hugged as Eilish congratulated Ulven on her victory. “This is so weird!” Girl In Red said, adding: “Dude! I did not expect this.”
Girl In Red’s second full-length album ‘I’m Doing It Again Baby!’ was released earlier this year. In a three-star review, NME said: “There’s not much to chew on for the majority of the record, as Girl In Red plays it safe – especially in comparison to contemporaries such as Chapelle Roan or Sir Chloe – the majority of the record sees her sitting safely within the parameters of her previous sound. There’s some flicker of musical expansion, but no commitment.”
“‘I’m Doing It Again Baby!’ is a fine album; it’s fun and sweet, if a little bland. It’s a pristine pop record that takes few risks and leaves little room for error – though it might be more interesting if it did.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.