More than once on Thursday night, Billie Eilish and the coarse-voiced fans who filled a sold-out Climate Pledge Arena night got a little cozy.
A run of Eilish’s trademark creepy-crawly bangers and the disorienting barrage of lights that accompanied them subsided after Eilish jubilantly stormed through her breakout smash, “Bad Guy.” Eilish, the former teenage pop disrupter with a traditionalist side, was back in ballad mode. With her childhood friends and backing vocalists Jane and Ava Horner setting up beside her for a living-room-style performance of “Your Power,” a guitar-clutching Eilish fondly reminisced about childhood trips to Seattle to see family.
“I feel grateful every night that I get to do this show,” the Los Angeles-reared singer began. “And Seattle is a place that I used to come when I was a kid because my uncle lived here — lives here."
It just so happens that Eilish’s local uncle is former Washington congressman Brian Baird, who served throughout the 2000s.
"So, I just love it here and I always have," Eilish continued. "I remember when I was a kid, I used to be like, ‘One day, I’m going to move to Seattle or Portland or somewhere.’ So yeah, anyway, it’s cool to be back again. Every time I come and play a show here, I’m just reminded of being a kid and just being here, and it’s just special.”
Warm Washington fuzzies and Eilish trivia aside, that uber-intimate rendition of “Your Power” — tucked into a stretch of heart-stopping ballads — highlighted the artist's greatest strength as her Hit Me Hard and Soft: The Tour pulled into Seattle on Thursday for two sold-out shows at Climate Pledge Arena.
In recent years, Eilish and some of the other young women ruling the pop world have reshaped the template for their generation. With the baggy-tee fashion sense of a Y2K rapper and dark-side pop songs equally appealing to goth kids and student council presidents, Eilish bore little resemblance to the prepackaged, hypersexualized young pop stars major labels have typically presented. But as the mainstream has gotten familiar with Eilish’s hypnotically industrial murmurs, the edges don’t feel quite as sharp as they did five years ago.
That portion of the almost-23-year-old singer-songwriter’s catalog didn’t cut as deep as her more conventional soft side on Thursday, as she worked through a career-spanning set list that drew heavily from this year’s “Hit Me Hard and Soft” LP.
To be clear, those spookycore ragers like “The Diner” — her eeriest new bop, written from the perspective of one of her stalkers — contained light-flickering 10,000-watt power, especially whenever Eilish’s stan-army choir roared. Yet somewhat paradoxically, it was her textbook ballads that felt the most daring on Thursday, when the safety net of whirring electronics, throbbing bass lines and the adrenaline of 18,000 or so fans was pulled out from under her.
Eilish and her brother/songwriting partner, Finneas, who’s sitting this tour out while gearing up for a solo jaunt next month, have proved themselves brilliant architects of Grammy-baiting ballads. Songs like “What Was I Made For?” from the “Barbie” movie soundtrack deserve to have blockbuster films made around them just for the sake of making them more epic, instead of the other way around.
Sitting on the edge of her gargantuan in-the-round stage, Eilish’s falsetto swooped and sliced with delicate, soul-pricking precision on that Barbie piano ballad, which came near the end of her tidy 100-minute set, capped by her current straight-laced hit, “Birds of a Feather.”
Even with a ballad-heavy repertoire, there’s not a lot of silence at a Billie Eilish concert, with the crowd frequently erupting like the flames that shot up from the edges of the two orchestra pits where the band resided.
But in the show’s signature moment, Eilish called for quiet as she sat cross-legged, eyes closed in the middle of the stage, looping her hymnal-esque coos that start “When the Party’s Over” alone under a spotlight. The hushed crowd obliged, dutifully holding its tongue (if not its breath) for a few moments that made the swanky hockey arena feel like a grand candlelit cathedral.
For all of Eilish’s accomplishments along her mold-busting rise, her ability to retain the bedroom-floor intimacy — a key connection point with her intergenerational audience — on such a large scale might be her most impressive.

            Journalists at the Yakima Herald-Republic bring you timely, in-depth and credible local news.
            Your generous donation supports their work.
        
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
Please select all the ways you would like to hear from us:
You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. For information about our privacy practices, please visit our website.
We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By clicking below to subscribe, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
The Yakima Herald-Republic is hiring.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:

                    Sign up to receive news and updates from this site directly to your desktop.
                

                    Click on the bell icon to manage your notifications at any time.
                
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.