On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie tells Keith about her first return to the desert in 14 years for a surprise-heavy weekend.

	While the headliners of Coachella 2024 are Lana Del Rey, Tyler, the Creator and Doja Cat, a pack of fellow A-listers also showed up on stages across the Empire Polo Ground over weekend one, with surprise performances from Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, Justin Bieber, Shakira, A$AP Rocky, Lauryn Hill, 21 Savage, David Guetta, Childish Gambino and even Will Smith.

	On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie tells Keith all about her return to the desert festival for her first time in 14 years and what it was like to see so many unannounced guests pop up throughout the weekend.

	










	Listen to the full show below:




			Trending on Billboard		






	Also on the show, we’ve got chart news on how Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter is her first multi-week No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart in over a decade, how Hozier’s “Too Sweet” jumps to No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 songs chart (could it become his first No. 1?), and how Future, Metro Boomin and Kendrick Lamar’s “Like That” is the first song to spend three weeks in a row at No. 1 on the Hot 100 in more than nine months.

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.