By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:20, 12 March 2024   |  Updated:  00:32, 12 March 2024   
 4
View  comments
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse star Shameik Moore admitted he was 'definitely a sore loser' after venting on X/Twitter Sunday following the movie's loss at the Oscars.
The motion picture, which was a box office hit after it arrived in theaters last June, had been nominated in the category of Best Animated Feature Film, but lost to The Boy and the Heron from Hayao Miyazaki at Sunday's event from Los Angeles.
After the award was announced, the 28-year-old actor-musician complained that his film was 'robbed' of an award it should have received.
About a half-hour later, the Atlanta-born entertainer, who provided the voice of Miles Morales/Spider-Man in the animated film, recanted his initial statement and admitted he could have taken the disappointing news better.
'Respect to the winners,' Moore said. 'It’s true, I’m definitely a sore loser, but we didn’t lose, Spiderverse has impacted ALOT of lives, we may not have been acknowledged tonight but life goes on, and BEYOND….. yea get ready.'
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse star Shameik Moore, 28, admitted he was 'definitely a sore loser' after venting on X/Twitter Sunday following the movie's loss at the 2024 Oscars. The actor was pictured Sunday evening at the Vanity Fair Oscars party
The Atlanta-born entertainer provided the voice of Miles Morales/Spider-Man in the animated film, which arrived in theaters last June
He added an emoji of a face with steam coming out of its nose as a symbol of anger/frustration.
Moore expressed further humility in reaction to a tweet that quoted Christopher Miller, a co-writer and producer on the film, about the loss. 
It read: 'Well, if you’re gonna lose, might as well lose to the GOAT,' pointing to Miyazaki, the Japanese animation icon who previously won an Academy Award for the 2001 film Spirited Away in the Best Animated Film category.
The animation staple in 2014 was also awarded with the Academy’s Honorary Award at its Governors Awards. 
Miyazaki, 83, did not attend Sunday's event held at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles.
The victory came after Miyazaki took home the honors for animated film at the Golden Globes and BAFTAs this past award season.
Moore said in response, 'Your right, honestly the whole Spiderverse team are such good sports.
'Very professional and I’m excited to see what comes of this. I’m young, and a fighter, so forgive my nature. Congrats to the winners.'
Best Picture: Oppenheimer
Best Actress: Emma Stone - Poor Things
Best Actor: Cillian Murphy - Oppenheimer
Best Director: Christopher Nolan - Oppenheimer
Supporting Actress: Da'Vine Joy Randolph - The Holdovers
Supporting Actor: Robert Downey Jr. - Oppenheimer
Original Song: Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell - What Was I Made For? from Barbie
Seen left to right: Actor In A Supporting Role - Robert Downey Jr. (Oppenheimer), Actress In A Supporting Role - Da'Vine Joy Randolph (The Holdovers ), Actress In A Leading Role - Emma Stone (Poor Things), and Actor In A Leading Role - Cillian Murphy (Oppenheimer)
Original Score - Ludwig Göransson - Oppenheimer
Cinematography: Hoyte van Hoytema - Oppenheimer
Achievement in Film Editing: Jennifer Lame - Oppenheimer
Production Design: James Price and Shona Heath; Set Decoration: Zsuzsa Mihale - Poor Things
Make-up and Hairstyling: Nadia Stacey, Mark Coulier and Josh Weston - Poor Things
Achievement in Costume Design: Holly Waddington - Poor Things
Original Screenplay: Justine Triet and Arthur Harari - Anatomy Of A Fall
Adapted Screenplay: Cord Jefferson - American Fiction
International Feature Film - The Zone of Interest from United Kingdom
After the Best Animated Feature Film went to The Boy and the Heron, Moore complained that his film was 'robbed' of an award it should have received 
About a half-hour later, the Atlanta-born entertainer recanted his initial statement and admitted he could have taken the disappointing news better 
Moore expressed further humility in reaction to a tweet that quoted Christopher Miller, a co-writer and producer on the film, about the loss.
He admitted he was very competitive and sent his congratulations to the winners 
While it didn't capture any Oscar gold, Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse did strike box office gold last summer, raking in $690,615,475 in worldwide revenues, according to Box Office Mojo. 
The motion picture took in $381,311,319 in domestic revenues and $309,304,156 internationally.
Moore headlined the cast of the movie, which also featured Hailee Steinfeld, Brian Tyree Henry, Jake Johnson, Luna Lauren Velez, Oscar Isaac, Issa Rae and Daniel Kaluuya.
The next film in the series, titled Spider-Man: Beyond the Spider-Verse, is in the works.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group