It’s finally here! After a more than two-year wait, we can finally catch up with Joel and Ellie in the post-apocalyptic world depicted in The Last of Us. Season 2 is one of the most anticipated debuts this year from one of the best shows on Max. While you’ll inevitably be watching, there are plenty of other great shows on Max to enjoy.
Along with the final season of The Righteous Gemstones, there’s the hot new medical drama The Pitt and the multi-Emmy-winning show Hacks, which is back for another season as well. If you have been waiting to binge the entire third season of The White Lotus, it ends this month. Just be careful to avoid spoilers! Looking for a throwback? Dive back into some old favorites like The Sopranos or Game of Thrones. Max is one of the best streaming services around, with tons of great content.
Need more recommendations? Then check out the best new shows to stream this week, as well as the best shows on Netflix, best shows on Hulu, best shows on Amazon Prime Video, and the best shows on Disney+.
Considered the largest TV production ever in Canada (it was filmed in Alberta) and the first from HBO to be based on a video game, The Last of Us boasts an impressive supporting cast. This includes Gabriel Luna (Marvel’s Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.) as Tommy, Joel’s younger brother and a hopeful former soldier, and Merle Dandridge as Marlene, head of a resistance movement, reprising her role from the video games. Guest stars in season one included Murray Bartlett (The White Lotus) and Nick Offerman (Parks and Recreation) as survivalists, and Melanie Lynskey (Yellowjackets) as the leader of a revolutionary movement. In season 2, Kaitlyn Dever (Apple Cider Vinegar), Catherine O’Hara (Schitt’s Creek), and Jeffrey Wright (Westworld) are among the new cast as people who Joel and Ellie meet along the way.
					
HBO Max’s Hacks has discovered a winning formula that has literally earned it numerous awards and accolades. Jean Smart plays Deborah Vance, an aging comedian whose material just isn’t hitting anymore despite her obvious talent. At the same time, TV writer Ava Daniels (Hannah Einbinder) is in danger of losing everything she built over some poorly chosen social media posts.
However, Ava’s gift for comedy may be just what Deborah needs to reinvigorate her act. And while there is definitely a friendship of sorts between Deborah and Ava, the show’s funniest moments come when they are at odds with each other.
John Goodman heads up the ensemble cast in this Danny McBride-created black comedy crime series about a family of televangelists and megachurch pastors. They speak the word of the Lord, but their padded pocketbooks suggest they really speak the word of capitalism. The family’s opulent lifestyle also indicates that donations from parishioners are being used for more than just giving back.
Goodman is Eli Gemstone in The Righteous Gemstones, a widow who heads up the church/company, and his three children — Jesse (McBride), Judy (Edi Patterson), and Kelvin (Adam DeVine) — are involved in varying ways. But their immaturity and spoiled nature mean they’re not up to the task of actually running things. Called “uproariously funny,” reviews for The Righteous Gemstones have improved each season. Season 4 will be its last.
Nathan Fielder heads up this docu-comedy series that is seeing its second season almost three years after the first. He plays a fictional character in The Rehearsal who is helping others practice difficult conversations they’re about to have or life events that are about to take part in. He uses elaborate sets and hired actors to provide a full recreation for participants, who might be revealing a big lie or considering having children.
Every episode is unique and fun as Fielder uses his comedic genius to help these individuals prepare for every imaginable thing that can go wrong. The Rehearsal is unlike anything on television and an interesting social experiment on human nature.
This British nature documentary is the perfect watch when you want something light and calming. Narrated by Sir David Attenborough, he walks you through the beauties of nature in different locations around the world. The third installment of Planet Earth, called Planet Earth III, was filmed in 43 countries and six continents over a period of five years, bringing a breadth of content to mesmerize and tantalize the senses. Some content was filmed remotely due to production taking place during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Planet Earth III is educational, too, so enjoy this with the entire family, especially animal lovers. The series uses new technology and filming techniques that were developed specifically for the series, including an onboard view from a southern right whale and drones for filming in Vietnam’s Hang Son Doong Cave.
It’s probably a good thing that the chain of White Lotus luxury resorts isn’t real. Because the vacations go completely off the rails, even before the dead bodies start showing up. The guests are made up of the wealthy, elite, and entitled, each set with their own eccentricities and secrets.
Initially planned as a single season, The White Lotus is already in its third with a fourth confirmed. Each one is set in a different location and follows an odd assortment of guests and the beleaguered hotel staff who labor to keep them happy. It works well as a comedy and a drama. While every season has a new cast of guests and staff in a completely different cultural setting, you’ll relish comparing one to the next. The latest third season features a star-studded cast, including everyone from Parker Posey to Walton Goggins.
Combine Grey’s Anatomy with 24, and you have The Pitt. The medical drama is structured like an episode of 24, with every hour-long episode representing a real-time hour within the emergency department of a trauma hospital. At the center of the madness and sometimes somber calm is Dr. Michael “Robby” Rabinavitch (Noah Wyle), the senior attending doctor who manages his demanding job while internally dealing with the trauma of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Wyle knows the genre well, having previously starred in ER, and he brings that expertise to the role. The series also follows a group of medical residents just learning of the pressures and demands of the job, along with the heartache that comes with it. The Pitt has secured a 93% Rotten Tomatoes rating, suggesting this may be your next new medical drama guilty pleasure.
The recipient of more than two dozen Primetime Emmy Awards, Last Week Tonight with John Oliver might not be everyone’s cup of tea, but as far as satirical news/late night shows go, Oliver really has the market cornered. It’s all for good reason: he’s hilariously engaging, bitingly honest, and never shies away from any topic or stance, no matter how controversial.
Renewed through 2026, Last Week Tonight With John Oliver sparks debate and conversation, presenting the American news in a way that both educates and lightens the mood. Oliver’s sharp tongue, passion for the topics he talks about, and perspective as a British outsider help bring some of his points home.
We can’t get enough of DC Comics and the various movies and TV show interpretations. One of the latest is Creature Commandos, an adult animated superhero series that focuses on Amanda Waller’s elite black ops team of monsters. The series takes place after the events in The Suicide Squad and Peacemaker season 1. It’s written by James Gunn, who directed all three Guardians of the Galaxy movies along with The Suicide Squad, so you can expect fantastic storytelling, visuals, and performances.
Our reviewer loves the blend of heart, comedy, and “ruthless action,” praising Gunn’s obvious genuine love for comic books and superheroes that shines through in every episode. “It’s a series that is ultimately propelled along by a real, infectious love for its characters,” he adds. You’ll hear some familiar voices, including Zoë Chao, David Harbour, Maria Bakalova, Viola Davis, Stephanie Beatriz, and Michael Rooker.
Unlike many previous incarnations, this version of Harley Quinn (Based on a True Story‘s Kaley Cuoco) is going out on her own alongside a new crew: Clayface (Alan Tudyk), Doctor Psycho (Tony Hale), and King Shark (Ron Funches). But just as Harley comes within reach of taking over Gotham City’s underworld, she realizes that she has romantic feelings for her best friend, Poison Ivy (Lake Bell). Unfortunately for Harley, Ivy isn’t initially willing to act on this love. Batman isn’t faring any better, as his fading romance with Catwoman becomes a recurring gag on the series.
Our reviewer names this version of Harley Quinn as the best of all the Harley Quinns, calling Cuoco’s performance “mercurial, intense, foul-mouthed, and passionate, an antihero for the modern age.” Harley Quinn puts Harley front and center, where she should be. 
Set 10,000 years prior to the ascension of Paul Atreides, Dune: Prophecy is inspired by the Brian Herbert and Kevin J. Anderson novel Sisterhood of Dune. The six-episode series follows two Harkonnen sisters, Valya (Emily Watson) and Tula (Olivia Williams), who are battling forces that threaten humankind. To do so, they must undergo intense training to eventually help them acquire superhuman abilities. The show follows their journey and the establishment of the sect known as the Bene Gesserit.
A companion podcast will be available following each episode of the show. This will offer further insight from the creators and cast, making the show and podcast a perfect new watch (and listen) for die-hard Dune franchise fans.
Jeff Daniels shines in this Aaron Sorkin political drama as Will McAvoy, an anchor for a cable news channel whose working world gets thrown a loop when his ex-girlfriend, MacKenzie McHale (Emily Mortimer), is hired as his new executive producer. Together, they try to navigate the murky waters of the political, corporate, commercial, and media landscapes. But Mac’s desire to shake things up doesn’t fit with Will’s hardheaded, stubborn personality and unwillingness to change his onscreen persona and style.
The Newsroom has an incredible cast and engaging episodes where art imitates life; the headlines often reflect real ones happening at the time. It’s like peeling back the curtain to see inside a newsroom and learn about the inner workings of how broadcasts are handled and breaking news is covered. The Newsroom was initially met with mixed reviews, which improved for its second and third seasons. Nonetheless, McAvoy’s long speech that kicks off the pilot episode, answering a student’s question “Why is America the greatest country in the world?” will have you gripped from the get-go and wanting more.
Receiving rave reviews for its first two seasons, Somebody, Somewhere is a comedy-drama starring comedian, actor, singer, writer, and cabaret performer Bridget Everett. She’s a woman named Sam dealing with a midlife crisis following the death of her sister. The series will conclude with the third and final season.
Inspired by Everett’s real life, the show boasts a perfect Rotten Tomatoes rating. The Daily Beast’s Kevin Fallon simply says that “Bridget Everett is a force” while Theo Estes of The Spool relates the show’s brilliance to “the way it weaves between the hilarity and drama of the mundane.”
Colin Farrell impressed as the DC Comics villain Penguin in the 2022 movie The Batman. Now, that film has received a series spinoff centered around the creepy character, and Farrell is donning the makeup once again to take on the persona of the criminal underworld mastermind. In The Penguin, the title character has begun to rise up the ranks of power following the death of crime boss Carmine Falcone.
Similar to movies like Joker, The Penguin dives deeper into the psyche of the disfigured character, exploring the damaged man that exists beneath the villainous exterior. With Farrell describing the show as violent and heavy (per Variety), expect a slight departure from the usual comic book fare. However, it falls in line with those darker shows and movies that are becoming commonplace within this genre. The Penguin premieres on September 19, 2024.
Abbott Elementary has been lauded for its relatability. Presented in mockumentary style, Abbott Elementary is an honest look at the trials and tribulations of the public school system. The story begins with a documentary crew recording teachers working in underfunded schools. The sitcom’s creator, Quinta Brunson, also stars as Janine, a second-grade teacher navigating life with her colleagues, students, and the school’s tone-deaf principal.
While every day is a challenge, the teachers simply want to do the best for their kids. But that’s easier said than done. With multiple Emmy wins, Abbott Elementary is a must-watch for anyone with kids and for teachers, who will be nodding their heads the whole way through.
The corporate world can be cut-throat, especially when there are so many young and talented people all vying for a limited number of jobs. In this British drama, the jobs in question are at a prestigious investment bank in London. The story in Industry begins with a recent group of graduates, who all vie for the hottest gigs in town in finance. It’s a race to the finish line for a seat at the corporate table, and these young adults aren’t about to let that opportunity slide.
Now three seasons in, Industry has filled the gaping hole left by shows like Succession for a corporate-themed drama about greedy people willing to do whatever it takes to get ahead and make money. Industry’s salacious, devious characters include some returning from season 2 along with a few new faces. Among these is Kit Harington in season 3, who plays Henry Muck, CEO of a green tech energy company. If you love shows like Succession and Billions, Industry will be right up your alley.
This adult animated black comedy superhero series is centered around the DC Comics character Kite Man (voiced by Matt Oberg) and follows his adventures alongside girlfriend Golden Glider (Stephanie Hsu). Set as a spinoff of Harley Quinn in which the title character appeared with ex-fiancé Poison Ivy, Kite Man and Golden Glider steal the money needed to buy the seedy Noonan’s dive bar, which they vow to make a destination spot for all types of dark characters in Gotham City.
Featuring the voice of the late Lance Reddick as Lex Luthor, Kite Man: Hell Yeah! was met with praise for its first season. Keep an ear out for a talented cast of other voice actors, including Jonathan Banks (Breaking Bad, Better Call Saul) as Sean Noonan and Michael Imperioli (The Sopranos, The White Lotus) as Joe/Moe Dubelz. Maintaining a perfect 100% Rotten Tomatoes audience score, critics love the show. Decider’s Johnny Loftus calls it a ”fun, foul-mouthed send-up of the superhero genre with expressive voice acting and a gleeful murderous streak that guarantees its NSFW-ness.”
Anyone who claimed that fans didn’t care about Game of Thrones after the divisive final season turned out to be quite wrong. House of the Dragon has proven to be a monster hit. Milly Alcock stars as Princess Rhaenyra Targaryen before eventually relinquishing the role to Emma D’Arcy. Following the death of her mother and her infant brother, Rhaenyra was named heir to the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros. However, her childhood best friend, Lady Alicent Hightower (Emily Carey), has married Rhaenyra’s father and become the new queen. And as the queen becomes a woman (played by Olivia Cooke), her rivalry with her former friend throws House Targaryen into turmoil.
The intensity continues as the fight grows between Team Black and Team Green in season 2. A civil war is brewing, and the dynamic is more heated than ever as loyalties are tested and allegiances fractured. If you’re a fan of Game of Thrones and know of the history of the Targaryen side, you’ll be expecting the blood-soaked, violent, quest for power that is House of the Dragon.
Based on the Viet Thanh Nguyen novel of the same name that earned a Pulitzer Prize, The Sympathizer is about the Captain (Hoa Xuande), a police captain in Saigon who is secretly working as a plant in the South Vietnam army. While living with other South Vietnamese refugees after fleeing to the U.S. following the Vietnam War, he continues to work as a spy, reporting back to the Viet Cong. But as he becomes further entrenched in this new life, The Captain’s loyalties are tested.
The Sympathizer features a predominantly Vietnamese cast and Vietnamese dialogue, at the insistence of Nguyen. Robert Downey Jr., however, also appears in several roles, including as a CIA agent, a grad school professor, an auteur filmmaker, and a California congressman. Delivered in the style of a historical black comedy drama, the miniseries disguises important subject matter behind a lens of comedy, and handles it brilliantly. Digital Trends’ Alex Welch calls the series a ”masterful spy thriller” that is “thematically rich [and] stylistically refreshing.”
There’s an influx of travel and adventure docuseries starring celebrities, and Conan O’Brien is the latest to enter the mix. In his new travel show Conan O’Brien Must Go, the former late-night talk show hosts brings his quirky humor on the road in episodes that feel like extended versions of some of his most popular late-night remote segments. Through the episodes, he travels to locations like Norway, Thailand, and Ireland, where he visits fans in person that were featured on his podcast series’ Conan O’Brien Needs a Friend and Conan Without Borders. This includes Norwegian rapper Jarle and Thai rock climber Whitney.
O’Brien’s signature self-deprecating humor is on full display, bringing to life the podcasts in a way that could never be done through a video screen. Conan O’Brien Must Go is only four episodes long, but the show will have you belly laughing the entire way through, and missing O’Brien’s joyful presence in late night.
Mark Wahlberg executive produced this comedy  drama that’s loosely based on his life, and it became a huge hit, airing for eight seasons. The central character in Entourage is Vincent Chase (Adrian Grenier), a young actor who becomes massively famous and brings his group of childhood friends, aka his “entourage,” along with him for the wild ride. He hires his best friend. Eric (Kevin Connolly). as his manager. Joining the pair in their antics are Vinny’s older half-brother, Johnny “Drama” (Kevin Dillon), a much less successful actor, and friend, Turtle (Jerry Ferrara), who both try to find purpose, but mostly love to reap the benefits of Vinny’s fame. Jeremy Piven, meanwhile, stars as Vince’s egotistical and temperamental agent Ari Gold.
The episodes follow the expected exploits of four young men thrust into a world of fame, money, women, and excess in every sense of the word. It’s raunchy, deeply entertaining, and features tons of celebrity cameos through the seasons. Whether you love Wahlberg or not, Entourage stands on its own as a slick series about the dark and dirty temptations of fame.
Ending after its seventh and final season, Young Sheldon is a worthy follow-up prequel series to The Big Bang Theory, telling the childhood story of Sheldon Cooper (Jim Parsons, Iain Armitage in this show). Narrated by Parsons himself and filled with Easter Eggs and references to moments Sheldon recalled in the original show, Armitage beautifully captures the essence of Sheldon’s massive ego and superiority complex, even as a young boy.
Offering up an equal dose of touching and hilarious moments, Young Sheldon takes fans into the life of a middle-class family in the late 1980s and early ’90s, complete with the beer- and football-loving dad, George (Lance Barber), and the deeply religious Southern Baptist mom, Mary (Zoe Perry). With a fabulous supporting cast that includes Annie Potts as Sheldon’s grandmother Connie (Meemaw) and actors like Wallace Shawn, Craig T. Nelson, and Reba McEntire in recurring roles, Young Sheldon is just as engaging as The Big Bang Theory.
This documentary miniseries took the world by storm when it presented the story of convicted murderer and New York real estate heir Robert Durst. The timing couldn’t have been better for the release of The Jinx: The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst back in 2015 since Durst was arrested and charged with the first-degree murder of his friend Susan Berman just a day prior to the airing of the finale. From there, a web of lies was uncovered, revealing details about the unsolved disappearance of his wife Kathie back in 1982 as well as the death and dismemberment of his neighbor Morris Black. That pivotal moment when Durst confessed his crimes during a bathroom break, unaware that his microphone was still on and recording, became a sort of smoking gun and shocked the nation.
Returning with a six-episode second-season continuation called The Jinx – Part 2, those intrigued and horrified by the case can hear more about what has transpired in the last eight years, including new interviews, material, and Durst’s own prison calls. Durst passed away in January 2022, but his story remains one of the most fascinating and heinous ones of celebrity crime.
One of the most iconic sitcoms of the 2000s and 2010s, The Big Bang Theory spawned an equally successful prequel spin-off called Young Sheldon, which is also available to stream. The story centers around a group of self-professed science nerds navigating daily life in California, all working at Caltech University. It begins when Penny (Kaley Cuoco), a beautiful young waitress and aspiring actress, moves into the apartment across the hall from Sheldon (Jim Parsons) and Leonard (Johnny Galecki), and the socially awkward men attempt to befriend her.
Featuring a fabulous ensemble cast that was, at one point in time, among the highest-paid actors on TV, The Big Bang Theory is filled with complex dialogue and scientific jargon. Yet the jokes and running gags hit beautifully, whether you understand what they’re talking about or not. It’s the type of show you can watch and re-watch and laugh every time. The series earned 46 nominations through its 12-season run, with Parsons winning Outstanding Leader Actor in a Comedy Series four times in a row.
One of the defining sitcoms of the ‘90s, The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air starred Will Smith before he became a massive A-list Hollywood movie celebrity. It’s a fish-out-of-water story about a young man from West Philadelphia who is sent by his mother to live with his wealthy aunt and uncle in Bel-Air. Will’s mom worries he’s going down the wrong path and wants to give him a better chance at life.
At first, Will is at odds with the family members who don’t see eye-to-eye with him, along with the uppity lifestyle to which he isn’t accustomed. But the family comes together as he acclimates to them and they to him. The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is ground-breaking in so many ways. Along with plenty of humor and heart, the sitcom tackles serious issues about race, violence, and family strife. A darker, more dramatic reimagining called Bel-Air is available to stream on Peacock.
Larry David is annoyed with a lot of things: fake people, traditional conventions, false enthusiasm, and the usual ridiculous things, situations, and people he comes across in everyday life. At least, this is how the character based on him is in Curb Your Enthusiasm, one of the best sitcoms of the last several decades. Set to end after its 12th season, Curb Your Enthusiasm was so popular that fans stuck with the show, even when it went on hiatus repeatedly, with years between seasons.
Many of the scripts are based on David’s real-life feelings and perspective of the world and social norms, highlighting his dry sense of humor. With a strong supporting cast that includes Cheryl Hines as David’s wife and Jeff Garlin as his manager and best friend, something in this show just clicks. There isn’t an actual story: much like Seinfeld, which David created, Curb Your Enthusiasm is basically a show about nothing. But the writing, improvised moments, David’s blunt observations, and watching others try to tolerate his behavior is magic.
True Detective has three full seasons under its belt, with fans enduring a five-year wait for season 4. The anthology crime drama has a different story in every season, along with a completely different cast, with names like Matthew McConaughey, Woody Harrelson, Rachel McAdams, Taylor Kitsch, Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn, Mahershala Ali, Stephen Dorff and, most recently, Jodie Foster in Detective Country, counted among the leads.
A different crime is at the heart of every season, along with the authorities investigating it. Every season features enticing twists and turns and tells thought-provoking stories, all driven by incredible performances from the respective casts. The scene shifts to chilly Alaska in season 4. Consistently, each new narrative in True Detective (season 2 excepted, perhaps) gets darker and more haunting.
Mike Judge has come a long way from his Beavis and Butt-Head days. While Judge has previously directed live-action comedy films, Silicon Valley gave him an even bigger platform to expand his mastery of the medium. The series follows programmer Richard Hendricks (Thomas Middleditch) as he and his friends try to launch a new startup company called Pied Piper. Their trials and tribulations run the gamut from hilarious to dramatic. Judge and his co-creators assembled a talented supporting cast that includes T.J. Miller, Kumail Nanjiani, Martin Starr, and Amanda Crew, nearly all of whom have gone on to even bigger things after the show’s six-season run.
Silicon Valley is heavy on tech industry references, so anyone who understands the space will get every insider reference and joke, and theorize about what real-life tech CEOs, billionaires, and investors various characters were likely modeled around. But even those who aren’t so entrenched in the tech space will laugh the entire way through at the absurd “nerd” humor.
With the untimely passing of Matthew Perry, who’s most recognizable role was as Chandler Bing in this iconic sitcom, it’s a good time to binge all 10 seasons of Friends. Remember not only what makes the series part of pop culture history but also how fabulously hilarious Perry and the rest of the talented cast were in their roles. Relive some of the best episodes of Friends and the funny moments, quotable quotes, and sarcastic one-liners.

With several Emmy wins under its belt, including Outstanding Drama Series, Succession has become one of HBO’s most popular series. Waystar Royco is a global media and hospitality empire headed up by the cutthroat, cruel Logan Roy. As he reaches retirement age and suffers a health setback, he must look to his rich and entitled children to find a successor. But who of his four children, from the arrogant playboy to the power-hungry and visionary addict, is really ready and deserving? And will Logan ever be ready to hand over the reins anyway?
The question of who will take over hovers above every episode and season as the company, Logan, and the Roy family engage in dirty tactics, flaunt their wealth, and find themselves constantly embroiled in controversy. With everything coming to a head in the fourth and final season, Succession is poised to go down in history as not only one of the best shows on HBO, but also one of the best shows of this decade, period.
Christine has decades of experience in trade and consumer journalism. While she started her career writing exclusively about tech, she now writes about everything from tech to entertainment, business, lifestyle, and more. An admitted TV junkie (feel free to reach out for recommendations on what to watch!), if she's not working or hanging out with friends and family, she's probably relaxing with a crisp glass of wine while binging her latest TV series obsession. Follow her on Twitter @christinetechCA.
Blair Marnell has been an entertainment journalist for over 15 years. His bylines have appeared in Wizard Magazine, Geek Monthly, SYFY Wire, Superhero Hype, Collider, DC Universe, and the official sites for Star Trek and Marvel. He also lends his pop culture expertise to Digital Trends on a variety of TV, movie, and streaming features.
Reality shows come in all types — game, dating, competition, and fly-on-the-wall premises — and provide a glimpse into the life of a celebrity, business, etc. There is something for everyone within this genre. Reality shows are guilty pleasures. Whether you admit to watching or keep it all to yourself, there's something relaxing about curling up with one.
Love on the Spectrum is one of the best and most heartwarming reality shows. Originally set in Australia, Love on the Spectrum is a dating show centered around people on the autism spectrum looking for love and guidance on dating. The new season provides a glimpse into new cast members and follows up with many cast members from previous seasons. It's a must-watch for fans. If you're looking for other options, here's a good selection of the best reality shows streaming on Netflix right now.
Need more recommendations? Then check out the best new shows to stream this week, as well as the best shows on Netflix, best shows on Hulu, best shows on Amazon Prime Video, the best shows on Max, and best shows on Disney+.
Did you know that Netflix actually has a hidden gem category that's searchable on the site? It's true, but the streamer's definition of a hidden gem doesn't necessarily line up with our own. For the purposes of this ongoing post, we take the time to throw the spotlight on some of Netflix's shows that aren't getting the attention they deserve. Most of the time, there are plenty of dramas or comedies to choose from.
But in the absence of any worthy scripted hidden gems this month, we're turning our attention to a pair of recently arrived Netflix original documentaries: Gold & Greed: The Hunt for Fenn's Treasure and the provocatively named From Rock Star To Killer. Keep reading, and you'll find more shows off the beaten path among the best hidden gems on Netflix.
Want to watch something with more buzz? Check out the the best shows to stream this week, best movies on Netflix and the best shows on Netflix right now. For a much-needed laugh, peruse the best stand-up comedy on Netflix right now.
		Gold & Greed: The Hunt for Fenn's Treasure (2025)	
Sci-fi fans, is it fair for Hulu to take away all of the Alien and Predator movies for a few months and then trot them back out as if they're fresh additions to the library? Those films should have permanent places among the best sci-fi movies on Hulu, rather than seasonal passes.
Before we eventually readmit some of those films to this roundup, we're throwing the spotlight on a new arrival called O'Dessa, starring Sadie Sink, who was recently cast in the next Spider-Man film. Our other pick for the month is The Prestige, which does veer into science fiction territory in a uniquely entertaining way. You can find these films and the rest of the best sci-fi movies on Hulu below.
If you're curious about what's available in science fiction on other streaming services, we also have guides for the best sci-fi movies on Netflix, as well as the best sci-fi movies on Amazon Prime Video. For more options, check out guides for the best new movies to stream and the best movies on Hulu.
If you're looking for more films to watch, remember that Hulu is part of the Disney Bundle. That includes the basic Hulu subscription (with ads), Disney+, and ESPN+, all for just $17 a month. That's a great deal, and you don't even have to travel to the future for it.
Upgrade your lifestyleDigital Trends helps readers keep tabs on the fast-paced world of tech with all the latest news, fun product reviews, insightful editorials, and one-of-a-kind sneak peeks.