The 50th season of "Saturday Night Live" starts on Sept. 28, 2024, on NBC.NBCUniversal
A new season of “Saturday Night Live” will air on Saturday, September 28 (9/28/2029) at 11:30 p.m. ET. A live stream of the season 50 premiere can be watched on fuboTV (free trial), DirecTV stream (free trial), and more TV services listed below.
Kicking off the new season, Jean Smart will host the 50th anniversary, featuring performances by Jelly Roll. Upcoming episodes include Nate Bargatze and Coldplay on October 5, Ariana Grande and Stevie Nicks on October 12, Michael Keaton and Billie Eilish on October 19, and John Mulaney with Chappell Roan on November 2.
Cord cutters can stream “Saturday Night Live” on fuboTV (free trial), DirecTV stream (free trial), and Sling (free trial).
According to NBC, “‘SNL’ makes headlines with topical humor reflecting politics and current events, features an array of characters with a perspective on pop culture that remains unparalleled and offers sharp political commentary through its signature Weekend Update segment. A variety show that is truly one of a kind, ‘SNL’ also attracts the biggest stars of music to its stage for innovative viral performances.”
fuboTV - FuboTV offers one of the widest selections of channels among live TV streaming services. More than 190 channels, including all the sports and entertainment you love, plus sports add-ons for those niche networks you rely on, and it all starts with a free trial.
DirecTV Stream - It’s a subscription streaming service that lets you watch live TV from major broadcast and popular cable networks. Enjoy local and national live sports, breaking news and must-see shows the moment they air. Included: unlimited cloud DVR storage space so you can record as many shows as you want and stream them from wherever you go. DTV Stream starts at $79.98 per month but has a free-trial offer.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices