US singer Noah Kahan has outperformed the likes of Taylor Swift and Beyoncé to see his track 'Stick Season' named as the UK’s biggest song of 2024 so far, according to the Official Charts Company. Swift’s 'The Tortured Poets Department' was named as the UK’s biggest album of the year so far, after spending eight non-consecutive weeks at number one having shifted 667,500 chart units, the LP is both the most-streamed and best-selling album of 2024.
It has also sold 265,000 physical copies. Kahan, whose 'Stick Season' has racked up 1.7 million chart units, faces competition from the likes of Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Benson Boone and Hozier for the end of year accolade, however.
Boone’s 'Beautiful Things' follows closely behind in number two, Teddy Swims’ 'Lose Control' sits in third position, while Carpenter’s 'Espresso', the UK’s official song of the summer, is in number four, in fifth place is Hozier’s two-week number one 'Too Sweet'. Kahan’s single was initially released in 2022 to moderate success in the UK at the time, before viral posts on TikTok and a BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge cover by Olivia Rodrigo saw it soar to the top of the charts this year.
Swift is trailed by The Weeknd’s 'The Highlights' in number two, Kahan’s 'Stick Season' album in third position, Billie Eilish’s 'Hit Me Hard And Soft' in number four, and Olivia Rodrigo’s 'Guts' in fifth.
Despite its 2023 release, Chappell Roan’s The Rise and Fall Of A Midwest Princess has made its first appearance on the list at number 12, marking it as the biggest debut album of 2023 to date. Despite being one of the most discussed records of the year, Charli XCX’s Brat currently sits only at number 20 on the year-to-date list, while Oasis's reunion has propelled their Time Flies – 1994-2009 compilation to number seven.
Country music has also experienced a chart revival with A Bar Song (Tipsy) by Shaboozey climbing eight places since June to number six, Dasha’s Austin rising to seven, up six places, and Beyonce’s Texas Hold ‘Em sitting at number eight.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.