Taylor Swift remains an immovable object at the top of the Billboard 200 albums chart. Her "Tortured Poets Department" spent a sixth week at number-one for the tracking week that ended May 30. It achieved another 175,000 equivalent album units based on its combined record sales, individual track sales and online streams. Read all about this week's chart here at Billboard.com.
Billie Eilish's "Hit Me Hard and Soft" held steady at number-two with 145,000 units. That was her career-best second week total after breaking her personal record for the most first-week units on last week's chart. Those two women were able to hold off rock duo Twenty One Pilots, whose "Clancy" debuted at number-three with 143,000 units. In the number-four spot with 73,000 units was the ever-durable "One Thing at a Time" by Morgan Wallen. And rounding out the top five with 54,000 units was former BTS member RM's "Right Place, Wrong Person."
In our weekly Billboard 200 predictions contest, most game players thought "Hit Me Hard and Soft" would be number-one, just as they thought it would debut at number-one on last week's chart, but 28 people correctly bet on "Tortured Poets" in that position. Similarly, 22 people predicted "Hit Me Hard and Soft" at number-two. Only five users, however, anticipated that the top album would rack up between 150,000 and 199,999 units.
"Clancy" did better than most of us anticipated; our consensus predicted them at number-five, while just three people correctly bet that they'd be up at number-three. Most of us were right, though, that "One Thing at a Time" would be in fourth position. "Right Place, Wrong Person" wasn't in our predictions center this week, and no one picked "None of These" for the number-five spot, so no one was able to achieve a perfect score in this week's contest. Nevertheless, two of our users were able to correctly answer four out of the six prediction questions correctly. How did you do? Find out here.
Be sure to make your predictions so that artists can see how they’re faring in our racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next tracking week begins every Friday. You’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our music forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media