By A. JAMES FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  09:09, 17 May 2024   |  Updated:  09:40, 17 May 2024   
 1
View  comments
American pop sensation Billie Eilish dropped her new album Hit Me Hard and Soft on Friday.
And her fans Down Under has taken to X with rave reviews for the 22-year-old Grammy and Oscar winning pop star. 
Listeners have been left stunned by the fresh set of 10 tunes, with songs like Birds of a Feather and Chihiro proving to be big winners with Billie's followers.
One fan expressed their passion for Billie and the new LP by creating a meme claiming they were 'stanning' the singer.
In netspeak 'stanning' is a way to declaim one is a dedicated fan.
American pop sensation Billie Eilish dropped her new album Hit Me Hard and Soft on Friday. And her fans Down Under has taken to X with rave reviews for the 22-year-old Grammy and Oscar winning pop star. (Pictured)
The meme features a still frame from a notorious episode of American's Top Model in which star Tyra Banks can be seen having a meltdown.
In the meme caption the fan has written: 'I have never in my life stanned a girl like this.'
Another ga-ga follower posted their verdict on the new album: 'Pleased to confirm Billie Eilish is still the best pop star in the world.'
Listeners have been left stunned by the fresh set of 10 tunes, with songs like Birds of a Feather and Chihiro proving to be big winners with Billie's followers. Pictured: The cover of Billie's new LP Hit Me Soft and Hard
One fan expressed their passion for Billie and the new LP by creating a meme claiming they were 'stanning' the singer. In netspeak 'stanning' is a way to declaim one is a dedicated fan. (Pictured)
'Hit Me Hard and Soft is out and we're all obsessed,' said another.
Another fan joked: 'Um, what crack did Billie Eilish put into this new album, coz it's amazing.'
It comes after Billie announced last month that she would be returning to Australia for her new world tour.
Fan deliver their verdict on Billie's new album
Billie unveiled her impressive 81-date tour on Instagram in support of Hit Me Hard and Soft. 
The hitmaker will take on 12 arena concerts on Australia's east coast in early 2025.
The What Was I Made For? artist will begin her Aussie stint at Brisbane Entertainment Centre on February 18, 19, 21 and 22.
It comes after Billie announced last month that she would be returning to Australia for her new world tour. Pictured: Billie on stage launching the LP in the USA earlier this week 
She will then travel to Sydney’s Qudos Bank Arena for four nights on February 24, 25, 27 and 28.
There will be four more concerts to follow at Melbourne’s Rod Laver Arena on March 4, 5, 7 and 9.
Tickets will first be available for an American Express Members pre-sale on May 1, followed by Live Nation, Frontier Member and Vodafone pre-sales on May 2.
General public tickets will be available May 3 via ticketek.com.au with a ticket limit of four per customer. Tickets go on sale for Sydney at 1pm, followed by Brisbane at 2pm and Melbourne at 3pm.
The tour will see Eilish first hit the road in September in Quebec, Canada before concluding in July in Dublin, Ireland.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group